{"city": "None", "code": "12831655", "title": "\u2018What captures Delhi the best\u2019", "text": "They say that a picture is worth a thousand words. Send us pictures of monuments, street-food or anything that you think captures the true spirit of Delhi. Ten best entries, judged by a panel of experts, will be put up for votes on the Facebook page of Education Times (www.facebook.com/educationtimes.toi) and will be taken in print. The entry with the most number of votes will win. So hurry and send in your entries by email to edutimes.del@itimes.com The last date for receipt of pictures is April 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12829486", "title": "Interactive session held on Earth Day", "text": "BHOPAL: World Earth Day was celebrated in the state capital on Sunday. On the occasion an interactive session was conducted by the Additional PCCF Suhas Kumar with the school and college children along with a poster competition at the Regional Museum of Natural History. Sensitization of Save Tiger Campaign was also undertaken by Prayatna.While initiating the session, Dr S Seturamalingam, Scientist E, RMNH emphasized upon the need of a harmonious relationship between the Government and Non-Government sectors instead of indulging in a blame game for the successful conservation of the declining tiger population.The increased participation of the youth required in this movement was highlighted by Ajay Dubey, Secretary, NGO Prayatna. According to him there are currently 1700 tigers approximately in India which are an endangered species and must be protected at top priority.Suhas Kumar said that there was an urgent need to revitalize the forest corridors between the National parks and Wildlife sanctuaries across the country in order to provide a safer migratory passage for the tiger population thereby preventing inbreeding which adversely affects the Tiger Population. He suggested that low impact strictly regulated tourism should be allowed in core areas, with the sole objective of generating awareness and concern towards wildlife protection, rather than curbing tourism altogether.Dr Raka Arya of NLIU said that the development must be done with animals rights duly protected.Around 31 participants took part in the poster competition. This is the first time that physically challenged participants joined in the competition.Prayatna is going to create tiger clubs in the schools situated near the tiger reserves in Madhya Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12830239", "title": "Programme to tackle child malnutrition launched", "text": "VADODARA: The district administration here has launched an ambitious programme to reduce malnutrition amongst children below six years of age in Vadodara's tribal belt. The programme by district panchayat will cover Chhota Udepur, Jetpur Pavi, Kawant and Nsaswadi talukas.The community based nutrition support project 'Bal Sanjeevni' has been taken up with a budget of Rs 2.99 crore by the district panchayat. It was launched on Saturday by tribal development minister Jaswantsinh Bhabhor.The project will be implemented in 929 anganwadi centres in four talukas. Under the project three nutritious meals will be given per day for one month besides two home diets and two diets available from anganwadi. Micronutrient supplementation will also be provided with zinc, multivitamin and iron folic acid syrups as well as folic acid tablets.Deworming tablets will also be given to children. Antibiotic amoxicillin will be given to severely underweight children after a medical check up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12830347", "title": "Where have all the roads gone?", "text": "Lawyer Deepta Vivek was in a frenzy when her one-and-a-half-year-old son fell ill and it took her over two hours to get transportation from Challaghatta to Manipal Hospital. So what's new given the traffic situation in Bangalore?Well, Challaghatta is barely 2 km from Manipal Hospital. But improper roads and ongoing BWSSB pipeline work have rendered the route bumpy and inaccessible, with practically no public transport system. So Deepta, who usually uses public transport, was unable to get through to her regular auto drivers, who were busy elsewhere that day. And it made no sense to contact her husband Vivek at 10.30am, given that it would take him at least two hours to combat the peak hour traffic back from work.\"I was very worried and ultimately requested my neighbour to take me and my son to the hospital. I was lucky that my neighbour was at home that day,\" says Deepta.Not so long ago, proximity to MG Road rendered Challaghatta a smart destination to invest in a home. Transiting Old Airport Road, the two entry points to the locality are off Wind Tunnel Road and through Embassy Golf Links (EGL) on Intermediate Ring Road. Today, the decision that hundreds of IT and corporate professional made, however, doesn't seem to be so smart.In fact, the route connecting Challahgatta and Nagasandra had a 30-year-old sewage pipe, which developed leaks over time. As a result, the groundwater, too, has got contaminated and residents have to rely on water tankers. \"These water tanker drivers refuse to use the bigger road, making it difficult for car users to use the smaller approach,\" says Vivek V, VP in an international bank and resident of Challaghatta. The road is not even walkable. Every year it's made motorable, but heavy traffic restores the road to its pathetic condition in no time.Frustration is apparent among all segments of the society. Durgamma, an inhabitant of Challaghatta village who walks across the narrow, undulated, pathway connecting Challaghatta to EGL, says, \"We work as support staff in an MNC in EGL and take this way every day. The authorities are laying a pipeline here, the path is slippery and during rains, the condition will only worsen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12830419", "title": "Comunidade meet at Pilerne turns ugly", "text": "PANAJI: Noisy scenes were witnessed at a meeting of Pilerne comunidade as gaunkars questioned the presence of eight non-Gaunkars and police had to be called to avert an ugly turn to the meeting.After the meeting chaired by president Florence J B A D'Souza commenced, the gaunkars sought to know about the presence of eight members. \"They are not gaunkars,\" they alleged and demanded to see their names in the list.This led to a heated debate and a scuffle. As the situation appeared to be going out of hand, the police intervened and tried to bring it under control.Other office bearers present were Anthony P M Correia, treasurer, and Fransquinho H de Souza, registrar.The gaunkars were also agitated over illegal activities in land belonging to the comunidade and also the sale of its land.They also demanded that a proposed sports complex in comunidade land should be scrapped and should not be listed on the agenda again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12830092", "title": "India argues Salem case with Portugal", "text": "NEW DELHI: A high-level Indian delegation has briefed Portuguese authorities on the serious ramifications of revocation of extradition of alleged gangster Abu Salem ahead of their Constitutional Court's ruling on the issue.By an order of January 11, the Supreme Court of Portugal had revoked the extradition of Salem to India on the ground that Indian investigating agencies had charged him with offences which on conviction could result in award of death penalty.The delegation, led by additional solicitor general Vivek Tankha and comprising CBI joint director Rajiv Sharma and another retired CBI officer who had been associated with the Salem case, pointed out that the Indian Supreme Court had one-and-a-half years ago rejected Salem's petition on an identical issue.Tankha and his team members met officials of the ministries of justice, foreign affairs and the attorney general and told them that the Indian SC's September 10, 2010 judgment was at variance with the January 11 judgment of the Portuguese SC.The Indian SC had dismissed Salem's petition saying, \"We are also satisfied that there has been no violation of Rule of Speciality and the Solemn Sovereign Assurance given by the government of India in the letter dated 25.05.2003 of the Indian ambassador to the government of Portugal regarding the trial of the appellant-Abu Salem.\"The said assurance of the Indian ambassador was given to the effect that the appellant will not be prosecuted for the offences other than those for which his extradition has been sought and that he will not be re-extradited to any other third country. As rightly pointed out by the solicitor general, there has been no violation of Rule of Speciality.\"Sources in the CBI and the ministry of external affairs said the meeting with Portuguese authorities had become imperative because of the perceived impasse created due to judicial pronouncements of the Indian and Portuguese Supreme Courts.The delegation has reported back to the government that the Portuguese authorities were keen to fight terrorism and agreed to do everything possible to avoid any situation that could create a negative impression.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12833911", "title": "Supreme Court strength goes up to 27 as Justice Gogoi takes oath", "text": "NEW DELHI: Justice Ranjan Gogoi was on Monday sworn in as a Supreme Court judge, raising the strength of the apex court to 27 against the approved strength of 31.Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia administered the oath of office to Justice Gogoi, the former chief justice of Punjab and Haryana high court.On April 2, Justice Fakir Muhammad Ibrahim Kalifulla was elevated to the apex court from the Jammu and Kashmir high court.Justice Gogoi had taken charge as the Punjab and Haryana high court chief justice on February 12, last year. He had joined the judiciary on February 28, 2001 when he was made a permanent judge of the Gauhati high court.He was transferred to high court of Punjab and Haryana and had assumed charge of office on September 9, 2010.Born on November 18, 1954, Justice Gogoi had joined the Bar in 1978. He had practiced mainly in the Gauhati high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12828922", "title": "Janta darbar an opportunity to come in contact with people: CM", "text": "KANPUR: Saying that 'janata darbar' was an opportunity to feel the pulse of the people, Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav said it was beneficial in knowing the functioning of the district officials. He was addressing media persons at the Police Lines here on Sunday before leaving for Lucknow. Yadav had come to the city to attend a private function in Civil Lines.When questioned about the benefits of organising janta darbar, Akhilesh said it was a nice way to know about the grievances of the people. This gives an opportunity to come directly in contact with the people. \"Janta darbar helps us to know whether the administrative and police officials are addressing public grievances or not. It gives us an insight into the capability of the officials of each and every district. It would help us to run the government smoothly,\" he said.The CM mentioned about his meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New Delhi recently. \"The Prime Minister has assured us of rendering full support in the overall development of the state. After the tabling of the budget in the Vidhan Sabha, we would start completing our promises made to the people. We will meet the expectations of the people and try to fulfill the promises made in our manifesto,\" Yadav said amid raising of slogans by the party workers.The chief minister also spoke about the development of the city. \"I am aware about the poor power scenario, broken roads and drinking water problem. All these problems would be solved. The roads would be made motorable. For meeting the increasing power requirements of the city people, production plants would be commissioned. Within four months, changes will be visible,\" Yadav, clad in white kurta pyjama, said before heading towards his helicopter.The chief minister assured that clean drinking water would be made available to the people.Yadav lambasted the Mayawati's regime and stated that nothing was done to increase power production in the state. The CM said that efforts are being made to curb power rostering in the evening so that business could flourish.\"We appreciate those who are fighting against corruption in the country. The campaign against black-money is welcome,\" chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said in reply to a question over campaign against corruption and black money launched by Anna Hazare and Baba Ram Dev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12831729", "title": "National aptitude test", "text": "The National Aptitude Test (NAT) 2012 will be conducted on May 20. Forms will be available till April 30 at Syndicate Bank branches on payment of Rs 650. The fee includes cost of the form, bulletin and examination fee respectively. NAT is recognised by over 175 universities and institutions. However, students applying through Kendriya Vidyalaya Samiti (KVS) and Navodaya Vidyalaya Samiti (NVS) can buy forms from SAHEI office for Rs 100. The results of the entrance exam will be declared on May 31. For details, log on to the website, www.natindia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12828840", "title": "Maoists spreading terror in Barak: DGP", "text": "Silchar: State director general of police (DGP), Jayanta Narayan Chawdhary on Sunday said there were reports of Maoists trying to make their presence felt and spread panic in the tea belt of Barak valley.The DGP who came for a routine visit here and in Dima Hasao districts said Maoist activities were yet to gain momentum in southern Assam, unlike Dibrugarh and Tinsukia districts.\"According to intelligence reports, Maoist elements held a couple of meetings in some of the tea gardens of Barak Valley. They are trying to use the tea gardens as the platform for unlawful activities. These areas are dominated by the tribal community of Jharkhand and Santhal in particular. Given the circumstances, both the Centre and state government are trying to nip the phenomenon in the bud\", said Chawdhary.In response to the recent reports of the alleged existence of the outlaws in Assam University, Silchar, the DGP said the AU had not turned into a Maoist den. \"There is no such danger here. However, there may be students who are influenced by the Maoist ideology. The same is the case some other universities of the country including that of West Bengal ,\" he said.The DGP also called upon Ulfa commander-in-chief Paresh Barua to join the ongoing peace process with a section of the outfit and come to the mainstream for the sake of permanent peace in the state.Chawdhary reviewed the law and order situation in this part of Assam in a high-level meeting held on Sunday which was attended by all the SPs and commandants of different battalions of police of Cachar, Karimganj and Hailakandi districts of Barak Valley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830716", "title": "Cooking gas for all tribals around Tadoba nat'l park", "text": "MUMBAI: In a move aimed at ending the man-animal conflict around Tadoba National Park in Chandrapur, the forest department plans to provide cooking gas to the 13,000-odd tribal families residing in and around its buffer zone. The department also plans to provide fodder for the tribals' cattle. The forest department hopes that the move will negate the tribals' need to venture deep into forest areas to collect firewood and fodder, a practice that has almost become a tradition.Tadoba National Park, with nearly 100 tigers, also known as Jewel of Vidarbha, is spread over an area of 600 sq km.A preliminary survey conducted by the wildlife wing and the forest department found that tribals frequently entered the park's forest areas to collect firewood and fodder for their animals. \"On several occasions, tribals and their cattle fell prey to tigers and other wild animals in and around the park. We have drafted a new strategy to ensure that tribals don't enter the jungle,\" Praveensinh Pardesi, principal secretary (forest), told TOI.\"We have already provided cooking gas to well over 1,200 families and we cover the rest of the families soon. Once this is done, we are optimistic that tribals will not venture into the forest areas for firewood,\" Pardesi said.Pardesi said there will be a 75% subsidy on cooking gas and the remaining amount will have to be paid by will be by the beneficiary. The funds for the project will be generated through an ecological-development plan and from money reserved for compensatory a forestation programme. \"Our ultimate aim is to ensure that tribals are less dependent on forest produce,\" he said.The government has also drafted a plan for the tribals' rehabilitation. \"We have reserved two routes for tribal youths. The youths have been empowered to charge an entry fee of Rs 100 on these routes. They can also work as tourist guides for the prescribe fee,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12829145", "title": "17-year-old who shot himself dies", "text": "PUNE: A 17-year-old boy, who had shot himself in the head with his elder brother's licensed pistol at Patilnagar in Chikhali on Saturday morning, succumbed during treatment at a private hospital on Sunday morning.The boy, identified as Manoj Jadhav, was a std XII science student. He had fallen in love with a girl, but both their parents told them to maintain distance from each other and concentrate on their studies, said police sub-inspector M K Dhavan of the Dehu road police station. \"In a fit of anger, Jadhav took a .32 pistol from his brother and shot himself. He had received a bullet injury on the right side of his head.\"Jadhav's family members first rushed him to the Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital in Pimpri. He was later shifted to the Aditya Birla Memorial Hospital in Chinchwad. \"Jadhav succumbed during treatment around 11 am on Sunday,\" he said.Dhavan said the Dehu road police had on Saturday registered a case against Jadhav under section 309 (suicide attempt) of the Indian Penal Code. \"We will now register a case of accidental death. We are also planning to file a case against Jadhav's elder brother, who runs an engineering workshop, for his negligence in keeping a firearm.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12829348", "title": "Fake parking lots mushroom across city", "text": "KOLKATA: Be careful while parking your car. Going by Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) records, several illegal car parking lots have sprung up on major roads of the city. So next time you park your car, make sure that the parking lot signboard sports an authorized KMC logo and check the identity cards of the lot attendants.A KMC car parking department list reveals the presence of fake parking lots on several thoroughfares. CIT Road (Kankurgachi), Bagbazar Street (entire), Rabindra Sarani (Rabindra Bharati to Vivekananda Road), Amherst Street, Muktarambabu Street in the north, Indian Mirror Street, Elliot Road, Short Street (from Loudon Street to Rawdon Street) in the central and Park Circus seven-point crossing, Baker Road (Alipore), Turf Road, Sarat Bose Road (Elgin Road to Padmapukur), Purna Das Road (Gol Park to Jatin Bagchi Road), Ballygunge Station Road, Monoharpukur Road (part), Motilal Nehru Road (behind Priya Cinema), Raja Basanta Roy Road, Jatin Bagchi Road (Southern Avenue to Gol Park) and Ballygunge Circular Road (near David Hare Training College) in the south are some prominent roads that have been declared as unauthorized parking lots.After a series of meetings with Kolkata Police, KMC officials have handed over a list of illegal parking lots and asked the cops to crack down on the fake parking agencies. \"We have handed over a list of 66 prominent stretches of city roads where we did not approve any agency to run car parking lots,\" said Rajib Deb, MMiC overseeing car parking. Deb said a joint raid by the KMC and police would be undertaken to clear the streets of illegal parking.Sources in the KMC car parking department said the civic body had approved 31 cooperative agencies to run 69 parking lots on 344 stretches across the city. These 69 parking lots can accommodate 7,699 cars a day. \"But fake agencies are now multiplying across the city in the absence of strong vigil,\" Deb admitted. Revenue from car parking has shown a marginal increase last financial year (2011-2012) which stood at 7.4 crore compared to Rs 6.6 crore in 2010-2011.Some locals, however, complained about authorized parking space not being enough to accommodate all cars. \"What will the authorities do? There isn't parking space allotted for all cars. So they have to be parked in unauthorized spaces,\" pointed out Majid, a shop owner near Indian Mirror Street.\"No-parking boards are placed on most of these streets. If we find a vehicle repeatedly breaking the rules, we levy heavy fines on them,\" said a police sergeant on Park Street.\"There are several parking attendants in the area who charge a separate parking fee not authorized by corporation officials. They function almost every day from morning to evening,\" said Uttam Singh, a security guard of a bank near the Park Circus seven-point crossing.\"The city has very little space for vehicular movement. On-street parking is a major impediment. We had requested KMC to identify the illegal parking lots. We are determined to eliminate all of them. This will smoothen traffic movement too,\" said deputy commissioner (traffic) Dilip Banerjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "12828808", "title": "Human rights group dubs Assam Rifles activities as 'serious breach of trust'", "text": "DIMAPUR: The ongoing campaign against the NSCN (IM) is a \"serious breach of trust\" between the entities that agreed to a ceasefire and agreed to sit across the negotiating table, the Naga Peoples' Movement for Human Rights (NPMHR) said on Sunday.It called upon the representatives of the Centre to press forward for a resolution of the Naga issue, saying that the gains made in the dialogue process with NSCN (IM) have increased the level of trust among the Nagas and the Centre. However, it urged the Centre \"to rein in 'the friends of the hill people' and halt its provocative tendencies against the Naga groups to carry on the peace process, a statement issued by NPMHR stated. The NPMHR also asked the Naga groups to exercise restraint as the actions of the paramilitary forces are tuned to provoke them and stop them from reconciling and living together.The statement said there is a clash of interest between the political leadership and the military establishment as far as resolving the Naga political issue is concerned, adding that over the last 15 years, the political leaders at the Centre, cutting across party affiliations, have demonstrated the will to resolve the Naga issue through a process of dialogue.\"However, the approach of the paramilitary forces, especially the Assam Rifles that was set up to deal with internal strife during the British rule about 177 years ago, leaves one to question the overall motives of the Centre. The military continues to function with immunity, protected by such laws as the Armed Forces Special Powers Act, infringing on even the rights of civilians,\" it said. The human rights body said there are reports of increased surveillance, including house raids all over Nagaland by Assam Rifles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830816", "title": "Did broker shelter Palande when he was on the run?", "text": "MUMBAI: Did share broker Gautam Vora, who was once questioned by police in the Viveka Babajee suicide case, shelter double-murder convict Vijay Palande after Palande fled from police custody on April 11 during his arrest in the Arunkumar Tikku murder case? The police will summon Vora for questioning in the matter soon.Police sources said Palande fled while being ferried in a police vehicle to the Crime Branch's office in Andheri (East). He then took a local train to Churchgate. From there, he allegedly called Vora to help him. Palande, during the course of interrogations, told police that Vora arrived in his car and took him to a hotel in Colaba where Palande had a shower and changed into clothes Vora had brought along.\"The two were together in a hotel in Colaba for a few hours before he was re-arrested near Churchgate. We will summon Vora this week to question him,\" said ACP Deven Bharti.Vora has already been questioned by the Amboli police in connection with the mysterious disappearance of Delhi-based consultant Karan Kakkar, a case in which Palande was also arrested. Model Simran Sood, alias Simi, was arrested by the Amboli police last week in the case. Police had found Vora's phone numbers in Sood's call logs. Police are trying to determine Sood's relationship with various men, including Vora and Kakkar.Vora had been questioned by the Khar police in the Viveka Babajee suicide case in 2010. Babajee, who was reportedly in a relationship with Vora, had written in a suicide note, \"U killed me Gautam Vora\". However, Vora was given a clean chit by the police in that case.Meanwhile, Palande and his two associates, Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh, who were charged with Tikku's murder, will be produced before the Esplande metropolitan court on Monday. Police are waiting for the Kalina Forensic Science Laboratory's (FSL) reports on the unidentified body found in Ratnagiri, which is believed to be of Kakkar. If the results are positive, murder charges will be filed in that case too.Palande, Gajkosh and Shinde were arrested for killing Tikku. Later, Rahul Mane, a Pune resident, told police that Tikku had kept a BMW car in his society's compound. During interrogations, Palande said that he and his associates had killed Kakkar, the owner of the BMW car, and threw his body in a valley in Kumbharli ghat in Ratnagiri. Based on his directions, police traced the remains of a human body in the valley. Kakkar's mother Rita and Hanish refuse to believe the remains are of Kakkar and are awaiting forensic reports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12829589", "title": "More Indore areas reel under water scarcity", "text": "INDORE: With the summer is gaining momentum, the difficulties of the city residents too mounted due to the growing water shortage problem, which is spreading to more areas of the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC). The civic body's control room is buzzing with calls for water tankers from different parts of the city including posh localities and the IMC's all-out efforts to supply adequate water in the scarcity-hit areas became a regular failure.The civic body has allotted one each water tanker to all 69 wards of the city, but this is proving to be insufficient and every day, the IMC control room receives around 30 calls from people seeking water tankers from the different parts of the city including Bengali Colony, Residency, New Palasia, Airport Area, Sarvoday Nagar, Sneha Nagar, Sai Krupa Colony and Mahalaxmi Nagar. Baffled with the increasing demand for water tankers from residents, the IMC has decided to increase the number of water tankers.Water works in-charge Sapna Chouhan said that civic body started water supply through tankers from April 1. All the corporators have been allotted one each water tankers. After increasing demand for tankers, private tankers have also been pressed into service. Besides this, the number of supply by tankers has also been increased, Chouhan said. However, right now situation is under control.Civic officials said that around 100 tankers are supplying waters in the city now. Initially they are supplying one time and it was increased to four trips in two shifts in a day. One tanker takes two rounds in the morning and two in the evening, said the IMC officer.Chouhan said that the quantity of water has also been increased significantly as borewells are drying up. Supply from borewells constitutes around 40% of the total water supply in the city. Beside this, the city residents get water from Narmada pipeline also on alternate days.Leader of opposition in the IMC, Abhay Verma, said, \"The civic body had promised to supply 24-hour water supply, but it is not even able to supply water for a few hours. People entirely depend on water tankers, even in the areas through which the Narmada water pipeline passes. The reason is that Narmada line will be opened on alternate days that too for just 20 minutes, so people have to call tankers for their daily needs.\" He further said that till now IMC spent Rs 600 crore on Namrada water project alone but people are still deprived of water.Energy consultant Nabvin Goyal said that breakdown and technical problems have become the norm of the day. Water from pipeline in Geetanjali Vatika in scheme No. 74 has been leaking for past three years. \"All my requests to fix the problem have fallen on deaf ears. Loss of water can be prevented if we plug the leakages on the supply lines,\" he said.People reactionsWater problem is the most irritating part of summer. The moment our water requirement goes up, it becomes scarce in the city. Everyday we have to call water tankers to meet our daily needs. We even find it difficult to wash our clothes due to acute shortage of water.Sharad Mohadi, StudentResidency areaWater scarcity haunts me like a nightmare. It badly affects my daily routine and some time even restricts my movement. Every day, I have to store water which always remains insufficient for the day. Dearth of water has become a real trouble for me.Rohini Mishra, Automobile engineerScheme No. 74One person of the family has to be always busy in making arrangement for water. Coordinating with civic official for water tanker and then store it is not less than a nightmare. Now a days, we even avoid guests as it will increase our water consumption.Chhaya Chourey, copy writerShyam NagarTaking bath two times a day has become luxury now. We even minimise the use of cooler just to reduce water consumption. Even if we get water from tankers, storing it is a huge problem. Flats are not constructed with facility to store water.Sumit Joshi, Training officerNanda Nagar Colony", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12829649", "title": "Foodgrain festival in city from May 5", "text": "NASHIK: The Agriculture Tec-hnology Management Agency (ATMA), Nashik, has organized a two-day festival from May 5 to make foodgrains available directly to consumers at cheap rates.The festival will be held at Dadasaheb Gaikwad auditorium in Bhabhanagar here.\"We have organized the festival to make the produce of farmers available directly to consumers at cheap rates and to avoid middle men so that farmers and consumers get the benefits. We are organizing the event for the third consecutive time. Last year, foodgrains of farmers worth Rs 2 crore were sold in two days,\" ATMA project director and district superintendent of agriculture Kalilas Mote said.\"There was a demand from consumers to continue the festival this year too. Considering the response, we decided to continue it. Farmers registered under ATMA are also participating in the festival. Fruits, vegetables and foodgrains will be on sale. Besides, various products by self-help groups of women across the district will be available,\" he said.Fresh vegetables from the district are supplied to Mumbai and other cities daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12829744", "title": "Police nabs accused in 7-yr-old rape case", "text": "JAIPUR: Police on Sunday arrested a youth accused of raping a seven-year-old in the Walled City area.Police said the accused Dinesh, also known as Sunny, was spotted wandering around by some people who were visiting the Govind Dev Ji temple. They informed the police, who chased and caught him.On Saturday morning the girl's parents spotted her lying under a tree in an unconscious condition at Chandni Chowk in Manak Chowk police station area. According to the police, the parents had registered the FIR against Dinesh under section 376 of IPC for raping the girl.Police said different teams were formed to catch Dinesh and pamphlets carrying photograph of the accused had been circulated to nab the accused.\"On Sunday morning one devotee in the Govind Dev Ji Temple recognized the accused on the basis of the pamphlets and informed the police. With the help of the public, police followed the accused and arrested him,\" said Ashok Naruka, DCP north,\"The accused used to call the girl's mother as sister,\" said Madangopal Meghwal, additional DCP (north). The officer said that on Friday evening Dinesh took the girl out in the market and told her mother that he would get chocolates for the kid but he did not come back.Officer included, \"The parents kept searching for the whole night but failed to find the girl. On Saturday morning they found her in an unconscious state in the Chandni Chowk area and than they informed the police.\" The girl was quickly taken to the SMS Hospital, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12829655", "title": "Godavari to be cleared of water hyacinth soon", "text": "NASHIK: In an attempt to clean the Godavari and its surroundings, the administration has been trying to get rid of the water hyacinth that grows have been growing on the riverbed. Mayor Yatin Wagh instructed the administration to get rid of the invasive plant at the earliest. He added that he would be taking cognizance of the issue on Monday.A fortnight ago, the mayor visited the entire stretch of the river, from Ramkund to Asaram Bapu bridge, along with officials of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) and instructed them to clear the water hyacinth. The cleaning process has already begun.Godavari beautification and development, Goda Park and development works for the ensuing Simhastha Kumbh mela are priorities for the MNS, the party in power at the civic body.\"We have taken the decision to get the water hyacinth cleared from the river as early as possible. But it is still there in large quantities. I have asked executive engineer R K Pawar to get it cleared. Since he is on leave, I will talk to him on Monday,\" Wagh said at a press conference on Sunday.Sources from the NMC said that water hyacinth has often been removed by the administration throughout the year, but it keeps coming back as it is not carried out continuously till all the water hyacinth is cleared out. \"What we will have to do is to clear it all during the same period rather than do it in breaks because it spreads very quickly,\" said the source.Administration to get rid of water hyacinth soon NashikIn an attempt to clean Godavari River and its surroundings from pollution, the administration has been trying to get rid of water hyacinth that has been spreading continuously on the river bed. Mayor Yatin Wagh has also instructed the administration to get rid of the water hyacinth at the earliest. He said he will be taking cognizance of the issue on Monday.A fortnight back the mayor visited the entire stretch of the river from Ramkund to Asaram Bapu bridge along with the officials of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) and instructed them to clear these. The clearing process had also begun but the hyacinth is widely spread on the river bed across the city.Godavari beautification and development, Goda Park and developmental works for the ensuing Simhastha Kumbh Mela are the priorities of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), the party in power at the civic body. On this backdrop, the mayor and his team had visited the stretch of the river and had instructed the officials of the water supply department to clear the river of the water hyacinth.\"We had taken the decision, during our visit to the river early this month, to get the water hyacinth cleared from the river as early as possible. But it is still there in large quantities. I have asked executive engineer RK Pawar to get these cleared. Since he is on leave, I will inquire with him on Monday,\" said Wagh at a press conference on Sunday.Sources from the NMC said that water hyacinth that has often been cleaned by the administration throughout the year keeps coming back, probably because it is not carried out continuously till all the water hyacinth is gotten rid of. \"\"What we will have to do is clear it all during the same period rather than doing it in breaks because these spread very quickly,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12830313", "title": "Centre backs villagers facing eviction in TN elephant corridor", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has sprung to the aid of villagers caught in a battle between hotel industry and wildlife groups, who are fighting for securing the Sigur elephant corridor that cradles between several wildlife sanctuaries in Tamil Nadu.In an affidavit filed before the Supreme Court, MoEF has opposed the Madras High Court order asking everyone to hand over their land in the corridor in disregard to provisions of the Land Acquisition Act.The ministry has noted that there are more than a dozen villages in the corridor, housing around 200 farmers along with tourist resorts and other private landowners. Besides, there are another 700 families, who are mostly dalits and tribals and are dependent on the land for their livelihood.The MoEF has pointed out that the rights of the occupants have not been settled under the Forest Rights Act.The \"recommendation to take over the entire land area of the corridor is questionable in view of the large proportion of local communities inhabiting this area and also in view of protection provided under the Forest Rights Act,\" the ministry has said.Challenging the HC order to remove the occupants and others summarily, the ministry has said that if the directive is upheld without alteration by the apex court, \"It would set a precedence where judicial intervention instead of democratic processes established under law of the land, could be used to take over many patches of lands - revenue and private - without settlement of rights in the name of conservation.\"MoEF has suggested other options such as ecologically sensitive areas, community reserves and community resources under the various existing laws. It has also pointed out that there are competing claims and interests in the land that belong to revenue department, infrastructure sector, resort owners and subsistence forest dwellers.\"In considering the question holistically, it needs to be considered if the state government can evict thousands of people, many of whom own and or access lands in the Sigur area under a range of laws protecting their rights,\" said the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12829528", "title": "Man held for duping unemployed", "text": "BHOPAL: A man has been arrested for allegedly duping a number of unemployed people in the city. The accused offered jobs after taking money from the youth.A compliant in this regard was received in January this year. A case of cheating was registered after corroborating the charges leveled against the accused on Sunday, the police said.The accused identified as Sanjay runs his office from Lucky Plaza building in TT Nagar. The complainant Shailendra Rai alleged that Sanjay took around Rs 1.75 lakh from a dozen people assuring them jobs at various firms. However, the victims could not get jobs and they lodged a complain with the police.The people, who fell in his trap, have been identified as Rahul, Pramod, Divyakant, Om Prakash , Nagendra, Ravindra, Dilip and Bharti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12830142", "title": "Will big bucks flow in for minority welfare?", "text": "The Steering Committee on Empowerment of Minorities for the 12th Five Year Plan, constituted by the Planning Commission, has recommended a five-fold jump in the outlay for minority welfare from Rs 7,000 crore in the 11th Plan to Rs 41,685 crore in the 12th Plan. It has also made many key recommendations for empowerment of minorities in the real sense by restructuring the existing programmes and making enhanced allocations for them.Since the aim of the 12th Plan is \"Faster, Sustainable and More Inclusive Growth,\" the Planning Commission constituted a Steering Committee under the chairmanship of Syed Hameed to formulate a policy framework for the minority sector.It also constituted a working group on \"Empowerment of the Minorities\" for the formulation of the 12th Five Year Plan and formed three sub-groups for educational empowerment, area development, economic empowerment and institutional strengthening. Based on the deliberations of the sub-groups, the Steering Committee came up with its report recently.According to the panel, the major stakeholders in the minority sector, which have a role to play in the success of the policy initiatives during the 12th Plan, include the ministry of minority affairs (MoMA), department for minority welfare of state governments, national and state-level minority commissions, district level minority welfare office, line departments, schools, colleges and other institutions and minority communities themselves.To meet the challenges for the 12th Plan, the Steering Committee suggested a series of strategies. The panel felt that the MoMA, being inadequately staffed, required immediate augmentation and restructuring and the central government needed to take a decision in this regard at the earliest. All state governments should have a separate well-endowed department for minorities welfare.The panel emphasized the need to sign MoUs with states so that they are able to enjoy more flexibility and assume more responsibility and accountability. In the minorities sector, it suggested the development of an administrative chain of command with an empowered officer, who may act as a facilitator between the community, local bodies (panchayat raj institutions and urban local bodies) and across the various departments \"who will handhold the minorities in the areas of education, area development and economic advancement.\"The Steering Committee, thus, recommended structural and strategic changes for a greater impact on the welfare of the minority sector. The first major recommendation is for restructuring the implementation of the Multi-Sectoral Development Programme for minority concentrated districts. To cut down delay and establish accountability, it was suggested to delegate the plan and implementation of MsDP schemes to the state governments.The second major suggestion is to restructure monitoring by a built-in provision for social audit and concurrent audit. As far as possible, the monitoring should be based on real time data.The third major recommendation is to make all scholarship programmes of MoMA 'demand driven' so that all eligible minority students can be covered. This is also to be coupled with suitable enhancement of scholarship amount along with total simplification of procedures for fresh and reasonable cases. In this context, the panel also recommended restructuring of the functioning of Maulana Azad Education Foundation (MAEF).Finally, the issue of access to resource for entrepreneurial activities needs to be addressed in an urgent manner. \"It is more than apparent that NMDFC in its present form is unable to meet the expectations of the minority community. It has to be restructured to take up the challenge of capital flow and micro credit,\" the panel noted.\"Needless to mention that all these restructured enhanced programmes would require appreciable resources for implementation. Therefore, the working group has projected a requirement of Rs. 41,685 crore over the 12th Plan period,\" the panel report pointed out.A panel constituted earlier for the 11th Plan had proposed an allocation of Rs 17,224 crore but the Planning Commission had fixed the final allocation at Rs 7,000 crore during 2007-12. It remains to be seen what the Planning Commission finally allocates for the 12th Plan period. But the ad-hoc allocation of Rs 3,135 crore for 2012-13 annual Plan (ie. the first year of 12th Plan) hardly inspires confidence.(The writer is member of Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12836681", "title": "Theatre's my first love, says Jimit Trivedi", "text": "As his character nicknamed 'Goti' in Bhool Bhulaiyya with Akshay Kumar, he got the much needed arclights and that's enough to introduce Jimit Trivedi.This talented actor is part of latest show on Star Plus, 'Ek Doosre Se Karte Hain Pyaar Hum'. He is all praises for the producers JD Majethia and Aatish Kapadia, \"Hats Off productions is the only production house which has so much similarity to the theatre work I've done. I can say it is an extension to theatre for theatre artists. And, theatre is my first love so I know, I am definitely going to enjoy this stint.\" And he is enjoying this unique show to the fullest.Jimit, who started participating in theatre right since inter-college drama fest shares, \"theatre makes you learn a lot as an actor. But, it is equally important to be the part of small screen or films for character roles as theatre is a passion but, it is not a medium where you can rely for your living. Money is almost negligible in theatre.\" Ask him about sharing screen space with Akshay Kumar and he is all smiles, \"It was an awesome experience.\" And, he looks forward to have many more such stints on silver screen too!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12829426", "title": "Assault on boy: Report junks sodomy charge", "text": "GURGAON: A day after Gurgaon police lodged an FIR against four men for kidnapping a minor and sodomizing him in a moving car, the medical report has found that there is no internal or external injury on the victim's body to prove the assault.The boy's father, a resident of DLF-III, had lodged the case at Civil Lines police station on Saturday around 7.40pm.Confirming that the medical report does not establish sodomy, DCP (west) Rao Abhey Singh said, \"According to the medical report, the victim has no injury - internal or external. The surgeon's opinion has also mentioned that there is no sign of any attempt made to sodomize the boy. However, our teams are on the job to nab the accused. We are also investigating why the boy made such allegation. We have also sent the swab and blood samples for test.\"The complainant had submitted to the Civil Lines police that his 16-year-old son, a student of Class X, was kidnapped by four unidentified youth in an Alto car from outside his school in the Sector-14 area. He had told police that his son narrated the entire episode to him. The boy had said he was taken towards New Colony. The four men then allegedly sodomized him in the moving car. Later they threw him from the car just outside the school.The boy's father had said in the complaint that his son used to return home with a woman neighbour whose three children also study in the same school.However, on Saturday afternoon when the neighbour went to pick the children after school, his son did not turn up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12829674", "title": "Get ready to cough up more if you fly by IGI Airport", "text": "NEW DELHI: Passengers planning to fly in and out of Delhi \"or even transiting through IGI Airport \" after June 15 should brace themselves to shell out an extra amount anywhere between Rs 360 and Rs 1,400 as a new charge called user development fee (UDF).The Delhi International Airport Pvt Ltd (DIAL) has requested Airport Economic Regulatory Authority (AERA) to announce airport charge hike at IGI at the earliest and make the same applicable from June 15.\"We have requested for an early announcement of the tariff order and making it applicable from June 15. Apart from the financial losses we are suffering now, the other reason for this request is that people who are booking tickets to fly to, from or via Delhi after the date from which the new order would be applicable will have to line up to pay the new UDF at airport counters. So the earlier the order is announced, the new charge can be factored in by airlines and travel portals to avoid the hassle of lining up at IGI,\" said a DIAL official.AERA sources confirmed DIAL's request of having the hike in effect from June 15. We are planning to announce the order by this month-end. The date from which the same would be applicable will be in the order, said sources, while not ruling out a June 15 implementation date.DIAL had sought a 774% hike in airport charges payable by airlines (which will also going to be passed on to flyers through higher airfares), apart from introducing the new UDF on all flyers \"arriving, departing and even transiting\" in addition to the existing airport development fee of Rs 200 and Rs 1,300 charged only from outgoing domestic and international passengers, respectively. AERA had approved a 334% hike from April 1. But the delay in announcing and implementing new tariff order has meant the hike would be 360% or 370% if applicable from June 1 or 15, respectively.On an average, the new UDF that DIAL has proposed to charge is Rs 1,300-1,400 from international passengers; Rs 600 from domestic passengers; and Rs 800 and Rs 360 from transiting international and domestic flyers, respectively. However, these charges are as per the 774% hike sought by DIAL and would be scaled down proportionately to the final hike allowed by AERA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12830242", "title": "Gurgaon residents need to act, says green activist", "text": "GURGAON: Invariably, environmental assessment studies conducted in Gurgaon end on a dispiriting and sullen note. Beside the spectacular growth curve and scale of development recorded here, the city has always scored an \"F\" when it comes to any of the environmental categories. Water, air, and now noise pollution levels are on a rise and are reaching alarming levels. The tree cover throughout is diminishing, giving way to more concrete.And energy conservation, in this prominent industrial and commercial centre of the region, remains only a matter of appearances. So is all lost? Is there any way to reverse this?According to environmental activists, speaking to TOI on the occasion of Earth Day on Sunday, there is still hope, but only if residents are willing to act. \"We need action. Not by corporates and the administration and the government. The residents need to act, which they aren't doing,\" said Charu Jain, director and founder of Advit Foundation, an organization which has worked in the field of conservation and manages the Rajiv Gandhi Renewable Energy Park in Sector 29.Water availability in Gurgaon is scarce, and the new NCR water channel set up by the irrigation department will still take time before it begins supply. Experts say that if the city's occupancy increases by 20%, the water crisis will be esacerbated. \"People need to start harvesting rain water. And secondly, the administration needs to implement sewerage and waste disposal systems. Only then will things here get better,\" added Jain.Water pollution, and groundwater depletion are also pressing concerns, which can be sorted out only with proper planning. \"The lack of planning is the real problem,\" said Sanjay Kaushik of the city based NGO, Uthaan. He said that the city administration is not taking any concrete steps to adress the environmental issues facing us.Lack of awareness is another factor that needs addressing. Ravi Kalra of the Earth Saviours Foundation will be interacting with a group of corporates this week on the subject of sustainability. \"Negligence is there precisely because of lack a of awareness. This is as true for the government as it is for the rest of us,\" he said. One way out of the environmental mess would be if the corporate community chips in. \"The corporate sector has a lot to lose, and that's why they should be on the forefront. If more of them did that seriously, things would have been better,\" added Kalra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12831430", "title": "Effect of RTE Schools mull tuition fee hike", "text": "BANGALORE: Get ready for a hike in your school-going ward's tuition fee during the coming academic year. Unhappy over the Rs 10,000-Rs 12,000 reimbursementfor every child from economically weaker sections given admission under the RTE quota, private unaided schools are contemplating a hike in tuition fee.The reimbursement amount being offered by the state governmentfor educating the economically weaker section (EWS ) under RTE is turning out to be the prime concern among private schools in the city. With the annual reimbursement amo-unt expected to be pegged between Rs 10,000 and Rs 12,000 per child admitted on quota, schools in Bangalore - who have to implement RTE from this academic year - say this might most certainly lead to a fee hike in coming years, if not immediately.Schools say though are all for educating children from EWS , the reimbursement amount is just not enough to sustain the cost of educating those students and to maintain quality of service being provided by them.\"The sum being offered is nowhere near the amount that we end up spending on each child. The reimbursement might be on par with that spent in government schools, but is meagre for private players . In case the reimbursement amount is not increased ,theexpensewillhave to be borne by general category students,\" said Nigar Sulthana, principal, Cambridge Public School.Although most schools are yet to hike fees for the coming academic year, they do not deny the possibility of it happening in the coming future. \"We haven't increased tuition fee as yet; a decision will be made only in May. We don't want to burden parents. But if the reimbursement amount is not raised, there is bound to be a fee hike sooner or later,\" said Nigar.With speculation that the hike might be in the range of 15% to 20%, most schools are still clueless about their expenditure after the RTE quota implementation. They say if the fee is not hiked, quality of service being provided will have to be compromised .\"The amount is just not enough for institutions like Delhi Public School (DPS ). We spend Rs 3,000 to Rs 4,000 as tuition fee per child every month, leave alone what is incurred on extra co-curricular activities, transport and other heads. With the amount being reimbursed by the government, it will be very difficult for us to maintain standards. Moreover, now that we have decided not to hike fees this year, the burden will be on the school, which will affect quality of service,\" said Mansoor Ali Khan , member of the board of management, DPS.If the reimbursement amount is the same for highend schools as well,they won't be left with any other choice but to hike their fee. But another hurdle in their way will be if the parents will accept it or not,\" said KS Krishna Iyer, president, Karnataka Unaided Schools Management Association (Kusma ).SCHOOLS WANT FIXED SLABSSchools say there shouldn't be a set reimbursement amount for all and one. The government should fix the amount based on quality of service being provided by schools. \"We are in a fix right now. The only way out is to speak to the government and get it to increase the reimbursement amount. It cannot be the same for all schools as different institutions provide different kinds of services ,\" said Nigar Sulthana, principal, Cambridge Public School.Advocating the formulation of a fee committee to keep such conflicts at bay , KS Krishna Iyer , president , Karnataka Unaided Schools Management Association (Kusma ), said schools should presenttheir feestructure before the committee and ask for the desired reimbursement amount .Reimbursement amount to be sameClearing doubts over the reimbursement amount, G Kumar Naik, secretary, primary and secondary education, said the reimbursement amount will be the same for all schools. \"The amount will vary between Rs 10,000 and Rs 12,000 per child per year and will be the same for all. Weather a school follows state syllabus or any other, the slab remains the same,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12830997", "title": "Greens clean dirty pond on World Health Day", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Activists of environmental organization Green Planet Society undertook cleaning of Mahadwadi village pond to mark World Earth Day. The pond was in mess since a week after a mini-truck carrying edibles including eggs, snacks packets and noodles had overturned into it on April 15.Mahadwadi is a village along Chandrapur-Mul road. The village pond is located along state highway and since the accident, the area was stinking with foul smell of decaying edibles. \"All the eggs being carried in the mini-truck had broken during the accident and entire area was stinking since then. Thousands of packets of snacks and noodles had washed away into the pond. Soaked in water these edibles had rotten and polluted the pond,\" said Yogeshwar Dudhpachare of the society.Even as almost a week passed, nobody cared about bad condition of the pond. Even villagers and gram panchayat overlooked the pollution. The villagers of Mahadwadi wash their clothes and cattle in the pond and pollution of the water could have had adverse effect on their health. A volunteer of Green Planet Society happened to pass along the road couple of days back on motorbike and he saw the mess. He immediately reported to the office-bearers of society, who took serious cognizance of the issue.A team of volunteers of the society including Yogeshwar Dudhpachare, Dinesh Khate, Julfi Sheikh and Ashish Borgamwar reached Mahadwadi and took up two-day cleaning operation on Saturday and Sunday. \"It took entire day for cleaning the pond off the mess. Our volunteers treaded deep into pond and removed as many packets of edibles as possible,\" said Dudhpachare. He claimed that a lot of dead fishes were floating in the pond. However, he was uncertain whether pollution of pond was responsible their deaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12831574", "title": "UK honours Indian-origin scientists", "text": "LONDON: The designer of the Large Hadron Collider , a Bangalore-based biologist and a mathematician described as \"extremely original\" are among six Indian-origin scientists elected to the prestigious Fellowship of the Royal Society for 2012.The society, which was founded in 1660, has over the years awarded the fellowship to nearly 1,500 individuals, including Albert Einstein, Stephen Hawking and Isaac Newton. The six Indian-origin scientists are among 44 selected for 2012 and include Tejinder Singh Virdee, professor of Physics at Imperial College London , who is associated with CERN Large Hadron Collider.Others are: Banglaorebased Krishnaswamy Vijay-Raghavan of Tata Institute of Fundamental Research; mathematician Chandrashekhar Bhalchandra Khare of the University of California, Los Angeles; Mathukumalli Vidyasagar of the University of Texas at Dallas; Cambridge University's Shankar Balasubramanian and Varinder Kumar Aggarwal of Bristol University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12834963", "title": "Sonakshi could steal the show in Dabangg 2: Salman Khan", "text": "After films like Rowdy Rathore and Dabangg 2, Salman says Sonakshi Sinha is at a different level altogether.Sonakshi Sinha is arguably the only actress who has been repeated in a sequel. More often than not, we see the male leads being carried forward in sequels while the female counterparts are always new. However Rajjo is retained in Dabangg 2 and Salman Khan is all praise for her.\"In the first part she was somewhat inhibited. But in Dabangg 2 , she is killing it\", says Salman Khan. \"After films like Rowdy Rathore and Dabangg 2 , Sonakshi Sinha is on a different level altogether\".Sonakshi recently showed Salman trailers of Rowdy Rathore on the sets of Dabangg 2 and Salman was might impressed. \"She showed me the trailer of Rowdy Rathore twice and I told her I liked it very much. The romantic track and the action were done really well\".So will she steal the show in Dabangg 2 ? \"I hope she does. There is a lot of romance in the sequel. And you see Rajjo Pandey can do anything\", Salman signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12831477", "title": "Chiller plants made functional at Patna Junction", "text": "PATNA: The railways has made water chiller plants functional at Patna Junction and other important stations under Danapur division of East Central Railway (ECR) from April 1 in view of rising temperature.Danapur DRM L M Jha said these plants are catering to the needs of a large number of passengers. The railways has made available this facility at platform nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 at Patna Junction, he said.The DRM said about 2,000 litres of water is being supplied to passengers per hour from each booth of the plants. Three booths of the plants, comprising 24 taps, have been fitted on platform no. 1 while one booth each fitted with 10 taps are functioning on platform nos. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7, he said.According to Jha, the railways has decided to provide safe drinking cold water to passengers at each big and small station of the division during summer. It has also arranged for water coolers at other stations under the division. \"Special care is being taken that common passengers do not suffer from water scarcity at small and roadside stations during summer,\" the DRM said.Besides, hundreds of fans have been fitted in commuter trains as well as at other stations under the division. Railway employees, particularly of the air condition (AC) department, have been put on alert to check functioning of the AC coaches prior to departure of premier trains from Patna Junction, Rajendra Nagar Terminal and Danapur station. This would help the railways avoid last moment detachment of the AC coach due to any technical faults, he said.The division has set up a team of railway officials from electrical wing to carry on inspection of trains at all major stations under the divisionto check functioning of ACs, fans, lights and other amenities on running trains and railway platforms. This team would also ensure that fire-fighting potable equipment is available in each train, Jha said.Special directives have been given to the air condition department to keep a tab on the functioning of ACs at all computerized passenger reservation system (PRS) counters under the division to ensure its smooth functioning.According to sources, the railways has kept in readiness additional AC coaches under the division to meet the requirement of long-distance passengers in case of any emergency. The railways has also chalked out an action plan to improve the reliability and availability of AC coaches during summer, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12830858", "title": "Poor planning left 7 colleges short of assets", "text": "SHIMLA: Improper planning and monitoring by the director, higher education , has left seven colleges of Himachal Pradesh without their long awaited assets besides blocking Rs 25.07 crore for over six years with the public works department (PWD). The comptroller and auditor general (CAG) has slammed the education department for withdrawing the funds in advance.CAG report has pointed out that the state's financial rules stipulate that no money be withdrawn from the treasury unless it is required for immediate disbursement. It is also not permissible to draw advances from the treasury if the execution of works is likely to take considerable time.The report further stated that during 2004 to 2010, the director, higher education, withdrew Rs 25.07 crore for execution of works in seven government colleges and deposited it with PWD. These works were stipulated to be completed within a period of two or three years from the date of sanction.CAG observed that a scrutiny of records in the director's office in Shimla in September 2010 revealed that the works had not been started till March 2011 due to non-availability of land in three cases and non-finalization of drawings in two cases. In one case, permission was awaited from the town and country planning department and in another, the tender process had not been finalized.\"The director, higher education, stated that works had not been started due to the non-availability of sites and other unavoidable reasons,\" CAG report added. It also mentioned that audit findings were referred to the government in April 2011 and that reply had not been received till September 2011.Breaking up Rs 25.07 crore fund1. Rs 3.94 crore | Construction of arts block, RKMV, Shimla2. Rs 4.65 crore | For a building at Govt College, Nahan3. Rs 1.42 crore | Administrative, auditorium block of Govt College, Kullu4. Rs 3.35 crore | Construction of indoor stadium, Govt College, Hamirpur5. Rs 1.01 crore | For raising a building in Govt College, Jaisinghpur6. Rs 5 crore | Construction of building in Govt College, Tissa7. Rs 5.70 crore | For a building in Govt College, Salooni", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12837156", "title": "Kajal helps sister Nisha", "text": "Actor Kajal Aggarwal, who is a name to reckon with in the Tollywood movie industry, has now taken it upon herself to help little sister Nisha in her filmi career.Post the release of the movie \"Solo\", Nisha has not signed a single Telugu film. The only movie in her kitty is the Tamil flick, \"Ishtam\" which is a remake of \"Yemaindi Ee Vela\".Buzz has it that the producers and directors were pretty miffed with Nisha demanding a huge pay packed, on the same lines as sister Kajal. Hence, many have kept away.Meanwhile elder sister Kajal is scouting for roles in Bollywood for Nisha and is said to be planning her next career move carefully.Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12829360", "title": "Trinamool ministers sidestep Mullick's hate-fatwa", "text": "KOLKATA: Though state food minister Jyotipriya Mullick claimed his hate-CPM fatwa has the backing of his party, Trinamool Congress leaders are consciously trying to avoid the issue, giving clear indication that the party is keen to disassociate itself from Mullick's statement.The closest any party leader came to broach the topic was mayor Sovan Chatterjee, who advised Trinamool supporters to mingle with CPM supporters only after gauging them properly. Chatterjee, however, didn't ask supporters to stop mingling - or speaking - to CPM. The mayor, along with state industries minister Partha Chatterjee, was speaking in a party conference in Behala college ground on Sunday.It is believed by a hard-line section of the party that the root cause for all the criticism directed against the government is being triggered by CPM supporters who've now joined the Trinamool. They are the one who is tipping media on minor flaws and the resultant media coverage is overshadowing even the good work of the government. This, some leaders argued, triggered the fall of the Congress government in 1977. Mullick, sources indicated, embodies this hard-line stance which isn't necessarily the party's stand.The industries minister, urban development minister Firad Hakim and Tamluk MP Subhendu Adhikari urged the party supporters to talk to the people about the good work done by the government. \"A party is as good as its organization. Even during the Singur agitation, the media were not with us - people were,\" said Chatterjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12829399", "title": "Karunya university to start new course in English", "text": "COIMBATORE: An MA English language course with emphasis on linguistics will be started at the Karunya University from the ensuing academic year. The new course is aimed to meet the increasing demand for language experts in the corporate sector. \"Language experts who specialize in specific language skills are in high demand.We designed the course catering to these needs,\" said J Sundarsingh, the head of the department of English. According to Sundarsingh, the curriculum will be practical oriented. \"Fifty percent of the curriculum will be practical. The students will undergo training at the language lab and also be trained in presenting papers and teaching,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12829220", "title": "Talks fail, Orthodox faction marches to Piravom church", "text": "KOCHI: As the mediation talks by district collector on Sunday also failed to make any headway, the Orthodox church organized a march to Piravom Valiyapally. The march was to protest against the failure of the state government to keep the promise that it would facilitate for the church to organize a ceremony to declare cathedral status to Piravom Valiyapally.Tension had been prevailing between Jacobites and Orthodox factions over conducting ceremonies to declare Piravom Valiyapally as a cathedral. Following the decision of the Synad to give cathedral status to Piravom Valiyapally, the Jacobite Church had organized a ceremony to declare about the elevation of the church. Considering the chances of clash between Orthodox and Jacobite factions over the ownership of the church, the collector convened mediation talks. In the meeting, it was decided to organize two separate ceremonies by both the factions.Those belonging to Jacobites Church were allowed to conduct the function on April 15 while the Orthodox church was to conduct the ceremony on April 21. Both the parties entered into a written agreement in this regard. Following it, the Jacobite faction organized the ceremony on April 15 without. But when the Orthodox faction made arrangements for the function, which was scheduled to be held on April 21, the rivals opposed it.According to the Orthodox Church leaders, around 1,000 believers took part in the march on Sunday. As police stopped the protesters from entering the church premises, they sat in front of the church to register their protest.The district administration will hold another round of reconciliation talks on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12831766", "title": "New member of Russell Group", "text": "Queen Mary, University of London, has been invited to become a member of the Russell Group of universities , with effect from August 2012. Queen Mary (QM) will join the group alongside fellow new members, the universities of Durham, York and Exeter.Simon Gaskell, principal of QM, said: \"The invitation to join the Russell Group acknowledges our quality and status as a research intensive university and it is through our ongoing, much-valued relationships with countries such as India that we will continue to flourish and succeed in our endeavours to be among the top 10 such universities in the UK.\"The Russell Group, established in 1994, is a collaboration of UK universities that together receive two-thirds of research grant in the UK. It is sometimes referred to as the British equivalent to the Ivy League in the US. One of the key objectives of the group is to lead the UK's research effort. \"The stature of QM as a centre of broadly-based research excellence has in recent years risen dramatically. It came 11in the 2008 Research Assessment Exercise (from 48in the previous 2001 RAE),\" said Alexandra Fernandes , deputy head of communications .Currently around 255 students from India are studying in QM across a range of courses at both UG and PG level. Over 120 nationalities are represented on campus - with around 30% of the students coming from overseas. A range of scholarships are on offer for international students . \"Our scholarships recognise the significant investment that Indian students make when they choose to come and study with us.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12829470", "title": "Confusion over surrender policy forces Maoists to regroup", "text": "KOLKATA: Ever since the Mamata Banerjee government has announced rehabilitation package for the Maoists in its bid to bring them back to mainstream, questions are doing the rounds on who, among them, should be considered. Should it be the Maoists, who genuinely want to return to mainstream, or the hand-picked renegades, who have now taken side with the Trinamool Congress.Days before Mamata Banerjee's Lalgarh visit, more than a dozen of Jangalmahal youths, identified as Maoists in police records, have questioned the neutrality of the police in their attempt to restore peace in the hitherto trouble-torn zone. They alleged that the police have so far turned a deaf ear to their repeated pleas to help them return to the mainstream. The confusion over surrender is reportedly encouraging the red brigade members to regroup. Taking advantage of the situation, senior Maoist leaders have once again become active in Bengal, sources said.At least 17 rebels, including a zonal commander of People's Liberation Guerrilla Army (PLGA) in West Midnapore, offered to surrender in the aftermath of the encounter death of Maoist politburo member Koteswar Rao alias Kishanji at Burisole forest near Lalgarh on November 24. They got in touch with the members of anti-Maoist forums (who were once a part of the rebel brigade) and communicated to the government officials their intention to surrender. The police administration insisted that they should surrender only after laying down their arms. This was because only a few arms have been deposited by the surrendered Maoists. Following this, the rebels brought 20 fire arms, including three sophisticated arms, as a precondition for their surrender. Even after this, the state administration reportedly turned down their offer and is allegedly planning to show them as arrested. \"I have no idea about it,\" said state DGP Naparajit Mukherjee. But other senior officers admitted the fact. One of them claimed a tug of war between state police and central forces behind the mess.Police sources pointed out that the state is not keen to show them surrendered as they want to avoid financial responsibility. Is it because the police are under pressure to offer \"surrender benefits\" to the selected few in Jangalmahal who were small-time PCPA activists and backed Trinamool before Assembly polls? A section of them even helped police to track down some top Maoist operatives in Jangalmahal. Prabir Gorai is among them, who was seen in front of Mamata Banerjee, during the flashy 'surrender' of wanted Maoist guerrilla Suchitra Mahato at Writers. Garai claimed that she is the husband of Mahato.\"Garai was never a part of the Jangalmahal movement. He tried to get entry in the movement, but was soon ousted as we realized that he was working for police. Later he joined Trinamool and trapped Suchitra Mahato. He has been awarded with rehabilitation package,\" said a rebel youth at Badarboni village of Jhargram who went to CRPF 184 battalion headquarters at Jhargram in January this year along with 16 other rebels. \"We have deposited arms, ammunition before state administration through CRPF in February this year. But still no progress,\" said another rebel youth, a resident of Pachami village of Jhargram.The rebel youths, who want to return to the mainstream with government-aided programme, are now scared. \"Noticing our fate, several other youths refused to leave rebel politics and now they have started regrouping with new recruits in Jangalmahal. Now our life is at stake,\" said another youth at Dhanghori village who confirmed that nearly three months back, they managed to communicate with Maoist leader Mansaram Hembram alias Bikash and his wife Tara. \"They initially assured us to think about the surrender proposal. But the uncertainty over the issue demoralized them and they once again turned active for the rebel brigade. Now, they are out of our grip,\" said another rebel youth from Nalboni village of Jamboni block.Senior officer of state intelligence branch also admitted that they have received the surrender offer of 17 wanted Maoist cadres but home department is yet to take decision. The IB officers also conceded that Bikash, Tara and Maoist state secretary Akash are again active in the organization. \"Another Maoist leader Madan Mahato has already recruited some fresh faces and is regularly organizing meetings at the villages of Belpahari, bordering Jharkhand,\" said the IB officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12830023", "title": "\u2018Gurgaon dying in its own trash, residents must make first move: US environmental engineer", "text": "GURGAON: Twenty-four-year-old Troy Ansley came to India with a vision to save nature and promote greenery starting from Gurgaon. Troy, an environmental engineer from Florida, USA, is working on several projects in conjunction with the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA). He is here to guide them through the methods of preserving, maintaining and increasing the greenery and arresting depletion of groundwater.\"Why do people need someone like me to do the work? Why can't they take the initiatives themselves? Why does the initiative have to be taken by HUDA or the builder and not the residents?\" he asked.The projects he is currently working on include saving groundwater, reusing water, capturing rainwater to recharge groundwater and using rainwater for landscaping areas.After graduating in Environmental Engineering at the University of Central Florida Troy has been travelling to different countries and working on several projects to save the environment and understand different ecosystems. He has travelled across Jordan to study and obtain a Permaculture Design Certification. He has worked on projects in rural desert communities located in the south Dead Sea valley and also travelled all over New Zealand, paying attention to the native ecosystems and agro-forestry practices.Taking to TOI about his ongoing work in the city, Troy said that he was busy laying the groundwork and preparing the city for saving rainwater before the monsoons set in. \"I am working at the biodiversity park these days. Contours are being formed, and swales and slopes are being created in the biodiversity park so that rainwater is conserved and landscapes are created in the rocky terrain of the Aravalis. At present, berms have been set up and semi-permeable dams created to hold water in the Aravalis which would help recharge the groundwater,\" he said.Troy is working voluntarily with HUDA, which is providing him the machinery and staff to work on the designed projects. He is also insisting on educating people about the disaster they could face in a few years if no steps were taken to save nature.As per the plan, the rainwater through these units would be preserved in order to maintain the groundwater level. Troy will design the structures as per the feasibility in these sectors which are to be prepared in the next two weeks.Troy has been in the city on a three-month visa and has less than a month left before it expires. However, it is learnt that the HUDA administrator is keen on getting his visa extended.Apart from laying the groundwork, he spent the past two months understanding the seven layers of nature. The seven-layer system comprises (i) canopy layer of the fruit trees, (ii) low-tree layer of smaller nut and fruit trees on dwarfing root stocks, (iii) shrub layer of bushes, (iv) herbaceous layer of herbs, (v) ground cover layer of plants that spread horizontally, (vi) underground dimension of plants grown for their roots and tubers, and (vii) vertical layer of vines and climbers.After working in the biodiversity park for a few weeks, he realized that the plantation had been done without planning which in turn had led to an increase in the mortality rate. He said, \"One has to understand the ecosystem before doing the plantation. One has to concentrate on planting a forest rather than planting a tree. Nature takes care of itself, one has to only plant the grass around the trees which holds water and allows it to go to the root level. The plantation here is done without any planning and without an understanding of the ecosystem.\"\"Even the parks in the city are created horribly without any planning and understanding,\" he added.Troy also explained how to take measures to save nature in the Millennium City, which is \"dying in its own trash\".\"The residents have to adopt three rules for preserving rainwater - slowing it, spreading it and then sinking it,\" said Troy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12830849", "title": "Snoring does not mean deep sleep", "text": "NAGPUR: In Indian society snoring is considered to be a sign of deep and sound sleep. But unfortunately it is just the reverse. A person snores due to blocking of his/her air pathway, which can prove to be extremely dangerous to a person as it can even cause heart attack while asleep.Many such less known facts were revealed on Sunday at an interactive session on 'management of sleep apnea' organized by Neeti Clinics run by ENT surgeon Dr Madan Kapre. Two talks on the subject were delivered by Dr Magne Tvinnereim from Norway and Dr Kapre, who is setting up the first sleep disorder hospital to offer surgical treatment in city.Mohan Nair, CEO of 'Eurosleep-Asia', a network of hospitals offering surgical intervention as a cure for sleep apnea also spoke on the occasion. The speakers saw sleep disorder as a growing epidemic.The sessions were chaired by Dr Devendra Mahore, ENT head at government medical college Miraj, and Dr Sanjeev Golhar, private ENT surgeon.Don't waste sleep over itThe surgical procedure to remove the airway obstruction in snorers and patients with Obstructive Sleep Apnea disorder has many advantages:Outpatient surgery with short operating timeMinimized post-operative pain due to use of modern plasma surgery and radio-frequency therapyFast recoveryBack at work typically on the next daySome patients may however require re-surgery after a year", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12830672", "title": "Mob protesting against slum dwellers stops train", "text": "A WR local was stopped for 40 minutes by a mob of residents near the Jawahar Nagar level-crossing at Goregaon on Saturday. RPF officials said the mob was protesting against slum dwellers encroaching on railway property near their apartments. The RPF lodged a case against unidentified persons under Section 174 (A) of the Railways Act. The protest took place around 10.40 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12830373", "title": "Another price revision awaits CNG users in south Gujarat", "text": "SURAT: Gas consumers in south Gujarat, including those from the diamond city, are bracing up for another revision in prices of compressed natural gas (CNG) by this month-end. CNG prices could touch Rs 50 per kg from the current Rs.44.95 per kg.Rise in CNG prices would be due to the spurt in spot LNG prices. Gujarat Gas Company Ltd (GGCL), which operates in the markets of Surat, Bharuch and Ankleshwar, may not be able to hold prices for a longer period due to the continuous rise in LNG prices in the international market, an oil and gas expert said. This month CNG prices in other cities of Gujarat touched Rs 50 per kg mark with the city gas distributors (CGDs) like GSPC Gas, Adani Gas and Sabarmati Gas revising prices by Rs 5 per kg from April 1 to April 10. However, the gas consumers in Surat, Bharuch and Ankleshwar are still paying less at Rs.44.95 per kg compared to their counterparts in other centres.There is some more bad news from LNG sector. Petronet LNG Ltd (PLL), the country's largest LNG import terminal based in Dahej, which supplies imported gas to GSPC Gas, GGCL, Adani Gas and other CGDs in the state, has projected about 26% rise in prices in the next one year.Since most of the CNG requirement in the state is met by procuring imported gas from PLL following less supply from domestic gas fields, prices of CNG could further go up in the next one year.\"The markets of Surat, Bharuch and Ankleshwar are still at the lower side when it comes to CNG prices. But the CGD will not be able to hold the price any longer. CGDs would pass on any hike in gas prices to the consumers,\" the oil and gas expert added.\"It is natural for CGD companies to pass on any hike in gas prices to consumers. If PLL gas prices go up by 26% during the year, end-users will also have to bear a similar hike or may be more,\" he said.The oil and gas expert said that the spot LNG price is currently ruling at $16-18 per million metric British thermal units (MMBTU) as against domestic gas, which is priced at $4.20-5.75 per MMBTU. CNG prices in the state could come down by 20-30% if the state is able to get domestic gas.GGCL officials were not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12830476", "title": "Family anxiously waits for Boston boy's body", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The body of Boston University management student Kangala Seshadri Rao was taken from Boston to New York, his father Sudhakar Rao said here on Sunday.\"I am hopeful that all official formalities should be complete by Monday and the body would be sent to India so that it reaches here by Wednesday,\" the bereaved father told TOI. \"I want an early funeral of my son for the eternal peace of his soul,\" said Sudhakar, who works in a bank in Jeypore town. He said the family wants to complete Seshadri's last rites in Puri.The 24-year-old, who was doing MBA in mathematical finance at Boston University School of Management, was found shot dead outside his Allston Street accommodation near the university campus.\"After that I have to help my wife Bijaylaxmi and younger son survive this tragic loss,\" he said. Notably, Sudhakar's second son K Sandeep Rao, who is a student of National Institute of Science Education and Research (NISER) in Bhubaneswar, has been appearing his semester examination these days.Sudhakar said the Indian government should do more to ensure safety of Indian citizens studying abroad. \"As an individual, I can't do much other than learn to live with the hard reality. The government should take steps to ensure safety for its people.\"The aggrieved father said the Indian embassy told him it would try to book an afternoon flight either to Delhi or Mumbai depending on the time when the procedural works are over, and the availability of flight.Sudhakar said in a country like America, where intelligence gathering is supposed to be faster, it is deplorable that no significant headway has been made even after four days of the killing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12829066", "title": "Retired professor dies in road mishap", "text": "KANPUR: A retired professor of PPN Degree College, who was injured when an unidentified vehicle collided with his two-wheeler near Lakhanpur on Saturday, died at the hospital during treatment on Sunday morning.Mahesh Chandra Saxena (75) was a resident of Sharda Nagar, Kalyanpur. Police said when Saxena was on his way back from CSMU in the evening on Saturday, an unidentified vehicle collided with his two-wheeler from the backside. The impact was so severe that Saxena fell on the road and sustained serious injuries.The locals rushed him to a private hospital in a critical state. Police have lodged an FIR against the unknown vehicle driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12830440", "title": "Engineer dies in mishap near Barabati", "text": "CUTTACK: A junior engineer of the water supply department died in an accident on Saturday night after his motorcycle rammed into a barricade installed for IPL matches near the Barabati Stadium. The deceased, Sanjay Behera, (30) was returning from work when the accident took place at around 10 pm near Cantonment Road. \"He could not possibly see the barricade in darkness and rammed into it,\" said a family member of the deceased. Behera's colleagues have alleged that the barricade was put up in a wrong way in the middle of the road and even no flash lights were kept near it to alert commuters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12834134", "title": "Jiiva wanted Mirchi Shiva replaced?", "text": "Ahmad, who is directing Endrendrum Punnagai, with Jiiva and Trisha in the lead, has made a change in the star cast. Well, the lead pair remains the same but Mirchi Shiva has been replaced, wag the tongues in Kollywood.Though the reason for Mirchi Shiva's ouster is not known yet, sources say that the offer has landed in Siva Karthikeyan's court. The buzz that is doing rounds is that Jiiva is not too happy with Mirchi Shiva onboard Endrendrum Punnagai and when he conveyed this to director Ahmad, he immediately agreed to the replacement.The shooting of this film will begin soon after Nee Thaane En Pon Vasantham is wrapped up, is the additional info we have.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12830237", "title": "'Jnanamandal' to go 'modern'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Jnanamandal Foundation, publisher of 'Jnanamandal', the first encyclopedia in Odia language, is working on developing a 30 volume 'Modern Odia Encyclopedia'. The book will be distributed in all schools and colleges across the state.\"This will be an updated version of 'Jnanamandal' in which we will add new developments in language and other issues over the years. Each volume of the book will have 1,000 pages,\" said Pabak Kanungo, secretary of Jnanamandal Foundation.An estimated Rs 5 crore will be spent on the book, to be completed by 2015. \"The state government has sanctioned Rs 2 crore for the project and we have urged the Centre for further help,\" said Kanungo at a seminar on 'Encyclopedia Making' recently, on the occasion of the birth centenary celebration of Binod Kanungo, noted Gandhian and the maker of Odia encyclopedia.Jnanamandal Foundation, which had earlier published 41 volumes of 'Jnanamandal', is working on 19 volumes of the new book to be released by 2012, the birth centenary year of founder Binod Kanungo. The foundation had also published an encyclopedia exclusively on mammals and 'Tarun Jnanamandal', an Odia encyclopedia especially for children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12831284", "title": "Medicos to strike work from today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: More than 2000 post-graduate doctors, house surgeons and senior residents of five state government-run medical colleges will boycott work indefinitely from Monday. The boycott is to protest the government's refusal to withdraw its decision to impose three year compulsory bonded rural service for post graduate students.The strike would severely affect the functioning of five government medical college hospitals, as 70% of the work in each hospital depends on the striking medicos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12829621", "title": "Less than 1% Indians know cardiopulmonary resuscitation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indians are far behind in the global surge to learn cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) - a combination of rescue breathing and chest compressions delivered to victims of cardiac arrest.While several countries across the world are training the common man - in schools, colleges and even work places -- about chest compressions or CPR to save sudden cardiac victims from dying, the World Heart Federation ( WHF) says less than 1% Indians would presently know how to carry out a CPR.The revelation is stark since 7.5 lakh people die of sudden cardiac arrests every year in India with over 80% of these emergencies occurring outside a hospital setting. On average, a victim begins to suffer irreversible brain damage four minutes after the cardiac arrest takes place and if no CPR is administered.For every minute that a cardiac arrest victim does not receive CPR, his chances of survival drops by 10%. An effective CPR from a bystander can double a victim's chances of surviving a cardiac arrest.Speaking to TOI, Dr K Srinath Reddy, the new president of the World Heart Federation, said, \"Less than 1% Indians would know how to carry out a CPR. What's worse, even medical students in India aren't adequately trained in the correct technique of performing CPR. Most of them learn on the ground during internship if they have to revive a cardiac arrest patient.\"Even families of patients in India don't know what a CPR is and view it suspiciously when performed by doctors. Take the example of the incident that occurred in Lok Nayak Jai Prakash Hospital on Saturday night. A team of six doctors were assaulted when they were performing cardiopulmonary cerebral resuscitation to save a 16-year-old girl's life. The procedure involved pressing down hard and rapidly on the chest and blowing into the patient's mouth.Several of the city's top cardiologists and cardiac surgeons from the most popular hospitals told TOI that they are ready to teach common people on how to carry out a CPR.Chairman of Medanta Medicity and cardiac surgeon Naresh Trehan told TOI that his hospital would be glad to teach common people the art of CPR. \"If Resident Welfare Associations of Delhi put together teams of 30-40 people, we can teach them CPR in a few hours with demonstrations and hands-on experience for free,\" Trehan said.Trehan added, \"CPR is invaluable. If a person receives CPR within five minutes of collapsing, his or her chances of survival without any effect to the brain are 70%. If there is nobody around who knows CPR, chances of the person's survival are just 30%. Therefore, it will do tremendous good if students are taught CPR.\"The American Heart Association's (AHA) latest advisory says that all high school students should be trained in CPR.Dr Ashok Seth, chairman of Escorts Heart Centre, said students would be more willing to come forward and help if they see someone collapsing but will also feel good about saving lives without being a doctor.\"We have an AHA acreditated life support programme that goes to crowded places to teach general public ways of delivering emergency life support and CPR. We would be happy to send our teams to schools and colleges to teach students CPR if the school authorities agree,\" Dr Seth said.Dr Sujay Shad, cardiac surgeon at Sir Gangaram Hospital, said the brain begins to experience non-reversible damage only two minutes after the heart stops beating. \"Simply put, the sooner blood is forced through the body by means of chest compressions, the better the chance of survival. Unless you are trained in this simple but critical skill, there is little you can do. An arrest can occur after a heart attack.\"In such case, the victim still has ample air in the lungs and blood, and chest compressions keep blood flowing to the brain, heart and other organs. Bystander CPR has made a huge difference in the West in helping cardiac arrest patients,\" Dr Shad added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12829378", "title": "Chidambaram visits family of slain Congress worker in city", "text": "COIMBATORE: A day after Tirunelveli native and Sukma district collector Alex Paul Menon was abducted by Maoists in Chattisgarh, Union home minister P Chidambaram visited the relatives of a youth Congress worker who was recently murdered after he intervened in a drunken brawl involving his neighbours on April 8 near Singanallur .He also visited the residence of another Congress functionary near Kottaimedu in Ukkadam before he left for a function in Erode district to unveil statues of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi and Swami Vivekananda at a private polytechnic college. The minister however kept a distance from the media and remained silent on the Chattisgarh abduction incident.\"Our leader came here to attend a function in Erode and also visit our local level party workers and their families. He later flew back to New Delhi in the afternoon. He also asked the local leaders to ensure justice to the family members of our youth congress worker Karthikeyan who was recently murdered,\" said RS Thirumugam, Indian National Congress leader.The Union Minister arrived in the city early Sunday morning by train. He arrived at the residence of slain youth congress functionary at around 9 am and spent nearly 20 minutes at his residence in NKG Nagar. Chidambaram also interacted with the family members of N Karthikeyan (32) and assured them that the party will back them up in any crisis in the future. Karthikeyan was stabbed to death when he tried to intervene and pacify the family members of his neighbour who were reportedly creating a ruckus in an inebriated state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12829349", "title": "Rheumatic heart disease on the rise in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Incidence of rheumatic heart disease (RHD) - a chronic heart condition caused by rheumatic fever -- is much higher in India than what is presently believed.Just months after TOI reported how RHD among Indian children could be 20 times more than what is believed, a study presented at the World Congress of Cardiology in Dubai on Saturday said RHD is significantly under-treated in India.The study conducted by South African researchers found that only 36% of patients with moderate or severe disease and only 20% of those that have undergone valve replacement surgery in India and Africa are receiving secondary prophylaxis with penicillin. Only 41% of patients enrolled in the study had received surgery.A study conducted by AIIMS in and around Delhi to see prevalence of RHD among children in northern India had earlier found prevalence of 20.4/1000 school children as against 1 per 1000 children earlier believed.RHD was twice as prevalent among children aged 11-15 years (prevalence of 26.5 per 1000 children) compared to children aged 5-10 years (12.6 per 1000 children). Girls had a higher prevalence of RHD (27.9/1000 girls) compared to boys (13.3/1000 boys).The study said though RHD was thought to be on the decline in India because of improving standards of living, the estimated prevalence of echocardiograpically detected RHD in India was comparable to those measured in Mozambique (21.5 cases per 1000).Dr K Srinath Reddy, the new president of the World Heart Federation told TOI from Dubai, \"RHD is a priority for us now and can't be neglected anymore. Though India feels it has managed to control RHD, the prevalence of the disease is still high in states like Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. Penicillin is the most basic requirement to treat RHD but most pharmaceutical companies aren't making them anymore leading to its shortage.\"Dr Liesl Zuklhe from Red Cross Children's Hospital, University of Cape Town, said, \"Across Africa and India, it is widely known by cardiologists that many patients with RHD do not have access to the healthcare treatment they need. These results unfortunately show that even those that are being treated are not receiving the care they need, for a variety of reasons, These preliminary results are the first step in really understanding the extent of the problems that the RHD community are facing.\"These data represent the first findings from the RHD global registry (REMEDY), which is currently ongoing in almost 30 centres in Africa, Middle East and India.Five hundred and seventy-nine patients from 10 sites in Africa and India were enrolled in the REMEDY study during the first 10-month pilot period as part of a global effort to better understand the situation today.RHD is a chronic heart condition caused by rheumatic fever that can be prevented and controlled. Rheumatic fever is caused by a preceding group A streptococcal (strep) throat infection. Treating strep throat with antibiotics can prevent rheumatic fever. Moreover, regular antibiotics (usually by injections every three to four weeks) can prevent patients with rheumatic fever from contracting further strep infections and causing progression of valve damage.RHD is a substantial global health problem that can result in irreversible heart damage and death. It occurs predominately in developing countries and is also common in poorer populations in middle-income countries (Brazil, India) and some indigenous populations in wealthy countries (Australia, New Zealand). RHD will continue to be a global problem unless current prevention initiatives are expanded and sustained.Previous estimates state that more than 15 million people have RHD and that 350,000 people die each year while many more are left disabled.Dr Anita Saxena from AIIMS said RHD can cause chronic heart valve damage which can eventually lead to heart failure. She said in case of an RHD, two valves of the heart among the four get affected. The mitrial valve is the commonest sufferer. \"Echocardiographic screening for RHD must be done more rigorously,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12828782", "title": "1100 rural students visit city's historic spots", "text": "GUWAHATI: Around 1,100 students from 14 rural districts of Assam are visiting various historic spots and leading educational and scientific institutions in Guwahati under the chief minister's annual Gyanjyoti Programme, which organizes students' visit to important spots of the city. Students from Karimganj, Udalguri, Baska, Darrang, Dhubri, Nalbari, Jorhat, Cachar, Hailakandi, Chirrang, Barpeta, Bongaigaon, Goalpara and Kokrajhar are touring the city. The district administration has made all arrangements of accommodation for the students at Sarusajai Sports Complex from Saturday to Tuesday.For many school kids from far flung villages of the state this is their first visit to Guwahati. A student from lower Assam's Dhubri district bordering Bangladesh said: \"We had only heard about Guwahati from our parents and teachers and read about the city in textbooks. It's a great opportunity to travel all the way from Dhubri to the northeast's biggest city.\"Additional DC of Kamrup (Metro) Dhrubajyoti Das said: \"We are taking them to IIT-Guwahati, Srimanta Sankardev Kalakshetra, Science Museum at Khanapara, the planetarium, Assam secretariat, state zoo and Accoland, the amusement park on the outskirts of the city. \"\"The students will take part in quiz competition on Sunday, but the most important part of this trip is to take these students for sightseeing. The district administration will take them to leading educational institutions. We hope after seeing such centres of excellence they will strive to excel in their studies,\" said an official of the Kamrup (Metro) district administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12831878", "title": "When countries trade with each other, they don\u2019t let differences come in: Adi Godrej", "text": "Adi Godrej, chairman of Godrej Group and president of CII, is optimistic about a sharp increase in trade between India and Pakistan. Godrej, who will lead a delegation of Indian businessmen to Lahore, tells Dipti Jain the growing interaction between businessmen of the two neighbours will also help repair political ties and improvement in trade ties will be beneficial for all of South Asia . Excerpts from the interviewHow do you see the trade normalization process between India and Pakistan? Do you expect relations between the two countries to improve?India-Pakistan trade ties will hopefully be a breakthrough . I am leading a delegation to Pakistan early May and I'll lead another delegation to Bangladesh also in May. So these are our two big neighbours . All three countries are among the largest by population in the world. We are hoping and expecting that both our trade and investment relations with these two countries improve, especially with Pakistan.What will be your agenda for the Pakistan trip?Our agenda is clearly to increase trade and investment both ways, and increase considerably .What are the major hurdles in increasing trade between the two countries?Think of it this way, if we can establish very strong trade and investment relations with each other, then all other impediments will slowly vanish. And hopefully, that will happen very soon. When two countries trade with each other a lot then they don't let other differences come in. That provides us with an opportunity to improve our overall relations with Pakistan. The delegation to Pakistan will be meeting the business and political leadership there, so there is a fair amount of exchange that has already started.With the strengthening of trade ties, do you see business leaders from both sides exploring joint ventures as well?I think we are talking of trade improvement, which in turn will ensure investments. This will obviously lead to joint ventures. Both countries must look for free trade for all products. Hopefully the opening of trade will come soon. For us, it is earlier the better. With reforms in India such as multi-brand retail coming in, business sentiments will of course improve. Every such opening feeds on itself and India will be more open.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12834162", "title": "I had to fight with my conscience: Unnatii", "text": "It took Unnatii Davara, Miss India Earth 2010, all of Saturday afternoon to get over her fear.The actor, for the first time in her filmi career, was all set to shoot a love-making scene with Sudip Mukherjee for Agnidev Chatterjee's \" Teen Kanya\".\"I had never shot such a scene before and obviously then, I was a tad uncomfortable. But I fought with my conscience and told myself: 'Unnatii, you better drop your inhibitions as this is all about acting! And you need to give your best shot',\" says the actor, adding that Agnidev too was worried. \"The director was a little jittery about how I would perform as such scenes need to look natural. But with Sudipda's co-operation and Agnida's support, I could pull it off well,\" says Unnatii.The sequence turned out to be satisfying for both the actor and the unit. Says Agnidev, \"Though Unnatii is a confident girl, she was a li'l jittery before the love-making scene. But after the first few takes when she checked the monitor and realized that it has been shot aesthetically, she was game.\"Apart from this, the director also shot another sensuous scene with Rituparna and Sudip. \"That too went off really well,\" informs the director.Prod Agnidev more on the two intimate scenes and all he agrees to divulge is, \"Rituparna and Sudip play a couple in \"TK\". Why and how Unnatii gets involved with Sudip is something I'm not going to reveal now. Both the scenes are a turning point of the film,\" says Agnidev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12831263", "title": "Bangalore woman delivers baby on road, dies", "text": "BANGALORE: Denting the city's aspirations of emerging as a global medical tourism hub, a woman delivered a baby boy on a busy road and bled to death after she could not avail of timely medical help, at Kamalanagar in west Bangalore on Sunday.The newborn is battling for life in Vani Vilas Hospital. The pregnant woman, believed to be in her mid-20s, appeared before a provisional shop on the Shakti Ganapati Temple Road, Kamalanagar, around 9.30am. She was accompanied by a boy and a girl, both less than four years of age. As the woman went into labour, the shopkeeper asked her if he could help her.As the two children got her some water from the shopkeeper and tried to keep curious onlookers at bay, the woman picked up the newborn and started walking on the road, and then collapsed. Passersby rushed the unconscious woman to Ashok Hospital where doctors cut the umbilical cord of the newborn.The doctors said the woman's condition was serious and sent her to Vani Vilas Hospital, but she breathed her last before she reached the hospital, where doctors put the baby into the neo-natal intensive care unit. The two children accompanying the woman, meanwhile, were lost. Locals said she was Poornima, a resident of the area. She was living with her sister after her husband abandoned her. However, police did not confirm this.Meanwhile, doctors said the newborn is in an incubator. Every baby should be kept warm and covered after birth, they pointed out. The lack of that has led to a sudden drop in his body temperature, resulting in plummeting pulse rate as well, they added. Hospital medical superintendent Some Gowda said a newborn's first few hours are crucial but in this case everything went wrong. \"The situation in which he was born wasn't ideal. No sanitary precautions were taken. He was taken to a park later and we suspect this led to infection,\" he said.\"The baby is in a critical condition and it is too early to say anything. A few hours after he was brought here, he suffered a bout of fits. We are finding it really difficult because there is no medical background on his mother. For a blood test or anything else, none of his blood relatives are around. As of now, we are trying to keep him stable,\" the doctors said.CALL 108 FOR HELPExperts believe the woman who died after giving birth to a baby boy on a pavement could have been saved if passersby had called 108 ambulance services.\"There is no dearth of healthcare facilities and shelters that take care of women in distress. We have services like 'short-stay' homes run by Karnataka State Social Welfare Association Board in association with the Central Social Welfare Board. We also have centres like 'Swadhar' and a very prompt ambulance service, '108'. Citizens who noticed the woman struggling should have called 108 and she could have been saved,\" said Nina P Nayak, chairperson, Karnataka State Commission for Protection of Child Rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12830956", "title": "Spice Jet Kolkata-Mumbai flight makes emergency landing", "text": "Spice Jet Kolkata-Mumbai flight carrying 211 passengers made an emergency landing at Nagpur airport on Sunday morning following a technical snag. The flight had left Kolkata at 9 am. The commander detected a technical snag in one of the engines while flying over Nagpur. He sought permission to land in city and did so at about 10.15 am. A senior Spice Jet official said a special plane was brought from Delhi and it took all 211 passengers to Mumbai at about 3 pm. They were served breakfast and lunch at airport. The affected Boeing-737 was grounded at city airport pending repairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12829532", "title": "NCC cadets to get quota in professional courses", "text": "BHOPAL: State technical education department has decided to provide reservation to the students of National Cadet Corps (NCC) taking admission in engineering, pharmacy and polytechnic from the next session.Confirming the decision, director technical education department, Arun Nahar said this is for the first time that the students in the state with NCC certificates will get the benefit of reservation at the time of admission in engineering colleges. \"We have decided to make 2% reservation at the under-graduate and 1% in the post-graduate courses,\" Nahar said.He added that the decision was made to provide opportunity to the NCC students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830662", "title": "Pickpockets steal 20K from cop, slash his wrists", "text": "MUMBAI: An assistant police inspector was brutally assaulted with razor blades by two thieves, whom he had overpowered for stealing Rs 20,000 from his bag in a BEST bus on Saturday afternoon.The Ghatkopar police and the crime branch have launched a manhunt to trace six people who stole cash and then assaulted assistant sub inspector Shyamrao Patil. He received multiple injuries on his hands and was admitted to Rajawadi hospital. He is out of danger.According to the police, Patil is attached to the local arms (LA) division unit 4 at Marol.On Saturday afternoon, he withdrew Rs 20,000 to send it to his village in Satara. Patil was carrying the cash in a handbag and got into a BEST busroute no 304. He boarded the bus from Sakinaka. \"When the bus crossed Asalpha village, he realized that his bag was torn and the cash was missing. He found two people suspicious, overpowered them and got off the bus along with them,\" said an officer.Patil told police that after overpowering the suspects, he put them in an auto and headed towards the Ghatkopar police station. On the way, the duo suddenly whipped out razor blades and slashed his wrists.\"Though several people on the road witnessed a policeman being beaten up, none of them had the courage to intervene. An auto driver rushed Patil to the hospital. Patil said that there were at least six pickpockets in the bus but they fled immediately after Patil overpowered two of them,\" the officer added.Residents told TOI that it was not a stray case as there are several pickpo-cket gangs active on the Andheri-Kurla-Ghatkopar BEST routes. Cops said these gangs move in groups in the buses. If a pickpocket is caught, the person who nabs him is assaulted by other members of the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12831439", "title": "Exhibition on Kuer Singh", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar State Archives has decided to organize a fortnight-long exhibition of rare documents and photographs related to Babu Veer Kuer Singh, leader of the first war of Independence, 1857, here on its campus on Bailey Road from Monday.Archives director Vijay Kumar said that, in all, 56 rare documents, particularly Singh's hand written materials and details of his landed property, would be put on display.Besides, over a dozen rare photographs related to Singh would also be exhibited, Kumar told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12830693", "title": "Special investigation team to probe stamp paper forgery case", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The director general of police on Sunday constituted a special investigation team (SIT) to probe the forged stamp paper case with the city police commissioner T J Jose at its helm.Deputy commissioner of Police Putta Vimaladitya will assist the commissioner in the investigation. Sanghumugham assistant commissioner K S Vimal Kumar, crime detachment assistant commissioner K E Baiju, circle inspectors M Prakash and T Mohanan Nair, sub inspectors Gopakumar and C Mohanan and grade additional sub inspector Satheeshkumar comprise the rest of the team.Meanwhile, the investigation team led by AC K S Vimal Kumar, which is currently investigating the case conducted raids at the residence of advocates V R Rajmohan Nair and B Baburaj in connection with the case.The forged stamp papers were first detected in the litigations handled by these advocates. The court authorities found that the stamp papers furnished for bond execution on April 10 and 11 were forged.The police officials hinted that the raid revealed sufficient evidence that could indict the advocates in the case. But more verification is needed in this regard, said the source. According to an officer who took part in the raid, the advocates blame Vijayan, who is an advocate's clerk for the fraud.''The advocates are blaming Vijayan, as he had bought them the stamp papers to submit before the court,'' said the officer. Vijayan has been absconding from the scene ever since the case was registered. The prime accused K S Sreedharan Nair is also absconding.The police investigation so far, to track down Sreedharan Nair has also failed.Sreedharan Nair was indicted as the first accused in the FIR registered by the police after the forgery was detected by the court. The stamp papers bore the seal of Sreedharan Nair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "12831365", "title": "Security of top officials, people's representives tightened", "text": "MOTIHARI: The Bihar government has asked all DMs, SPs, legislators and MPs of Maoist-affected areas in the state to strengthen their security and avoid late night travels. This comes in the wake of the abduction of DM, Sukma district in Chhattisgarh , by Maoists on Saturday and recent abduction of an MLA in Odisha.This was decided at a high-level meeting of top police officials which presided over by DGP Abhayanand at Motihari late on Saturday. Confirming this on Sunday, Abhayanand said security of all the top officials and people's representatives in Maoist-affected districts has been tightened.East Champaran SP Ganesh Kumar and Gopalganj SP Nitasha Gudia have already been threatened by Maoists. Gudia was the Sheohar SP till recently.In fact, the rebels recently pasted pamphlets threatening to carry out attacks in several areas of East Champaran, Sitamarhi, Sheohar and Muzaffarpur districts. Currently, CM Nitish Kumar is on a four-day 'Seva Yatra' to East Champaran district. The pamphlets, purportedly issued by the North Bihar Zonal Committee of the CPI(Maoist), alleged that the SPs of East Champaran and Gopalganj districts had taken bribe from one, Santosh Jha, a notorious criminal of Sheohar. Jha was granted bail by a Motihari court two months back as the police did not file charge sheet against him. Santosh is a former Maoist who was expelled from the organization.A top police officer said the intelligence agency had informed the government that the Maoists had a plan to attack senior officials and top leaders.The government had requested legislators, MPs and DMs and SPs posted in Maoist-hit districts to take their security seriously during their visits to rural areas. Legislators and MPs of Maoist-affected districts including Gaya, Aurangabad, Arwal, Jehanabad, Banka and Jamui have been asked to inform the local police stations before their visits. They have been asked to assess their security needs during visits to rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12830250", "title": "Lt Gen Tejinder visited Army chief on Sept 22: Register", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation , which is probing Army chief General V K Singh's claim that he was offered a Rs 14 crore bribe by Lt Gen (Retd) Tejinder Singh, has found that the \"visitor's register\" of South Block has an entry showing that Lt Gen Tejinder Singh had visited the Army chief's office on September 22, 2010.The visitor's entry in the register, which was taken by the CBI on Friday from South Block, has been signed by Lt Gen (Retd) Tejinder Singh and it mentions \"official to meet\" as Gen V K Singh.A senior CBI officer said this was a \"major evidence\" to show that Lt Gen Tejinder Singh was in the Army chief's office that day but what transpired inside the room, the alleged bribery offer, is yet to be proved. The Army chief assured CBI officials in his meeting on Friday that he would provide more evidence soon.A CBI team had recorded Gen V K Singh's statement in two rounds on Friday and picked up the 'visitor's register'. Apart from the register, the agency has also collected several documents provided by the Army chief, which reportedly include documents related to the Tatra deal and communications between the defence ministry and BEML.Gen V K Singh had earlier this month given a written complaint to the CBI alleging that Lt Gen Tejinder Singh had come to his office on September 22, 2010 and had offered him a bribe of Rs 14 crore on behalf of Vectra group chairman Ravi Rishi to clear a deal of sub-standard Tatra trucks for the Indian Army. Sources said on that day, Gen V K Singh had asked his staff to \"escort him (Lt Gen Tejinder Singh) out of his office\" and reportedly asked Lt Gen Tejinder Singh \"not to come again\".Refuting the allegations, Lt Gen Tejinder Singh claimed in an interview that \"he used to meet Gen V K Singh frequently for professional work and that he had gone to his (Gen V K Singh's) office in September 2010 for some personal work\". He has also filed a defamation suit against the Army chief.The agency is probing a preliminary enquiry into the alleged bribery offer and is expected to convert it into a regular case soon. Agency sources said they might question Lt Gen Tejinder Singh next week.The agency has also collected some evidence in its probe in the Tatra procurement scam. Gen V K Singh too has provided important documents to the agency. The CBI has already approached Interpol to get details of companies related to Ravi Rishi in at least four countries- Czech Republic , Slovakia, UK and Liechtenstein .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12829822", "title": "Ex-MLA writes to CM against land allotment to Army in Shahgarh Bulj", "text": "JAISALMER: The Union government had shelved the proposal to allot 9.65 lakh bigha of land in Shahgarh Bulj area of Jaisalmer to the Army for a Manoeuvre Training Range (MTR) following the report of a high-power committee. Now, former Jaisalmer MLA Goverdan Kalla has written a letter to chief minister Ashok Gehlot demanding to cancel the proposal and instead allot 4 lakh bigha canal land to farmers.In fact, Focus Energy and the local people had been protesting against the allotment of 9.86 lakh bigha of land in Shahgarh Bulj to the Army. Focus Energy had found huge reserves of gas here. To check the claims of army and Focus Energy, a 15-member committee of the Union government had visited Shahgarh Bulj area in August. Although the army had assured Focus Energy that their training programmes will not affect their oil and gas exploration, still the range allotment was opposed.It is being said that in the last meeting of the high-power committee held on January 16 in New Delhi, it has recommended to stop the allotment of MTR till 2013 and has sent its report to the Union government.District collector MP Swami confirmed the decision of high-power committee to stay this proposal of allotment of MTR till 2013.Earlier in 2009 too the Union government had directed to keep the proposal of range allotment pending, but on the request of the army last year, the high-power committee inspected the Shahgarh Bulj.On the other hand, Congress former MLA Goverdhan has demanded to cancel this proposal. In the letter, he has written that of 9.60 lakh bigha of land, 4 lakh bigha is in Indira Gandhi Canal Colonisation area and all branches and tanks have been constructed. Apart from this, huge gas reserves have been found in Langtala area in the proposed area and gas is being supplied to Ramgarh Thermal Power Project through which 110Mw turbine is being managed.It has also been alleged that many wells have been dug in this area, in which huge quantity gas reserves have been found. After these reserves, the work of expansion of Ramgarh Thermal Power project has been started.He has written that with allotment of Indira Gandhi canal land, thousands of farmers will get employment. Looking to huge possibilities of gas exploration, range and gas generation work cannot be done together. Looking to this, it has requested to cancel the allotment of proposal of Shahgarh range.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12829683", "title": "1 arrested for stealing 6L goods from farm", "text": "NASHIK: Goods worth Rs 6 lakh were reported stolen from a poultry farm at Shindegaon, near Nashik Road on Saturday. The police have arrested one person in the case and are looking for the second accused.Sachin Jagannath Dusane and Suresh Deore allegedly stole the goods from Jitendra Avasthi's farm. The complaint was lodged with Nashik Road police station. The police have arrested Deore and filed cases against both the accused.Two bikes stolen: Two bikes were reported stolen on Saturday. A bike belonging to Tushar Ahire, a resident of Amrutdham in Panchavati, was recently stolen from near a dispensary at Red Cross around 1.30pm. A complaint has been lodged with the Sarkarwada police.A bike belonging to Girish Devasthali, a resident of Vasantbahar society, Kathe lane, was reported stolen on Saturday. The bike was stolen from the parking lot of Vasantbahar society between 3am and 9am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12829802", "title": "Rain to keep heat at bay till Tuesday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Brief showers on Sunday afternoon did nothing to improve the muggy weather. Instead, it got worse as the sun was out soon after and humidity levels soared. By evening, however, a dust storm and a light drizzle brought about a dramatic change, leaving the rest of the day highly pleasant.Delhiites can also expect the temperature to stay clear of the 40 degree mark for at least another few days as more rain is expected over northwest India till Tuesday. On Sunday, the Met department recorded 0.6mm rainfall between 8.30am and 5.30pm.\"A western disturbance over north Pakistan and adjoining Jammu and Kashmir has led to Sunday's rainfall. The western disturbance will continue affecting these regions for another couple of days because of which some parts of northwest India can expect light to moderate rainfall and thundershowers till Tuesday,\" said a Met official.According to Met officials, under the influence of western disturbance, rain and thundershowers can be expected over a few places in J&K;, and in a couple of places over HP and Uttarakhand for the next 48 hours. Dust storms and thundershowers can also be expected over a few places in Punjab, Haryana, Delhi, Rajasthan and west UP. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12829709", "title": "Whistle cops back to give city sound sleep", "text": "LUCKNOW: Many would still remember the nights when policemen on patrol duty blew the whistle. For residents, it signalled peaceful sleep as cops were keeping vigil, and for criminals, the whistle was a warning to keep their wicked plans at bay. But as modern gadgets made their way into policing, whistle became a defunct tool.However, the city police has decided to take a retro leap to check growing crimes like theft and loot. In the coming days, the whistle sound will again be heard in the silence of the night. DIG Ashutosh Pandey has ordered cops to blow whistle during night patrolling after every 30 minutes.The order is effective on all policemen, whether they patrol on two-wheelers or four-wheelers. The purpose, DIG said, is restore people's confidence in the police and assure them that men in uniform are for their safety and protection. Besides, it will send out a message to the criminals that cops are on the prowl, DIG said.Whistle was part of the uniform worn by cops, irrespective of their rank or profile, DIG said and even blew a whistle to corroborate his statement.Citizens, however, are still not sure if patrolling cops would adhere to whistle policing. \"The concept is good and was effective in the past. But I fear that like many other good concepts it may not get implemented,\" said lawyer Vivek Manishi Shukla.\"I hardly see cops on patrol after 1.30am. How will DIG ensure whistle policing when policemen are not visible after a certain time,\" asked BB Asthana, a resident of Gomtinagar.Policemen defend themselves on the count. \"How can you expect us to remain awake throughout night when we have to get back to duty by 10amg,\" a cop of Mahanagar police station told TOI.Since there has been no order banning blowing of whistle, cops would have to be encouraged to get back to the old habit, DIG said and added that he has been trying to inculcate it among his junior colleagues for past five days. They are getting back into the habit though it will take some time before it becomes a routine, Pandey said.Further, cops have also been asked to pass on the message to the security guards at private bungalows, apartments and village guards to blow whistle after every 30 minutes.Meanwhile, noted fireman Vinod Kumar Pandey was invited by the DIG at Police Line on Sunday to deliver a talk on why firemen are prompt and sincere towards their responsibility which is not the case with civil police. This, despite the fact, that both have similar living condition and both wear khaki uniform, DIG said.For now, the question is whether whistle policing become a reality. Only time would tell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12831054", "title": "Alagiri man dismissed from party", "text": "CHENNAI: In an unprecedented escalation of sibling rivalry within the opposition DMK in Tamil Nadu, Union minister M K Alagiri's staunch supporter K Essakkimuthu was on Sunday dismissed from the party's primary membership on the ground that his reply to the showcause notice, served on him for boycotting the April 15 public meeting addressed by party treasurer M K Stalin, was unacceptable.The announcement was made by DMK general secretary K Anbalagan.It is understood that Stalin told his father, DMK chief M Karunanidhi that if no disciplinary action was taken against the followers of Alagiri who boycotted the function, there was no point in his continuing as the party treasurer.Essakki Muthu who is Madurai urban DMK presidium chairman had been served the show cause notice a couple of days ago by the party's organizing secretary TKS Elangovan. He is the first of the more than 20 Alagiri followers served show cause notices on the same ground, to be expelled from the party.\"I heard about the party's action against me but I didn't receive any official communication from the party headquarters so far. I am not going to feel bad for any action against me. I have been working for the party for more than 45 years. Kalaignar is my leader always. I am more concerned about the rivalry between the brothers only. If my dismissal may sort out all the issues then I will be very happy. I will continue as a supporter of the party for ever,\" said an emotional Essakkimuthu.Informed sources said the dismissal was intimated to Alagiri and he grew very angry over the action. \"He is in Chennai only and is expected to react sharply on Monday,\" a follower of the minister said. Justifying the disciplinary proceedings, the general secretary said Muthu questioned the authority of Elangovan for sending the show cause notice. \"Others who received the show-cause notices from the head quarters will face the action based on their replies,\" the sources said quoting Anbalagan.On Stalin's insistance, the DMK high command had issued notices to more than 20 supporters of Alagiri for not attending the public meeting addressed by him on April 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12830017", "title": "Indian Council of Medical Research to arrange thalassemia screening", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Coming as a boon to those suffering from thalassemia, before they pass it on their newborns, a screening programme has been given a nod for Chandigarh, Ludhiana and Delhi. The Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) has set a task force for the city.Not only will the initiative involve screening of the antenatal mothers in all hospitals, it will involve generating awareness. Confirming the project, ICMR director Dr V M Katoch said, \"There is some medical literature available which endorses that a particular community in Punjab is susceptible to the genetic disorder. The project will generate database, community carrier screening, spread awareness and screen pregnant women.\"A special task force has been established which includes Dr L K Dhaliwal, department of gynecology of PGI; Dr Gurjit Kaur, Government Medical College and Hospital, Sector 32; and Dr Reena Dass, hematology in PGI as its members.\"The project has been approved by the ICMR and the task force has been constituted to work on the modalities. For the region, the details have been asked from Ludhiana and Delhi besides Chandigarh,\" said Dr Gurjit.Thalassemia is a blood disorder which is hereditary. The body makes an unusual form of hemoglobin, the protein in red blood cells that carries oxygen. The disorder results in excessive destruction of red blood cells causing anemia. To manage the disorder, there is a lifelong blood transfusion which is expensive and unsafe.\"In case both parents have thalassemia, the risk increases manifold. Though the cost of the screening is affordable, not many come forward due to lack of information. ICMR will get the screening done for free,\" said Dr Gurjit. \"There had been meetings held at the ICMR where the taskforce members have been asked give their proposal on how to work on the thalassemia programme,\" said Dr Katoch.Treatment for thalassemia often involves regular blood transfusions. Persons who receive significant numbers of blood transfusions need a treatment therapy to remove excess iron from the body.Bone marrow transplant may help treat the disease in some patients, especially children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12829311", "title": "Cop's daughter arrested for abusing police", "text": "KOLKATA: A young woman and four of her friends were arrested at Gariahat in south Kolkata late on Saturday night for abusing policemen and thrashing a taxi driver. The woman is the daughter of a Kolkata Police officer. The group of five was produced in court on Sunday morning and granted bail later in the evening.Shortly after midnight, an assistant sub-inspector and a constable of Kolkata Police were patrolling the area on a motorcycle when they noticed a commotion near the western slope of Bijan Setu, police said. On going closer to the spot, they noticed a group of five youngsters - four boys and a girl - scuffling with a middle-aged taxi driver.When the sub-inspector and the constable tried to intervene, the youths turned even more violent. Not only did they misbehave with the policemen, but also abused them. To bring the situation under control, the cops summoned more police personnel and took the six persons, including the taxi driver, to Gariahat police station.Police said all the five youngsters were in an inebriated state. During interrogation they revealed that all of them stay in the Rashbehari Avenue of south Kolkata and on Saturday they had gone to a pub near Gariahat.The group of five told police that they were waiting near Bijan Setu to return home but no taxi was ready to take them. Finally, one taxi stopped. Though the cabbie refused initially, he agreed on the condition that extra money, beyond the original fare, be paid. When they refused to pay the extra amount, the taxi driver reportedly abused them, which turned the group furious. They dragged him out of the cab and thrashed him.Since the youngsters were in inebriated, they failed to recognize the policemen and abused them as well. Police booked the five of them.While the accused were produced in court on Sunday and granted bail, the taxi driver was prosecuted for refusing passengers.Police said, shortly after midnight, an assistant sub-inspector of Kolkata police and a constable were on area patrol. They were on a motorcycle and suddenly they spotted a trouble near the western slope of Bijan Setu. Police spotted a group of young people including a woman scuffling with a middle aged taxi owner. The officer rushed to the spot and tried to intervene. But the youths were violent. They manhandled the officer and also abused cops. Later more force was called and all six persons including five young persons and the taxi driver was taken to Gariahat police station.Police said that all five were inebriated state and during interrogation they revealed that all of them stay in Rashbehari Avenue, Triangular Park area of south Kolkata. They went to a pub near Gariahat and they were waiting near Bijan Setu to return home. They told police that no taxi was ready to take them and finally one stopped. The taxi driver initially refused to go and later allegedly demanded extra money beyond the original fare. The cabbie allegedly abused five when they refused to pay extra which reportedly made five violent. They dragged the cabbie out and thrashed them.They were in high and could not even recognize the cops who intervened. In the middle of the chaos two cops were also heckled and abused. Police booked all five and produced before the court on Sunday morning. Later in the evening they were granted bail. Police said that the cabbie Arup Das has been also prosecuted for refusing commuter. The accused five have been identified as Somit Roy Chowdhury, Uddalak Mitra, Prosenjit Dasgupta, Ayan Banerjee and Arpita Bhattacharya. Police said Arpita is the daughter of an officer of Kolkata Police posted in armed police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12831392", "title": "The day after, it\u2019s biz as usual", "text": "Malleswaram 13th Cross market was busy as usual on Sunday. Vegetable and flower vendors were back in their stalls, a day after they had literally been cut to size in an anti-encroachment drive.The BBMP had removed all encroachments put up by vendors in the passages of the 48-year-old market on Saturday. But the loss suffered during the drive weighed heavily on their mind.'' I incurred a loss of Rs 30,000 on Saturday. They took away all my vegetables and nobody has come back to find out how we are. It doesn't matter now if they offer to give us back our vegetables after paying a fine. They will be of no use because they were thrown haphazardly on to the Palike lorries ,'' said Shiv Kumar, a vendor. '' Who will get me back the fresh flowers that I bought by spending Rs 15,000. Flowers and fruits last only for a day. I have suffered the biggest loss of my life,'' lamented Muniratna M, a flower vendor.The vendors are also not bothered by all the talk about BBMP's plan to replace the market with a shopping and parking complex. They believe there is a long way to go for all that. For now, their existence is all that mattered.\"Even today my shop has been arranged the way it was yesterday. I have no idea what the drive was all about. The total amount of loss we suffered is Rs 2 lakh. We should be compensated for this,'' N Venkataswamy, president, Malleswaram fruits and vegetable market association, maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12830256", "title": "Andhra govt considers legalising unlicensed liquor outlets", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government is learnt to be actively considering regularisation of liquor belt shops, the illegal extensions of licenced retail outlets, as it seeks to check malpractices by the liquor syndicate in the state.And, with dealers favouring the proposal, the legitimization of belt shops is expected to very much figure in the new liquor policy slated to be announced towards the end of May.There are about 1.5 lakh belt shops spread across the state and although they generate crores of rupees in revenues every month, none of it finds its way into the state coffers. \"Therefore, on an experimental basis, we have suggested that about 20,000 belt shops be legitimized.Through them, the state can expect to raise a revenue of about Rs 200 crore annually,\" said sources in the excise department.As per the proposal, those securing a fresh two-year retail liquor licence, beginning this June, would be allowed to run one or two additional belt shops depending on the population and density of the area at a nominal fee of Rs 1 lakh per shop, while the licence fee for the main shop is expected to range between Rs 10 lakh and Rs 1 crore.The liquor scam has left the state government red-faced and so the proposed step is seen as being of mutual benefit to both the government and the dealers as the legalized belt shops would reap a windfall gain for the exchequer in terms of licence fee.The move will also allow enforcement sleuths to concentrate on other offences as it is expected that irregularities by the liquor syndicate would come down by a big margin, said government sources.If implemented, it would prove to be a significant policy shift which can be said to have been borrowed from the Haryana model wherein belt shops have legal licence.It is also expected that the move would put brakes on the liquor syndicate's control over these belt shops with the backing of politicians and excise officials.Backers of this proposal claim that once a liquor vendor's business is regularised, Maximum Retail Price (MRP) violations will come down drastically.Ashutosh Mishra, principal secretary in the revenue department, said that the government was looking at ways and means to curb irregularities in liquor sales without hurting the revenue inflow but declined to divulge details.\"The government is considering many options. Those cannot be discussed in public at this juncture,\" was all that he was willing to tell TOI.Rayala Subba Rao, president of AP Wine Dealers' Association, said liquor traders were all for the proposal to legitimize belt shops.He said that it was the traders themselves who had made the suggestion after realising that more legalized belt shops were required in order to effectively curb irregularities.The government is mulling abandoning of the auction as a means of distributing liquor licences and Subba Rao said that liquor traders have welcomed the proposal.He also suggested that the number of retail liquor licences be increased from the current 6,596 to at least 8,000.He felt that the ban on liquor consumption on retail-shop premises is an impractical rule leading to wide irregularities and suggested that the same be amended in the new liquor policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12829692", "title": "'Nashik 6th most polluted city in state'", "text": "Have you issued notices to any industry that is not following pollution control norms? If yes , how many?On April 18, we issued notices to four companies to close down for defying pollution control norms. These companies have not got an approval letter from MPCB, have not installed machinery to control water pollution and have not taken membership of the common hazardous sewage treatment facility to treat their hazardous waste. We had issued a proposed order to these companies in August 2010. In December 2010, the hearing was conducted and we issued an interim order for compliance. But the companies, which are small-scale industries in Ambad and Satpur MIDC areas, did not comply, so we issued the close-down orders.Have you conducted a survey of agencies that are polluting the environment? If yes, what is the finding?Big industries have their own effluent treatment plants (ETPs). We conducted a survey in December 2011. Some units are operating without consent, while some have not installed the ETP. We have served showcause notices on them. If they do not comply, then we will take action against them.What is the action taken in case of non-compliance?If the industry does not comply with the pollution control norms, we will issue showcause notices under Section 33(a) of the Water Pollution Act and also proposed (showcause) notice under Section 31(a) of Air Pollution Act. We conduct a hearing after 15 days and then issue and interim notice with specific time frame of one or two months, according to the size of the industry. If still there is no compliance, we seek permission from the pollution control board to close the industry. In the interim notice, we also ask for a bank guarantee, which we confiscate in case of non-compliance.How do you monitor effluents which are released into the Godavari?Only effluents from small scale industries get released into the Godavari, which is barely about 1,000 litre. Many a time, these don't even reach the Godavari river except during the rainy season; they seep into the earth.Does the MPCB have any system to monitor the suspended particles in the air?We have air monitoring stations in four places in the city. One station is on the terrace of Udyog Bhavan, where we are located, one in the Nashik Municipal Coproration, one in the old RTO office and one in VIP Industries. Continuous monitoring is done by the station at Udyog Bhavan while in the other three, we monitor the air twice a week.What is the finding? Which are the particles that are found in large quantities?There is no such separate monitoring.Have you issued notices to the NMC for releasing untreated sewage into the river and also to industries for polluting the river?Untreated water goes to the river only where there is no stormwater drainage system. We have issued directions under Section 33(a) of Water Pollution Act and have taken a bank guarantee of Rs 50 lakh from the NMC in June 2010. We have asked them to set up all the ETPs and STPs (sewage treatment plants) by December 2013. If they fail to do so, we will take action.Is the common ETP in Satpur and Ambad MIDC areas ready?The common ETP is under process but MIDC has not yet given us a place to install it. Metal Finishers' Association, that proposed the ETPs, has registered it. ETPs with a capacity of 1mld each will be installed in Satpur and Ambad. We need one acre land for one ETP. The association and MPCB had a meeting on July 26, 2011, about the installation of the ETP. We are just waiting for the land.Are you monitoring the bio-medical waste plant?Our sub-regional officers visit the plant regularly and collect samples of the sewage water. If we find any discrepancies after testing the samples , we will issue notices.How many hospitals are complying with the norms? How many have been issued notices?Last year, some showcause notices were issued to some hospitals.Which are these?Saykhedkar Hospital at Cidco and NMC's Zakir Hussain Hospital in Kathada. We have given them reminders on March 31, 2011 and September 17, 2011. We will give them another reminder soon.When was the last time that the MPCB checked the quality of the water in the Godavari?Monthly testing is done from Gangapur dam, Someshwar, every place in the city through where the river flows till Saykheda. The river is polluted most in city areas.Last year, some fish died under the Asaram Bapu bridge during the rainy season but the reasons for their death has not yet been determined. What could be the reason?The fish have definitely not died due to industrial pollution because industrial effluents are likely to be found at a higher altitude in Anandwalli rather than under Asaram Bapu bridge. Why did the fish not die there? Fishermen use gelatin sticks in the river because by bursting the explosives in the river, the fish come up and it is easy to catch them. The fish must have died because of this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12830193", "title": "Earth Day observed with great enthusiasm", "text": "DHARWAD: Head of the department of Studies in Geology at the Karnatak University S C Puranik said large scale exploitation of natural resources and shrinking greenery was affecting the ecological balance adversely.Speaking at a function organized by Dharwad Nagarika Parisara Samiti to mark World Earth Day he said judicious utilization of natural resources was very essential for sustained development.Citing an example, he said extraction of one tonne of ore would yield three grams of gold and the chemicals used in separating gold from the ore is hazardous to the environment.He called upon the youths to take the lead in conservation of flora and fauna. Social activist Mukund Maigur stated that the environment status in India is far better than that in other nations. Samiti president A S Balasubrahmanya, Shankar Kumbi and Balanna Shigihalli were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12828936", "title": "Emphasis on need to cultivate reading habit", "text": "KANPUR: The World Books and Copyrights Day would be held on Monday. TOI spoke to a few authors and readers to know what they feel about the present status of books and influence in the lives of the people.People may remember the times when there was no television, no Internet or mobile phones, at that time the books used to be the best companion of man. The books had played a role of a friend of man in the moments of boredom and sadness.Technological advancement had increased the speed of information and solved various critical issues but it did a lot of damage to the books. The books can be seen only in shelves of libraries.\"Books are a real source of joy. You can create your own world in a book. It does not harm any of your sense organs as like newer sources of recreation,\" said Jagriti, mother of 11 years old Indraja. She had inculcated the habit of reading in her daughter.Elaborating his journey with books, Nikhil, an MBA aspirant said that initially he was also a techno-jerk who remained busy in gadgets but an incident changed his life.\"I went to my granny's village where there was no electricity. So neither the phones could be charged nor the laptop. Then I saw the bookshelf of my granny in which various mythological books were kept. Initially, I was not attracted to it but when I saw granny spend half of her day in reading, I too accompanied her in reading and now its my hobby,\" added Nikhil.Expressing her helplessness in making her kids a good reader, Deepti said that in the fast-paced academic session, it is difficult to take out time to read other books. \"But I opted a unique way to attract my son and daughter towards book. I used to tell them stories before they sleep. Initially I read book and then I gave them separate books. They never miss reading their goodnight story at all,\" she added.Social networking sites had also played an important role in enhancing the book reading in youth. The column of Facebook asking 'the book that you like' made many people read the books which they have seen to be liked by their friends.\"I read that my best friend had added in his favourites which was 'Jeet Aapki' by Shiv Kherda. I too added it at that moment but I felt embarrassed when people asked me about its content. This made me read the book,\" said Shubham.Many think that the future generation is at a risk of stepping straight to digital from oral trend. It is evident that reading is having its own space among kids. Importantly, writers like JK Rowling (Harry Potter series), Hank Ketchan (Dennis The Menace series) and Thomas M Dish had played an important role in cultivating the reading hobby among children.\"It was initially a fashion and later become an hobby in hundreds of children who spend money in buying and reading 'Harry Potter series'. Teen books are still quite popular, but one can't really compare them to reading the classics, which teens can and should read,\" said Shakuntala Srivastava, writer and teacher. It is unfortunate that book publishing has become a highly commercial venture. A lot needs to be done so that children turn the pages of books and make reading the hobby of kids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12830961", "title": "Three hurt in road mishap", "text": "NAGPUR: Three persons, including a biker and two others in a four-wheeler, were injured in an accident at Khapri on Wardha Road on Saturday night. The four-wheeler driver, heading towards Buti Bori, dashed a biker losing control over the vehicle before ramming into a heavy trailer near the divider. The front portion of the four-wheeler was damaged.Traffic on the busy Wardha Road was disrupted for almost an hour after the mishap. The injured were rushed to a private hospital at Khapri by the by-standers. Police said that the four-wheeler was driven to city by two youths who had to appear in an examination. After their examination, the duo had set out on the highway when the incident took place.Sonegaon and rural police rushed to the spot after the incident along with their counterparts from the traffic department to tackle the chaos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12828959", "title": "Ex-CM Mahanta joins race for AGP top job", "text": "GUWAHATI: Two-time chief minister and founder president of AGP Prafulla Mahanta is seeking re-election to the post of party president after being ousted from the party over a decade back.For the first time, the party would select its party hierarchy through democratic election and two contenders are contesting for the post of party president. Backed by followers and senior party leaders of AGP, Mahanta filed his nomination at around 11.40 am on Sunday.Asked on his decision to take up the challenge once again, Mahanta told TOI, \"The grass root workers and district committee members asked me to contest for the president's post. To put up with their request, I decided to fight for the post. Now it is for the voters to decide.\"Mahanta relinquished his leadership in 2001 after the party lost in the Assembly election. He floated AGP (Progressive) after being expelled from the party in 2005 but rejoined the party in a process of reconciliation in 2008. Since 2010, he acted as the 'leader of the opposition' till the assembly election of 2011.Mahanta who will take up the hustle with new generation leader Padma Hazarika said that he has no objection if the party wants to go for a consensus president rather than a fight.\"It's up to the party members. If the party decides to choose a consensus president then we will have to work it out for the sake of the party,\" he smiled. Mahanta started his political career as a student leader of Aasu and then served as the chief minister of Assam for two terms -1985-1990 and 1996-2001.However, Padma Hazarika declined any such possibility. \"The new generation members are asking for a change in leadership. They want a new face to take over. I have not decided to withdraw my nomination yet. Even though a contest is being held for the president's post, I do not think it will hamper anything. We can still go hand in hand and work towards its betterment,\" Padma said.Sunday was the last date to file the nominations for AGP poll. \"Two nominations were filed for the post of party president, 12 for general secretary and 34 for central executive members,\" said Bijon Mahajan, member of the central election committee of AGP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830651", "title": "Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority veering towards underground Metro plan", "text": "MUMBAI: City planners may root for an underground Metro network. Some have suggested that the second line connecting Charkop, Bandra and Mankhurd be underground instead of elevated as planned earlier.Planners at the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA), who had initially placed emphasis on elevated routes because of lower costs, now have a change of heart.\"If you want to build Mumbai into an international financial centre, you need an underground Metro system in some places as it does not cause disruption to the city,\" they said. A senior MMRDA official, who is involved with the planning process for the Metro, said, \"When the first and second lines were planned, one of the main considerations was to keep the costs down. The first line connecting Versova, Andheri and Ghatkopar and the Charkop-Bandra-Mankhurd corridor was planned as an elevated route. Since an underground line is almost three times more expensive, it was seen as unviable,\" they said. \"If we look at the long term effects of the Metro, the elevated lines would affect the city's older infrastructureAn underground line is more appropriate for building a modern city,'' the planners added.\"If you keep in mind that Mumbai is planning on becoming an international financial centre, an underground line though more expensive is more appropriate,'' they said in some parts of the city which are closely built.There are nine metro lines planned and many of them might be underground, if this line of thinking catches on with the planning authorities. The initial planning had been done by the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation. Citizens' groups have been campaigning for an underground line for the second metro line for the last two yearsand this issue came up again at a hearing last week for the third line from Colaba -Bandra -SEEPZ which will be fully underground. The JVPD Residents' Group and the H West Ward Citizens Foundation had come out in favour of an underground line for the second metro. However, they had been told by MMRDA officals that doing so would not be viable.However they were bluntly told by the MMRDA that the underground option was three times costlier and would not be physically viable as there was no room for building a ramp in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12830467", "title": "9% Bangaloreans have chronic sinusitis", "text": "BANGALORE: Whenever there is a change in the weather, ENT specialists in Bangalore see a noticeable rise in the number of chronic sinusitis cases. Many people may not even know that constant sneezing, headache, cough or fever are symptoms of sinusitis and treat it as common cold or viral infection.A study by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases ( NIAID ) recently concluded that 134 million Indians suffer from chronic sinusitis, which is more than double the number of diabetic patients in India. About 9% of Bangalore's population (7.60 lakh) is said to be suffering from chronic sinusitis, and this doesn't include the acute version of the disease.ENT specialists blame it on pollution, low humidity and pollen from plants, which spread allergy. \"Pyrethrum plants, which are found in almost every locality, are said to be extremely allergy-causing. The white, transparent particles of the plant are a natural source of insecticides and can give chronic allergy,\" said Dr Kumaresh Krishnamoorthy, ENT specialist, Nova Surgical Speciality.Dr Jyothsana Krishnappa, senior consultant, internal medicine, Apollo Hospital, said: \"If I see about 30 patients in the OPD (out-patient department), at least 10 of them have upper respiratory problems and five suffer from chronic sinusitis. The number of cases goes up between October and January when temperature dips and humidity is low.\"Sinusitis is usually preceded by cold, allergy attack or irritation from environmental pollutants.Often, the resulting symptoms like nasal pressure, nasal congestion, a running nose and fever run their course in a few days. If not treated, chronic sinusitis can lead to bronchitis, asthma or other respiratory diseases, doctors said.\"If symptoms persist, a bacterial infection or acute sinusitis may develop. If sinusitis occurs frequently or lasts three months or longer, it may lead to chronic sinusitis,\" said Dr Sheelu Srinivas, consultant, ENT surgeon, Fortis Hospitals.\"I see at least 10 patients suffering from chronic or acute sinusitis daily,\" she added.Said Dr Sanjiv Rao, consultant, internal medicine, Manipal Hospital: \"Chronic sinusitis has become common. The line of treatment is decided after the lung and sinus tests.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12830857", "title": "Eurosleep launches Asia chapter from Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Eurosleep, a network of hospitals in Europe for treating sleep disorders through surgery, launched its Asia chapter named Eurosleep-Asia on Sunday here. Neeti Clinics, run by ENT surgeon Dr Madan Kapre, signed an MOU with the company, which is tying up with ten hospitals in India under the Asia chapter.In the first phase four cities would have the Eurosleep-Asia centres; Nagpur, Mumbai, New Delhi and Amritsar. The second phase would see launches in June at Bangalore, Chennai, Kolkata, Pune and Ahmedabad.Mohan Nair, CEO of Eurosleep in Asia region, said that though his company officials met doctors at Mumbai hospital on Saturday, the formal launch from the city would take place on Monday with the signing of a MOU.The launch of an Asia chapter is aimed at exchange of knowledge on the disease, training in surgery and diagnosis, both in Norway and India, by experts from Eurosleep. It is also an effort to generate a data pool for Asian population as the extent of disorder varies in different genetic populations or races. The African Americans are more prone as compared to Americans. The disorder could have a hereditary cause or even socioeconomic reasons, he said.Nair pointed out that till now sleep disorder was estimated to be 2-4% but studies conducted recently have shown an incidence of 16% in India. People generally associate it with obesity but it can happen at any weight and age.Dr Kapre, who is starting the first surgical clinic for treating sleep apnea after training in Norway, said the disorder is also caused by age, obesity, alcohol, smoking and consumption of some drugs or medicines for relatively longer periods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12829866", "title": "NGO to appoint coordinators and facilitators for AIDS victims", "text": "JAIPUR: An NGO RNP+ in support of UNICEF and Rajasthan State Aids Control Society has decided to appoint GIPA (Greater Involvement of People living with HIV/AIDS) coordinators and facilitators in 32 districts of the state for strengthening and encouraging quality utilization of health services and social protection schemes for HIV infected and affected households in the state, with special focus on children living with HIV/AIDS (CLHIVs).The RNP+ claimed it was found that only 25% of the needy people living with HIV/AIDS were able to get the facilities with the present infrastructure and manpower. When the GIPA coordinators and facilitators are appointed, it would become possible to reach out to the rural areas.RNP+ president Brijesh Dubey said, \"In five districts, GIPA coordinators would be deployed and at 27 districts GIPA facilitators will be posted. The five districts selected for GIPA coordinators are Ajmer, Jodhpur, Udaipur, Kota and Jaipur. These are the districts which are vulnerable to HIV/AIDS in the state.\"The duration of the project will be nine months starting from April 2012, which would conclude in December 2012.Besides, GIPA coordinators and facilitators there would be at least 15 Women Living with HIVs (WLHIVs) in each of the 32 districts who will be trained to form self help groups. This will further strengthen the existing positive mothers association (PMA) in Rajasthan and provide supplementary manpower for district level networks to streamline and maximize effective service delivery efforts for the betterment of CLHIVs and their families collectively and sustainably.RNP+ state in-charge, projects, John Samuel said, \"The project will help in establishing effective links between various service delivery points and proper support to beneficiaries for availing facilities of all components including: (i) nutritional support through Integrated Child Development Scheme; (ii) Free diagnosis, medicine and treatment for all ailments including ARVs (Antiretroviral), (iii) Promote and ensure institutional delivery for pregnant women from initial stage of ANC services to Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojana, (iv) Awareness generation on available vocational training centres (v) Provision for financial support like pension, insurance or social security; (vi) Priority in other schemes available for women and people living below poverty line (e.g., Anthodaya, free housing, access to land, etc.) and (vii) Free legal aid in case of any disputes.\"He said that the project will be focused on WLHIVs and CLHIVs as the coordinators and facilitators would be only women. It will also groom WLHIV as responsible care givers with increased knowledge and best practices to support themselves and their families. This will help reduce stigma-related practices, make services more inclusive, support the existing government mechanism to perform well.The RNP+ claimed that the project is mainly focusing on optimum use of the knowledge and skills of already trained care givers in HIV infected and affected households to further carry out effective outreach activities for the benefit of CLHIV (Children Living with HIV AIDS) in particular and WLHIV and families in general.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830740", "title": "Woman spikes jeweller's drink, steals 18L valuables", "text": "MUMBAI: A woman who spiked the drink of a diamond jeweller and stole ornaments worth Rs 18 lakh has been arrested by the LT Marg police.The accused, Madhuri Rajesh Kaava, was caught after she was identified in the CCTV footage. The complaint was filed by Devendra Kumar Swami, a diamond merchant who has an office at Panchsheel building in Opera House.According to Swami, on April 16, Kaava, who is known to Swami since the past few years, visited his office. She came to return Rs 50,000 she had borrowed from Swami.Kaava brought a bottle filled with jal jeera (a digestive masala soda) and offered it to Swami. \"Swami refused, but after she persisted, he drank in good faith. Swami started feeling dizzy and became unconscious. \"Taking advantage of this, Kaava started removing the gold ornaments and diamond jewellery from Swami's office and also the jewellery he was wearing. He told the police that he could feel that somebody was removing his gold ornaments and his cellphones but was unable to make any movement,\" said an officer.In the evening, an employee of Swami found him lying unconscious and rushed him to GT Hospital. Doctors said somebody had given Swami heavy sedatives. When Swami returned to his office, he found the gold and diamond-studded ornaments worth Rs 18 lakh and two cellphones worth Rs 19,000 were missing.Swami told the police that he suspected that he fell unconscious after drinking the jal jeera Kaava had given him. When police cornered Kaava with her mobile location , they showed her the CCTV footage while she was removing gold ornaments from Swami's body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12831309", "title": "7 stray pups find warmth of home", "text": "BANGALORE: At least seven stray pups bid goodbye to the streets as a few Good Samaritans came forward and adopted them at a drive on Sunday.Fifteen strayswereon offer for adoption at the event, the fourthof itskind ,organized at the Bangalore Pet Hospital, Marathalli, by Precious Paws Foundation in association with The Voice Of Stray Dogs.Debadrita Jadhav , member , Precious Paws Foundation , said : \"We want to encourage people to adopt more Indian puppies than the pedigreed ones . We rescue the puppies we offer for adoption , take care of them for about two weeks and give them medical treatment if necessary . We also provide them vaccinations and health cards , before offering them for adoption .\"Bijisha T, a software engineer ,is nowthe proudowner of two puppies . \"I am a dog lover .I adopted a puppy for myself , but then my uncle wanted one too, so I went back and adopted another ,\" she said . \"My puppies are about a month old and are bundles of joy . They are very healthy and cute. The process was simple and free of charge ,\" she said.The non-profit Precious Paws Foundation , formed by a group of animal lovers , works towards finding a permanent home for puppies it rescues from the streets . It believes this will go a long way in solving the stray dog problem. The foundation provides guidance on how to bring up pups to those who adopt them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12831671", "title": "Classroom realities", "text": "The Supreme Court judgment on April 12, 2010, upholding the constitutional validity of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act 2009 (the RTE Act) has been hailed by some as a 'landmark judgement towards building a cohesive society' while others have critiqued the same as 'a judgment that allows the government to pass on its responsibility to the private sector, without appropriate compensation.'The critical point that is being overlooked is that the RTE Act was made with a wider purpose to ensure that all children get access to an equitable, quality elementary education that would be childcentred . The judgement, by making all private aided and unaided schools (with the exception of Madrasas and Vedic pathshalas) comply with 25% reservation for economically disadvantaged children, spells the way to creating heterogeneous classrooms, which as per the judgement will help 'strengthen the social fabric of democracy through provision of equal opportunities to all.' No one will contest that it will be good for all children to be part of inclusive classrooms , where they will learn to live and respect diversity. However, this judgement needs to be seen in the backdrop of the education context as it exists in the country today . There has been a growing shift towards private schooling in the past few years. National statistics reveal that 187,872,996 students are enrolled in elementary classes in India, out of which 69.5% of the children are enrolled in government or public schools and close to 34% are enrolled in either private aided or unaided schools, which constitute 19.4% of the total number of elementary schools in the country (DISE 2009-10 ). The debate about the 25% reservation seems to forget that private schools are not homogeneous in nature and range from very low fee schools in rural and urban slums to internationally competitive high fee charging schools in urban areas.(The writer is chairperson ARTHA - Applied Research Towards Harnessing Abilities)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12829533", "title": "Residents can meet me at any time: New Commissioner of police", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city is all set to welcome its new police chief on the auspicious day of Akshaya Tritiya after the government opted for A K Viswanathan IPS as the new Commissioner of police for Coimbatore city in its latest IPS cadre reshuffle on Sunday. Viswanathan is the third police chief for the city after the regime change in the state. The present police commissioner TP Sundaramoorthy has been named as the new West Zone Inspector General of Police.\"I will take charge as city police commissioner on Tuesday. The public can meet me at anytime ,\" said Viswanathan.Viswanathan hails from Erode and has been serving as the chief vigilance officer at TNPL. He is from the 1990 IPS batch and was initially posted as assistant superintendent of police at Dharmapuri. He later served as Superintendent of Police in Madurai between 1995 and1998 following which he was with the state police special branch from 1998 to 2001. Later, he was on deputation as SP with the CBI. He was promoted as DIG Intelligence in 2006-2008. Viswanathan has served as Additional Commissioner of Police (Law and Order) Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "12830137", "title": "Eco tourism in Hassan to get a push soon", "text": "HASSAN: With the number of tourists to the district increasing year by year, the Hassan tourism department has chalked out a number of plans to promote eco tourism in the district.Bhaskar, assistant director, department of tourism, told TOI that the tourism potential of Sakleshpur and its surrounding areas has not yet been tapped properly.The department proposes to develop the region as 'Switzerland of Karnataka'. The proposals include setting up of an eco tourism unit near Sakleshpur, developing the historic Manjarabad Fort, promoting adventure tourism and running a special mini-train between Sakleshpur and Subramanya Road. According to him, the stretch between Sakleshpur and Subramanya Road station has 15 large tunnels.\"If we introduce a special mini-train in the Sakleshpur-Subramanya Road stretch, it will help promote tourism in the region.The train will have a halt at Yedakumeri.The mini-train will have four glass coaches and a locomotive engine. We also have a plan to set up a coffee shop at Yedakumeri station.Hassan has many tourist spots like Belur and Halebeedu which boast of temples built in 12th century, Shravanabelagola, a prominent Jain pilgrim centre, Manjarabad Fort, Bisle Ghat and Dakshina Kashi Ramanathpura temple in Arakalgudu.Tourists visiting the district, including foreigners, has also gone up. According to data available in the tourism department, in 2011-12, 41,07,236 tourists visited Hassan where as it was 27,59.948 in 2010. Sharavanabelagola topped the list of visitors followed by Halebeedu.The department also plans to set up a tourism complex near Subramanya railway station and develop adventure tourism by adding trekking, water sports and rope ways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12830167", "title": "Rioting breaks out in Salatwada, 6 injured", "text": "VADODARA: Minor rioting broke out in the Salatwada area on Sunday when two groups entered into heated arguments with each other over a minor issue. Soon, both the groups from different communities resorted to stone pelting leaving at least six people injured. According to police, the argument ensued during a marriage ceremony in Rainbasera on Sunday morning. One of the accused Mustafa was passing through the area on his motorbike.\"His motorbike brushed Smith Solanki, who was eating at a roadside joint. He asked Mustafa to drive the bike slowly following which arguments broke out between the duo. Soon, others in the locality joined in and abused Mustafa,\" said Karelibaug police inspector S M Varotaria. Mustafa was asked to slow down as a tent was erected in the area to host marriage ceremonies.Mustafa then left and came back with his group that entered into arguments with the locals. \"The mobs started pelting stones at each other that led to tension in the area. Police reached the spot and dispersed the mob,\" Varotaria added. However, no one suffered major injuries in the incident. Salim Kalumiyan, Atul Solanki, Ispabhai Ashok, Dilip Solanki and Bhogilal Solanki, all residents of Salatwada, were among the six injured. Police have also registered a case under the Atrocities Act that will be investigated separately. The incident led to tension in the area. Police security has been deployed to avoid any further untoward incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12830220", "title": "3-year-old girl killed in accident", "text": "MANGALORE: A three-year-old girl was killed when a goods tempo collided with the motorcycle on which she was travelling at Gardadi village in Nandibetta in Belthangady taluk on Saturday. The deceased is Neeriksha. Neeriksha's father Chandrashekar, who was riding the motorcycle and her cousins Sangeetha, 10, Nithes, 2, and Naveen, 10, who sustained serious injuries, are undergoing treatment. Police attribute the cause of the accident to rash and negligent driving on the part of the tempo driver. A case has been registered in Belthangady police station.Chain snatchedMiscreants snatched a gold chain of Pawana MS, a resident of Madikeri, near the teachers quarters of Mangalore University under Konaje police station limits on Saturday. The victim was on her way home from Yakshagana Centre nearby on foot when the incident took place. The value of the chain is Rs 35,000. A case has been registered with Konaje police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12830626", "title": "Money is there, but where is the will?", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Congress-led United Democratic Front has revived the dead horse of Mullaperiyar dam issue once again, by allocating special budgetary provision in the annual development plan outlay that was submitted to the planning commission in Delhi last week.Like in previous budgetary allocations, the state went ahead with its proposal of construction of the new dam even before undertaking the mandatory Environment Impact Assessment (EIA) study with regard to the submergence of forest, flora and fauna in Periyar tiger reserve.Dam experts estimate over 50 hectares of virgin forest in Periyar reserve will get submerged, if the proposed Rs 666 crore dam come up here.The state chief minister Oommen Chandy informed the Central planning commission that special focus has been given to construction of Mullaperiyar dam in the plan outlay. There has also been 15 per cent increase in the plan outlay for major and medium irrigation projects from Rs 271.10 crore to Rs 311.83 crore, which would include allocation of construction of the new dam.Last month, finance minister K M Mani also played to the gallery by allocating Rs 50 crore in the state budget for the proposed dam in Mullaperiyar. A senior official with the irrigation department said the state had allocated Rs 10 crore for Mullaperiyar dam in the last state budget also. \"Not even Rs 1 crore was utilised. This fund could have put to better use,'' the official said.Environmentalists said that a proper study needs to be done on environmental impact of the new dam in this eco-sensitive zone and the claims made by the state that the old dam is in bad shape.\"The recent statement of water resource minister P J Joseph that the new dam can be constructed within two years show that we are not serious about the project,'' said a state official.Moreover, the Madhav Gadgil appointed Western Ghat Ecology Expert Panel recommendations may go against the state's plans to construct the new dam. The WGEEP, in its report had said no new dams based on large scale storage should be permitted in Ecologically Sensitive Zone 1(ESZ1).\"The proposed dam site comes under Ecologically Sensitive Zone 1 and also falls under protected forest area that lies in close proximity to the Periyar tiger reserve,'' said WGEEP official.\"The construction of the proposed new dam will definitely have a huge adverse impact on the diverse flora and fauna in Periyar tiger reserve,'' said a senior official with WGEEP.\"The dam's vulnerability and safety is still being contested in the supreme court by Tamil Nadu and Kerala. It is too early to take a decision on the dam as the supreme court is yet to pass an order on the detailed report submitted by an expert committee on the safety and vulnerability of the dam,'' a state official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12828894", "title": "Manipur People's Party extends monetary aid to injured Jessami villager", "text": "IMPHAL: The opposition, Manipur People's Party (MPP) has extended monetary aid to the volunteer of the Village Defence Force (VDF) who was beaten up by Nagaland villagers over boundary dispute. The injured VDF personnel, NI Zovi Wezah (30) is undergoing treatment at the Shija Hospital here.A large number of men from Melourie village along with the armed village guards of the neighbouring state intruded Jessami village in Ukhrul district here and abducted six villagers including the VDF volunteer on Wednesday morning, resurfacing the prolonged border land dispute. Following intervention of the state authorities, the villagers were freed late at night, but Wezah was severely assaulted by the abductors.Led by MPP president-in-charge S Umananda, the party's delegation, while providing the required money to injured Wezah on Sunday afternoon, strongly condemned the act perpetrated by the villagers from neighbouring Nagaland. They demanded the government to deploy adequate security forces in the boundary areas so that such incidents do not occur in the future.Congress legislator Preshow Shimray, who won from Chingai constituency that covers Jessami village, said the villagers were beaten up by about 400 villagers from Melourie village. However, he added that the incident occurred due to the protracted boundary land dispute. He urged the Centre to deploy a company of the India Reserve Battalion (IRB) or Manipur Rifles (MR) in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12836539", "title": "Mollywood gears up for May showdown", "text": "Although Mollywood doesn't have a summer season per se that would see the release of the year's biggest blockbusters, the month of May does pack enough punch to attract the family audience.This year too is no different as some of the most-anticipated flicks due to their peppy and varied themes will find their way onscreen, offering the parents with their kids on vacation a lot to choose from.While the Hollywood superhero-flick The Avengers would undoubtedly be the youngsters' first choice, we take a look at the top five Malayalam options in store this May:Mallu Singh (May 3):Director Vysakh will be hoping to repeat his magic at the box office with the entertainer starring the Seniors cast along with youngster Unni Mukundan. The comic flick set in a fictional Mallu Street in Punjab centres around finding if the lead character is indeed who he says he is.Cast: Unni Mukundan, Kunchacko Boban, Biju Menon, Samvrutha SunilGrandmaster (May 3):It marks media giant UTV's entry in Mollywood but its lead star Mohanlal has more riding on the flick as the superstar is in search for a much-needed hit. Directed by B Unnikrishnan, the thriller has Mohanlal playing a dysfunctional veteran cop who sets about tracking his daughter's kidnappers.Cast: Mohanlal, Narain, Priyamani, Anoop MenonDiamond Necklace (May 4):Set in Dubai , this Lal Jose-flick explores the new-age relationships between its male protagonist Fahadh Faasil and three women. The flick has already generated buzz with few scenes being shot on top of the world's tallest building Burj Khalifa.Cast: Fahad Fazil, Samvrutha Sunil, Gauthami Nair, SreenivasanUsthad Hotel (May 11):This feel-good, coming-of-age flick explores the bond between a youngster and his grandfather, who runs a hotel in Kozhikode Kappad Beach. Though it's not superstar-laden like Anwar Rasheed's previous flicks, the film has a host of young faces onscreen led by Dulquer Salmaan and behind the camera with scribe Anjali Menon.Cast: Dulquer Salmaan, Nitya Menen, Thilakan, Bhagath ManuelHero (May 11):The action-flick tells the story of an assistant stuntman played by Prithviraj with Yami Gautam of Vicky Donor fame playing an actress. The movie promises some of high-octane stunt sequences that are sure to thrill the action buffs.Cast: Prithviraj, Yami Gautam, Sreekanth, Anoop Menon", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12831351", "title": "Man throws acid on wife, blames her beauty for it", "text": "BANGALORE: A painting contractor who suspected that his separated wife was having an affair, blamed it all on her beauty and threw acid on her face on Sunday.Yelling at the top of his voice that she needn't go to beauty parlours anymore, Kumar, 46, emptied a can containing acid on Gowramma, 37. She fell on to the ground as the hot liquid singed her face and hands and screamed for help, but Kumar took to his heels. This happened at Kubasipalya near Kengeri, off Mysore Road.Arrested later in the afternoon , Kumar was booked under Sections 307 (attempt to murder) and 498a (subjecting his wife to cruelty). Showing no remorse, Kumar told reporters at Kengeri police station where he was being interrogated : '' I know what I did was a crime. But I have done the right thing. I did what anyone would have done if he knew his wife was cheating on him.\"Kumar and Gowramma married 17 years ago and had four children. They were living separately for five years after differences cropped up.At the hospital, Gowramma had a different story to tell: '' We had a love marriage and things were smooth for some years... Later, it became tough as he used to assault me every night, accusing me of having illicit relationships. Once things became intolerable, I left the house.''Ironically, only a few hours earlier, Kumar had gone to Gowramma's house in Muddarayanapalya and convinced her to return to him. He told her he had found a new home and wanted her to see it. Kumar took her on his bike, stopped it at Kubasipalya, pulled out a bottle from under the seat and emptied its contents on Gowramma . She was rushed to Shreya Hospital where she is undergoing treatment.THE ACID TRAILAcid attack on teenager: May 12, 2011A jilted lover threw acid on a 16-year-old girl on Magadi Road. Farhana was staying with her mother and sister in a rented house and the brother of houseowner Nandakumar threw acid on her after she refused to marry him. The assailant consumed poison and died in hospital a few days later.Man throws acid on wife: June 17 2011A 35-year-old woman sustained serious burn injuries after her husband threw acid on her face following an argument at her tailoring shop in Padmanabhanagar . The victim Rahamanisa was married to Abdul Vakeel for many years and due to his drinking problem, she decided to divorce him. A furious Vakeel threw acid on her. He surrendered to police a few days later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12829102", "title": "Maths keeps Uttar Pradesh Technical University aspirants guessing", "text": "KANPUR: The entrance exam for seeking admission into colleges affiliated to Uttar Pradesh Technical University was held at 28 centres across the city on Sunday. As many as 19,200 students had registered for appearing in the exam from city, but 250 odd students did not appear in the entrance test. The high attendance during the exam gave cause for satisfaction to the officials of UPTU.The students who came out of the examination centres mentioned that the questions based on physics and chemistry were quite easy. However, the aspirants found mathematics questions tough and time-taking.Meanwhile, the exam was conducted peacefully. Twelve flying squads had been constituted to take rounds of different examination centres during the exam for nabbing any 'Munnabhais', during the exam. However, there were no reports of any cheaters being caught during the exam.A total of 65 examination controllers supervised the examination centres at Kanpur, Etawah and Banda. Harcourt Butler Technological Institute was made the nodal centre for conducting the exam in the city. The exam was conducted in four shifts. The first shift was held from 7.30am to 10.30am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12830251", "title": "Chief Justice: Evaluate true worth of homemakers", "text": "MANGALORE: Is the legal system making a true assessment of homemakers when it comes to awarding compensation to their kin in the eventuality of their demise in an accident? No, says Justice Gopal Gowda, Chief Justice of Odisha high court.A homemaker, as housewives are referred to these days, plays multi-faceted roles right from being a cook, nurse and manager. Her true worth because she has no income of her own cannot be underestimated.Inaugurating a two-day regional advocates conference 2012 organized by the Karnataka State Bar Council here on Sunday, Justice Gowda said, \"Even the apex court as late as last year has upheld the view that homemakers cannot be treated as mere housewives because they are not drawing a salary slip. The judiciary or appellate tribunals handing out notional compensation based on such hackneyed notions is not justified.\"Observing that there is a pendency of nearly three crore cases in courts across India, including 10 lakh cases filed under the Motor Vehicles Act, Justice Gopal said in certain instances, cases filed under the MV Act were not disposed in 25 years. \"The act mandates that cases filed under it should be disposed in six months. Such delays defeat the very purpose of next of kin of an accident victim moving the court for relief,\" he added.Aim of the judiciary in the long run should be to provide relief to common man, he said adding it is imperative that advocates help the judicial system in quick disposal of cases. \"Our aim should be to achieve socio-economic and political justice for all classes of society. There are a large number of people waiting in queues seeking justice. The district and the lower judiciary can play a vital role in speeding up disposal of cases,\" he pointed out.According to Justice Gowda the heart of the judiciary is with the bar. \"Judges must understand lawyers and litigants. Judges should be diplomatic,\" he said, adding that their actions should be transparent where all justice seekers are treated alike. \"Judges should not hide behind technicalities and use technology to fullest. Senior members of the bar too should help in the justice dispensation system,\" he said.Justice S Abdul Nazeer of Karnataka High Court pointed out that the quality of lawyers determines the quality if justice and the dispensation of justice is a joint venture of judiciary and advocates.Anand Kumar Magdum Appu, president, Karnataka State Bar Council presided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12829174", "title": "Online fraud: Two held in Mumbai", "text": "KOCHI: City police have unravelled the modus operandi of the international racket behind the online bank account hacking case. The racket used bank accounts of other people to pump in funds after offering a percentage as commission to the account holders.A Kochi police team, which went to Mumbai, arrested two people who were part of the racket that hacked the online account of a doctor on March 30 and siphoned off Rs 11.14 lakh. The team arrested Thane resident Rohit Rabindra Bose, 19, and Asheez Ashok Salve, 23, from Virar East. While Rohit is an IT hardware technician, Asheez is an executive with a drug manufacturing firm. The two were arrested by a police team led by Kadavanthra sub-inspector Anil George with the help of Mumbai city police. The team has identified three more people, including a woman in Mumbai, who used their accounts to transfer this money. siphoned off from the doctor's account.Central circle inspector D S Suneesh Babu said the arrest helped them identify a part of the racket, which has a wide network across Asia and Africa.\"Racket members get in touch with people to open an account in new generation private banks. Later these accounts are used to pump in money from various sources. The account holder is given a percentage of the cash after he withdraws the amount and hands it over to the racket agentsof the racket,\" he said. the circle inspector.Sub-inspector Anil George said Rohit had an account with a private bank in Mumbai and had given his account details to the racket that transferred Rs 25,000 from the doctor's account. Rohit withdrew the cash from an ATM and was given Rs 2, 000 as commission. for completing the deal.\"More people are involved. The police team will again visit Mumbai to complete the probe,\" George said.Suneesh Babu said a police team will go to Kolkata to seek custody of a Nigerian identified as Felix Ivdubuisi Egedigavealias David, 32, who is currently lodged in jail. \"We will question him as he is said to be organizing the racket activities from jail,\" he said. the officer.The cops had already held two people from Hyderabad in connection with the case. On March 30, 2012 the online bank account of Dr Shabeer Khan was hacked by this racket.Police arrested Hamid alias Mirza Jaffar Baig from Nampally and Sheik Rahan Ali from Chanjun Guda in Hyderabad. Police are on the lookout for Hyderabad natives Muhammed Ali and Atha-ur-Rahman.With the investigation into the hacking of online bank account of a city-based doctor reaching new levels, the Kochi City Police have managed to track the modus operandi of an international racket that make use of bank accounts of other people to pump in funds after offering a percentage as commission to the account holders.A team of Kochi police, which went to Mumbai in connection with the probe into online fraud, arrested two persons from Mumbai who were part of the racket that hacked into the online account of the doctor on March 30 and siphoned off Rs 11.14 lakhs.The arrested were Rohit Rabindra Bose, 19, of Prem Nagar, Jeevadhani, Thane and Asheez Ashok Salve,23, of Vishar East, Mumbai. While Rohit is an IT hardware technician, Asheez is an executive with a drug manufacturing firm.The two were arrested from Mumbai by a police team led by Kadavanthra Sub Inspector Anil George with the help of Mumbai city police. The police team has identified three more persons including a woman in Mumbai who have used their accounts to transfer the money siphoned off from the doctor's account.Central Circle Inspector D S Suneesh Babu said that the arrest just helped them to identify a tip of the racket which had a wide network spread across the entire continent of Asia and Africa. \"The racket members get in touch with the people to open an account in new generation private banks. Later these accounts are used to pump in money from various sources. The account holder is given a percentage of the money remitted as commission once he or she withdraws the amount and hands it over to the agents of the racket,\" the Circle Inspector said.According to Sub Inspector Anil George, Rohit had an account with a private bank in Mumbai and had given the account details to the racket which transferred Rs 25,000 from the doctor's account. Rohit withdrew the money from an ATM and he was given Rs 2000 as commission for completing the deal.\"As per the probe, more people are involved in the racket. The police team will again go to Mumbai to complete the probe,\" the SI said.Suneesh Babu said that a police team will go to Kolkata to seek custody of the Nigerian identified as Felix Ivdubuisi Egedigave alias David, 32, who is currently lodged in jail. \"We need to question the Nigerian as he is said to be organising the activities of the racket from jail,\" said the officer.The city police have already arrested two persons from Hyderabad in connection with the case. It was on March 30, 2012 that the online bank account of Dr Shabeer Khan was hacked by the racket membersThe arrested were Hamid alias Mirza Jaffar Baig,28, of House No 11-1-65/10-C, Agapura Nampally, Hyderabad and Sheik Rahan Ali, 34, of House No-17-8-527, Chanjun Guda, Hyderabad. Police are on the lookout for the other two accused identified as Muhammed Ali, 28, and Atha ur Rahman, 32, of Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12829194", "title": "Made-to-order iPods are music to diners\u2019 ears", "text": "KOCHI: The waiter comes, smiles, greets you, pulls out a notepad.., sorry, iPod and takes your order. The customers are invariably impressed - now, this joint, they smack their lips in anticipation, is no pea in the pod. In a growing trend, various restaurants in Kerala are customising iPods with appropriate software to send orders to the kitchen as well as the billing counter as soon as the waiter types it in.\"It has made the whole process of taking orders, getting it to the chefs and billing quite fast and easy,\" says Ranjith Menon, manager at Noushad Big Chef, Kochi. The 30 tables in the restaurant are covered by four iPods. \"The idea originated from the management side. The software we use was developed specially for us an IT professional,\" Menon reveals.The customers too are lapping up the innovation. \"The food is always on time here and I've never had any other issues regarding time in this hotel. The system they use has made service here better than any other hotel I go to. At other places, they say they'll take just five minutes, but they actually take around half an hour,\" gushes Lakshmi Harindran, a frequent visitor at Big Chef.Moti Mahal in Thrissur too uses iPods to take orders. For Motilal Narayanan, the proprietor, the struck him when he saw a similar software being used in a restaurant in London. 'The software used here is called open core wireless billing system. It was developed in Bangalore.'He has invested Rs 1.5 lakh for two iPods and the software, which according to him is profitable. \"It helps in quick service, saves a lot of time, both for the customers and for us, is very accurate and also makes account tallying easy,\" he says. These iPods also come with net access, which lets the owners keep a tab of what is happening in the restaurant even when they are not there. \"Every half hour I get an SMS showing a summary of the orders. In the case of home deliveries, the software activates Google Maps and shows the exact location and roads to take when an address is typed in,\" Motilal explains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830735", "title": "Jewellers hopeful of big sales on Akshay Tritiya", "text": "MUMBAI: With every advance receipt they prepare in the run-up to Tuesday's festival of Akshay Tritiya, jewellers in Mumbai are hoping to erase the losses of the recent 21-day strike. Customers commonly place orders for gold ornaments and diamond jewellery in advance so they can select the best designs, and take delivery on this day.The bullion industry also expects a rollback in excise duty that was announced in Budget 2012.Akshay Tritiya is one of the three-and-a-half auspicious mahurats of the Hindu almanac apart from Dassera, Dhanteras and Gudi Padwa. People time big purchases like new homes, vehicles, jewellery, gadgets and appliances to coincide with these festivals in the hope that their investment will bear fruit. Investors opt for gold coins or bars whose value does not depreciate. \"Moreover this year, the marriage mahurat starts on Wednesday, the day after Akshay Tritiya,\" says Kumar Jain, vice-chairman of the Mumbai Jewellers' Association. \"So wedding buyers will join regular shoppers to take delivery on Tuesday.\"Dinesh Jain, director of the All-India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation, expects sales volumes to rise 50% compared to the previous year. \"Trading sentiment is buoyed by the finance secretary's statement that for now, no jeweller needs to apply for excise registration. We are expecting a rollback of excise when parliament convenes in the first week of May. The body language of the jewellers seems more relaxed now,\" he laughs.However, a parallel body of traders is less optimistic. \"Inflation is rising with every passing day, the value of the rupee has depreciated to Rs 52 against the dollar, and the rate of gold has hit a high of Rs 28,500 per tola,\" says Prithviraj Kothari, president of the Bombay Bullion Association. \"Shoppers are yet to turn out in strength and I suspect sales will, in fact, dip by half as compared to last year.\"Tuesday is the day of reckoning. Mumbaikars had purchased around 750 kg of gold in ornaments as well as coins last year and it remains to be seen how the scales tip this season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12836111", "title": "Hindu legislator of Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam party jailed in Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A Hindu legislator of the Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam party was on Monday given a one-year prison term by a court in northwest Pakistan after being convicted for possessing a fake BA degree.Kishore Kumar, a member of the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa Assembly, was arrested from the courtroom after Session Judge Shahjahan Khan declared his degree was fake.Besides giving Kumar a one-year prison term, Judge Khan ordered him to pay a fine of Rs 15,000.The legislator was produced in the court at Dera Ismail Khan amidst strict security.Kumar was made a member of the provincial assembly in a seat reserved for minority communities after the 2008 polls.Later, his BA degree from Gomal University was declared fake by the Election Commission.The court had been hearing Kumar's case for the past three months.Kumar filed a petition in the same court seeking bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12831216", "title": "Caste-based honour killings in state on the rise: NGO", "text": "MADURAI: The arrest of the mother and grandmother of a young woman, who was allegedly murdered in 2008, has once again brought back the focus on the disturbing trend of caste-based honour killings in Tamil Nadu.According to A Kathir, executive director of Evidence NGO, investigations had revealed that Thiruselvi, daughter of Poongulathan of Paramakudi was murdered by her mother Ilanchi and grandmother Rakku on June 5, 2008 and not due to illness, as it was initially believed. A fact-finding into the incident by a team from Evidence has shown that Thiruselvi (20) had eloped with Danielraj (24), a dalit in 2008. He had taken her to Tirupur and found employment in a spinning mill. In June 2008, Thiruselvi's family contacted them and promised to get them married if he brought the girl back. But when they complied, the girl was abducted by her family.Danielraj told the investigators that he was made to believe that Thiruselvi died of an illness on June 5, 2008. But according to DSP Ganeshan, the postmortem report had raised many doubts at the time of the girl's death. The final medical report and postmortem report received on Friday proved that the girl had been murdered and did not die of an illness. The mother and grandmother confessed to having forced the girl to drink poison before strangulating her, as she had brought dishonour to the family by marrying a dalit.In another case, a tribal youth Durai (21) of Reddiarpalayam in Thiruvannamalai was murdered on September 1, 2011 by the brother and uncle of a girl, Themozhi, with whom he had fallen in love with. On September 15, the same year, Pasupathy of Ayyanallur in Thanjavur, murdered the dalit girl Ilayarani who he had married for the sake of honour. There were two more such killings recorded in Tiruvarur district and Palani that same month.Kathir says that 5,474 women committed suicide in Tamil Nadu in the year 2009 and the number rose to 6,009 in 2010. The number of women murdered in the state in 2009 was 587 of which 183 were in the age group of 18 to 30. In 2010, 629 women were murdered of which 236 were in the age group of 18 to 30. A close study into the suicides would reveal that it was for personal reasons and mostly instigated by the family members, he added.In the recommendations to the DGP of Tamil Nadu, Evidence NGO expressed an urgent need to bring an Act to tackle honour killings, which affected both males and females, although 95% of the victims were female. Stringent action should be initiated and special rules should be formulated for their immediate arrest, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830619", "title": "Ganpati mandal founder slips, falls to death", "text": "MUMBAI: Dinesh Pai, a founder member of the Gowd Saraswat Brahmin (GSB) Seva Mandal, which organizes sarvajanik Ganpati, met with a tragic death after he fell off the seventh floor of his building in Mahim on Saturday.Pai (63) reportedly ventured to the refuge area adjacent to his flat to pluck flowers for pooja-an everyday ritual-when he lost his balance and fell to the ground, the police said. A refuge area in a building is a place where residents can take shelter during an emergency.Pai, who ran an insurance business, stayed at Fortune Heights on L J Road with his wife, Priya (60). His son, Amit, resides in Italy while his daughter, Anita Kamath, stays in Bahrain. \"Around 9.15am on Saturday, Pai, dressed in a saffron dhoti for pooja, stepped onto the refuge area where a row of plants are kept. As he bent to pluck flowers, he lost his balance,\" a police official said.It was a guard of the housing society who heard a loud thud and rushed to find Pai on the ground. \"Pai had fallen on the rear side of the building. We and his driver rushed to inform his family about it,\" said Yashwant Acharekar, a guard. Besides calling his wife, who was alone at home, the driver also called up Pai's daughter-in-law, who was at her parents' home in the city. The family rushed Pai to Hinduja Hospital where he was declared dead. His family said he sustained injuries on his arm, but they suspect his death was due to shock.\"My father was very active despite being in his 60s. He slept very little and did everything on his own. He had been a part of the GSB Seva Mandal since 1970,\" when the Ganpatis used to be smaller,\"Anita told TOI. Never letting his diabetes come in the way, Pai was involved in a lot of social work. Several GSB leaders condoled his death. \"On Friday, he even attended a friend's funeral,\" said Anita, who and Amit, have also come down to Mumbai. \"The incident is unfortunate. My father-in-law had been going to the refuge area for the past five years. Even we have gone there a number of times,\" Pai's daughter-in-law said. Anita added that having he fire safety measures in the building was of little use, as fire brigades couldn't reach the place in time.The family does not suspect any foul play, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12829836", "title": "Punters reckon close contest polls", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Late afternoon showers added to the damp turnout at the annual elections to the managing committee of the Chandigarh Golf Club with just 957 permanent members exercising their franchise to elect a president and the 11-member executive committee.Though marginally better than the 2011 polls which saw 907 members cast votes, the turnout fell short of the 1,100-1,200 mark seen in previous years. Top Punjab IAS officer and financial commissioner (development) Gurinderjit Sandhu is pitted against three candidates for the post of president. In his final year of service with the Punjab Government, Sandhu is seeking a fifth term as Golf Club president.Late Sunday evening punters at the UT's favoured watering hole reckoned the contest to be a close one between Sandhu and Lt Col (retd) J S Panag. The outcome may well depend on the number of votes cast in favour of former Golf Club captain and coach, Simran Singh, whose presence may cut down the votes that Lt Col Panag garners. Punters put the votes in Simran's favour as anywhere between a 100-150 votes. The fourth contestant, Lt Col (retd) Harpreet Singh is not expected to poll many votes. Voting on Sunday took a significant break from factional and group voting with members also voting on individual preferences.The lack of adequate food and beverage arrangements did rouse much whining and groaning. The prized draught beer kegs were made available to the gathering rather late in the day. As many as 20 members are standing for election to the executive committee as compared to the 14 in the last election. Outgoing president, Malvinder Singh and his team has virtually gone unrepresented in the list of candidates.Counting of votes will be held on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12830223", "title": "Fearing failure, IIT aspirant hangs himself before results", "text": "HYDERABAD: Apprehensive about a poor showing in the IIT-JEE entrance for the second time around, a 20-year-old youth committed suicide by hanging himself, at Chaitanya junior college hostel in LB Nagar, on Saturday night.The victim was identified as Shashimant Reddy of Aler in Nalgonda. After finishing Intermediate, Shashimant had gone for long-term coaching for IIT at Chaitanya residential junior college in LB Nagar.When he appeared for IIT entrance immediately after Intermediate last year, Shashimant secured 154 marks and after taking long-term coaching this year, he appeared for the entrance again but did not do well in the exam.IIT-JEE results are expected to be announced on May 18 this year but Shahshimant feared he could not crack the exam for the second time in a row.\"His friends told us that Shashimant performed very badly even in the ISAT-2012 exam held on Saturday and he was depressed,\" LB Nagar sub-inspector (SI) K Naveen Kumar said.Shashimant used to share a hostel room with two other students and, when they went for dinner at about 8pm, he committed suicide by hanging himself in his room.\"He told his roommates that he was not hungry. When they returned to the room after dinner, the door was locked. As Shashimant was not opening the door for a long time, one of the roommates peeped through the door crack and saw him hanging from the ceiling fan by a bedsheet,\" the SI said.Police found a suicide note in the room in which Shashimant writes that since he had not done well in the IIT entrance, he had decided to end his life.Shashimant's father Rajiv Reddy, an automobile mechanic, alleged that his son committed suicide due to negligence of the college administration.However, based on the suicide note, police booked a case under section 174 (Suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "12830451", "title": "Panchayats polls: More women sarpanchas likely", "text": "BICHOLIM: Though filing of nominations is yet to commence, some aspiring candidates in the 17 village panchayats in this taluka have already starting their campaign through door-to-door visits in their respective wards.Electioneering for the panchayat polls on May 16 is likely to heat up this week after election authorities will start receiving nominations from candidates.In all, the 17 village panchayats in Bicholim taluka have 125 wards. Out of these, seven have been reserved for schedule caste/tribes, 22 for other backward classes while 41 have been reserved for women.As the number of wards reserved for women are more, it is likely that the majority of panchayats will be ruled by women sarpanchas as a sign of women empowerment.A section of people have raised their objections over reservation of wards for OBCs and SC/STs as the wards have been reserved at such places where there is no population of the categories mentioned above.\"The directorate of panchayats has taken a decision of reserving wards without making a proper study due to which there will be confusion over the point of reservation during the course of election period,\" said former sarpanch of Mulgao village panchayat Vasant Gad. Navelim sarpanch Pandhari Gawas has also demanded for undertaking corrections regarding reservations at the earliest as there are several mistakes being committed by the directorate of panchayats while following reservation procedure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12831717", "title": "Teacher training", "text": "The Open University (OU) has received a \u00a3953,523 grant from Kusuma Trust UK for Teacher Professional Development in secondary science and English in Hardoi, Uttar Pradesh, India. The project builds on the OU's work in the award-winning English in Action programme in Bangladesh and the Teacher Education in Sub-Saharan Africa (TESSA) programme. It is based around practical activities for teachers to carry out in their classroom practice, which drive professional development and improvements in student learning. Low-cost materials, including audiovisual ones, will be made available through mobile phones, and teachers will also receive face-to-face training and support, provided as part of the national strategy for improving the quality of secondary education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12829719", "title": "Canal-cleaning may choke water supply to trans-Gomti", "text": "LUCKNOW: The residents of trans-Gomti area may face water shortage during the peak summer months, if the irrigation department continues with its project involving cleaning of a canal. Reportedly, the irrigation department stopped the water supply from Sharda Sahayak Canal into Third Water Works project last week, in order to get the canal cleaned up. However, the project supplies drinking water to a significant portion of trans-Gomti area, including Gomtinagar and Indiranagar, where almost 25 per cent of the city's population resides.As the cleaning exercise is supposed to go on for a month, the water supply from the canal is expected to resume only by mid-May. The residents of Gomtinagar have already expressed their apprehensions over the canal-cleaning exercise affecting the water supply because of the rising demand.President of Gomtinagar Jan Kalyan Mahasamiti, Brikeshwar Tewari said the area is already showing signs of shortage. \"The supply has dipped significantly,\" he said. Tewari said that they would be meeting urban development minister and chairman of UP Jal Nigam, Azam Khan , to apprise him about the situation. \"The exercise needs to be speeded up or else the localities will start facing crisis,\" he said. Both, Gomtinagar and Indiranagar have been witnessing rapid expansion in recent years with more and more people choosing to reside in the two localities.Meanwhile, on Sunday, representatives from the samiti also met municipal commissioner N P Singh, and submitted a charter of demands that also included the water supply.Officials at the Lucknow Jal Sansthan said that they have asked the irrigation department to fill to brim the artificial lake constructed within the project, so that the rising demand could be met. The lake has a capacity of 2,500 million litres of water supply per day. The demand in the two areas is estimated to be around 100 mld, which is likely to go up significantly with the rise in mercury in the next few days.The Third Water Works project was conceptualised in 1998 during the tenure of former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee . After getting delayed for nearly a decade, the project became operational only during the tenure of former UP chief minister Mayawati , in May 2011.UPJN officials, however, said the project was being regularly reviewed throughout this time.Situated in Vikalp Khand of Gomtinagar, the project is served by a huge water reservoir, Kathauta Jheel, which has dried up owing to its poor upkeep. Spread over an area of around 25 acre, the water body would get around 80 million litres of water per day (mld) from Sharda Sahayak Canal.The water supply to the two localities through tube wells is being phased out gradually. In other words, the two areas are now supplied water from a surface water source, a canal in this case. After treating it, the water is lifted to overhead tanks from where it would be supplied to the residential and commercial areas in trans-Gomti.Significantly, the poor upkeep of the over head tanks too has affected the proper water supply to the localities, especially Gomtinagar. The Vishwas Khand water tank is a case in point. The tank after being repaired by Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) was put to test by filling it with water. But much to the dismay of residents, it started leaking and its use had to be discontinued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12829816", "title": "Police nabs evasive O P Meena", "text": "JAIPUR: Police on Sunday arrested notorious criminal Omprakash Meena, a graduate from the Rajasthan University, for his alleged involvement in several cases of murder, murder attempt and robbery. The police also found a loaded pistol in his possession.A police officer said they were searching for Meena over the past few days after he was found involved in attacking a coaching institute owner on April 19 while threatening him to give free admission to some students.\"Omprakash Meena along with other members of his gang was involved in killing one Samarthlal Meena in front of a retail store at Mahesh Nagar area on July 29, 2008. He disappeared after the murder and lived in Mumbai for two years.He added that the police have been trying to nab Meena since a long time. The police have accused Meena in serious crimes like murder, attempt to murder and robbery.According to police, \"On 19 April O P Meena threatened a coaching institute owner and forced him to admit some students without any tuition fees.A police team was constituted to apprehend the culprit on the directions of ACP Anil Rao. On Sunday the police team successfully executed the plan and caught the accused Meena at Kartarpura with the loaded pistol.Police said that Meena (30) lives at Bamanvas in Sawai Madhopur. After enquiry, police came to know that he started living in Mahesh Nagar area after completing graduation from Rajasthan College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12835640", "title": "Arjun Kapoor\u2019s Buddy In Lucknow", "text": "One got a very interesting call from Lucknow from a man claiming to have become Arjun Kapoor's best friend while the debutant actor was shooting near Lucknow for IshaqzaadeThe man introducing himself as Avneesh Yadav bragged that he had actually turned Arjun Kapoor from 'Bamabaiyya' to a 'UP Ka Chokra'. That he in fact taught the boy the local dialect, how to walk, and conduct himself like a local not from Lucknow but even more in the interiors .The film was shot in a small town called Hardoi near Lucknow.Avneesh Yadav even claimed to have bagged a role in Ishaqzaade because of his friendship with the film's leading man.While taking Mr Yadav's proclamations with a bucket of salt one contacted Arjun Kapoor.And surprise of surprises, a close friend of Arjun confirmed that Avneesh was telling the truth.Says Arjun friend, \"Avneesh became Arjun's best friend in UP . Anveesh is a taxi driver whom Arjun met on the Lucknow airport. On the journey from the airport to the hotel Arjun got around to talking with his driver and soon they hit it off. Before Avneesh reached Arjun to his hotel they had become buddies.Arjun suggested that Avneesh drive him all around Lucknow and Hardoi throughout his shooting.\"From that point till the shooting was over Avneesh and Arjun were inseparable.Says Arjun friend, \"Avneesh in fact became a reference point for Arjun's character in Ishaqzaade . Director Habib Faizal told Arjun to use Anveesh's mannerisms, body language and spoken language. In fact Arjun's performance is finally modelled on Avneesh.You see Arjun had all the personality traits of a Juhu boy.Avneesh helped Arjun transform into a UP ka launda.\"To top it all, Avneesh finally got to do a role in Ishaqzaade .Says Arjun's friend, \"Avneesh could've never imagined he would actually be sharing frames with the hero of the film. He was just happy mingling with the unit. Now he claims to his friends he is a Yashraj discovery. And he isn't wrong. Avneesh has given a very confident performance in his cameo.\"Avneesh and Arjun have remained connected even after his return home to Mumbai.Avneesh can't wait for the film to open. He has decided to book an entire theatre for his family and friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12837339", "title": "Ozma takes the city on a memorable ride", "text": "The city recently witnessed a cultural evening that will stay etched in its memory for days to come.In a case of 'band'ing across borders, leading French jazz band OZMA performed at the Sayajibaug amphitheatre, and it was one of the most interesting programmes that the city has seen in a long time.To start with, the band members were joined by some leading Carnatic musicians from Darpana in Ahmedabad, and they presented the jugalbandi that they had developed during a recent residency project. It was a treat to the ears, indeed, and hundreds of Barodians, who had turned up at the public park to enjoy their evening walk, were greeted with a musical treat.However, it didn't end there. Adding the visual treat to this event, which was organized by Alliance Francaise, was the inclusion of classical Indian dance forms. Noted Kathak performer Sanjukta Sinha preformed on the occasion to make the evening even more memorable.Music knows no barriers, indeed! Everyone who had turned up on the occasion had the time of their lives and were heard talking about the unique concept. In fact, the dance performances had been kept a secret from the audience till the last moment and it turned out to be a very pleasant surprise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12829406", "title": "Tribal woman marries off minor for dowry in Malda", "text": "MALDA: A calf, three saris and Rs 1,000 were enough to lure the parents of a minor to convince her for a marriage. The dole from the groom's house came as a quick buck for the mother, a resident of village Khochakandor under Habibpur police station, who fooled the cops by saying that her 11-year-old daughter had turned 18 and was ready for marriage. When asked about the legal implications, the woman said she was aware of those. \"I know my daughter is minor and can't get married.Her father is not bothered and we have to frequently visit other districts for works. My daughter was growing and she had to get married. And I found the proposal from neighbouring village Chunakandor hard to resist.Had my girl been grown-up, we had to shell out huge dowry which is beyond our capacity,\" said the mother.The groom was a labour and wanted to wed Sita . He offered, true to the custom of tribal society, dowry of money, a calf and three sarees. \"Nothing like it\", Maramoyi felt. \"Had the girl been grown up, we could have given the dowry which is beyond our capacity.\"It happened on April 19. When the cops visited their house on April 19, the mother fooled them and they returned.The marriage was later performed. But, the members of an NGO in Bulbulchandi and Barind Development Society informed the social welfare department. Accordingly, Child Helpline informed the cops and the Mangalpura gram panchayat. Officials from Habibpur police station visited the minor's house on April 19, the day fixed for the wedding. \"But the mother informed the cops that her daughter has turned 18. And the cops came back. The wedding was later performed,\" said sources.On Saturday, when this correspondent visited the primary school, where the minor used to study, he got to know the truth. TNNa teacher showed her birth record, according to which she was born on November 10, 2000. The teacher said the girl has stopped coming to school after her marriage.On the other hand, the mother looked. Are you aware of the dangers lying in marrying under 18? ---\"Why not? Being a woman I know it better than. But who could look after my daughter once she grew up? Will anyone marry her without dowry?\" she said.Cops refused to speak on the issue saying that the officer, who had gone to the minor's place, was out of station. Panchayat member Uttam Mandal, who accompanied police, said: \"Her mother claimed that the daughter was above 18 and we returned. Fearing reaction among the tribals, we decided not to act against the marriage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12829308", "title": "Delhi gets knotty, gold gets back shine", "text": "NEW DELHI: This Tuesday, all roads will lead to marriage halls and jewellery shops. With the auspicious Akshaya Tritiya round the corner, it's a day when Delhiites want to make the most of the auspicious moments as they plan family events, buying a car, among other things.Many banquet halls have already been booked weeks in advance while beauty parlours are planning to stay open even though it's a Tuesday. Traffic police are on alert for the inevitable snarls as Delhi prepares for a large number of marriages.Pandits across the city will also be busy on the occasion. \"The day is special as Akshaya Tritiya means that every second of the day is auspicious and the best day to do something good for the family. You don't even require a pandit to chalk out an auspicious time, as the whole day is lucky,'' said Acharya Mahesh Vashist, who has a house-warming event, a hotel inauguration and several religious ceremonies lined up for the day. Narendra Gupta, owner of a banquet hall at Kalkaji, said his hall will host an engagement ceremony in the morning and a wedding later in the evening.Beauty parlours are expecting a rush as well. \"We have kept the beauty parlour open on Tuesday since we have special requests for bridal packages. We are booked for the day though most parlours are usually closed on Tuesdays,\" said Neelima Kukreja, owner of Scissors, a beauty parlour at SDA Market opposite IIT.Traffic snarls due to the wedding rush is expected on Tuesday evening, with a large number weddings set to take place. \"We will have teams where marriages take place in large numbers and will be monitoring those areas. Congestion is expected with the evening rush and the wedding crowd,\" said Satyendra Garg, joint commissioner of police (traffic). Traffic congestion is expected on NH-8, Punjabi Bagh, Rajouri Garden, Alipur, Karol Bagh and Vivek Vihar, among other areas on Tuesday evening.Farmhouses have to ensure there is enough parking inside the venue for all vehicles brought by the guests and that no procession walks down the roads leading to the farmhouses, said traffic cops. \"Often, baraatis walk up to a kilometre to reach the venue resulting in traffic jams,\" said a senior traffic police officer.Police said cars parked illegally along the roads leading to the wedding venues will be towed away.\"No illegal parking will be tolerated. Earlier, we had written to MCD about a large number of wedding venues, which were not following norms. We will ask for cancellation of licenses of such farmhouses if rules are flouted,\" said JCP Garg.Business glitter: Jewellers pin hope on big dayJewellers hope that business will pick up on Akshaya Tritiya after a fall in demand due to inflation and the recent strike over the proposals made in this year's budget. Jewellers across the country had called a 21-day strike in March over imposition of excise duty on unbranded jewellery, levying of tax collection at source, and doubling of customs duty on gold.\"We are anticipating resurgence in demand on Akshaya Tritiya. The fact that gold prices have remained stable since March will further strengthen buyers' confidence,\" says Vimal Kumar Goyal, president of Delhi Bullion and Jewellers' Welfare Association.\"The rates have been hovering between Rs 27,000 and Rs 28,000 per 10g for some time now. This makes the market favourable for purchasing, though the prices are higher compared to what they were during the same period last year,\" he says.Jewellers are counting on Akshaya Tritiya to also make up for the slack during Navaratra last month, as a large part of the festive season was spent in protesting against the changes proposed in the budget.\"Normally, business is brisk during Navaratra, but the strike led to a dent in profits. After the strike, there was hardly any sale to cushion the blow,\" says Ankit Kohli, who owns Karol Bagh's Raj Jewellers. \"As it is the demand had been punctured by sky-high prices,\" adds Kohli.A report by the World Gold Council bears out his claims. Demand for gold in India for jewellery and investment purposes dipped by 7% year on year, it says. It also said demand for gold in the country might remain high due to the cultural link with the metal, but \"lower number of auspicious days in the 2012 Hindu Calendar relative to recent years is likely to temper gold demand to some degree.\"However, jewellers say going by the present purchasing trend, heavy purchases in jewellery, particularly light-weight jewellery, seem likely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12831418", "title": "JD-U to organize blood donation camp in city today", "text": "PATNA: About 150 JD(U) workers have got themselves registered for donating blood at a camp being organized at the party office here on Monday.State president and JD(U) MP Vashistha Narain Singh said that the party is quite alert about its social obligation. He said that the manner in which tree plantation work has been carried out at the panchayat level by the state government, the party felt it necessary to hold blood donation camps. Singh said that blood donation is important in the sense that poor patients normally don't get blood on time as a result many of them die. He stressed on the need to donate blood on a massive scale so that there is no dearth of blood for needy patients in the stateSingh hoped that more party workers would enroll their name as blood donors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "12835574", "title": "Hearing in Sankararaman murder case adjourned to April 25", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: A local court on Monday adjourned to April 25 further proceedings in the Sankararaman murder case, in which the Kanchi seers Jayendra Saraswathi and his junior Vijayendra are the prime accused.Principal district and sessions judge CS Murugan adjourned the case as Padma, widow of Sankararaman, had filed a writ petition in the Madras high court seeking directions to Puducherry court to consider her petitions seeking police protection to her family and re-examination of herself, her son and daughter in the case.Padma had told reporters on April 11 that she felt re-examination in the case was necessary as herself and her family members had been 'threatened' in the court premises on August 6, 2009 by some persons while she was being taken to depose as a witness and told to give false evidence.Padma's son Anand Kumar Sharma and daughter Uma Maitreyi had also deposed in the court then as witnesses. Sankarararman, manager in the Varadaraja Perumal temple in Kancheepuram, was allegedly murdered on the premises of the temple on September 3, 2004.Jayendra and Vijayendra have been charged under IPC sections 120-B (criminal conspiracy) and 302 (murder). The trial was shifted to Puducherry court from Chengalpattu in Tamil Nadu by an October 2005 Supreme Court order on a petition filed by Jayendra Saraswathi. The two seers were exempted from personal appearance in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830695", "title": "5 injured as two BEST buses collide in Worli", "text": "MUMBAI: Four passengers and a bus driver were injured when a BEST bus (route No. 84 Ltd) rammed into another (No. 83) in Worli on Sunday. This is the fourth time in the last 16 days that a BEST bus has been involved in an accident.BEST public relations officer N A Walavalkar said, \"While four passengers were treated at MA Podar Hospital and later discharged, the driver is undergoing treatment at KEM Hospital. The BEST will conduct a detailed inquiry into the collision, the second such case in the last four days.\"Any of the two drivers found at fault is likely to face suspension.The bus No. 83, which had begun its journey from Santa Cruz , arrived at a bus stop in Worli around 3.10pm when it was hit from behind by the other bus, which was coming to south Mumbai from Goregaon. \"The driver of stationary bus sustained injuries and got himself admitted to KEM Hospital,\" Walawalkar said.On April 19, two BEST buses collided near Bandra Reclamation. Nobody was injured in the accident, but the windscreen and the rear glass panes of the buses were damaged and the vehicles were taken off roads.Terming the two accidents (Sunday's and the one on April 19) \"minor collisions\", BEST authorities said passengers need not panic. BEST committee members are taking these incidents seriously. \"I will raise the issue at the next meeting. Passenger safety should be our priority,\" . We cannot tolerate injury to any commuter nor can we incur losses due to damage,\" said BEST panel member Ravi Raja.On April 17, more than 20 passengers had a close shave on the busy S V Road in Andheri (W) after the brakes of a BEST bus reportedly failed. The vehicle had rammed into a divider and crashed through a fence. Engineers in the transport undertaking rebuffed the brake failure theory , saying it was negligence on part of the driver.The bus driver, when questioned, said he lost control of the vehicle and the brakes failed. The front two wheels then jumped over the divider near Shoppers Stop and the vehicle rammed into the fence erected over the divider. The BEST will now conduct a detailed inquiry and ascertain the cause of the accident.\"On April 6, a double decker BEST bus overturned near Kalanagar, killing a biker and injuring more than 18 passengers.While a senior BEST official said the number of fatal accidents involving the undertaking's buses had declined over the last few years, BEST committee members refuse to buy this theory. \"We should ensure that there is not a single accident on the road,\" Raja added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12830597", "title": "State to have monitoring agency to streamline adoption soon", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A state-level monitoring agency called State Adoption Resource Agency (SARA) will be constituted to streamline and check illegal adoptions in Kerala. It will function on the basis of the guidelines of the Central Adoption and Resource Agency ( CARA).\"The number of prospective parents waiting for adoption is over 600, while the children available for adoption in the state are not more than 100. Probably, the lesser number of children for adoption could be due to illegal adoptions through unrecognized agencies and unwed mothers abortion,\" Kerala Voluntary Adoption Coordinating Agency (VACA) coordinator Meena Kuruvila told TOI on Sunday.Last year, 228 children from the adoption homes in the state were placed for in-country adoption and this year, about 200 children have been given for in-country adoption, she said. Constitution of SARA will help streamline, prevent illegal adoptions and form part of the implementation of Integrated Child Protection Services in the state and the government is at it,\" she said.With that, registration of orphanages under Juvenile Justice Act (JJ Act) will ensure family based rehabilitation through adoption and foster care of children, as the Act enshrines the child's right to family through de-institutionalisation, she said. Orphans, destitute and abandoned children from broken families at the child care institutions in state can be placed for adoption, she said.\"The children in fondling homes and orphanages in the state can be given for adoption only after transferring them to licensed adoption agencies. The children will be placed before the Child Welfare Committee (CWC) and unless declared that the child is legally free for adoption, adoptions cannot be permitted,\" Meena Kuruvila said.Currently, only four adoption homes in the state are authorised to carry inter-country adoptions and 17 adoption homes hold the license for in-country adoptions, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12829530", "title": "CBI team quizzes BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bharatiya Janata Party MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh was quizzed in connection with RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case on Sunday here by the new investigation team of the Central Bureau of Investigations (CBI).The team headed by T Rajah Balaji, Superintendent of Police, Delhi special crime cell III has been asked to probe the role of the MLA in the case.\"Yes the CBI has talked to me,\" the MLA told TOI. However, he refused to divulge the details.When contacted, Balaji on the other hand refused to talk. \"I don't want to take your call\", please, he said.Singh was questioned in CBI office reportedly for a long time by Balaji. This was not the first time that the legislator had been grilled. He was quizzed thrice and put to a lie detector test by the CBI in the past.The accused Zaheda Pervez and Saba Farooqui, now, in judicial custody, has put the CBI is an awkward position with their allegation that the agency was shielding the MLA.After this shocking accusation, the CBI director A P Singh, in an apparent damage control exercise reportedly asked Balaji - one of the best investigators to rush to Madhya Pradesh from New Delhi and probe Singh's role in the murder case.Two days back, Balaji had grilled Zaheda and Saba in Indore district court for more than four-hours. Then he also questioned other three accused - a local history sheeter Saqib alias Danger, Uttar Pradesh's Kanpur based sharpshooter Irfan and his accomplice Tabish in that district central jail.According to CBI investigations underway, Zaheda with the help of Danger hired Irfan and Tabish for Rs five lakh to kill Shehla on August 16 last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12833297", "title": "OK OK remake rights becomes hot", "text": "Oru Kal Oru Kannadi has taken a grand opening. The film marked the debut to Udayanidhi Stalin as hero and it had a mega opening, which surprised the industry pundits. Sources say that several filmmakers in Bollywood , Tollywood, Sandalwood and Mollywood are vying to procure the remake rights of OK OK.It is said that some leading stars in these industries like the comedy throughout the film and want to cash in on it.Meanwhile, Udayanidhi is basking in glory over the success of his film and is looking into scripts for his next venture. He has said that comedy films are his favorite genre now and would look for other types of scripts only after doing a couple of comedy flicks.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12834979", "title": "SC dismisses PIL against Lt Gen Bikram Singh as next Army chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has dismissed the PIL filed against appointment of Lt Gen Bikram Singh as the next Army chief.Dismissing the PIL, Supreme Court said it saw no reason to intervene in the matter.The apex court ruling came after it went through the file relating to the appointment of Lt Gen Bikram Singh.The court said that the government had gone through all the allegations against Bikram Singh before clearing his name as Army chief.The Centre had opposed the PIL saying it has been filed with malafide intention and for raising the age controversy again.The SC made it clear at the outset that the date of birth issue of General V K Singh will not be reopened on any ground.The Supreme Court also refused to hold 'in-camera' proceedings of the PIL.A group of retired armed forces officials and bureaucrats had challenged the appointment of Lt Gen Bikram Singh as the next chief of the Army.Retired Admiral Laxminarayan Ramdas is the leader of the group, had filed the PIL alleging that Bikram Singh, who heads the Army's Eastern Command, was not fit to hold the office.The PIL alleged that Bikram Singh was involved in a fake encounter in 2001.The petition also alleged that Lt General Singh failed to act against officers involved in sexual harassment and rape when they were posted in Congo in 2008 as part of the UN peace-keeping mission.It claimed that Bikram Singh's promotion has been influenced by extra-meritorious considerations.In March 2001, a 60-year-old man was killed in an encounter by the Army on the outskirts of Anantnag in Kashmir. Lt Gen Singh was then a Brigadier heading the 1 Sector Rashtriya Rifles, headquartered in Anantnag.He was injured in the encounter and was given a gallantry medal. A colonel and another jawan were killed in the firing between the two sides. The Army claimed that the man who was killed was a wanted foreign militant. His family argued in court that Abdullah Bhat was a daily-wage earner.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12831614", "title": "Don\u2019t be irritated, nagging keeps you healthy &amp; active", "text": "LONDON: It appears that nagging is good for your health, especially if you are above 30, as it acts like a constant reminder for people to lose weight or become more active, a study has found.The study, which was based on a series of interviews from the UK, showed that the least active people felt that constant nagging from their family - spouse or children - affected their health in a positive way.In the study, researchers from the University of Lincoln focused on modifiable social influences on motivation towards physical activity, rather than fixed factors used to predict health such as gender and ethnicity . These included giving impetus (by nagging); supporting progress with emotional and moral support; logistical support like looking after the kids for some time; and making activity itself a social endeavour, such as going with friends.\"The aim of this study was to help people examine their lifestyle as a whole and establish what the key factors are in influencing their activity levels,\" study author Dr Richard Keegan was quoted as saying by the Daily Mail.\"The most common barriers to active lifestyles were work, long commutes and provision of facilities. However, it became clear that if you know who to ask, it's also possible for your social network to help you become more active, for example, by going for a run with colleagues straight after work. \"The good news is that the study suggests once you are active and healthy, you no longer need nagging . Most importantly, however, the suggestion that 'nagging is good' should only be applied to getting healthy and active!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12829669", "title": "Mayor instructs pool staff to speed up renovation", "text": "NASHIK: Taking note of the complaints regarding Swatantrya Veer Savarkar Swimming Pool and the inconvenience caused to people due to the delay in the renovation work, mayor Yatin Wagh visited the pool on Saturday and instructed officials concerned to quicken the pace of work.Since December 2011, the men's pool at Swatantrya Veer Savarkar Swimming Pool has been closed for repairs. Corporator Tanaji Jaybhave (CPM) had written to the mayor about the condition of the pool and the inconvenience caused. He mentioned that for the past two years, the swimming pool has not had sufficient staff for maintenance and that there is mismanagement among the existing staff. He added that the filter was often not operational and the water has excess chlorine.Jaybhave also mentioned that the main swimming pool has been closed for four months and it seems unlikely that the pool would be ready this month. He said that those who have annual membership have not benefitted this year. He alleged that certain people were let in without being charged. He also said the contractor in charge of repair works was working at snail's pace.In response to Jaybhave's letter, Wagh visited the pool along with corporator and group leader Sujata Dere, and other NMC officials. The mayor ordered officials to complete the repairs on a war footing and make the pool available for the public at the earliest.Currently, men and women are using the women's pool at different times. Last month, executive engineer UB Pawar had said that the pool would be ready by April. The contractor, Sunil Bafna, had said, \"It took us one month and 300 nozzles to stop the leakage. Now we can speed up the work.\"Sources in the swimming pool management said that the pool should be ready for use by mid-May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12830323", "title": "Protesting forestry students threaten self-immolation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Agitating students of the lone forestry college in the state under Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT) braved the scorching heat to continue their dharna at Mahatma Gandhi Marg here on Sunday. They also carried their luggage with them as the college was closed sine die by the university authorities on Saturday evening, forcing students to vacate hostels by 8 pm. The students have been sitting on a dharna for the past 57 days protesting against a recruitment policy of the forest department that gives more opportunities to general graduates than forestry graduates.\"So far we have been protesting peacefully but as the government has not paid any heed to our demands, now students are loosing their patience and we may take drastic steps like self-immolation at any moment,\" said president of the students' union Manoj Behera.The students have been demanding forestry graduates be posted as assistant conservators of forests (ACFs) and range forest officers (RFOs) in the state.Students said they have already met the chief minister and forest minister but everyone is trying to suppress the demands by giving false assurances. \"We have decided to continue our strike unless we get some concrete or written assurance from the government,\" said Behera.Vice-chancellor D P Ray said, \"The forestry students have not been attending classes for almost two months. Besides, they are threatening of self-immolation attempts. So in the academic counseling meeting we decided to close the college sine die.\"Agitating student Bikram Maharana countered, \"The authorities are playing with us. On the one hand they are asking for time to solve the problems and on the other they closed down the college. But we are not going to give up so easily.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12831700", "title": "World University Tour", "text": "Universities from across the world are coming to India between May 12 and 18 to meet and recruit Indian students.The QS World University Tour, an undergraduate recruitment event - conducted by the team behind the QS World University Rankings - brings together a range of institutions, including Grenoble, Hult, IE Business School, SOAS London and University of Birmingham, among others, to meet with Indian students looking to study abroad.Marina Tirado, Head of International Development at IE University in Spain says, \"Over the course of the last year, India has played a major role in global business. The talent of Indian students is internationally renowned, which is why we're actively recruiting these future leaders to our university.\"Several institutions participating in the tour will provide scholarships and offer practical advice on how to apply to different financial aid schemes. Attendees will also get the opportunity to speak with admissions directors from universities across the world, receive admissions advice from independent experts and attend seminars on studying abroad.As the event is free, it is recommended that attendees log on to www.topuniversities.com/tour and register online prior to the event in order to secure a spot on the day of the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12834420", "title": "What's driving people to buy smartphones", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faster Internet accessibility and ability to use more applications are the main reasons that drive people to buy smartphones, a report by Ericsson Consumerlab said.\"Among today's users in high growth markets, smartphone adoption is driven by application functionality and a faster Internet experience,\" the Ericsson ConsumerLab's Emerging App Culture report said.About 43 per cent people say that better Internet access is the main reason for buying a smartphone while 33 per cent prefer to buy these devices to access more applications, the report said.The research was carried out among smartphone users in the 15-54 year age group, who accessed Internet at least once a week, in India, Russia and Brazil.\"The app culture emerging in these high-growth markets reflects a trend similar to that in the US... we see a general evolution toward new users purchasing increasingly specialised apps, such as those for dating services and price comparison, from the moment they get their smartphones,\" Ericsson ConsumerLab Senior Specialist Jasmeet Singh Sethi said.People mostly use their smartphones to check in to locations, use maps for navigation, watch Internet TV, movies, live news, play online games, among others, the study showed.A majority owners are first-time users who purchased their smartphone during the past six months, it added. However, mobile applications (apps) are used differently across the three markets.\"The Indian smartphone users are more interested in downloading personalisation applications, such as screen savers, live wallpapers and third party browsers apart from social media applications and games,\" it said.Russians use their phones for navigation and maps, shopping comparisons, barcode scanners, translators, dictionaries while the Brazilians used applications to enhance their social interactions, the report said.The study said users have few applications on their phones but they use them frequently.\"While 69 per cent say they access Internet using applications daily, almost half do not use more than one to five applications on a weekly basis,\" the study said.When it comes to the daily application usage, 49 per cent people say they use it for social networking, 39 per cent for chat, 31 per cent for weather forecasts, 26 per cent for news, 20 per cent for maps, GPS and navigation and 12 per cent for timetables and traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12830018", "title": "Raval out, AG takes up Italian ship case in SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union government on Sunday decided to field attorney general G E Vahanvati in the case relating to detention of Italian ship Enrica Lexie to douse the controversy sparked by a law officer's statement on Friday in the Supreme Court that Kerala Police had no jurisdiction over the merchant vessel.Miffed by additional solicitor general Harin Raval's stand, Kerala chief minister Oomen Chandy wrote to law minister Salman Khurshid seeking the law officer's replacement.Raval had told a bench of Justices R M Lodha and H L Gokhale that he had doubts whether Kerala Police had jurisdiction over the Italian ship as it was in international waters when two of its marines shot dead two Kerala fishermen allegedly mistaking them for pirates.The bench too was surprised by the Centre's stand and decided to adjourn the hearing till April 30 to get the responses of the families of the victims.The marines of Enrica Lexie are still in judicial custody facing trial for the alleged murder of the fishermen, whom they claimed to have mistaken as pirates.The shooting incident happened on February 15 but the marines were arrested a few days later by Kerala Police after protracted negotiations and diplomatic activity.Though Raval had clarified on Friday that he had expressed his personal opinion after going through the coordinates of the ship recorded in the high court judgment, ministries of external affairs and shipping issued statements contradicting Raval and claiming that India had jurisdiction over the ship.The ship owners had moved the Supreme Court challenging a Kerala HC division bench judgment, which had stayed a single-judge bench's order permitting the ship to leave the territorial waters of India.The ship owners had agreed to deposit reasonable compensation money for permission to sail out of Indian waters. They had pleaded that anchoring off the Indian coast was costing them their business of transporting containers.Raval, while expressing his personal opinion on the location of the ship at the time of crime, had also told the apex court that the Directorate General of Shipping had no objection if the ship was released.The Kerala chief minister, in a faxed letter to Khurshid on Saturday, wanted to know the circumstances under which the ASG had submitted to the SC that state police had no jurisdiction to detain the Italian ship.The ASG's stand had put the Congress-led UDF government in a piquant position as it had all along maintained that India had jurisdiction over the ship when the marines fired at a boat holding Indian registration and killed two Indians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12833462", "title": "Nayanthara to oust Amala Paul", "text": "Jayam Ravi is happy that Aadhi Bhagvan is finally to be wrapped up. The actor is now raring to shift his focus to his next film - Boologam, which will commence in June. Sources say that talks are on with Nayanthara to play the female lead in this film.Nayan has been approached for this film but the actress has not given her assent till now. In the mean time, Jayam Ravi will undergo a special boxing training as the script requires it.Boologam is to be directed by N. Kalyanakrishnan and produced by Aascar Films. The director had apprenticed under SP Jananathan, it may be mentioned here. Earlier Amala Paul was in fray to play the heroine.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12830030", "title": "Two-day Basava Jayanti festivities from tomorrow", "text": "MYSORE: Basava Jayanthi will be celebrated in a grand manner here for two days from April 24.After unfurling the Basava flag on Tuesday at 8.30am, a grand colorful procession, complete with the portraits of Basavanna, will be taken out in the accompaniment of hundreds of folk artistses and music bands. It will start at Jagadguru Sri Shivarathri Rajendra Circle and conclude in Kalamandir, after passing through Devaraj Urs Road and JLB Road.The district administration, the department fo Kannada and culture, Akhila Bharatha Veerashaiva Mahasabha, Basava Balaga and other Veerashaiva organizations and institutions are organizing the event.Briefing reporters on the celebrations, campaigning committee president M H Mahadeva Swamy said a seminar on superstitious beliefs and culture, kamsale (folk dance), and play 'Chora Charanadasa' will be organized.Apart from the aforesaid events, a cultural programme exclusively for women and children will also be held on the final day of celebrations.Event detailsApril 24: Unfurling of Basava flag at 8.30am, and garlanding of Basavana statue at 9am at Jagadguru Sri Shivarathri Rajendra Cirlce; inauguration by Mysore district minister S A Ramdas at Kalamandir at 11.30am, Jagadguru Sri Shivarathri Deshikendra Mahaswami will preside; seminar on superstitious beliefs and culture at 4pm, kamsale (folk dance) at 6pm, staging of play 'Chora Charanadasa' at 7pm.April 25: Cultural programme for women and children at 9.30am; felicitation programme at 4.30pm; cultural and classical dance programmes at 7pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12829691", "title": "Mulayam condoles Nagar's demise", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav has expressed grief on the death of noted theatre artist Ravi Nagar. Mulayam said Nagar's contribution in the field of theatre music is unmatchable. His demise is a loss to the theatre industry.Lucknow University teachers too paid tributes to Nagar. They said, \"A gifted alumnus of LU, Ravi Nagar's voice resounded in all competitions and programmes held on the campus in early 80s. He was an extremely talented and effortless artiste who would sing for friends on railway platforms as well as on prestigious podiums.'' LU spokesperson Prof Rajesh Mishra said: \"When someone like him becomes a memory, the memory becomes a treasure.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12829844", "title": "LNJP: Second attack in 2 days", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two days after six doctors were attacked in LNJP Hospital by relatives of a girl, another doctor from the hospital was assaulted on Sunday. This time, a woman intern was allegedly verbally and physically abused by a couple who objected to the manner in which the doctor was treating their 10-year-old child, said police. Both have been arrested.The couple had brought their son to the hospital after he had an asthma attack while watching the IPL match at Ferozeshah Kotla stadium on Saturday night. Police said the couple had alleged that during the nebulization treatment, the intern asked them to handle the equipment instead of doing it herself.The parents have been identified as Monisha, a homemaker, and John, a banker. They are residents of Gurgaon.The incident took place in the emergency (paediatrics) ward of Lok Nayak Jai Prakash Hospital around 12.20am on Sunday. In her complaint to police, Dr Vandana Kataria, the intern, said, \"I was discharging my duty to the patient, Joshua, who was brought to me as an emergency patient and was giving nebulization to the patient when the child's parents started abusing me. Suddenly, the child's mother slapped me.\" Kataria added in her complaint lodged at the IP Estate police station, \"This way, they stopped me from discharging my duty and at the time of the incident, there were no guards present in the emergency (paediatrics) division.\"Police said that after this, the parents tried to flee from the hospital but were stopped by hospital staff. Additional deputy commisioner of police (central) Aslam Khan said, \"They were arrested and produced at the Tis Hazari court.\" Cops said the couple had been charged under Sections 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty) and 186 (obstructing public servant in discharge of public functions) of the Indian Penal Code.Dr A K Aggarwal, the dean of Maulana Azad Medical College, which is associated with LNJP, told TOI, \"I have not received the details of the case yet because I have not been informed. But if this has happened, such incidents cannot be tolerated. I will find out the details. People should leave their emotions at home and they should respect the doctors treating their kin.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12831590", "title": "SMS to alert if vaccine is going bad", "text": "NEW DELHI: Imagine a vaccine box that sends you an SMS everytime the temperature in it rises, threatening the quality of vaccines in it.Indian scientists are calling it \"a thermometer with a SIMCARD in it\" . In what will greatly reduce vaccines going bad due to temperature fluctuations - a phenomenon that could endanger the life of a child injected with the vaccine, the Public Health Foundation of India (PHFI) is just four weeks away from field testing a unique temperature measurement system which will sense the temperature in the vaccine box and on an hourly basis send an SMS to a server in charge of temperature reading.The system will also raise an alarm for the Auxiliary Nurse Midwives (ANM) working under the National Rural Health Mission, when temperature range is breached besides informing supervisors of the cold chain breach.Speaking to TOI, the creator of this temperature sensor and biomedical engineer Kanav Kahol says with this system, it will be possible to track temperature right upto delivery of the vaccine to the baby . \"This last mile of vaccine delivery is extremely critical for ensuring effectiveness of the vaccine . In another four weeks, we will be ready with the sensor following which it will be field tested by health workers on the ground in Uttar Pradesh or Bihar.\"We have tested the technology before and recorded results with close to 100% accuracy,\" said Kanav who has worked with Nobel laureate Dr Lee Hartwell at the Arizona State University's Biodesign Institute on creating persuasive technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12831689", "title": "How to save on your vacation", "text": "With summer vacations fast approaching , if you are keen on anything but a stay at home holiday , it's high time you started planning for it. The biggest reason to make haste is to not only make sure you get a room at the popular hotels, especially in the affordable category, but to also bag the early booking discount that hotels, airlines and cruises round the world are happy to roll out. However, this is just the beginning of your savings potential. If you do your research right, you can save anywhere from 20% to 40% on your total trip. We tell you how to do it.Time your travelYOU CAN SAVE10-30 % since the room rates are this much higher in peak season than in the months immediately preceding it The surest way to big savings is to time your travel in such a way that you reach your holiday destination either just before its peak season or after it is over. This way you won't have to worry about bagging discounts at the risk of the weather playing party pooper nor will you have to deal with crowds. So let the hordes descend on the hill stations of India or foreign hotspots like Singapore, Switzerland and Spain, there are better rates and less hurried service to be had in places that are just a little warmer or wetter. Like Kerala, Cambodia, or if you can handle it, Egypt. According to industry insiders, shoulder season rates on hotels, tour packages as well as cruises are typically 10% to 30% lower than the peak season rates. The key to bagging a cheaper deal is to book early. Says Karan Anand, head of relationships, Cox &amp; Kings: \"You will save at least 10-15 % if you book as early as two months in advance.\"Save on staysYOU CAN SAVE5-10 % on room rent. For instance, Alleppey is pretty similar to Kumarakom, yet average room rates are lower by almost 5% Let's start with the obvious: B&Bs;, serviced apartments and homestays will always score over hotels when it comes to the more-for-less stakes. That is, more amenities that you actually need, like a kitchenette and free laundry facilities, for fewer bucks. Portals such as TripAdvisor.com, MyGuestHouse.com, AirBnB.com, HomeAway.com, BedAndBreakfast .com and Roomwale.com are your best bets to fish out such accommodations. A good way to maximise your savings without entirely giving up on some luxurious pampering is by choosing self-catering options in the big cities and go for fancier hotels in smaller towns and offbeat destinations. For instance, three star hotels in the latter start at 2,625 on Make-MyTrip , the same category hotels in Alleppey (or Alappuzha) can be booked for just 1,000 a night. The famed houseboat cruises from Alleppey are comparatively cheaper as well. Similarly, your money will fetch a far better room in Vincennes than in Paris, yet it is just a short metro ride away from all the must-see attractions.The travel-on-a-budget bible also tells us to always book directly with the hotel to land the best deals, be it straight discounts or some freebies. But sometimes, portals beat the rates listed on individual hotel reservation sites in an attempt to woo eyeballs. For instance, Excluzen.com, a luxury lifestyle and experiential travel website, is offering a straight discount of 5,000 on the per night rate quoted by the Oberoi Udaivilas reservation engine. So, always shop around before contacting the hotel.Clicks versus bricksYOU CAN SAVE15-30 % if you opt for package deals while booking online or opt for flight and hotel combos So you know where to go, what you want to do, and have drawn up your budget accordingly. The next big question is, how to book your holiday. Is it cheaper to book online or is it better to take the traditional tour operator route? The line between online travel agents (OTAs) and offline players has considerably blurred in the past couple of years.Today , almost all the leading OTAs have opened up retail stores across India, and all the traditional tour operators have invested in snazzy websites. This is because of two crucial factors-the regulatory environment in India and the mass mindset when it comes to online payments. Says Anand: \"There is a catch with pure OTAs. You may get a cheap fare for a particular sector for one or two tickets, but that fare may not be there for a group of 6-8 people . Similarly, complicated itineraries require face-to-face interaction . You can't buy foreign exchange online, you have to physically go to a money changer and sign the BTQ form. Now, OTAs have the same cost as the traditional agent.\"Furthermore, not many Indians have the credit limit or even the faith to make huge travel purchases with plastic and most payments are still made at retail outlets of travel service providers. So, you should not blindly trust any one model but shop around exhaustively. Feel free to tom-tom the best rate you find on the Internet to get a better deal from rivals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830682", "title": "Three accused in Tikku murder to be in court today", "text": "MUMBAI: Share broker Gautam Vora has already been questioned by the Amboli police in connection with the mysterious disappearance of Delhi-based consultant Karan Kakkar, a case in which Vijay Palande was also arrested. Model Simran Sood, alias Simi, was arrested by the Amboli police last week in the case. Police had found Vora's phone numbers in Sood's call logs. Police are trying to determine Sood's relationship with various men, including Vora and Kakkar.Vora had been questioned by the Khar police in the Viveka Babajee suicide case in 2010. Babajee, who was reportedly in a relationship with Vora, had written in a suicide note, \"U killed me Gautam Vora\". However, Vora was given a clean chit by the police in that case.Meanwhile, Palande and his two associates, Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh, who were charged with Tikku's murder, will be produced before the Esplande metropolitan court on Monday. Police are waiting for the Kalina Forensic Science Laboratory's (FSL) reports on the unidentified body found in Ratnagiri, which is believed to be of Kakkar. If the results are positive, murder charges will be filed in that case too.Palande, Gajkosh and Shinde were arrested for killing Tikku. Later, Rahul Mane, a Pune resident, told police that Tikku had kept a BMW car in his society's compound. During interrogations, Palande said that he and his associates had killed Kakkar, the owner of the BMW car, and threw his body in a valley in Kumbharli ghat in Ratnagiri. Based on his directions, police traced the remains of a human body in the valley. Kakkar's mother Rita and Hanish refuse to believe the remains are of Kakkar and are awaiting forensic reports.Relative cop faces suspensionThe inquiry against sub-inspector Sanjay Shinde, who is accused of abetting Vijay Palande in his crimes, has almost been completed by assistant commissioner of police Arvind Mahabadi. Sources said that, prima facie, Shinde appears guilty on many counts and faces suspension.Shinde was allegedly negligent when Palande escaped from custody on April 10 while a police team was taking him to the Crime Branch's Andheri Telli Galli unit. While other policemen left the vehicle to direct traffic, Shinde, who was sitting next to Palande, should have held on to Palande.Shinde allegedly also interfered in the case for the mysterious disappearance of Karankumar Kakkar when the Amboli case had called Palande for questioning. Shinde called up the investigating officer and pressured him to release Palande soon. In the past, there have been allegations that Shinde has been associated with Abu Salem gang members.\"Seeing the past background of Shinde, his guilt cannot be shielded and he will have to face the consequences. The report will be forwarded to police commissioner Arup Patnaik by Wednesday, after which the police said that Shinde would be suspended,\" said an officer on condition of anonymity. Sources said that his efforts to get Palande re-arrested in the Arunkumar Tikku case would also be considered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12830270", "title": "He overcame Odia barrier to dispense justice", "text": "MANGALORE: It is a good two year since Justice Gopal Gowda was elevated as Chief Justice of Odisha high court. Justice Gopal, a Kannadiga has taken to his new role like a fish to water. Lack of knowledge of Odia, official language of Odisha, has not come in the way of him dispensing justice. Instead, Justice Gowda has overcome this by seeking help of his brother judges.Observing that Odisha with its mix of literate, tribal and backward people provides a perfect setting for judiciary to work, Justice Gopal told TOI on the sidelines of a regional advocates conference that he inaugurated here on Sunday that while he is \"old\" to learn Odia, he has been able to express his feelings which the people there have understood. \"I write key words and sentences in Odia and use English as well to communicate with people,\" he added.When documents are presented in Odia language, rather than getting into technicalities of getting it translated, he refers it to his brother judges. \"They tell me what it is. This is the very message that I give to my fellow judges and judicial officers,\" he . Problems in Karnataka and Odisha are by and large same, he opines. \"There are issues of child welfare, girl child's rights, Juvenile Justice Act and short stay homes for children. These were the similar issues that came before the Karnataka High Court when I was a judge there. It is application of mind and borrowing on past experiences that helps in discharging the duties,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12830830", "title": "Fed up of taunts, teenager ends life", "text": "NAGPUR: Fed of taunts from friends , a teenager committed suicide at his residence in Hamid Nagar on Sunday morning.Akshay Motghare (17) attended school during the day and worked at night to support his financially-weak family. Sources told TOI that Akshay suffered from an inferiority complex. Police said that he was found hanging from a plank in the ceiling with a red scarf. His family members rushed him to the IGGMC where he was declared dead before admission.No suicide note was found. Yashodhara Nagar police registered a case of accidental death.In another incident, a 22-year-old mentally disturbed youth ended his life by hanging himself at his Bastarwadi residence on Saturday night. Akash Gajbhiye, who was undergoing psychiatric treatment for the last three years. tnn, used a nylon rope to hang from the ceiling of his room. Police said that Akash was alone when he ended his life. Lakadganj police registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12831381", "title": "Bihar Industries Association team to woo investors at Hanover trade fair", "text": "PATNA: With the aim of making Bihar a low-cost manufacturing base to attract foreign investments, a 10-member Bihar Industries Association (BIA) delegation will attend the Hanover Messe 2012, a premier technology event at an international trade fair to be held in Hanover, Germany from April 23 to 27.The BIA delegation will be accompanied by government of India representative and director of Micro, Small and Medium Entrepreneurs (MSME) Industrial Institute, Patna , D K Singh. Union ministry of MSME has organized the tour of a delegation of industrialists from six states to Hanover.BIA president KPS Keshri said the Bihar team, during its visit to Hanover, would explore the possibilities of joint ventures, foreign collaborations and transfer of the latest technology. He said it would be a great opportunity for the industries in Bihar to go for international tie-ups by projecting the image of the state with cheap labour available for export-based production.Keshri said the BIA team would be looking for the cutting-edge technology for the industries in Bihar to maintain quality in production at a cheaper rate and get a foothold on the Indian and international market.The BIA team, led by the its secretary general Sanjay Goenka, consists of Sanjay Bhartiya, Sanjeev Kanodia, K N Varshney, Sanjay Poddar, P K Sinha, Sunil Kumar Singh, Manoj Khilani, Kunal Khilani and Amit Bansal.Goenka told TOI that the BIA members would discuss with the representatives of multinational companies and technologists the possibilities of tie-ups with and technology transfer to the MSME industries. The possibility of technology transfer from German multinational, Siemens , for conversion of iron ore dust into steel would also be explored, he said.P K Sinha said the team would also look for importing relevant technology to give leverage to the industries, including the IT industries, with a huge low-cost and skilled manpower to be created through training. He said technology of renewable energy, including the industries for manufacturing low-cost solar energy converter for IT industry and technology for setting up micro and small IT hardware units would also be explored, Sinha said.Bhartiya said technical collaborations for making Bihar a low-cost manufacturing base would also be explored at the Hanover meet. He said, in Europe, manufacturing is no more viable. So, a state like Bihar should cash in this opportunity by creating a low-cost manufacturing base for export of cheaper but quality products into international market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12830324", "title": "Mamata's ultimatum political extortion: Bengal Congress", "text": "KOLKATA: The Congress central leadership on Sunday tried to downplay Mamata Banerjee's 15-day ultimatum to the Centre for granting a moratorium on repayment of the debt that her government had inherited from the Left Front. However, the state Congress leaders reacted strongly, with some of them terming the chief minister's ultimatum as \"political extortion\" and \"emotional blackmail\".AICC general secretary Shakeel Ahmed and AICC observer R C Khuntia said such \"natural\" demands from an ally couldn't be termed as a \"threat\". Ahmed, AICC in charge of Bengal, said: \"This isn't anything new. When I met her before the RS polls a month and a half ago, she had told me the same. We don't want people of Bengal to suffer due to this enormous debt burden. This is nothing that can't be sorted out and we don't consider it as a threat. It can be amicably settled.\"Khuntia said, \"I believe both the PM and the FM are aware of the issue. This will not affect our relations with any of our allies. I am confident that the government will handle the situation well.\"However, Congress MPs from Bengal like Adhir Choudhury and Deepa Das Munshi came down on Mamata for undermining the federal structure. \"This is nothing but political extortion. Right from the Lokpal to the NCTC, she had been very vocal about upholding the federal structure. Isn't she undermining it herself, demanding a Bengal-specific grant from the Centre,\" asked Choudhury.\"When the Left was in power, it blamed the Centre for all the ills plaguing the state. Mamata is doing the same - sometimes more. She has failed to manage the finances and is now playing politics of extortion.\"Deepa said, \"This is nothing but a pressure tactic, or an emotional blackmail. How can the Centre make an exception only for one state? She has been creating trouble as an alliance partner. We, too, have many issues, but we don't always raise them.\"The Congress central leadership's approach isn't without a reason, though. The party needs Trinamool's support to get the Lokpal and the Lokayukta Bill, the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority Bill and The BSF (amendment) Bill passed in Parliament.Also, the Congress will have to keep the Trinamool in good humour to see its candidate sail through in the presidential election slated for July. The Congress doesn't have more than 30% votes in Parliament and state legislatures and the Trinamool chief is well aware of it.Congress leader Rashid Alvi said, \"I don't know what Mamata has said. But the Centre always seriously considers financial aid sought by any state government. It always extends whatever help is possible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12830834", "title": "2 more bodies pulled out from debris, toll mounts to 23 in factory collapse", "text": "JALANDHAR: Two more bodies were pulled out of the debris of the collapsed factory on Sunday. With this, the toll has risen to 23. However, kin of two more workers were still looking for them and intense stink emanating from the debris indicated that they could be buried under the rubble.The wait and hopes of Chandrawati, who had come from UP to know about the fate of her husband Bhagwan Dass, ended on Sunday as the badly decomposed body of Dass was recovered. She was hoping that her husband would be alive even as rescuers had not found any indication of life under the rubble three days back. She had come here after borrowing money on interest from a money lender. The woman, wearing a red sari, was inconsolable and rescuers had difficulty in managing her.Paltu Ram's search for his grandson Mintu also ended in the wee hours on Monday as the latter's body was also found. However, Radhey Mohan is still being searched for by his brother and brother-in-law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12830999", "title": "Guideline rates lag 10-45% behind booming realty market", "text": "CHENNAI: If you need any proof of how buoyant the real estate scene in Chennai is, here it is. In the five months since the guideline values (government-notified rates for registration of properties) were revised across Tamil Nadu , the market rates have already overtaken them by 10-45%. The guideline value is used by the state government to assess the actual value of the property for levying stamp duty. Guidelines values were revised late last year after a gap of five years so that they would be indicative of prevailing market rates.Growing demand for housing in the city has resulted in a steady climb in apartment prices both in the city and the suburbs over the last six months. \"Hence, in most areas, the guideline value is below the market price and the difference ranges from 10% to 45%,\" real estate consultant S Ramaswamy of RECS Group said.For instance, the guideline value of land on the Arch Bishop Mathias Road in Boat Club is 18,000 per sq ft whereas the prevailing market value for the street is around 33,000 per sq ft. Similarly, guideline value for RK Salai is 19,000 per sq ft whereas the market rates are close to 25,000 per sq ft. Guideline values are on the lower side even in central business districts. Guideline value on Khader Nawaz Khan Road, which is a premium shopping hub, is only 9,500 per sq ft. Guideline value on Haddows Road is also similarly low.Experts say prices in most parts of the city have increased by close to 20% in the last six months, going by the residential price index (Residex) brought out by the National Housing Bank.According to recent figures, Chennai is one of the fastest growing real estate markets among all metros, but this boom is not reflected in the new guideline values finalized five months ago. Guideline values were revised after a span of five years. In the meantime, prices within city had increased two to four-fold while the jump was about five to six times in the suburbs.However, property consultants also point out that many buyers and sellers are keen on registering properties at market price. \"Whenever a property is registered for a price higher than the guideline value, that becomes the new benchmark for the locality. Hence, over a period of time, the gap between guideline and market rates will reduce,\" said P Ramesh, a mediator.While guideline values in the city are higher than market values, in the suburbs it is the reverse, and that is a matter of concern, say realtors. This disparity is partly owing to the slow growth of real estate prices in suburban areas. \"Even if properties are available at lower rates, we have to pay a higher stamp duty and registration fees there as they are calculated based on guideline values, which are higher than market prices,\" Chitty Babu said. There is also a section of developers who feel that in some areas, the guideline value revision has been far too steep. \"With such upward revisions, middle income people will find it difficult to buy properties in the city. Already, many of them are moving to suburban locations,\" PV Sanmugam, managing director, Kgeyes Residency said. But how far this argument will cut ice is a matter of debate.Even when the guideline values were low, builders kept apartment prices high, said P Manikandan, who ended his five-year hunt for an apartment a month ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12829988", "title": "University of Hyderabad scraps scholarship for its PG students", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a big blow to students planning to pursue postgraduate courses in the University of Hyderabad (UoH), the varsity has decided to scrap the scholarship programme for all courses. An admission to any postgraduate course in the university will no longer guarantee a student the sum of Rs 1,000 per month. However, those already in their second year of PG might be exempted from the new rule.Students will now be eligible for scholarship only on a merit-cum-means basis. Hence, only those students whose parental income is less than a particular slab or those who have fared well in their qualifying examination will be eligible for scholarship.The university's new prospectus which came out this month does not carry any mention of the scholarship as a committee is still trying to figure out the modalities of the scheme to offer.According to sources, even the proposed merit-cum-means scholarship will be intimated to students individually through a separate form at the time of their admission.The decision to scrap the scholarship-for-all programme was taken as the university authorities realised that they would not be able to sustain the scheme using interest from the corpus fund. Former vice-chancellor Seyed E Hasnain had started the programme stating that 50% of the interest from the corpus fund would fund the programme. However, the scholarship amount for all students had cost the university more than 100% of the interest last year. Officials said that they had diverted money from other projects to fund the scholarship scheme last year.It is a double whammy for students as this has come at a time when the university has upped the hostel fee by many times. In fact, a committee has been appointed to look into that as well, sources said. Interestingly, the scholarship scheme was introduced to draw students to the varsity. \"When it was introduced we had fewer students, and now we are not able to sustain it. We cannot continue digging into the corpus fund. For this year we do not want to make any promises of Rs 1,000 per month per student just by the virtue of admission,\" said an official.Attendance will also be a criteria for scholarship eligibility, officials said. Admissions for PG courses for UoH are completed by June. Repeal of scholarships is going to hit student life on campus. \"With the university deciding to increase the mess bills and hostel charges, many students are already finding it difficult to stay on campus. If the scholarships are also cancelled, many students might not even join the university,\" said a student union leader. The officials said that sustaining the programme especially when the university has plans to increase its student strength will be difficult and hence the decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "12834375", "title": "Chhattisgarh govt forms committee to look into Sukma collector's abduction", "text": "RAIPUR: The Chhattisgarh government has decided to appoint a sub-committee under the chairmanship of chief minister Raman Singh to look into the abduction of collector Alex Paul Menon by the Naxals.Official sources said that an emergency meeting was called by the chief minister at his residence on Sunday night following the April 25 deadline set by the Naxals who demanded release of their eight colleagues in exchange of the 2006 batch IAS officer.During the meeting, it was decided that a subcommittee would be appointed to look into the abduction case.State home minister Nanki Ram Kanwar, tribal welfare minister Kedar Kashyap, water resources minister Ramvichar Netam and school education minister Brijmohan Agrawal would be part of the sub-committee, they said.Officials said that the sub-committee would keep a tab on all the matters pertaining to the issue.It was also decided that an all-party meeting would soon be held to discuss the case.Maoists had on Sunday demanded release of eight of their jailed leaders in Chattisgarh and a halt to \"Operation Green Hunt\" in exchange for freedom of the Sukma collector.The 32-year-old officer was abducted on Saturday from Majhipara village in Raipur district where he was meeting villagers for a government outreach programme.Additional director general of police Ram Nivas (anti- Naxal operations) had said on Sunday that the demands were made by an unidentified Naxal leader in an audio message to media organisations.The authenticity of the audio tape was being verified, he had said.According to Nivas, the demands made were an immediate halt to \"Operation Green Hunt\"(anti-Maoist offensive), sending security forces in Bastar region back to the barracks and release of eight jailed Maoist leaders including two women. In the message, the Maoist leader has alleged that false cases have been foisted against the eight jailed ultras.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "una (junagadh)", "code": "12830671", "title": "Lions kill two cows in Una village", "text": "UNA (JUNAGADH): A pride of nine lions wreaked terror in Khilavad village of Una taluka in Junagadh district on Saturday night by attacking cattle and killing two cows.According to the forest department officials, villagers of Khilavad said that they locked themselves into their houses after they heard the big cats roaring on Saturday night.\"The villagers claimed there were nine lions of one pride, which attacked a group of six cows, killing two of them.The lions dragged the two cows into the orchard owned by Rasik Patel and feasted on their carcasses till early Sunday morning. Some of the villagers who had witnessed this scene alerted us,\" said a forester.Meanwhile, forest department has started devising strategies to tackle the lion menace in Khilavad village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12831859", "title": "'Now the agenda will be driven by businessmen: Commerce secretary'", "text": "Almost a year after he visited Pakistan to lay the foundation for a change in trade relations between the two neighbours, commerce secretary Rahul Khullar tells Sidhartha things have moved faster than anticipated. Excerpts from the interviewDid you anticipate things will move at this pace?Nobody anticipated things would move so quickly. When I visited Pakistan in April last year, the atmosphere was despondent and people were cynical. But in the very first meeting we achieved a breakthrough in terms of an ambitious agenda of work for ourselves. We decided to move step by step without a big-bang approach . We set timelines and the commerce secretaries decided to meet every six months. This was backed with business to business tie-ups , including between industry chambers . Now the agenda will be driven, not by us, but by businessmen. The other big development is the trade infrastructure at the Attari-Wagah border. A lot of credit should go to our counterparts in Pakistan because they are going against the tide. Huge political capital has been invested, from the meeting of PMs to those between the commerce ministers.Do the new facilities at Attari-Wagah mean trucks from Pakistan can come till Delhi?No, they turn around at the border. Transit has not been talked about yet, it's a difficult issue . Once trade is fully normal, you will get to issues of transit. Five years from now, you should have a situation where a truck loaded in Delhi can go to Peshawar or beyond.What are the issues you are looking at now?We need to first look at expanding the list of goods that can be traded through the land route since the integrated check post (Attari) is ready to cover the entire set of goods. Pakistan has to notify that but once it happens, you will see a boom in the two Punjabs. We need to move the electricity agenda forward. Petroleum is a commercial decision, where we need to finalize products , quantities and prices. Hopefully, visa rules will soon be simplified. Restrictions on FDI from Pakistan and banking will be sorted out over the next six months. Pakistan has modified the negative list and we had assured that we will reduce our Safta negative list by up to 30%. Essentially, we promised to move to MFN-plus trade, though we had not reached MFN trade with Pakistan. We need to complete that before July.We are talking investment but isn't it tougher than getting trade moving?When trade starts expanding, investments follow . Pakistani teams carry back sweets from Haldiram. In a few years our people will realize it makes sense to open stores there and invest. It happens naturally, you don't have to guide it.Is there also a need to change the security mindset to boost trade and investment?As confidence builds it will change. Some things do need to change. For instance, we cannot use our cellphones when we go to Pakistan. But you will need security precautions because there are a bunch of misguided elements whose agenda will not coincide with that of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "12830164", "title": "Business establishments to have water meters soon", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: Commercial establishments in the city will soon have water meter connections.According to C R Premkumar, president, City Municipal Council (CMC), there are more than 1,500 commercial establishments in the city which are using water supplied by the CMC by paying Rs 90 per month as fixed by the CMC for whatever the amount of water they use.\"To increase the revenue for the CMC, we want to install water meters at all commercial establishments. This will also help us check water wastage. Similarly, we may install water meters in all houses as they are also paying the same amount to the CMC.\"Premkumar said that the Mahatma Gandhi road in the city will be concretized at an estimated cost of Rs 20 cr. The government has already released the money. Nirmithi Kendra will be entrusted with the work and a committee of PWD, CMC engineers and also a private engineer will design the road and also supervise the work.The CMC has also decided to fix places like circles for banners so that they don't destroy the beauty of the city. Organizations which intended to tie the banners have to pay Rs 3,000 to the CMC for permission. After the event, the organizers have to remove the banner or else they will be fined.Premkumar said that the CMC has declared 2012 as 'Green Year' and those who have taken up new constructions have been told to plant two saplings before they start construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12831387", "title": "Eco-sensitive zone tag for Bandipur soon", "text": "BANGALORE: Areas on the eastern and north-eastern fringes of Bandipur National Park (BNP) are likely to be declared an ecologically sensitive zone soon. The state forest department has submitted a proposal to the Centre for approval.Forest department officials said the zone declaration will provide inner security to the park. '' Once it is declared an eco-sensitive zone, activities like mining, setting up industry and resorts will be prohibited in the zone. Also, road upgradation and similar activities will be regulated there,\" said BK Singh, principal chief conservator of forest (wildlife), Bangalore.In 2004, the Supreme Court made it clear that all national parks and sanctuaries had to be notified as eco-sensitive zones and states should get this status approved by the Centre. \"We have identified small stretches of 2 to 5 km after consulting people,\" said Singh.POSITIVE STEP\"It is a step towards nature conservation. Our wildlife needs to be protected,\" said Praveen Bhargav, managing trustee of Wildlife Trust, an NGO working for wildlife conservation. Once given the status, BNP will become the first forest strip in the state to be declared an eco-sensitive zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12829873", "title": "Five more universities to open from new session", "text": "JAIPUR: Five new private universities are ready to open their sprawling campuses in the state from the new session as per the state legislative assembly that passed its ordinance recently. This will come as a boon for the students who will have ample choice to choose courses of their choice from several private and state players.Poornima University, JECRC University and VIT University in Jaipur along with Sangam University in Bhilwara and Career Point University in Kota will add to the tally of private universities. It will go up to 33 in the state including 17 universities in and around Jaipur. These universities are yet to go for gazette notification which may take a month's time.With the arrival of these universities, the state's claims of becoming an education hub will be strengthened. In the last five years alone, the state has seen over 25 universities. Of the total this year, four universities are by established educational brands and one by a Kota-based coaching institute.Creating entrepreneurs rather than job-seekers is Sangam University's philosophy. S N Modani, a trustee of Shri Badri Lal Soni Charitable Trust (who founded Sangam University) Bhilwara is keen on establishing a centre of excellence in textiles. \"This is our basic industry which requires thousands of trained manpower. This centre will produce manpower required for different phases of textile industry-from processing raw material to national and international marketing,\" added Modani.For these private players a new university is not different from their existing engineering and management colleges, however, the only difference they can make is 'freedom' to innovate and experiment in the field of education on the basis of their experience and learning.Shashikant Singhi, director of Poornima Foundation is launching an MBA programme specializing in 'family business' for candidates who are second or third generation businessmen. \"Here we have experimented with popular courses to make it more specific and value-based,\" added Singhi.The distinct feature of these new set-ups is the focus on infrastructure collaboration with foreign universities. Arpit Agarwal, director of JECRC Foundation with 10 years' of experience in engineering is planning to venture out in social sciences and commerce. He sees social sciences as big untapped sector. \"I would like the JECRC University to be known for excellence in economics, mass communication and arts along with technical education,\" added Agarwal. Both Poornima and JECRC are coming up in Sitapura extension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12829173", "title": "Cop suspended for negligence", "text": "PUNE: Constable Yuvraj Namdev Bhange, attached to the Bhosari police station, was suspended from the police force on April 19 for his negligence in handling the kidnapping case of 16-year-old Shubham Shirke. Also, inspector Ravindra Chaudhar has been transferred to the control room.Shubham, who was kidnapped on March 3 by his former classmate and two accomplices near his house in Adarshanagar at Dighi, was found murdered on April 1.After killing Shubham, the kidnappers had contacted his father Mahadev Shrike and demanded Rs 50,000 as ransom to release him. They had called Shubham's father to two or three places in the jurisdiction of Bhosari police to collect the ransom amount.On March 31, when Shubham's father was running to these spots, his friend Ravindra Chavan had approached the Bhosari police station to lodge a complaint of kidnapping. Chavan had told Bhange, who was on duty at the police station, that kidnappers had asked Subham's father to come to Kasarwadi with money and requested help. Bhange, however, asked Chavan to go to the Vishrantwadi police station as the incident took place in Dighi.Later, Shubham's parents had complained of the negligence showed by the Bhosari police and had demanded action. Additional commissioner of police (administration) Anand Shinde suspended Bhange after an inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12830141", "title": "Door-to-door waste collection begins today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The new sanitation system would be started from Monday.All domestic waste will be picked up from the houses and directly taken to the garbage processing plant and the dumping ground for safe disposal.At the moment, the system shall be launched just in Sector 22 as a pilot project for three months. It shall be extended to other areas in the city going by the merits and demerits.For this, residents and the shopkeepers would have to keep two dustbins on their premises. Wet waste is to be dumped in one bin and dry waste in the other. Separate pick-up vehicles would be operated so the garbage is properly recycled.Moreover, the authority will not charge anything in the three months and those who litter garbage shall be fined, Rs 500 initially and strict action shall follow.At present, private contractors lift garbage from residential areas and dump it in the Sehaj Safai Kendras, constructed in every sector, then lifted by MC vehicles and disposed of in the garbage processing plant near Dadumajra dumping ground.However, people have not liked the current system complaining that stink emanates from the safai kendras making the place unhygienic.Nine trolleys would do the door-to-door job of lifting waste from Sector 22 and five employees will be present in each vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12829481", "title": "Maid, hubby held for robbing French couple", "text": "NEW DELHI: A maid and her husband have been arrested for allegedly robbing a French national at her Anand Niketan house in south Delhi. The accused have been identified as Rozi (33) and Ashok Kumar (27). Cops said the duo was nabbed from Chilla village in Mayur Vihar on Saturday.\"Kumar and Rozi were apprehended from Chilla village following investigations into a robbery that took place in the Anand Niketan residence of Gilles Dominique Cannaud Ribes, an engineer with France Air Bus, and his wife Oren Poly Lotha. Stolen jewellery worth around Rs 10 lakh and motorcycle used in crime have been recovered,\" said deputy commissioner of police (south) Chhaya Sharma.Cops said during interrogation Kumar and Rozi revealed that they were in dire need of money. As a result, they decided to rob the French couple's house where Rozi had worked as a maid, said police.The incident took place when Ribes had gone to work and Lotha to a hospital. \"Their servant Lily Thomas called Lotha and told her that a man has come to their house claiming that Gilles had asked him to come for the job of a driver. Lotha told her maid that they had not asked anybody to come,\" said a senior cop.However, half an hour later that man returned and overpowered the maid at knife-point. He tied her up and then ransacked the house. Lotha also reached home by then and was held hostage, said cops.During investigation, it came to light that the description of the robber matched with that of Rozi's husband.\"Rozi's servant verification had not been done as she had worked for only 3 weeks at the house of the complainant. However, the complainant provided a copy of Rozi's voter ID-card wherein her Mayur Vihar residence address was mentioned. She could not be located there as she had left the place six years ago,\" said DCP Sharma.\"We found out that Rozi was residing in Chilla village along with Kumar. A raid was conducted and the duo arrested,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12830515", "title": "No chopper training till Director General of Civil Aviation completes probe", "text": "BANGALORE: The helicopter which force-landed atop a building last week has deprived 28 pilots from being trained in basic helicopter flying.The Rotary Wing Academy (RWA), to which the chopper belonged, has 28 trainees, including Army pilots, Border Security Force (BSF) officers, Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) officers, Coast Guard and civil pilots. \"Their training will continue with the turbo engine and later, they will graduate to the Cheetah and Chethak helicopters of HAL,\" official sources told TOI.RWA is now starting training at the intermediate level. According to senior RWA officers, this will continue till investigations by the Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) are completed. There were two variants of the helicopter - piston engine and turbo engine. The trainee pilots would start training with the piston engine and then graduate to the turbo engine. \"These helicopters were bought with this training aspect in mind,\" HAL officials said.The helicopter, which is now grounded, will be back in the air only after investigations in the case are complete. HAL officials expect it to take 4-6 months, and claim the helicopter did not suffer any damage. \"The rotors were damaged, but its engine and other parts are intact. The helicopter is currently at the RWA workshop and will be ready to fly as soon as the investigation is over,\" said officials. \"It was a good machine, we were very happy and convinced about the capabilities of this helicopter when we got it from the US in 2010. It has done over 450 hours of flying.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12830057", "title": "I took chopper to save time: CM", "text": "MYSORE: The dry spell in the state, especially in North Karnataka districts, has resulted in crop loss of Rs 4,500 crore and the state government will press the Centre for release of 50% of the estimated loss, said the CM.CM D V Sadananda Gowda has put crop losses at Rs 4,500 crore. The all-party delegation which will go to New Delhi on May 2 will seek release of 50 per cent of the loss. He will request to Union ministers to be part of the team.The state government has released Rs 438 crore for drought management, he said. The severity of the drought is likely to lessen with rain expected next week, he told reporters.The CM who toured Kolar on Saturday, in a chopper, defended his mode of transport. \"Actually, I've helped save money by opting for a helicopter. Had I travelled by road, the expenses would have been higher. It is less than that,\" he stated. \"Time constraint is also a reason why I opted for a chopper,\" he added.Gowda said BJP central leaders will be in Bangalore on April 25 to discuss cabinet expansion. \"We held preliminary discussions with the state party leaders on Saturday. We will discuss it with the central leaders,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12830667", "title": "Female gang makes off with 4L jewellery", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: On Friday afternoon, a gang of female thieves stole 158.5 gm of gold jewellery worth Rs 4.3 lakh from Nakoda Jewellers in Uran. However, while the women walked out of the shop with the booty, the theft was captured by the CCTV camera installed in the shop.Uran police will now use these images to nab the accused. \"The CCTV footage shows that a gang of around four to five women entered the shop in two groups to inquire about gold and silver ornaments. While some of the women kept the shop assistants busy, another woman quickly grabbed some of the gold itemskept inside the glass showcase,\" said an official.A woman clad in a white saree can clearly be seen in the footage, bending towards the glass panel to reach out to the gold jewellery.Cops have warned other local jewellers to be wary of such culprits and keep their CCTVs fully operational.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "12829322", "title": "Salt Lake girl murder: Prime suspect yet to be nabbed", "text": "BURDWAN: The murder of a 27-year-old woman in a hotel near Tinkonia bus stand in Burdwan has left the district police baffled. The woman's identity could be ascertained only on Saturday. Initial probe revealed that Rupali Mondal, a resident of Navapalli in Salt Lake , was strangulated on Friday. but police are yet to find any substantial lead.However, the prime suspect in the case - a man who identified himself as the victim's husband - has gone into hiding.Rupali had come to seek accommodation at the hotel along with one Kushal Dey, whom she introduced as her husband. murder of a 27-year-old woman hailing from Saltlake at a hotel in Bardhaman on Friday has sent the district police in a tizzy with no major leads coming even 48 hours after the arrest. Days after the deceased was identified as Rupali Mandol, a resident of Navapalli in ward 17 of the Bidhannagar municipality.Cops are appalled at how she was allowed to stay at the hotel without proper verification. being questioned on how the hotel located at Tinkonia bus stand allowed her to stay without proper verification.The staff, however, claimed that Rupali's introducing herself as Dey's wife helped evade all doubts.she had been introduced as the wife of one Kushal Dey. Dey had gone missing after the incident.The body was identified on Saturday by Dudhkumar Mondal, one of Rupali's neighbours. Police tracked down Mondal from a phone number scribbled on a notepad that was found in the hotel room. It was on insistence by the police that Mondal went to Burdwan.But it is still not clear why the victim's parents did not bother to accompany Dudhkumar to Burdwan. Only after a confirmation from the latter, Rupali's parents went to Burdwan and identified her. The woman had gone missing since the past couple of days.to wait till evening to hear the news and then come to Bardhaman even when Dudhkumar knew that Rupali was missing for the past couple of days. The cops had recovered a notepad from the deceased's room which had Dudhkumar's mobile number in it. The girl's parents later went to Bardhaman to identify the deceased.Rupali - who had been married some years ago - was widowed soon after, said sources. It was after that she possibly developed a relationship with Dey. Sources said claimed that preliminary investigations have revealed that the girl had married some years ago but was widowed. She then possibly developed a relationship with this Dey.\"We suspect the girl might have been threatening to make their relationship public or there was a financial dispute between the two,'' said a senior police officer.Police are not sure whether Dey had used his original identity while registering at the hotel and are interrogating the hotel staff. All their attempts to nab the accused tracing his cell number has fallen flat as it was has beenfound that the number had been activated without any valid document. \"We could not find any call details as no calls were made from the number. But the hotel management said they had verified the number when the duo registered as occupants,\" said Dilip Ganguly, IC of Burdwan Sadar police station.The police claimed that the deceased was murdered by strangulation but the police is still not sure about whther this Dey had used his original identity at the hotel. A number of hotel staffers are being questioned in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12830952", "title": "Armed with new wreckers, traffic men on towing spree", "text": "CHENNAI: With the traffic police buying several wreckers, officials are on a towing spree.Though the number of cases booked for illegal parking has remained the same, the number of vehicles being towed has increased, said police officers. \"I have been insisting that we use the new wreckers more so that the money spent on them is justified. It is after all public money,\" said the additional commissioner of police (traffic), Sanjay Arora in an earlier interaction with TOI.The city has got about 50 wreckers. \"Earlier, there used to be only one wrecker for four-five stations and it was difficult enforcing rules. Now it has become much easier,\" said a police officer in T Nagar.This has however not gone down well with commuters and residents. \"All this while, I have been parking my vehicle on the road bordering our houses. The police came without any warning and towed away my car,\" said R Sujatha who lives in Nandanam.The police said that all roads by default are no-parking zones. \"Only places that are specifically marked out can be used for parking,\" said an officer in T Nagar. Earlier this year, police with the help of an NGO and local people, demarcated areas for on-street parking.For Chandramouli, a commuter working in Kilpauk, the shock came in when he had just gone up to his office for a couple of minutes to get some files. \"They should at least come out with public address systems to forewarn us about towing. It looks like they were just looking to increase the number of cases rather than genuinely reduce congestion,\" he said. \"They just wrote the contact number of the officer in a small paper. It was a nightmare trying to contact them and get my car released,\" he said.In the year 2011, parking and obstruction cases formed about 23% of the total traffic violation cases registered. Close to two lakh parking violation cases and three lakh obstruction cases were booked last year.The fine for no parking is as follows: Two-wheelers: Rs 200 and Rs 260if it is towed away. For four-wheelers it is Rs 475 (Rs 100 for the fine and Rs 375 as towing charges). Helpers are given Rs 10 for every two-wheeler and Rs 25 for cars. These are included in the challan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12834085", "title": "Indulge in spa treatments in South Goa", "text": "This weekend, you might want to take a trip to the beautiful south Goa. We tell you why.So, if you are looking for some serenity, the beauty of nature and beaches and a complete rejuvenation package, South Goa is where you should be headed to, and indulge in spa treatments inspired by ancient Ayurvedic and yogic traditions at the award-winning Sereno Spa.\"Samudra\" - The Marine ExperienceThis treatment uses seaweed and mineralbased luxury products to balance your skin. It begins with a firming body wrap, and concludes with a massage and facial - leaving your face and body feeling toned and youthful.\"Mithun\" - Couple's Spa ExperienceYou and your partner tired toes will be soaked in a rose petal bath and will then get to enjoy a detoxifying marine wrap. While lounging in the steam room, you can sip on a healthy drink and choose to finish the treatment with either a massage or herbal facial. The perfect rejuvenating escapade for couples!Vata AbhyangaThis traditional treatment combines a firm, rhythmic massage with mind and body balancing herbal oils. Thus, encouraging sleep and providing wonderful anti-aging benefits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12834425", "title": "Destination China", "text": "The Maitree Scholarship Programme 2012 has been announced by Huawei as a part of its education based CSR initiative in India. Open to aspiring Indian students who have already secured admission to institutions of higher education in China, the Maitree Scholarships aim to build a platform for exchange of ideas between the two nations, fostering a closer understanding of each others' culture and society.The scholarship enables aspiring Indian students to opt for various streams, preferably in the emerging areas of science &amp; technology, culture, social studies and development related programs in Chinese Universities. The scholarship, which covers the student's tuition fee and living expenses for the duration of his or her study in China, is up to an amount of 10,000 USD. Both Indian and Chinese students have benefitted from each others' interests, knowledge and expertise through this education programme that is committed to nurture Indian talent across boundaries.\"I won Huawei Maitree Scholarship in year 2011 that allowed me to pursue my Masters in Business Administration from one of the most renowned business institutions in China i.e. China Europe International Business School. The scholarship eased my career path and ensured a smooth sailing so that I could fructify my experience of both India and China markets to pursue my education goals,\" said Anchit Goel, winner of Huawei 2011 Maitree Scholarship.The last date for applications is July 15.For details, log on to http://www.huaweischolarships.org", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12830074", "title": "A day for our precious Mother Earth", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A group of 27 judges of the Punjab and Haryana high court on Sunday participated in a walkathon and cycle rally to commemorate Earth Day.The event drove home the message of conserving the scant resources for future generations lest the same were lost forever.Underscoring the pressing necessity of preserving valuable resources, the judges participated in this event organized by JAI (Jurists and Associates International), EFSO (Eco Friendly Sports Organization) in association with NPS to mark 4th International Mother Earth Day. The walkathon and cycle rally kicked off from Sukhna Lake and ended at New Public School, Sector 18-B, Chandigarh.Justice M M Kumar, chief guest on the occasion, planted a sapling in New Public School premises to educate the students about the importance of green and clean environment. He also initiated a signature campaign on the occasion to generate awareness about the cause the events sought to espouse.Patron-in-chief Justice Surya Kant said if collective social action was not taken in the right earnest to stem rapid degradation of natural resources, the loss would be irreversible.Vivek Lakhanpal, secretary-general, EFSO, highlighted the link between sports and nature. The body was set up to create awareness among the public to promote green and clean living. R D Singh, principal and president, EFSO, also emphasized upon the promotion of green and clean living through sports.Jyoti Kaushal of DAV Senior Sec School, Sector 8, and Sandeep Kumar of Government Senior Secondary School, Dhanas, were the winners of the cycle rally, while Sanju Narwal and Nandlal won in the senior category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12829338", "title": "Parking space reserved illegally for business group", "text": "KOLKATA: It used to be a quaint, leafy neighbourhood where the cacophony of chaotic Gariahat - barely a kilometre away - didn't quite filter through. That was till about five years ago when parking was prohibited in Sunny Park and walking down the tree-lined road would be a pleasure. Things changed dramatically once the civic authorities allowed vehicles to be parked, leading to encroached pavements and congestion. Worse, a large chunk of the parking space on the right flank of the road has now been illegally reserved for a business group that is constructing a multi-storey building.About 50 yards of the pavement have been fenced off with a wire. It is attached to three wooden boards that declare 'Car parking for Ruia Group'. Residents are peeved, for they are being denied the right to park near home. Many now have to seek parking space at Roland Road and even Ballygunge Circular Road. \"First, we had parking on either side of the road which took away the pavements. We were forced to walk on the road, risking an accident. Now, even parking space is being taken away illegally. How can they reserve space for a building under construction,\" demanded Arvind Bhorilal, a Sunny Park resident.The Ruia Group building - a giant multi-storey structure - is nearing completion. Around a dozen cars remain parked on the adjoining pavement. Often, when the cars are away, the space falls vacant. But being a reserved space, non-Ruia vehicles are not allowed.Sunny Park residents allege this is illegal. \"We have met the civic authorities several times and even pointed it out to the police. The latter had a meeting with us two weeks ago. They have taken down our complaint but we are afraid nothing will be done,\" said a local resident.Civic authorities said that even though there is a provision for allowing exclusive parking space to private companies, it has not been done in this case. \"We have authorised a private cooperative society - Geetanjali - to collect parking fee at Sunny Park. They have been doing it for some years now, but we have not allowed the Ruia Group to have a reserved space there. It is being done illegally and we shall take steps,\" said Rajib Deb, MMiC in charge of parking.A Ruia Group spokesperson told TOI that the matter will be looked into. A few prominent locations in the city have reserved parking space which is not open to the public. A stretch near Mohar Kunja on JL Nehru Road is a case in point. The space has been reserved for Tata Centre vehicles for many years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "12835782", "title": "India, Lanka and Maldives take part in joint naval exercises", "text": "COLOMBO: With international piracy extending its tentacles to Indian Ocean, Coast Guards of India, Sri Lanka and Maldives are taking part in a joint exercise off the coast of Male, aimed at achieving inter-operablity.Six warships are taking part in the five-day exercises code named 'Dosti XI'. Indian Coast Guard ships 'Sankalp' and 'Subhadra' are participating in the war games, while 'Huravee', 'Ghazee' and 'Shaheed Ali' of the Maldivian National Defence Force represent the Maldivian Coast Guard.A Sri Lankan Naval statement said that due to its geo-strategic significance, it is important for the Coast Guards of the three friendly countries to ensure the safety and security of the Indian Ocean for all sea-farers.\"The mutually beneficial exercise, therefore, will pay the way for launching coordinated efforts in times of crisis,\" it said.Sri Lankan Navy's offshore patrol vessel SLNS Sagara has set sailed to take part in the war games. This is the first time that Lankan coast guards are taking part in such a joint exercise.\"The exercise will focus on Maritime Search and Rescue, Marine Pollution Response and Boarding Operations,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12836938", "title": "Team Delhi\u2019s food trip at Smoke House Grill", "text": "Smoke House Grill was revamping their menu and the Delhi IPL team had just won a match, so what could be a better reason to celebrate with food, cricket and lots of gup shup? Members of Team Delhi hung out at Shiv Karan Singh's restaurant on Thursday evening and couldn't stop raving about the food.Virender Sehwag told us about how much he loved the spinach pasta that Shiv prepared for him. Viru's teammate and South African bowler Morne Morkel had the cobbler, said that 'it was the best fish he'd had in a very long time'.MORE VEGGIES: Shamsul Wahid, executive chef, told us, \"We are going forward with the theme of being fresh and honest and have based our menu around the same principle. The modern diner is shifting towards lighter dishes and vegans are increasing, so we have expanded our vegetarian menu.\" Shiv said, \"We want to ensure that our clientele can still order their old favourites.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12829980", "title": "Mini recycling plants for apartments soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: With rising demand for water putting it under tremendous pressure, the Water Board is planning to direct owners of multi-storied buildings in the city to set up mini water recycling plants on the premises that can be utilised for non-drinking purposes.As per data available with the department of groundwater, the groundwater levels have drastically plummeted in the city in the past decade due to over-exploitation of the natural resource.In view of the alarming situation, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) has come up with a proposal to set up the mini recycling plants. The board has set up one such plant on its office premises in Khairatabad which generates around 50,000 litres per day. Though it has power borewells on its premises, the HMWS&SB; has been using this recycled water for non-drinking purposes, including feeding the fountain at the entrance.\"Initially, we propose to start recycling plants at multi-storied complexes, both residential and commercial, in the GHMC area. The local general managers have to visit the buildings in their respective jurisdictions and direct owners to put in place recycling plants. We will give technical assistance and owners have to bear expenditure for the construction of the plants,\" HMWS&SB; managing director Adhar Sinha told TOI.\"There is a huge demand for water from apartments, hotels, hospitals, shopping malls and theatres. As a result, they have to either depend on power borewells or mobile tankers. To reduce the burden on bores and tankers, we are proposing recycling plants as an alternative solution,\" he added.The Water Board has also decided to make this mandatory for new applicants of multi-storied buildings.Meanwhile, the board has decided to construct rainwater harvesting structures on the premises of its filling stations. There are 47 tanker filling stations in the GHMC area. It will also launch a special drive on rainwater harvesting structures soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12829479", "title": "500 Bhopal students appear for Rajiv Gandhi Prodyogiki Vishwavidyalya entrance test", "text": "BHOPAL: National entrance test (NET) organized by Rajiv Gandhi Prodyogiki Vishwavidyalya (RGPV) witnessed the highest turn out of 500 candidates in Bhopal among all the other centres here on Sunday.RGPV formed its centres in Bhopal, Gwalior, Indore and Jabalpur. Besides, other centres were formed in Allahabad, Chandigarh, Raipur , Jaipur and Patna . Out of 904 applications received, 868 shortlisted candidates attempted exam for the120 seats available in the university.The question paper comprised of 150 questions on Physics, Mathematics and Chemistry. \"It was an average paper. I am hoping to clear the exam,\" Shikha Raj, a candidate said.The exam was conducted for admissions in the five-year integrated post-graduate courses in various disciplines including civil, mechanical, electrical and communication, computer science and IT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12833962", "title": "B'town is angry over non telecast of The Dirty Picture", "text": "The Dirty Picture - a film that had created tremors in the film industry with its bold and explicit content was scheduled to be telecast on national television on Sunday, April 22, 2012 .Not once, but twice (at 12 noon and 8 pm) on the same day. And while the viewers who couldn't get a chance to watch it in the theatres were gearing up to finally see the award winning performances, the channel stopped the telecast by simply putting up a message that read: For unavoidable reasons we regret to inform The Dirty Picture will not be telecast yesterday. Any inconvenience caused is deeply regretted.After the members of the censor board viewed the film, they ordered 52 cuts (exactly 8.5 minutes) and certified it for television screening. However, on Sunday afternoon, the telecast was stopped minutes before the scheduled playing time at 12 noon on the direct intervention of the I &amp; B Ministry.Though the channel refused to talk about the sudden cancellation of the show, Tanuj Garg, the CEO of Balaji Motion Pictures, the producer of The Dirty Picture, let his feelings out on social network. Tanuj tweeted: It's unfortunate that even after ...a valid censor certificate being in place, the telecast was held! The cuts made to TDP were done in a manner that would not offend the larger populace but completely retain the film's creative integrity! Despite the cuts and a CC, forces in Delhi decided to hold the telecast!When contacted, Garg told Mirror that he was more amused than shocked by the Censor Board's sudden decision and added, \"We have not seen this happen to any other film and cannot fathom the victimisation. We are distressed, given that the film is one of the most loved and celebrated films of last year. I am not sure how Vidya Balan , Niharika Singh and Vikram would feel while collecting their respective National awards next week.\"Taking a cue from Garg, the industry too started making their displeasure known on social platforms. Karan Johar , for instance tweeted: This is not irony but plain hypocrisy. If censorship is not the final authority then what is?Complicated and blurred lines defeat the core of democracy.On the other hand, the accused CBFC (Central Board of Film Certification) held heated meetings on the matter. In fact, the film body has now decided to re-consider the entire procedure of re-censoring films with an 'A' certificate and thereby declaring 'Adult' films to be fit for the homeviewing medium.When contacted, Pankaja Thakur, the CEO of CBFC admitted that a change in policy regarding the revised certification of 'Adult' films for telecast is on the anvil.Thakur explained, \"Whatever is shown on television has to be censored as per the programme code of the Cable Television Network Regulation Act. Only films that have a 'UA' rating can be shown on television. Hence 'A' rated films are submitted to the CBFC for granting such cuts and deletions that would make the film eligible for a 'UA' rating. Some films have adult themes and the treatment and public perception is such that even after substantial cuts the film still retains an adult flavour.\"The Regional Officer of Censor Board, J P Singh said, \"Well, we gave a U/A certificate after mellowing down certain dialogues and scenes. What became a deterrent for the telecast is two PILs filed against the film - one in Lucknow, the other in Nagpur. There is a Cable Network Act that says that objectionable stuff cannot be telecast at prime time, a slot given to The Dirty Picture.\" And hence, the film can now be only telecast past 11pm.-With inputs from Subhash K Jha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12831737", "title": "Class act", "text": "William Hunt, first year student, International Baccalaureate programme, Mahindra United World College of India, Pune, on how theatre can enhance the experience of learningRicardo Tenente is a tall, 18-year-old Portuguese with ringlets of long curly brown hair and eyes that don't lie well. But, as he sits at the edge of a hospital bed, staring at an audience, he becomes Jack, a man just back from coma to discover that 10 years of his life have passed by.Ricardo is the protagonist of Bricks, a new play written and directed by Fernanda Uriegas-Fabian , a student of the Mahindra United World College of India (MUWCI). Ricardo and Fernanda, along with dozens of students, had worked for months to prepare for the school's annual theatre season recently.Ranging from an improvised performance by Aman Bardia to a disturbing 80-minute adaptation of the movie Dogtooth, this year's plays were of high-calibre , belied by the fact that from the casting to the final bows, the theatre season is totally student-run .MUWCI has made its theatre season a priority year after year, dedicating to it funds and administrative efforts and excusing participants from various other mandatory activities in the weeks leading up to the performances. It is one of 13 United World Colleges, each of which brings around 200 students from around the world to complete the last two years of school before university. Generally it means emphasis on community service that promotes an understanding of the host country, and on multiple, global perspectives within the academic curriculum. Where does theatre fit into all of this? To answer that question, I'd like to draw on my own experience of acting in Letters from '91, written and directed by Momin Javed, a student from Kashmir at MUWCI.In it, I played the role of Irfan Ahmed, a young Kashmiri man loyal to India, whose father was a Kashmiri freedom fighter. Years after his father is killed trying to cross the Indian border with Pakistan , Irfan is wrongly accused of terrorism, tortured into a false confession, and finally killed. His son, Junayed , discovers what has happened through a series of letters secretly written by his father from prison, and becomes a terrorist himself. In the final scene of the play, Junayed suicide bombs the Special Operations Headquarters , where Irfan was held prisoner, continuing a cycle of violence spanning three generations.This play taught the members of our cast more than any history book could have. Our hours of rehearsal were dedicated to immerse ourselves in a story that until that point we had only ever read about. We explored the struggle of belonging to two worlds, the dynamics of loyalty and betrayal and helplessness that characterise our play and in many ways the entire Kashmiri conflict.As the world becomes increasingly connected, we must allow theatre and the arts to inform us as we move into this new global world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12834210", "title": "Santosh Sivan \u2013 the first DOP to get this honor!", "text": "It is an honor that no Indian has achieved thus far! Yes, Santosh Sivan, the director of photography has become the member of the American Society of Cinematographers (ASC). He gets the distinction of being the first Indian to become a member of the ASC.His name was recommended by Michael Chapman (ASC), the noted cinematographer of Taxi Driver and Raging Bull. Interestingly, Santosh Sivan's accreditation, ASC, will appear for the first time on the silver screens with Vijay's Thuppaki as he is wielding the camera for the film.The entire film industry, movie buffs and fans are showering their praises on Santosh Sivan along with congratulatory messages.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12830659", "title": "Congress-IUML tirade continues", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Despite the attempts for a ceasefire by the top brass of the Congress and the Muslim League, the rift between the two parties are deepening day-by-day.IUML leader Panakkad Hyderali Shihab Thangal and Ramesh Chennithala had reiterated that there would not be any more mud-slinging against each other in public and necessary instructions had been given to all the leaders and activists. Ramesh who had a closed door meeting with P K Kunhalikutty had urged the IUML leaders to stop the criticism against the Congress and its leaders since it was worsening the situation. Kunhalikkuty had assured the KPCC president that there would not be any more comment from any IUML leader insulting any Congress leaders.Hyderali Thangal has said in a statement that the Congress-led UDF front was the need of the state and hence everyone should work together to strengthen the front. No activists from the Muslim league should try to destabilize the good relations with the Congress and hence no rallies or provoking statements should be made against the Congress leaders, he added.Meanwhile, Ramesh said that the party high command had given specific instructions to him to warn the leaders who were making public statements. The KPCC has issued strict warning to all its leaders not to make any public statements against the IUM leaders.However, all these diktats were defied by two senior most leaders of the party on Sunday. K Muraleedharan who has been training his guns on the IUML leaders, continued with his tirade and said that he would stop criticizing them if they stopped criticizing the Congress leaders. \"The League should not threaten us by warning that they would leave the front. They had done it once and had paid the price for it,\" he said. Muraleedharan said that it was the mercy of the Congress that the League got a fifth minister. KPCC spokesman M M Hassan said that the league should not have the notion that every time Congress would do the sacrifice. \"It was due to the sacrifices made by the Congress that League has secured many positions. They should not forget that,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12831223", "title": "In guise of woman, man robs lorry driver", "text": "MADURAI: In a highway robbery, a man disguised as a woman intercepted a lorry and when the driver got down, a hiding gang pounced on him and snatched away cash and a mobile phone in Madurai on Sunday.Police identified the lorry driver as C Jayakumar from Parappuvilai in Kanyakumari district. Jayakumar was driving the lorry from Madurai to Nagercoil around 12.30 am when he reached an isolated spot in the highway at Kallikudi. He spotted a 'woman' standing on the roadside trying to flag down the vehicle. Only after Jayakumar stopped the lorry and got down from the vehicle did he realise that it was a man clad in a sari. Police said as soon as he spotted the man, two more men hiding behind the bush in the dark along the roadside pounced on him and started assaulting him. They then snatched away cash of Rs 14,500 from Jayakumar as well as the cellular phone he possessed.Jayakumar, who sustained severe injuries, was lying there till a few passersby noticed him hours later. The public then took him to the government hospital at Thirumanagalam. Subsequently, Jayakumar lodged a police complaint and a hunt has been launched to nab the culprits.In November last year, the police arrested three persons - one of them from Kallikudi - for allegedly committing a series of highway robberies with a similar modus operandi in the same locality. The trio had then confessed to the police that besides highway robberies, they had also broken open houses and stolen valuables. The three were let off on bail a few days ago and police suspect they were behind Jayakumar's attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "12829382", "title": "\u201843 mega projects to come up in state\u2019", "text": "AURANGABAD: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said that 43 mega projects would come up in Maharashtra and 13 of them, with an investment of about 10,000 crore, would be in the Marathwada region.\"These projects are expected to generate 26,000 jobs in the state,'' Chavan added, while addressing a programme organized to mark 50 years of modern industry in Marathwada on Saturday evening.It was on January 12, 1962 that two brothers, Nanasaheb Bhogale and Shrikant Bhogale, had initiated modern industrial culture in Aurangabad with the launch of their Umasons, a hospital equipment manufacturing unit in Aurangpura in Aurangabad, which has now turned into a Rs 400-crore group. The Marathwada region now accounts for 3,000 industries, including micro, small, medium, and large industries and multinationals companies.About 40 organizations representing industries and trade in Marathwada joined hands to celebrate the 50 years of industry and chalk out a course of action to ensure systematic trade and industrial development in the backward region. The organizations had invited the chief minister for the programme to apprise him of the region's industrial journey as well as to present him a road map for the next 20 years.The event also included felicitation of 20 business and industrial houses which have completed 50 or more years and still making progress.Addressing a gathering of traders and industrialists, the chief minister said that, along with the mega projects, the government intends to pay special attention to strengthen the small and medium industries also. Responding to the presentation by Mukund Kulkarni, president, Chamber of Marathwada Industries and Agriculture (CMIA), and Mansingh Pawaar, former president of the Maharashtra Chamber of Commerce and Agriculture (MACCIA), the chief minister said that he would soon convene a meeting of various departments in Mumbai to ensure that the required infrastructure for the growth of Marathwada region is provided.He also said that efforts would be made to remove difficulties cropping up in the way of the proposed Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC), which included Aurangabad and Jalna districts.District guardian minister Balasaheb Thorat, school education minister Rajendra Darda, minister for higher and technical education Rajesh Tope, Rajya Sabha MP and president of the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM) Rajkumar Dhoot, Aurangabad MP Chandrakant Khaire, industrialists Ram Bhogle, Ulhas Gaoli and Mansingh Pawaar, raised a number of issues pertaining to the industrial growth.\"The government has just to provide the infrastructure, the industry would turn into money spinners,'' they said.Ram Bhogale said that, when the Bhogles launched their industry in 1962, there was virtually no infrastructure available.\"Now the situation has changed considerably. Still, even after 50 years, some issues have to be resolved.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12836584", "title": "Bipasha not invited for Vicky Donor's trial", "text": "While John Abraham invited his close friends and colleagues for his trial of Vicky Donor last week one person who was noticably missing was his ex girlfriend Bipasha BasuThis is one pair of exes who have forgiven but certainly not forgetting! John Abraham and Bipasha Basu may bump into each other at recent events and even shoot a song together ( Shootout At Wadala) but as far as their individual social events are concerned both are not willing to budge and put their best foot out for the other. Last week while John held a trial for many people in B-Town for his first production Vicky Donor he didn't invite Bipasha for it.Says a source, \"Though Bipasha and John are cordial to each other when they meet at events, they try and avoid each other, often timing their arrival in such a way that the other has left before the other reaches the venue. While Bipasha invited some of John's close friends to her birthday party this year in January she didn't invite him. Last week when John too had a trial of his film, he invited almost half of B-Town and some of Bipasha's friends too, but he didn't invite Bipasha. Bipasha too has been telling her friends that she's heard it's a good film and should be watched but hasn't watched it herself still. When she's quizzed why she says she's too tied up with work to find the time to watch the film.\"Last year when Bipasha and John had crossed each other's paths at a gym in Bandra (which both visit frequently) they ignored each other and made sure both didn't cross paths when they left.This is one relationship which will surely take time to heal and get normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12828919", "title": "Two militants nabbed in Karimganj district", "text": "SILCHAR: Police on Sunday arrested two hardcore tribal militants from remote Ranghal Basti locality near Dullavcherra in Karimganj district.The duo has been identified as Samir Tripura (22) and Krishna Mohan Tripura (24). While Samir is the 'commandant' of Barak Valley Plains Tribal Front, a little-known outfit, Krishna Mohan is the 'president' of the militant group.Circle inspector of Assam Police (Ramkrishnanagar) Kanti Bhushan Dev said the two militants have been rounded up from a remote jungle near the district border during routine operation in the wee hours of Sunday. Sources said a cache of arms and ammunitions were recovered from the arrested militants. However, police failed to divulge the details.It is suspected that the ultras were involved in the abduction of Manaranjan Das (65), a retired employee of Shillong-based Apex Bank, Dev added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12831725", "title": "Homing Pigeons", "text": "Kalyani Unkule , Erasmus Mundus alumnus, discusses with Diptiman Dewan, the concept of 'brain circulation' or reverse brain-drain and factors affecting itThe concept of 'brain circulation' gained currency in discussions about transnational immigration , as something of an effective counter to brain-drain . Trends of returning expats, witnessed particularly by China and India, first brought to light a reversal of the phenomenon of developing nations losing their best and brightest to industrialised economies, known as brain-drain .\"This complete cycle of emigration and return to the country of origin - referred to as brain circulation - has since been used as one of the justifications for the high-skill bias characterising immigration policies of Western nations. For students seeking opportunities to study abroad, this primarily means better opportunities at the Master's or doctoral levels,\" says Kalyani Unkule, Erasmus Mundus alumnus and founder and co-ordinator of the Whiteboard Initiative, which focuses on university-level exchanges , and educates and debates on polemical issues such as employability, intercultural understanding, etc.According to Unkule, entrepreneurs, particularly of Asian origin, have proven to be able to generate opportunities and contribute to the economic growth in North America and Europe. The idea behind brain circulation is that skills and experience through stints abroad help developing economies via their returning nationals.\"While this is true in principle, the question is one of degrees. There is not enough evidence yet to suggest that the dynamism of emerging economies is attracting the same class of entrepreneurs back with the prospect of making a similar contribution. Even amongst professionals from the service sector, it is questionable whether the trend of return has touched the absolute top calibre,\" she says.In 2006, 134,000 Chinese students studied abroad while 42,000 returned to China.For those relocating, however, it usually entails leaving the friendly and the familiar behind, besides other pertinent questions. \"I am part of an alumni community which has dedicated resources to help members cope with the stress of returning home at the end of the stint abroad. Thus far, variables such as the Global Competitive Index and incomes have been cited to account for the appeal of return. But are living standards and quality of infrastructure improved enough to offset the attractiveness of emigration, in the first instance? And are social systems dynamic enough to accommodate the needs and aspirations of those exposed to a foreign Mode de Vie? These are pertinent questions, which one thinks of before returning home,\" she says.While significant considerations remain, there definitely is a growing trend of professionals returning home with improved skills and a global exposure, concluded Unkule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12829503", "title": "Farmer attempts to file complaint against goddess", "text": "COIMBATORE: Officials at Kundadam police station near Dharapuram were perplexed on Saturday when a 47-year-old farmer approached them seeking action against Goddess Mariamman, the presiding deity of the temple in his village. He also wanted action against local panchayat president and village elders for failing to support him during a crisis in his life.The man was identified as M K Selvaraj, a resident of Muthayampatti near Kundadam. When officials refused to accept the petition, Selvaraj waited for about one hour in the station and then contacted city police commissioner T P Sundaramurthy, who is also West Zone IG.Without disclosing the content of his petition, Sevaraj told Sundaramurthy that the police were refusing to accept his petition and they kept him waiting at the station.Sundaramurthy then contacted Tirupur SP V Balakrishnan and directed him to look into the issue. When Balakrishnan contacted Kundadam police, they clarified that the case was not registered as it was against a deity.Selvaraj said he owned 22 acres of land in the village which he had pledged long ago to a private financial firm for Rs 77,000. When he defaulted in payment, the firm approached the court seeking attachment of the property.In desperation, Selvaraj wrote a letter to Goddess Mariamman and village elders requesting their intervention to resolve the issue. As he received no support, he filed a case against the goddess in frustration. It took several hours for the police to pacify him and send him back home.Selvaraj also wrote a letter to Goddess Mariamman and village elders to resolve a land dispute with a private firm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12834174", "title": "Sneha craves for privacy", "text": "The to-be bride Sneha is craving for some privacy. The actress's mother fell ill suddenly and had to be rushed to a private hospital in Chennai for treatment. When the staff at the hospital realized that Sneha was on the premises there was a mad rush to have a glimpse of her.With the staff at the hospital crowding around her, Sneha was very displeased, say sources. She is said to have rued that people don't allow the stars the privacy they crave for at least during the times of distress.Sneha is not the only actress to face such a situation as most stars have to handle it at some point of time or the other.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12829647", "title": "Germany resumes import of grapes from Nashik after two years", "text": "NASHIK: After blocking the import of Indian table grapes for two years, Germany has resumed placing orders to Indian exporters after the issue was resolved at a meeting with the authorities in Berlin in February.Indian exporters have started despatching consignments and, in fact, around 120 containers (1,440 metric tonnes) of grapes have been exported so far to Germany.European countries had rejected Indian consignments of grapes after a chemical residue was found in the 2010 season (January-April). After joint efforts by the government and exporters, European countries, except Germany, had accepted some consignments at lower rates, while the rest of the consignments were diverted to Russia and other countries.Since 2010, Germany had been stalling the import of table grapes from India on safety grounds. With an aim to settle the issue with Germany, an Indian delegation, including officials from the Agriculture and Processed Food Products Export Development Authority (APEDA), National Research Centre (NRC), Pune, and Grape Exporters' Association (GEAI) had visited Germany and held talks with the authorities and importers there.\"Around 90 containers have been exported directly, while the remaining 30 were sent via Rotterdam port in Netherland,\" Jagannath Khapare, president, Grapes Exporters' Association of India (GEAI), told TOI.Though the contribution of European countries in total grape exports from India is 30-40%, value-wise its contribution is 50-55% as Europe pays better rates. In 2010-11, India's grape exports were 99,278.53 metric tones, amounting to around Rs 412 crore; of which, 30,284.62 metric tonnes of grapes amounting to Rs 200 crore were exported to European countries. Of the total grape exports to Europe, Germany contributes 40%, according to APEDA sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12829187", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad moots central monitoring system for all sewage treatment plants", "text": "PUNE: The PCMC has proposed to bring all its five old sewage treatment plants (STPs) under the central montoring system - supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA). The estimated cost of the project is Rs 5.73 crore and is to be completed in the next six months.Vasant Salvi, executive engineer, PCMC, said, \"The newly-built six STPs at Chinchwad, Ravet, Kasarwadi, Sangvi, Dapodi and Charholi have local SCADA system.However, the five old STPs - at Chikhli, Bhatnagar (Pimpri), Pimpale Nilakh, old STP of Sangvi and phase I STP of Kasarwadi -- do not have SCADA system. Hence, the civic body wants to have a centralized monitoring system to monitor all the STPs.\"The SCADA system will enable us to monitor the water levels, the amount of treated sewage, the quality of treatment, dissolved oxygen level, chemical oxygen demand and other aspects of STPs. All this information about the STPs will be monitored at an office to be set up at a centrally located area, likely to be at the Chinchwad STP,\" Salvi said.A total of 277 MLD domestic sewage is generated in the city. The total capacity of all the STPs is 297 MLD sewage daily. But the daily sewage treated is 208 MLD. The construction work at other STPs with a capacity of 41 MLD is in progress.There are 16 pumping stations in the city to send the sewage to these STPs. There is a network of 1,187-km-long drainage pipelines to transport the sewage to the pumping stations. The work of laying 211-km-long pipelines is in progress, he said.There are three rivers flowing though the PCMC limits -- Indrayani on the northern boundary, Mula on the southern boundary and Pavana through the middle. The untreated sewage is released into these rivers. As a result the water of these rivers has become highly polluted and is not even fit for agriculture. There is a need for the civic body to increase its drainage pipeline network to ensure that all the sewage generated in the city is sent to the STPs for treatment and later the treated sewage has to be released into the rivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12829594", "title": "Ex-militants to help plug infiltration from Nepal", "text": "SRINAGAR: The Jammu &amp; Kashmir government will soon deploy former militants as \"spotters\" along the India-Nepal border to stop infiltration. The decision was taken at a high-level meeting chaired by home secretary R K Singh on Sunday.The Centre has decided to depute J&K; police along with Sashastra Seema Bal personnel to help identify Kashmiri militants using the Indo-Nepal border to re-enter the Valley and former militants will be assisting them in this task.The Indo-Nepal border has been increasingly used as an entry route ever since the state government announced the Rehabilitation Policy in 2010, under which former militants, who crossed over to Pakistan-occupied Kashmir between 1989 and 2009, were being considered for safe return. However, during the past few months, there were some cases detected of militants holed up in PoK entering the Valley through Nepal and claiming they had returned according to the 2010 policy. Some of these youth were later found involved in militant activities.The personnel, besides being deployed at 15 points from where people from India and Nepal enter, will also be part of patrolling parties to man areas used for illegal infiltration, sources said. Intelligence agencies have flagged off concerns on the safe passage given to former militants without stringent surveillance mechanisms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12830065", "title": "I don\u2019t have the power to sanction projects or dismiss subordinates: HUDA administrator", "text": "GURGAON: Praveen Kumar came to Gurgaon with a bang when he took charge as the HUDA administrator. His actions suggested he would change the scarred and ugly face of the Millennium City during his tenure. The senior IAS officer, who had served in Gurgaon earlier as the additional deputy commissioner under then deputy commissioner Rajender Kataria, indeed made residents sit up and take notice as he went about cleaning up the rot. However, six months down the line, residents have become sceptical about his initial promises. Excerpts of his interview:Do you face resistance from officials in your department?I would not deny the fact that there has been tremendous resistance from within the department to bring about changes which are necessary. There are two parts to the roles we play - authority and responsibility. It appears that most of us feel that we have authority but do not accept our responsibilities.Some of the projects you initiated are either incomplete or have lost pace. What are the reasons behind it?I have barely any sanctioning powers when it comes to projects, all of which need approvals from the state headquarters. Also, officials who have been delegated work are not delivering in time due to their own inefficiency. Moreover, there are political interests in doing or not doing a task which further adds to the performance as everyone wants to play it safe.What is the major hindrance which keeps work pending despite your having the position to command?I have 3,000 employees working under me at present. However, the unfortunate part is that I as the administrator have no powers to terminate subordinates if I find them disobedient. I was better as GM Roadways back in the 90s when I could appoint or dismiss subordinates. This system definitely needs the fear of termination to set an example for non-performers.What do you think about the residents who have pinned their hopes on you?Hope and expectation are part of human nature but then people have to understand that it takes time to get things done in this system. They should also be realistic in their approach.The incident of your slapping a peon in the department evoked strong criticism. Is getting physical a way to get things done?Slapping or beating someone up is the final outcome of frustration with the system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12829452", "title": "HC quashes Joshi\u2019s plea for more time", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh high court has quashed a petition by tainted IAS officer Arvind Joshi, seeking more time for his sisters to appear before a departmental inquiry committee. Arvind's sisters, Abha Ghani and Vibha Patel are settled in the US and the UK. The high court on Friday came down hard on the suspended former principal secretary (Jail) Arvind for trying to \"delay the inquiry\" by not producing his sister Vibha in the disproportionate assets case against him.A division bench of the high court in Jabalpur dismissed a writ petition filed by Arvind challenging the order passed by the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) refusing to grant any additional time for cross-examining his sisters as witnesses.Arvind and Tinoo Joshi, both 1979 batch IAS officers, came into national focus after the income tax department raided their residence here in February 2010, unearthing assets valued at Rs 360 crore. Following the raids, the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government immediately suspended the IAS couple and started an inquiry by former chief secretary Nirmala Buch.The properties revealed during the raid included 402 acres of agricultural land in Bhopal, Sehore, Raisen, Balaghat and Kanha. All this land was in the names of the two sisters Abha and Vibha.Arvind claimed to the investigating agencies that his sisters had given him the power of attorney and he used it to purchase land on their behalf.Earlier this year, the Nirmala Buch committee summoned the sisters in the case. But in February, Arvind sought more time for producing his sister Vibha as a witness saying that she teaches in Oxford University and would be unable to come at such a short notice. He was granted time till April 16. But just before the new date, Arvind moved another application asking for two more weeks which Nirmala declined. Joshi approached CAT for extension but his plea was quashed. He then took the matter to the high court. The division bench of justices Sushil Harkoli and Alok Aradhe heard the matter and dismissed his petition.The ED, which registered a complaint under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) against the IAS couple in January this year, could also book the sisters under FEMA because it is illegal for NRIs to own agricultural land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830641", "title": "Mastermind of Mahim baby kidnapping yet to be nabbed", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch, which traced a kidnapped infant to Kolkata, is yet to nab the mastermind in the case. Three-month-old Makhdoom was kidnapped from the streets of Mahim on March 26 while his parents, who do odd jobs, were at work. The crime branch tracked down one of the accused, Jaggu, to Kolkata and retrieved the baby from him on Friday.\"Makhdoom's mother, Mumtaz Shaikh, has been sent to Kolkata to identify the boy at the children's home where he is lodged. A DNA test will then be conducted on the child,\" an official said. Jaggu will be brought to Mumbai on Monday.The two accused had planned to sell Makhdoom into a begging racket or to a childless couple. However, the duo realized the police were on their trail and selling the infant in Mumbai wouldn't be possible. They then escaped to Kolkata, where Jaggu had contacts who promised to help him sell the baby.The Mahim police and the crime branch had been tracking the phone location of the duo, but they kept switching their phones off.In a separate case where a 10-year-old boy was abducted from Santa Cruz and taken to Allahabad, police officials revealed that the kidnappers, who have been arrested, were employees of the victim's father. The boy was rescued from Allahabad on Saturday with the help of the UP police.The boy's father is a labour contractor. The two accused were among a set of 10 labourers who worked for him. The accused were upset as he had paid dues to only one of them. \"The victim's father asked the accused to wait for a few days for their money as the banks were shut due to a public holiday. The accused had an argument with him and decided to take revenge by kidnapping his son. The duo turned up in an auto and abducted the boy while he was playing outside his house,\" an officer said. The accused later demanded a ransom of Rs 50,000 from the boy's father. Their phone calls were traced to Allahabad.In a third case, the LT Marg police arrested a woman, Manisha Bhole, for attempting to kidnap a six-month-old boy from outside Marine Lines railway station.According to the police, the child, Sonu, was in a makeshift cradle on the footpath. Bhole (31) was trying to flee with the baby when locals chased her down and handed her over to the cops.Mumbai: The crime branch, which traced a kidnapped infant to Kolkata, is yet to nab the kingpin in the case. Three-month-old Makhdoom was kidnapped from the streets of Mahim on March 26 while his parents were away at work. The crime branch traced one of the two accused, Jaggu, at Kolkata and retrieved the baby from him on Friday.\"Makhdoom's mother, Mumtaz Shaikh, has been sent to Kolkata to identify the baby at the children's home where he is lodged. A DNA test will then be conducted on the child,\" an official said. Jaggu will be brought to Mumbai by the sleuths on Monday.According to the police, the motive of the two accused was to sell baby Makhdoom into a begging racket or to a childless couple. However, the duo soon gathered that the police were on their trail and selling the infant in Mumbai wouldn't be possible for them. They then slipped to Kolkata which is the hometown of Jaggu. Officials said Jaggu had some contacts in Kolkata who assured to help him in selling off the baby.The Mahim police and the crime branch were working neck-to-neck to solve the case. They had been tracking the phone location of the accused, but the duo would keep switching their phones off.In a separate case where a ten-year-old boy had been abducted from Santa Cruz and taken to Allahabad, crime branch officials revealed that the abductors were employees of the victim's father. The boy was rescued from Allahabad on Saturday with the help of the UP police. The boy's father is a labour contractor and stays near Nanavati Hospital.The two accused were amongst a set of ten labourers who worked for the victim's father. The accused were upset with the victim's father as he had paid dues to only one of them. \"The victim's father had asked the accused to wait for a few days for their money as banks were shut due to public holidays. But the accused had an argument with him and decided to take revenge by abducting his son. While the boy was playing outside his house a fortnight ago, the accused landed up in an autorickshaw and whisked him away,\" an official said. \"The duo later demanded a ransom of Rs 50000 from the boy's father. But their phone calls were traced to Allahabad.In a third case, the LT Marg police arrested a woman, Manisha Bhole, for attempting to kidnap a six month-old-baby boy outside Marine Lines railway station. According to the police, the boy, Sonu, was in a makeshift cradle on the footpath. Bhole (31) was trying to flee with the baby when locals chased and caught her. She was later handed over to the cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "12831951", "title": "Customs office at Attari attracts truckloads of goods and goodwill", "text": "ATTARI: Within days of a new customs and immigration facility becoming operational, the volume of trade between neighbours India and Pakistan saw a sharp rise. Located about 30 km from Amritsar on the historic GT Road, the swank \" integrated check post\" (ICP) brings hope that the route, barely used for trade since Independence, will once again become active.\"We used to clear about 90 truckloads of goods for both import and export, but now we are handling more than 250 trucks a day. Overall, trade recorded a 40 per cent increase within four days since the launch of this checkpost on April 9,\" said Rameshwar, manager at the ICP.On April 13, Union home minister P Chidambaram inaugurated the check post, spread across 130 acres and built at a cost of Rs 120 cr. The facility is one of 13 planned to help boost trade between the two neighbours. It has provisions to deal with security, customs and immigration for passengers as well as cargo.Significantly, trucks from Pakistan, that had to be unloaded at the border point itself, can now drive in till the ICP and unload their goods directly at the warehouse. Earlier, Attari had a single warehouse with 225-ton capacity. The ICP has two warehouses : one with 10,000-ton capacity for imported goods and the second, the export warehouse, has a 4,000-ton capacity.An important change also is fixing of porter charges, said Rameshwar. 'Handling charges' for porters are now fixed and are not arbitrary as they used to be. But it's still a way to smooth functioning.For one, Pakistan is yet to create similar infrastructure and still depends on the old warehouse. Days ago, said Rameshwar, Pakistan refused trucks of soybean from India as they did not have rain-shelters.Expanding trade ties with Pakistan would prove difficult unless they create matching infrastructure , said Anil Mehra, president of the Federation of Karyana and Dry Fruit Commercial Association. Mehra also suggested that government should extend the freight corridor up to Attari to enable free movement by rail.Former chairman of CII's Punjab state council Gunbir Singh said that the ICP's success would also depend on measures taken by government to check illegal barter trade from across J&K;'s Line of Control. \"Though the barter trade is meant for items of only Kashmiri origin, all kinds of goods are being bartered,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12829783", "title": "French couple threatens fast in Udaipur over daughter's death", "text": "JAIPUR: Alleging callousness in the investigation into the mysterious death of their daughter Anne Clouet in Udaipur in March 2010, a French couple, Gildas Clouet and Lydiane Clouet, have threatened to sit on a fast in the Lake City.Anne Clouet (23) was found dead in a hotel room in the Walled City in Udaipur. The postmortem report said death occurred due to drug overdose. However, a final postmortem in France revealed that several of her organs like kidneys, heart, intestine and uterus were missing. This, despite the French embassy's instructions to the medical jurist at Udaipur on minimal damage to the body.In a letter written recently to Udaipur superintendent of police and district collector, girl's father Gildas Clouet alleged that the police had called them for recording their statement and they came to Udaipur from France. But the investigating officer did not record their statement properly.Anne had arrived in Udaipur on February 24 with her friend Annelise Archen, a student of architecture in France. Both stayed at Hotel Nai Haveli in Jagdish Chowk area in separate rooms. During their stay, they came in contact with Dhruva Sharma, a resident of Bhatiyani Chohatta area and Ali Hussain, a resident of Mulla Talai area. Police said that both Dhruv and Hussain were unauthorized tourist guides. Dhruva and Anne, a flight attendant with Swiss Airlines, had consumed alcohol and they returned to the hotel room in the wee hours. Next morning, Dhruva and two others rushed the girl to M B Hospital where doctors declared her brought dead. There were injury marks on her head and neck. Police had claimed at that time that Dhruva had criminal cases registered against him and he was also a drug addict.Her parents had visited Udaipur several times seeking justice for Anne. The couple was in touch with the French embassy in New Delhi following the case. But even after 2 years, several questions remained unanswered, they said.The father said in the letter that no action has been taken against any of the five doctors who were in the medical board constituted to conduct post-mortem of Anne's body. Besides, the police have arrested only Dhruva Sharma when the role of Ali Hussain and Annelise Archen is also suspicious.\"We have told the police several times that someone withdrew Rs 10,000 using the ATM of my daughter the next day of her death. The police have not investigated this,\" the father claimed in the letter. He further claimed that no request has been sent from the police to French ambessy for making Annelise Archen available for questioning in the matter.The couple says that they would be forced to sit on a fast in front of SP office to draw attention of the authorities towards their plight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12829639", "title": "CM to interact with industry bosses", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a fresh impetus to the industry, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has agreed to participate in an industry conclave, featuring some big-wigs from the India Inc, to be held in the state capital in May. This will be the first occasion in the past five years when participants from various industries would get a chance to interact with the UP chief minister.Ever since the Samajwadi Party government was sworn in, industry in the state has felt buoyed by the government's renewed interest in lending a helping hand to the business environment. UP's industrial and infrastructure development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta confirmed that the industry conclave would have the chief minister interacting with industry players in a bid to push Brand UP in the right direction.Though he refrained from taking names, Gupta said several big industry players have been in talks with the CM and SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav over their desire to invest in UP.The meetings, Gupta said, have taken place both in Lucknow and New Delhi. \"It may be too soon to say anything yet, but with the CM opening his doors to industry members, UP will see positive changes over the next few months,\" Gupta said.An industry initiative, the conclave is expected to be held in the second fortnight of May and will have representatives from across sectors exchanging ideas and discussing issues with the CM. The government has also undertaken steps for making it easier to do business in UP. To strengthen the Udyog Bandhu, the government has organised operational and technical training sessions for its nodal officers at departments concerned rom 27 districts.This initiative has been undertaken in order to familiarise officers with Nivesh Mitra. In this light, training programmes have been organised at the office of Udyog Bandhu for nearly 500 participants and will help departments as well as entrepreneurs. Covering 27 sessions, the programme is expected to be completed by May 3, 2012. Showing its techno-savvy stance, the government has also made a multimedia presentation on Nivesh Mitra -- the single-window system for inviting investment in the state -- on the Youtube.Earlier this month, after a meeting with Akhilesh, founder chairman of HCL Technologies Shiv Nadar proposed to fund IT education in 120 primary schools of Uttar Pradesh over the next two years. The project is expected to be taken up by the state government on a public private partnership basis. In a similar vein, the state government has also entered into an advanced stage of talks with Tata Motors over the expansion of their manufacturing plant in Lucknow.This is in sharp contrast to the attitude towards industry in the former Mayawati government regime. Though the government had initiated plans of nearly Rs 2,00,000 crore worth of private investment, most projects were not implemented for various reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12830375", "title": "The king of mangoes sold at prices fit for royalty", "text": "On a hot Sunday afternoon, as vapours of heat rose from the tarred road outside the elaborate Panaji market complex, the king of fruits - the mango - sitting in small pyramids before its mainly-female vendors looked almost divine in its gleaming orange-yellow skin. But that is all there was to it.Busy shoppers, out on their weekly grocery shopping spree, dodged every pile of exotic and common variety of mangoes, after a casual inquiry about the price had them mark it off their shopping list for a while.The trademark Goan mancurado tops the list of the unattainable at 1,500 per dozen, while its Maharashtrian cousin Alphonso is only slightly less exclusive at 800 per dozen. Goan shoppers, who decided to give in to the golden fruit's temptation, went for the nameless local varieties priced at 400 per dozen. The ever-blushing Goan maldes mango with its rosy hue cost its takers, if any, 550 per dozen.The fate of mango buyers was similar on Sunday at the Mapusa market.Vendors were seen at Panaji making the most of the season by selling ordinary varieties for 200 for five pieces to a Korean tourist couple, who stopped by to ask for the 'Goan maakurad.'\"There are no buyers for the mangoes. They are more expensive than ever. There is no possibility of the prices coming down much either. Earlier, the mango season used to extend till end of May, now with all the trees being replaced by buildings where are the trees for mangoes to grow? Where is the time for the prices to come down?\" said one vendor Subhadhra Govekar, who travels six kilometers from Corlim to sell her locally grown fruits and veggies at Panaji.In the neigbhouring and privileged area of Porvorim, which is the house of Goa's state legislative assembly, Rashid Sheikh mainly caters to residents of mega building complexes and independent bungalows. But the golden fruit has not found a market in this exclusive locality either. \"Buyers prefer apples, oranges or grapes. No one wants to buy a mango when they hear the price. So I have not stocked any,\" Sheikh said.Mancurado variety costs 1,800 per dozen in Curchorem and 2,400 to 2,200 in the commercial capital of Margao. Aam admi varieties ranged from 600 to 1,200 dozen.Last April, when Goans went sniffing for the sweet smell of mancurados at the start of the season, they were left electrified not just by the fruit's aroma but its price of 90 per fruit. The news sent shockwaves through mango-lovers but last year's start-of-season price of 1080 per dozen has only bettered itself this year, driving mancurado fans into a tizzy yet again.By end of May 2011, mancurados were taken home at a bargain-price of 400 per dozen before the season came to an end. This year, the situation is apparently hopeless. \"The rates of exotic varieties like mancurado are unlikely to come down soon this year,\" a fruit seller in the Margao market said.The king of mangoes - the mancurado - has not made an appearance yet in the Ponda market at all, given its price.\"We are selling cheaper varieties brought from outside the state. In Ponda, some nameless varieties are on sale. These lesser known varieties have a better chance of being sold as it's the mango season and these are more affordable for buyers,\" a vendor in the Ponda market said.The size of these poor man's mangoes look good, but they don't taste like the prized variety. Philosophizes Surendra Dhulapkar, a customer in the Ponda market, \"Whatever we get first, we must eat and not wait for the mancurado. If it rains, the shelf life of mangoes is reduced and they get spoilt.\"Dhulapkar said, \"With deforestation and urbanization of rural areas, mango trees are being cut down along with others for expansion of roads and other development. It has taken a heavy toll on local fruit bearing trees. This has affected mango production. It is indeed a scary scenario.\"Remedios Pereira, a resident of a coastal village in South Goa, said, \"We would play sitting below mango trees as children. We would wait for a ripe mancurados to literally land in our laps. The thud of a falling mango would bring people running out of their houses to compete for the prized possession of the mango. Now, there are barely any trees in the village and we have to wait till mid-May for the prices to come down in the market.\"(With inputs from Govind Maad Kamat, Suraj Kaisuvkar, Paul Fernandes)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12829644", "title": "State plans five-year export promotion programme", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra government plans to chalk out a five-year export promotion programme especially for grapes with the assistance of the Agriculture and Processed Food Products Export Development Authority of India (APEDA).The programme will include activities like increasing grape export markets, exploring new markets and upgrading infrastructure like pack- houses. The programme will be jointly funded by the state government and APEDA.A meeting was recently held at Mantralaya in Mumbai with state horticulture minister Vijaykumar Gavit in the chair, to boost the export of grapes from Maharashtra. Among those present were principal secretary (agriculture &amp; horticulture) Sudhirkumar Goyal, president of the Grapes Exporters' Association of India (GEAI) Jagannath Khapare and officials from APEDA and the National Research Centre (NRC).\"The state government has taken initiatives to increase exports from the state. Accordingly, the state government plans to chalk out a five-year programme with APEDA's assistance. The programme will include increasing grape export markets, exploring new markets and upgrading infrastructure for exports,\" said Jagannath Khapre, president, GEAI. \"The meeting also decided to send a delegation led by APEDA officials to Europe after the grape season to discuss export-related issues. A meeting with the authorities of Netherlands has been scheduled in May.\"\"Exports from Maharashtra began in 1990 and pack-houses, set up at that time, have become old. Hence, the government plans to upgrade them and provide financial assistance to those set up by 2000. A decision in this regard is likely to be taken shortly by the state government,\" he said.Maharashtra contributes 90% to the country's export, and Nashik district, known for producing a large quantity of grapes, contribute 75% of Maharashtra's exports. In 2010, around 45,000 metric tonnes of grapes were exported from Maharashtra, including 35,671 metric tonnes from Nashik district. In 2011, grape exports from Maharashtra were badly affected due to unseasonal rains affecting vineyards. In 2011, Maharashtra exported around 25,000 metric tonnes of grapes, including 15,000 tonnes from Nashik district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12829147", "title": "Sharebroker arrested for duping 18 investors", "text": "PUNE: The Vishrantwadi police on Sunday arrested a 46-year-old sharebroker for allegedly duping around 18 people from the city of Rs 2.25 crore after promising them good returns on their investments in the stock market.The suspect - Noorani S Chudamani of Tingrenagar - used his clients' money to purchase two luxury cars and to invest in real estate at Bhugaon in Mulshi taluka and Kharadi, said deputy commissioner of police (zone IV) Sanjay Jadhav.Girish Reddy Ramareddy Sheshgiri (31) of Rasta Peth lodged a complaint in this regard with the Vishrantwadi police station on March 14. Sheshgiri had invested Rs 48 lakh with Chudamani.The Vishrantwadi police had earlier arrested Chudamani's assistant Irfan Sayyad and booked his wife Sunanda. \"Sunanda had obtained anticipatory bail after Sayyad's arrest,\" said senior police inspector Motichand Rathod.Rathod said that Chudamani used to operate as a sharebroker from his office in Tingrenagar. He had promised his clients good returns on their investments in the stock market. \"Initially, he had returned money to the investors. But later he stopped paying them,\" he said.Rathod said that when the investors started approaching Chudamani he told them that he had suffered huge losses in the stock market. \"But investigations have revealed that Chudamnai used their money to purchase properties in Bhugaon and Kharadi,\" Rathod said.He said that Chudamani, Sunanda and Sayyad hatched a plot to avoid clients, who were demanding that he return their money. \"As per the plot, Chudamani pretended to go missing and Sunanda lodged a missing person's complaint with the police on March 10. We later found that the trio was in regular contact with each other,\" Rathod said.On Sunday morning the police got a tip-off that Chudamani would be coming to his residence. \"We laid a trap and arrested him,\" Rathod said. The police suspect that Chudamani may have duped around 40 people in total. \"So far 18 people have come forward. We have also found that many investors have pledged their gold ornaments and properties to invest in the stock market through him,\" Rathod said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "12831004", "title": "Two booked for raping Dalit girl", "text": "BHANDARA: A rape case was filed against two youths from a backward class by the victim's mother at Lakhni police station on Saturday. The youths confessed to their guilt during interrogation and were booked under sections 376 and 3(1) (12) of Prevention of Atrocities on SC/ST Act of Indian Penal Code.According to the complaint, the teenaged victim was raped by two youths in the jungle. The victim was also from Dalit community studying in a school in Lakhni. She was taken to the jungle of Kesalwada in Khutsawari, 10km from Lakhni, by Pramod alias Kalya Bawankule (22) and Kartik Borkar (19), both residents of Murmadi village.The victim's mother said that the youths gave her some tablets to make her unconscious and raped her. They also took her pictures during the act and sent them to their friends via Bluetooth. The mother came to know of the obscene pictures after four months of the incident.Assistant superintendent of police Dr Abhinav Deshmukh said, \"Such incidents happen in rural areas but most cases are not reported due to fear of defamation. A similar incident occurred in Palora village in the jurisdiction of Adyal police station two months ago. The accused were arrested and are in jail,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12829560", "title": "Father rapes 13-year-old daughter in Indore", "text": "INDORE: A man allegedly raped his 13-year-old daughter at Jagganath Nagar area here a few days ago. The issue was reported to the Banganga police only on Saturday.The victim's mother complained to the police that she had gone to a factory for work on April 16 when her husband raped their minor daughter.The victim, Neelu (name changed), along with her physically challenged younger brother, was at home when the victim's father Shav Singh came drunk. Singh sent the boy outside the home on some pretext and then reportedly raped Neelu. He also threatened to kill her in case she divulged anything about the incident.However, the victim informed about the incident to her mother on Saturday. She also said her father had been allegedly molesting her since long.Police have lodged an FIR against Singh under the Sections 376 and 506 of the IPC. However, the police did not arrest the accused till the filing of the report.The family belongs to Shajapur and has been residing at Jagannath Nagar area.Meanwhile, in a similar incident in Sanwer, a man, Mukesh, raped a 50-year-old woman on Saturday.Police informed that the woman had gone to field when Mukesh found her alone and raped her. The family members of the woman approached the Sanwer police and lodged a complaint. Police have booked Mukesh under various sections of the IPC. The hunt is on for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12830913", "title": "Nagpur University sets up panel to probe paper leak", "text": "NAGPUR: After initially denying TOI's expose of paper leak on Sunday, Nagpur University constituted a four-member committee under chancellor K Sankaranarayanan's nominee in Management Council Sanjay Khadakkar.TOI had reported on Sunday how question paper of final year Bachelor of Commerce (BCom) Computer Application (BCCA New Course) conducted on Saturday was leaked on Friday night itself. TOI had received the question paper of 'Business Law' by e-mail at 10.29pm on Friday. It tallied with original held on Saturday. All questions and their chronology was found in same order with just a few words changed. In all 2,965 students appeared for paper that was their last from 54 centres (28 from the city). Even SMS of leaked questions were received by a number of students. Sources had already termed the leak as biggest scandal to the rock NU after Kohchade scam of 1999.A press release in this regard was issued by NU controller of examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane who had initially denied any leak and blamed media for \"fabricating\" the news. The release said after the news was published in TOI, NU convened an emergent meeting of examination section personnel in which commerce dean Bharat Meghe was also present. Vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal then decided to constitute the panel under Khadakkar with Board of Studies (BoS) for commerce chairman Milind Patil, Meghe and Kane as members. No time frame was set for the panel to submit its report.The release, however, said NU had not received any complaint about the leak. However, state minster for higher and technical education Rajesh Tope flayed NU administration stating that they must take suo motu cognizance of media reports and constitute a high level inquiry. \"They can't wash their hands of the matter by saying there was no complaint. They must enquire and verify the facts before rejecting claims,\" he told TOI from Mumbai.Former NU VC Haribhau Kedar called for immediate filing of police complaint in such a big leak that might affect several students. \"NU should reschedule the exam on a priority to escape criticism. A proper enquiry must be taken up to get to the source of the problem. Prompt action should be taken against those found guilty as sanctity of education is at stake,\" he said.Kedar added that Subject Exam Committee (SEC) was the only body that had access to the papers. \"It should be made sure that members of this committee have integrity and a thorough background check must be done,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "12829569", "title": "Torrential rain destroys over 80 houses", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Heavy rain accompanied by strong wind destroyed houses and damaged properties worth Rs 4.5 crore in Vazhayoor and Mundakassery in the district on Friday. More than 80 houses were damaged and acres of coconut and banana plantations were destroyed.A loss of Rs 4.5 crore estimated, in the heavy rain accompanied by the gusty winds which damaged more than 80 houses and destroyed acres of coconut and banana plantations in Vazhayoor Panchayat in the district on Friday.An all-party team will meet chief minister Oommen Chandy on Tuesday demanding a special compensation package for the rehabilitation of the victims. all party team will meet chief minister Oommen Chandy on Tuesday demanding special package of An compensation for the rehabilitation of the victims of untimely heavy rain wind that lashed out in Vazhayoor and Mundakkassery region of the panchayat.Muhammedunni Haji, MLA, who visited more than ten damaged houses in Mundakkasery on Saturday, has directed the revenue officials to take immediate steps to provide compensation to the victims. However the district collector's relief fund was insufficient and the MLA held a discussion with revenue minister Adoor Prakash regarding the immediate distribution of compensation amount.Muhammedunni Haji MLA has visited more than ten damaged houses in Mundakkasery on Saturday , and directed the revenue officials to take immediate steps to provide compensation amount to victims. However the District Collector's relief fund was insufficient and the MLA , hold a discussion with revenue minister Adoor Praksah , regarding the immediate release of compensation amount to victims.The all-party meeting held at Vazhayoor panchayat on Sunday has decided to distribute food kits to the victims in Vazahyoor, Chellikkara, and Mundakassery regions. The social and cultural organizations in Azhinhilam, Karadu, Thiruthiyad, Kakkove, and Vazhayoor came forward to help the victims. The meeting also decided to collect a fund for distributing emergency financial aid. Members of each ward in the panchayat will coordinate the fund collection process. However, the local people and the members of a social organization 'Yuvadarsana' engaged in relief activities on Sunday.Tahsildar N K Yusufali visited the damaged houses. of Parammal Pathmavathi, Pulparambil Vappan, Pulparambil Devaki, Melvelichath Raghavan, Parammal Karikkutty, Thazhathiyel Neelakandan, which were damaged in the heavy wind lashed out in Mndakassery region.Vazhayoor panchayat president Hibathulla master, vice president Pulparambil Girija, and various political party leaders also visited the area. Majority of houses were damaged when trees fell on them. \"A clear idea on the total loss would be published later and immediate steps would be taken for the rehabilitation of the victims,\" said Yusufali.The rain also destroyed acres of crops in the neighbouring Vazhakkad panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12831915", "title": "Visa issue a major hurdle in pushing industry ties", "text": "NEW DELHI: The rapid progress in normalizing trade relations between India and Pakistan has spurred hopes for a jump in business between the two countries. But businessmen on both sides say there are several challenges to overcome.A majority of businessmen say that easing visa rules for business travel should be done immediately to facilitate the trade normalization process. The two governments are expected to sign an agreement on the issue soon.\"The main issue now is visas for business travel. This is important for business to business contact,\" said Vikramjit Sahney, president of the SAARC Chamber of Commerce and Industry, adding that more steps need to be implemented to upgrade border infrastructure.Air connectivity and banking links are two key hurdles. The Reserve Bank of India and the State Bank of Pakistan are negotiating the opening of bank branches in each other's territory but businessmen say the process should be fasttracked . Pakistan's Muslim Commercial Bank has offered to open branches in Mumbai and Delhi to strengthen commercial links.Pardeep Sahgal, a leading businessman in Amritsar with business links in Pakistan says both governments need to look closely at improving the border infrastructure. He says business should be conducted 24x7 at the gates in Attari when volumes increase, otherwise it will lead to huge congestion.\"A port authority must be set up at the integrated check post. Trade has been kept out of the decision making process at the micro level,\" Sahgal, a partner at Sinochem Impex, said adding that efforts must be made to shore up the railway system for faster movement of goods between the two countries. Businessmen say more land routes are needed to meet the increase in trade.But for most business groups ensuring security of investments is a vital issue. They say the two sides must conclude the Bilateral Investment Protection Agreement to ensure safety of investments.Jyotsna Suri, chairperson and managing director of Bharat Hotels , said tourism between the two countries has huge potential but visa rules must be eased and security issues need to be sorted out to move ahead.\"Almost ten years ago we were invited to set up a hotel in Pakistan. Private players need protection for their investment . I need my investment to be safe,\" said Suri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830718", "title": "Widow of will's executor can't register trust: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has rapped the charity commissioner's office for allowing the widow of a will's executor to register a public trust. Observing that the widow had no right to do so, the court set aside a 1999 order and directed the assistant charity commissioner (ACC) to conduct a fresh inquiry and pass an order.Justice A V Nirgude heard appeals by tenants of Sir Jehangir Boman Behram, a solicitor who died in 1949. In his will, he wished for the creation of a residuary trust fund by sale of his immovable properties, not bequeathed to anyone, to pay fees of poor Parsi Zoroastrian students. Two properties, Boman Behram Buildings at Love Lane in Mazgaon and a bungalow near Deolali, in Nashik, and a bank account became source for the fund. But, before the executors could consolidate the fund, they died. one by one till 1986.For quite some time, no one came forward to be appointed administrator. In March 1998, Banoo Boman Behram, wife Sir Jehangir's nephew who was an executor, made an application to high court to appoint her as administrator. During its pendency, she executed a Deed of Settlement of a public trust in December 1998, saying she had right to do as she was a widow of one of the executors. She registered it in December 1998.The ACC registered the trust on April 6, 1999. The tenants' appeals before the joint charity commissioner and city civil court were dismissed. Banoo died on November 2, 2000. The tenants then moved the HC.Justice Nirgude, in his recent order, said the only connection Banoo had to the probate was that her late husband was appointed the will's executor. After his death, his status as executor ended and since rights of the executor were not inheritable, the legal heir of an executor would not get them. \"She was practically a stranger to the will, probate and property,\" he said, adding that the ACC should have referred the case to the HC for the appointment of administrator before registering the trust.Justice Nirgude said the registration of the Deed of Settlement was a fraudulent act on Banoo's part and the ACC ought to have rejected her application on grounds of illegality. \"But unfortunately, even the learned joint commissioner did not realize the illegality committed first by . Banoo and then by the assistant charity commissioner,\" he concluded.He has stayed his judgment to enable nephews of late Rustom Irani, Banoo's power of attorney holder, to appeal in the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "helsinki", "code": "12837060", "title": "Nokia cannot sell 3G phones in Germany", "text": "HELSINKI: Nokia Oyj lost a ruling in a patent lawsuit by IPCom GmbH &amp; Co over wireless technology that could remove Nokia third-generation handsets from the German market.Nokia must stop all 3G phone sales in Germany under the Regional Court of Mannheim's ruling, IPCom said April 20 in an e-mailed statement. Nokia will appeal, spokesman Mark Durrant said. Most of the phones affected came out before the patent and today's products use different methods, he said.IPCom, based in Pullach, Germany, is seeking to force Nokia to pay royalties for a portfolio of mobile-technology patents it acquired from Robert Bosch GmbH in 2007. The two companies are entangled in patent litigation across Europe. The ruling concerns a patent known as 100DE, which is part of a group of patents that cover how to connect devices to 3G wireless networks and prioritize them.The court ruling \"clearly says that none of Nokia's UMTS- compatible mobile phones must be distributed in the German market,\" said Bernhard Frohwitter, chief executive officer of IPCom, referring to 3G devices. \"The decision does not say that only older models are affected.\"The Mannheim tribunal didn't accept that alternative designs by Nokia didn't infringe the patent, and said that all phones capable of using UMTS 3G technology were affected, IPCom said in its statement.Under German law, patent infringement rulings don't take effect immediately. During appeal, the ruling only takes effect if the winning party enforces it. In such a case, the losing party as a rule asks the court to halt enforcement while the matter is pending.IPCom would have to post a bond of at least 100 million euros ($132 million) if it wants to enforce the injunction while the case is still pending on appeal, according to the judgment.Germany was Nokia's fifth-biggest market by revenue in 2011 and the largest in Western Europe, according to a company filing. The market rankings include equipment joint venture Nokia Siemens Networks .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12830698", "title": "Public health alert issued over water-borne diseases", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The district health administration has issued a public health alert in Thiruvananthapuram district following the widespread reporting of water borne diseases in the district.In the first four months of this year 57,963 cases of fever cases were reported in the district, of which 5,781 were cases of acute diarrhoeal disease (ADD) and 469 were cases of dengue fever.A district surveillance conducted by the health department has found that there were 1,491 suspected cases of dengue this year of which 469 were confirmed. There were also 741 suspected cases of leptospirosis of which 34 were confirmed. Besides there were 533 cases of chickenpox, 62 cases of viral hepatitis, 135 cases of mumps and 104 cases of typhoid has been reported in the district.A high level meeting convened by district collector K N Satheesh has decided to launch integrated measures to ensure clean and safe water supply and water born disease control measures in Thiruvananthapuram, following the increase in fever cases.The district has been said to be vulnerable to the water borne infections due to the climatic and environmental factors. It has been decided to implement effective control measures to check the spreading of these diseases, said district medical officer Dr T Peethambaran and district programme manager of NRHM Dr B Unnikrishnan after the meeting.To check mosquito density, it has been decided to clean the drainage, ponds and water stagnant areas of the district with immediate effect. The district collector has issued orders to the water and sanitation management departments to carry out the works immediately.The district health administration has decided to ensure potable water in all health institutions, mass awareness to the workers engaged in water collection and supply, strict surveillance of migrant labourers and industrial workers and chlorination of water sources.The district collector has ordered proper disposal of waste water by setting up of soakage and leakage pits, frequent inspection of water tankers for ensuring the cleanliness of the tanks and it has also been decided to stop the water supply through tankers during night.The water samples will be collected from the high sensitive areas for random testing and would be send for analysis. Rapid test kits will also be utilized for monitoring the water quality. All hotels, bakeries, restaurants, cool drink stalls, fast food stalls and catering units shall be inspected regularly and safety measures will be ensured.All field staffs and health workers have been asked to detect and report the early warning signals of outbreaks of ADD, cholera, typhoid, dysentery, hepatitis and food poisoning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12830403", "title": "Mini convocation irks Utkal University fraternity", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Utkal University courted controversy by organizing a special event in New Delhi on Sunday to confer honorary degree on two persons who could not make it to the varsity convocation on March 2. The move has annoyed a section of varsity fraternity who felt that such a second convocation away from the varsity lowers its standing.The varsity had announced honorary degrees for Supreme Court judge Justice Ananga Pattanaik, special public prosecutor U U Lalit, industrialist Bansidhar Panda, cardio-thoracic surgeon Dr Ramakanta Panda, solicitor general Rohinton Nariman and former solicitor general Harish Salve. While the former four attended the 44th convocation at the varsity and received the degrees, Nariman and Salve could not make it to the convocation then.The university on Sunday organized the 'special function to confer honoris causa' on Nariman and Salve at Odisha Bhawan at Chanakyapuri. Governor and chancellor of universities M C Bhandare opened the event and awarded the honorary degrees. Vice-chancellor P K Sahoo also addressed the gathering.A former vice-chancellor of Utkal University said conventionally honorary degrees to personalities who fail to attend the convocation are given \"in absentia\" and the citation is delivered to their homes. \"The holding of a mini convocation is undesirable,\" he said.\"There is no such provision in the varsity Act and statute to hold special convocation after the convocation is over,\" said Jaydev Pati, former principal of MS Law College.Some of the varsity faculty, however, felt there was nothing wrong in holding such an event. \"It is a nice way to recognize the personalities' contribution to the society. I don't think there are any anomalies in holding special events to confer honorary degrees,\" said Anup Das, professor of sociology at the varsity.Varsity authorities said there is precedence of similar events. \"There are many instances of holding special functions to award honorary degrees. A few years ago, the university had organized such a function in Mumbai,\" said Utkal registrar Debendra Nath Jena.Utkal PG Council chairman P K Sarkar said giving the honorary degrees is the prerogative of the chancellor and there is no violation of any norms in holding an event to honour the personalities. \"It is an accepted practice in most universities,\" Sarkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12829226", "title": "Cochin airport records 9% growth in traffic", "text": "KOCHI: Defying the downturn experienced by the aviation industry in other parts of the country, Cochin International Airport Limited (Cial) posted 9% growth in passenger traffic in 2011-12, over the previous year.Nearly 4.72 million passengers travelled through the airport in the just-concluded fiscal, an increase of nearly 3.75 lakh from the 4.35 million passengers who travelled in 2010-2011, stated a Cial release on Saturday.Cial handled 2.59 million international passengers and 2.13 million in the domestic sector in 2011-12. The growth in the international sector was about 10%, while it was 8% in the domestic sector.The release stated that increase in domestic passengers was noteworthy considering the setback being faced by various airlines of the country. The airport also handled 42,462 tonne of cargo last year, as against 41,000 tonne in the previous year. The airport had 53 non-scheduled landing of international flights and majority were chartered tourist flights in the last fiscal.Fifteen unscheduled domestic flights landed at the airport. The airport commenced operation in 1999 as the first PPP model airport in the country, and started making profits in 2003.The release added that Tiger Airways, one of Asia's leading low-cost carriers, would start direct flights from Cial to Singapore from April 28. The company will run four flights a week, namely Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12830124", "title": "Forced into abortion 6 times, woman turns whistleblower", "text": "AHMEDABAD: She was forced to go for abortion not once but six times by her in-laws as they were obsessed for a male heir. Today she has used RTI to rescue several women who go through this ordeal many times in their lives. Amisha Bhatt, 36, from Vastrapur has exposed errant sonography clinics, how despite laws like Pre-Conception &amp; Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act and measures to prevent sex determination tests doctors have been maintaining a secret list of patients who are being sent by in-laws for abortions. This list is never revealed to the state government. In her RTI Bhatt has exposed this practice in clinics located in Anand, Anand, Vadodara and Panchmahals.Bhatt had already filed a police case against her husband and in-laws for harassment. But in order to expose this practice Bhatt filed RTI applications with the health officers of two districts seeking details about her abortion case and other such cases. The explosive information exposed a nefarious nexus between gynecologists and sonography clinics involved in illegal abortion and sex determination tests. Bhatt found that her name did not figure in the elaborate list of patients who had undergone sonography tests.\"This meant that the government had no information on the tests conducted on me, as mandated under the PCPNDT Act. There may have been many such women like me. The doctors were maintaining a secret list of patients on which sex determination tests were being conducted,\" says Bhatt.Due to Bhatt's expose, licences of two doctors' were cancelled for malpractice and the state government reviewed the requirements for doctors to submit their monthly reports.Bhatt married Priyavadan Bhatt, a resident of Anand, in the year 2000. Between 2001 and 2009, she was subjected to six abortions. She even gave birth to Kamya, a girl child. Bhatt was sent to clinics in Anand, Vadodara and Godhra.Rajendra Shukla of Yogkshem Manav Sansthan, a city-based organization, who helped Bhatt, says, \"The records revealed an ugly truth. Bhatt's name was not mentioned in the monthly reports sent to the health officers. We proved the abortion and sonography with help of the bills of the doctors. The form 'F' for sonography did not have signature of Bhatt, a prerequisite. We submitted the proofs to the health officials and blew lid off the scam,\" said Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12830615", "title": "PG course fees at Regional Cancer Centre increase by Rs 1.7L per yr", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The governing council of the Regional Cancer Centre has decided to increase the fees of post graduate courses offered by this centre to Rs 3 lakh from Rs1.3 lakh per year.The decision, which was mooted by the executive committee of the RCC headed by health secretary Rajeev Sadanandan has been approved by the governing council of which chief minister Oommen Chandy is the chairman. The new fees will be implemented from the present academic year and it has been already added in the prospectus for the post graduate courses.Once implemented from the present academic year, the post graduate course at the RCC will become the most costly affair when compared to the self-financing colleges of the state. The RCC is considered as one among the pioneering institute in the country and is offering three year post graduate courses in radiotherapy and radio diagnosis.Not just this, if a candidate discontinues the course after the period of final round of allotments, this candidate will have to pay Rs1 7 lakh as liquidated damages.The fee enhancement has raised curious eyebrows since the post graduate courses offered by two other institutes situated in the same campus are much less compared to the RCC. The fees for the post graduate courses offered by medical college here is Rs 70,000 per year and the stipend given for the students are Rs 26,000 per month. At the Sree Chitra Institute of Medical Sciences and Technology, the fess for the PG course is Rs15,000 per year and the stipend offered is Rs.54,000 per month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12829371", "title": "Nonadanga protestors call off hunger strike", "text": "KOLKATA: Nonadanga anti-eviction activists on Sunday called off their 14-day hunger strike and reconstructed the slum that was demolished on March 30. Members of the Nonadanga Uchhed Birodhi Sanhati Committee - the united platform of various organizations - claimed they had achieved an \"ethical\" win since no government agency obstructed them during the reconstruction process.The passive role of the government during the reconstruction, however, suggests that the state has now opted to go slow on the Nonadanga eviction issue after the matter turned into a major controversy in the state politics over the last few weeks.The activists believe that increasing pressure from different quarters of the society forced the government to blink. \"The chief minister even announced in a mass rally at Basirhat that no slum will be evicted in Bengal without proper rehabilitation,\" said Amitava Bhattacharya, one of the main leaders of the Nonadanga resistance.On March 30, KMDA demolished the slum but 130 evicted families refused to give up. They stayed back and started living under the open sky, giving the anti-eviction movement a new twist. In connection with the movement, seven activists were booked under stringent law and the state even claimed that the Maoists were behind the movement. The arrest of a scientist and members of different mass organization turned into a nation-wide controversy. Intellectuals across the globe condemned the move , pushing the government to the backfoot. The scientist was finally released on bail.The activists claimed shanties of 130 families were reconstructed in front of KMDA officials and police but none put up any resistance. \"We have planned some more developmental projects for the resettled slumdwellers. We have plans to set up a primary health center and a school for the residents,\" said Bhattacharya.The activists demanded proper rehabilitation for those displaced like the ones who were provided flats in the same area. If that does not happen, the evictees will go for an intense resistance, said one of the leaders of the committee. KMDA officials said that they are aware of the development but they would not proceed until they get fresh order of eviction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12830984", "title": "'Let diabetic kids lead normal life'", "text": "NAGPUR: India has already been designated as the diabetes capital of the world. Children as young as a few months old are being diagnosed with the disease. In this scenario, it becomes important for parents of such children to understand how to manage lifestyle of a child dependent on insulin.The paediatricians and diabetologists of the city recently came together to discuss the diet and activity that need to be followed by these children and the special efforts that parents should put in keeping aside their own fears. \"Type I diabetes in kids has become a troubling issue in terms of diagnosis and management. The problems faced by these kids are very different from the ones seen in adults,\" said Dr Jayant Upadhye, president of the city chapter of Academy of Paediatricians. Though the number of children suffering from the disease was not very high, their problems definitely needed more attention as improper treatment could result in high mortality, he said stressing on the need to train paeditricians in handling such cases.\"Several kids are known to have the disease at birth, called neonatal diabetics. This can be due to genetic reasons or some viral infections. They have no option but to depend on insulin therapy all their lives,\" said Mumbai-based endocrinologist Dr Prema Varthakavi, head of the endocrinology department of TN Medical College. However, this did not mean that the children needed to be deprived of a little pleasure of taste, she said. \"Even the American Diabetics Association prescribes equivalence. If one takes the regular prescribed diet, a small treat once in a while does not do any harm,\" she said.Dr Varthakavi believed that several devices like pumps have made the lives of diabetics much easier, allowing them flexibility with regards to meal and drug timings. \"When these devices are not accessible or affordable, the peer group makes a big difference. It also helps if packaged food comes with labels explaining their composition so the diabetics know exactly what and how much they can have,\" she said.President of city branch of Diabetic Association of India Dr Shailesh Pitale said, \"several times these children give in to temptations when going out with friends and balance it out by taking extra doses of insulin. This results in high fluctuations of blood sugar level, which is dangerous.\" He came down heavily on products advertised as sugar-free desserts, calling them only marketing gimmicks.Another Mumbai endocrinologist Dr Nikhil Bhagwat spoke about the other health problems that a child with diabetes could fall prey to. \"In the long term, the height of diabetic children is always compromised. They hit puberty late, have lower bone density and are prone to fall prey to thyroid problems like celiac disease that reduces the capacity to absorb food, hyperglycemia,\" he said. He believed that the children were mostly flexible but it was the parents whose attitudes needed changing. \"Instead of being afraid of letting their child carry out certain activities, they should try to help her live a near-normal life,\" said Dr Bhagwat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12829582", "title": "Man held for kidnap, murder in Neemuch", "text": "INDORE: In a suspected case of child trafficking, a person allegedly kidnapped two siblings and killed the four-year-old boy in Neemuch district by submerging him in a pond. The police arrested the accused later with the help of the villagers before he could take the girl outside Neemuch district.Neemuch town inspector SS Udawat said that the accused, Vijay Banjara alias Bablu, allegedly kidnapped eight-year-old Sita and her brother Suraj from their home in Purani Nagar in Neemuch town. He reportedly lured them to a nearby temple offering kheer on April 17. He then carried them away from the city in different vehicles, said Udawat.Parents of the children approached police only on April 19 to lodge a complaint about the missing children. Earlier, they were of the view that the children might have gone to the house of relatives and expected to return home soon. When they did not return home even after two days, their parents lodged the complaint.During the investigation, the Neemuch police came across a local resident, who informed the cops that a stranger wearing black shirt came and took away the children.The accused took the children to Rathajana village and allegedly killed the boy by submerging him in a pond said the police. Vijay reportedly left the girl in a field and killed the boy.Later, he reached Rathajama village, which falls under the jurisdiction of Nimbad police station, and rested under a tree. He was planning to wait there for two days. After that he was supposed to hand over the girl to somebody.Udawat said that the villagers found Vijay moving in the village in a suspicious manner as he was not from Rathajana. When they enquired about him, the tried to escape, but villagers caught him and handed him over to the local police.The Neemuch police got the information that a man clad in black shirt has been arrested with a girl by the Nimbad police. They reached there and found the girl. It was then only that the entire story was revealed.The accused had reportedly confessed to the crime of killing the boy and also kidnapping the girl with a motive to sell her off. Police have registered an offence against the accused under Sections 363, 302, 364, 367 of IPC and have taken him in remand till April 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12829048", "title": "Man kills wife belonging to backward class", "text": "KANPUR: In a shocking incident, a backward class woman was murdered allegedly for hiding her caste and marrying an upper caste man in Chitrakoot district. The man and his father have been arrested.The man confessed that he had killed his wife. He told the police that he was in love with his wife, who introduced herself as Puja Mishra when they first met. The two got married. When he came to know that she belonged to a backward caste, the man got furious and murdered Puja.The incident came to light when Guddi alias Puja's parents reached Derapur police station in Ramabai Nagar on Saturday and identified the photographs taken by the cops of the body of a woman recovered from Bihari village as that of their daughter.The woman's father Asharam Lodhi, a native of Panwari village in Mahoba district, said that his daughter Guddi had married an upper caste man Vivek Tewari of Rajpur village in Chtrakoot district about three years ago.\"The man could not bear the truth that the girl with whom he got married was a 'backward'. He 'loved' my daughter and married her. Recently, she gave birth to a child but he and his family members mercilessly killed her after coming to know about her caste,\" Asharam said while talking to TOI over telephone from his native place.\"Will any man kill his beloved and that too, when she gave birth to a child?\" he asked.Guddi's family members grew suspicious when she did not visited her parents for a long time and they suspected foul play and informed the police. \"Last time they had a chat with Guddi on her mobile phone about a couple of years back and since then she remained untraceable. However, she had then informed about her marriage with Vivek Tewari and a newly born baby,\" said a police official.The SHO, Derapur, VP Singh, acting on the FIR lodged by the woman's kin, accused Vivek Tewari and his father Santosh Tewari were arrested on Saturday.\"Four persons including her husband Vivek, father-in-law Santosh Tewari, mother-in-law Mamta and brother-in-law Ankit have been named in the FIR. The husband and father-in-law have been arrested and hunt is on to nab the other accused,\" the SHO added.Vivek had confessed to his crime and said that he killed Guddi as she had cheated him by faking her caste. \"Prior to marriage, she had introduced herself to him as Puja Mishra,\" he added.About seven years ago, Guddi had left her parents house and went to Chitrakoot to adopt spiritualism and there she came in contact with a local youth Vivek Tewari. After a courtship of 2-3 years, they had tied the knot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12830272", "title": "Woman hangs self, dowry case lodged", "text": "GURGAON: A woman, married to an Army jawan, allegedly committed suicide in Mokalwas village of the district late on Saturday. The parents of the woman, however, alleged that their daughter took the extreme step because her in-laws had been demanding dowry, and that it was a case of murder and not suicide. Police have registered a dowry death case against the jawan and his family members.According to the police, Sarla, a resident of Pithanwas village of Rewari district, and jawan Satyadev, a resident of Mokalwas village of Gurgaon, got married on May 7 last year.Satyadev was on leave for the past 20 days. Sarla allegedly hanged herself from her room's ceiling fan. The police reached the spot early on Sunday and found the woman's body. No family members were present in the house. The police informed Sarla's father, Rajkumar who soonreached the Bilaspur police station. Rajkumar alleged that his daughter took the extreme step because her in-laws were demanding car as dowry. He had already given Rs 1 lakh cash and a bike to the groom and also assured him that he would try to give a car, too. \"We are waiting for the postmortem report and will arrest the accused soon,\" said Babulal, SHO, Bilaspur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12829706", "title": "Share autos to run on 27 routes in city", "text": "NASHIK: The regional transport authority on Saturday finalized new tariff for autorickshaws plying in the city and also decided that all three-wheelers will charge by meter. This puts an end to a vexatious issue where drivers were charging as per their will and commuters had a harrowing time travelling in these autorickshaws.Though the rule had been in place, both drivers and commuters preferred to bargain and fix the rates rather than pay by meter. Saturday's meeting, which was chaired by district collector P Velrasu and attended by regional transport officer Chandrakant Kharatmal, deputy commissioner of police Sunil Phulari, deputy RTO of Malegaon Amar Patil, other regional transport officials and Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) officials, also decided to run share autorickshaws on 27 routes.While the minimum fare has been hiked by Rs 2 to Rs 15 from Rs 13 for regular autos, with each additional km seeing a Rs 2.50 increase, share rickshaws fares would be the meter reading x Rs 9.50 minus Rs 4 plus 25%, which will be divided between three passengers.The regional transport authority will be issuing the new tariff cards on Monday and will also be writing on the hood of the rickshaws that they ply by meter. It would also put up a helpline number for commuters to lodge complaints.The Routes1) Jain Mandir to Anandwalli (RK)2) Jain Mandir to Someshwar (RK)3) Jain Mandir to Gangapur Village (RK)4) Gangapur Village to Satpur5) Satpur to Ambad6) Satpur to Garware7) CBS to Pandavleni8) Shalimar to Satpur9) Peth Phata to RTO10) Malegaon to RTO11) CBS to RTO12) Nashik Road to Devlali Camp13) Nashik Road to Bhagur14) Nashik Road to Eklahara15) Bytco Stand to Dasak16) Bytco Stand to Shalimar17) CBS to HPT College18) CBS to Model Colony19) CBS to Mahatmanagar20) CBS to Parijat Nagar21) RK to Anandwali22) Ashok Stambh to Gangapur23) CBS to Old Cidco24) CBS to Rana Pratap Chowk25) RK to Indiranagar26) CBS to Indiranagar27) Red Cross to Old Cidco", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "madurantakam", "code": "12830920", "title": "Chola-era Shiva lingam found in Madurantakam", "text": "MADURANTAKAM: Villagers digging a trench for a local landlord on Sunday discovered a 600-year-old granite Shiva lingam in Madurantakam, 77km southwest of Chennai. Archaeologists confirmed the historicity of the find, linking the lingam to the Later Chola period.This is the second time in a decade that an ancient relic has been found in the area. The villagers, hired to dig a trench for the foundation of a Shiva temple on Surrakuttai Substation Main Road, struck something hard at a depth of 7 feet. \"I found it difficult to remove sand at the spot and even the excavator could not move the granite object,\" said S Kandan, one of the villagers recruited by the landlord to dig the trench. The workers informed the landlord, A Udayakumar, who makes stone sculptures for temples. He advised them to remove the object with caution so as not to cause it any damage. After painstakingly removing earth from the sides of the green granite monolith, workers lifted out it out with a crane.The Shiva lingam was recovered complete and without damage to the icon. \"We will take steps to preserve the idol and request archaeologists to study the lingam,\" said Madurantakam municipality chairman K Malarvizhi.The Shiva lingam, archaeologists said, appeared to belong to the Later Chola period. \"Based on its characteristics, the icon appears to have been made during the Later Chola period because that era produced lingams made from a single stone,\" said former deputy superintending archaeologist, state archaeological department, K Sridharan.\"The name of the place, Surrakuttai, where the lingam was discovered also indicates that a pond may have existed there, a spot where villagers probably worshipped the lingam. Excavation of entire area could yield more rare objects.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830744", "title": "Other income drives India Inc profit", "text": "MUMBAI: It's the other income, not the core business income, which is driving the quarterly profit growth of India Inc.An analysis of January-March results of BSE 200 companies by retail broking firm Sharekhan shows that during the quarter, other income grew by about 77%, compared to the corresponding period in January-March 2011. And when one considers NSE's nifty 50 companies, the year-on-year rise in other income was 88%, indicating that at a time when core businesses are showing slower growth, it's the larger companies which are showing a greater dependence on other income to boost their bottom line.\"For the January-March quarter, other income has gone up substantially on a year-on-year (y-o-y) basis. For the BSE 200 companies, other income as a percentage of net income stood at 50.7%, compared to 28.1% during the quarter ended March 2011,\" the Sharekhan analysis showed. And if we remove RIL, for BSE 200 companies, other income as a percentage of net income would be 48.7%, compared to 37.4% a year earlier. Again, for the nifty constituents, other income as a percentage of net income stood at 54.2%, up from 29.3% a year earlier, the Sharekhan analysis showed. This also shows that although the results by country's leading corporate RIL last week-that showed a 150% spurt in other income contributing to over 50% of its Q4 net profit-brought other income into focus, of late this component has been having a significant impact on India Inc's bottom line.At the aggregate level, for the BSE-200 companies net profit has contracted 4.3% on a Y-o-Y basis, while revenue has expanded by 16.9%, an analysis by Edelweiss Financial Services showed. Although early days, there are some broad trends which is emerging. Within the IT sector, two big names-Infosys and HCL Technologies-have announced their results. \"While the top line growth was broadly in line, HCL Tech surprised on margin front as well as on order bookings. TCS and Wipro are set to announce their results during the coming week wherein we expect margins to decline sequentially by 50-100 basis points,\" Edelweiss analysis noted. And within the IT space, the banking, financial services and insurance segment could show continuing witness, analysts said. In the cement sector, with the increase in operating costs and expected pressure on cement prices, the gross profit per tonne that was realized during the last quarter is unlikely to be sustained during the coming quarters, analysts said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12831488", "title": "Passengers force railways to change locomotive", "text": "PATNA: An irate mob of passengers forcibly stopped the Delhi-Bhagalpur Garib Rath train at Danapur station from 7 am to 7.30 am on Sunday.The passengers were demanding that the railways should change the locomotive of the Ahmedabad-Patna special train first as it had developed some snags at Danapur station.Since most of the passengers travelling by the special train were examinees who had to reach Patna soon, they put pressure on the railways to allow the special train reach Patna on priority basis, sources said, adding the train carried its onward journey after replacement of the locomotive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12830144", "title": "3 chain snatchers nabbed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three city youths had teamed up to make quick buck by snatching expensive gold necklaces. The trio who used to ride together on one bike for every assignment used the city as their safe haven and targeted lone pedestrians, especially women, in various parts of the state.A team of city crime branch officials arrested the trio from Amraiwadi for its involvement in 41 chain snatching cases reported from Nadiad, Anand, Vadodara and Rajkot over past six months. Police have recovered a gold chain worth Rs 33,000 from the group and have also got names of the city-based jewelers where they used to sell the chains.Police have also found the trio to be involved in vehicle thefts which it used in chain snatching operations. However, none of their victims could provide number of the vehicles used in chain snatching. \"The person riding pillion on the bike would cross his legs over the number plate to avoid identification,\" said a crime branch official.The arrests were effected after Sanjay Koshti, 28, was nabbed from Hatkeshwar circle on Sunday afternoon, following a tip-off about his chain snatching activity. During his interrogation Sanjay revealed the names of his accomplices as Shyam Jadav and Ramesh Marathi, both residents of Bhaipura.\"The trio said that first it had stolen two bikes - both high-powered Bajaj Pulsar - from Hatkeshwar and Maninagar and then started snatching chains using the bikes. Interestingly, the group has not confessed to any chain snatching crime in the city. Interestingly, they avoided Ahmedabad instead and focused on Nadiad, Anand, Rajkot and Vadodara for their operations,\" said crime branch inspector K K Patel.The trio had snatched 13 chains from Anand, 12 from Vadodara, 11 from Nadiad and five from Rajkot. \"They would travel as a group and identify the routes more frequented by women and strike in mornings or evenings. While Koshti used to drive the bike, Jadav would keep a knife ready to meet any resistance and Marathi used to hide the rear number plate with his legs,\" said the official.The trio used the money generated through chain snatching to live lavishly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12833980", "title": "'Shooting of Indian student in Boston not hate crime'", "text": "NEW YORK: A 24-year-old Indian student, who was found dead near the Boston University campus, was not a victim of hate crime and his killing appears to be an isolated incident, a prominent Indian-American organisation has said.Odisha native K Seshadri Rao, a student at Boston University's Graduate School of Management, was shot in the head and leg in the early hours of April 19.He was pronounced dead on the scene by Boston police.Telugu Association of North America executive vice- president Mohan Nannapaneni said Rao's killing was not a hate crime, as is being speculated in some sections of the media.\"It is absolutely not a hate crime. It is an isolated incident. We do not yet know who did it and why but it is definitely not a hate or targetted crime,\" Nannapaneni told PTI over phone from Boston.The police has some good leads in the case and any speculation about the cause of the shooting could jeopardise the investigation, he said.No arrests have yet been made in the case.Nannapaneni said students from across the world come to study at Boston University and he has not heard of any incident where a student has been targetted because of his race.He termed as false and incorrect some reports that said Rao was \"dragged\" from his apartment and shot because of his race.Nannapaneni said he had spoken to Rao's roommates who denied that the young student was dragged from his rented house or that they were under attack because of their Indian background.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12830890", "title": "'State should have separate budget for agriculture'", "text": "AMRAVATI: Agriculture ministry is in favour of a separate budget for agriculture as around 70% of the rural economy depends on it. The ministry has sent a proposal in this regard to chief minister and cabinet for approval, said agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil on Saturday.Inaugurating food and grain festival, Vikhe-Patil said, \"Besides other things, the budget will aim to upgrade the financial status of the farmers.\"He said, \"For the benefit of the farmers, state government has implemented various schemes. They should take advantage of those schemes and try to adopt advanced farming technology and marketing skills to better their standard of living.\"He also said that government has decided to provide fertilizers to the farmers straight at their farms, which will save their time and money. \"Last year, this project was successfully implemented in Aurangabad. From this year, government will implement it across the state. Farmers can sell their farm yield in any part of state and can fetch good prices from this year,\" Patil.Farmers from five districts of Amravati division viz. Chandrapur, Akola, Bhandara, Gadchiroli and Amravati participated in the festival wherein 121 stalls were on display.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "udupi", "code": "12830297", "title": "It's case of severe food poisoning, say scientists", "text": "UDUPI: Scientists have identified the cause of cattle deaths at Paduveri in Byndoor in the district as clostrdril intoxication or severe case of food poisoning.Byndoor veterinary officer Dr Nagaraj Marvanthe told TOI that tests conducted by the Institute of Animal Health and Veterinary Biologicals (IAHVB), Bangalore had confirmed the cause. \"The intoxication has so far claimed 83 cattle heads in the village. Four more cattle heads are still ailing and two among are in serious condition,\" he added.According to scientists this type of food poisoning is rare and more studies have to be done on it. Scientists from Southern Regional Disease Diagnostic laboratory, Sripada, Jayakumar and Sudharshan along with Udupi animal husbandry deputy director Dr Manjunath visited the village to review the situation.Sources say that food-borne botulism is not an infection but an intoxication since it results from the ingestion of food containing pre-formed clostridial toxin. The toxin is released from the body only after the death of cells.It resists digestion and is absorbed by the upper part of the gastro intestinal tract and then by blood, where it affects neurotransmitters resulting in paralysis. The incubation period of is 12-36 hours.Dr Nagaraj said vaccines for the intoxication were not available in India. \"Hence, preventive measures become important. The preventive measures include: avoiding cattle's access to animal waste, fencing the grazing area to avoid dumping, avoiding stall feeding and checking the feed for contamination,\" he added. He said that the government or milk unions should provide fodder to avoid such cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12829917", "title": "Mudra Institute of Communication Ahmedabad graduate wins awards for Kolaveri's viral outbreak", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Did you know the video of the song 'Kolaveri Di', which became a rage in the internet, was urgently shot in the midnight as part of a marketing plan by a young graduate of Mudra Institute of Communication Ahmedabad (MICA)?It was not just the peppy video and the catchy song that made 'Kolaveri Di' a huge hit among YouTube viewers. Each step towards its success was carefully plotted by Sreekanth Sankar Dass, 24, who graduated from MICA's six-month-long programme 'Crafting Creative Communication (CCC)' in May 2011.As a creative strategist and writer at a company 'Jack in the Box Worldwide', Dass was handling the project for marketing and promotion of the song 'Kolavedi Di'. \"When we got the project, we came to know that the song has got leaked and someone has uploaded it in the YouTube, receiving eleven views. We got alarmed and decided to immediately make a video of the song with the actors and the artist to upload it in the YouTube,\" said Dass. \"We didn't want our audience to see the duplicate version of the song. In an effort to complete the video as quickly as possible, the shoot was organized at midnight.\"Dass said that the campaign was a big success with an estimated profit of more than Rs 6.7crore with zero investment. Explaining the strategy that was adopted for marketing the song, Dass said, \"After shooting the video of the making of the song, we added subtitles for all the non-Tamilians. Then we added the 'caller ring back tone code' for mobile phones to generate some revenue. After that we uploaded the video in the YouTube Channel as well as seeded it in social media platforms including Facebook and Twitter to get the audience watching and talking about our song.\"The process created a hook of 'Why This Kolaveri Di' which is a commonly used phrase in Tamil Nadu when people get irritated. \"There was full on tweeting in the next three days where people used 'Why this Kolaveri Di' to express their irritating over various types of situations. Basically, people love venting their frustration on social media and we used this insight to get Kolaveri trending on twitter over three full days,\" said Dass.The links of the YouTube and the twitter were provided on each other's page and people kept watching and tweeting alternately. This multiplied the views tremendously.\"The total number of downloads of the caller ring back tones has crossed two million and is still counting, generating a large amount of revenue. The enormous online buzz pushed even TV and print media to talk about the song and every radio station in the country played 'Kolaveri',\" said Dass.Duplicate 'Kolaveri Di' a marketing gimmickThe duplicate versions of 'Kolaveri Di', which later mushroomed in the YouTube, was also intentionally triggered by the strategist as part of the marketing plan for the song. \"We understand that people love to ape a trend. Thus, we decided to use this insight as well in boosting the popularity of the song. So we put up a candid video of our own people singing the song in chorus. Following this, hundreds of other people also started uploading their own versions of 'Why this Kolaveri Di',\" said Dass. Apart from flash mobs in India, flash mobs in countries like Netherlands and New Zealand were also organized to promote the song.Showering of awards for DassDass' successful marketing strategies have earned attention of some of the most prominent awards. On Saturday, he received a gold and silver award at the Goafest2012, the annual mega event of the advertising, media and marketing fraternity held in Goa. The gold was in the category of direct response from consumers and the silver was in the category of 'Best Use of Social Media. \"The category of Best Use of Social Media has only silver award and has no gold or bronze awards,\" said Dass. Earlier on April 16, Dass had also received three golden awards under different categories at the Indian Digital Media Awards 2012 in Mumbai.Even Bachchan went gaga over itEven people like Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachhan and Anand Mahindra , the vice-chairman and managing director of Mahindra Mahindra, tweeted over 'Kolaveri Di'. While Bachhan posted in tweeter, \"Just heard #Kolaveri after much Talk on it.. its so original and catchy. Congrats Dhanush and Aishwarya (Rajni's daughter)..love\", Mahindra posted, \"And going viral in India is now #KolaViral\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12829485", "title": "Thengumarahada: Now captured between the covers", "text": "COIMBATORE: People seldom look beyond CR Elangovan, author of the critically-acclaimed \"Coimbatore,\" with regard to the history of this textile city. Elangovan has now come up with another book, reportedly with the same elan and flourish.\"Thengumarahada\" may be fewer in pages, but it is the product of an expansive project, minutely detailing the village of the same name on the Mudumalai foothills in the Nilgiris.So what attracted the historian to the project? \"One gets a good response from writing non-fiction. I am interested in history, and therefore I took the plunge. The book has just been released but initial interest is strong,\" he told TOI.Civilization in Thengumarahada is at least 2,000 years old, going by archaeological remains such as burial urns dug up from the site. \"People often think the settlement in Thengumarahada began only 50 years ago when farming projects began after Independence. But it is fascinating to learn that humans lived there 2,000 years ago. We can call this the Moyar Valley Civilization,\" said Elangovan.There is also a cave painting at Vannakkal Parai near Thengumarahada, another indication that civilization here dated to the pre-historic era.Apart from the 2,000-year-old remnants, the author was attracted by the rich biodiversity of Thengumarahada, one of the few places in South India where elephants and tigers co-exist along with hyenas and vultures.\"The village is also a junction in the elephant corridor. Elephants from Bandipur in Karnataka, the Silent Valley in Kerala and Mudumalai come here in search of food and water. Elephants also choose the area for reproduction, because of the rich flora and fauna. The number of elephants in Thengumarahada is also high. Besides, the village is the only place where you can find the blackbuck in Tamil Nadu ,\" the historian said.While doing research, Elangovan was able to access some of the required information from the Bhavanisagar centre of the World Wildlife Fund .The border of Thengumarahada was an entry for rulers from Mysore to invade the Kongu region. The Danayakara Fort, now submerged by the Bhavanisagar reservoir, was captured thus, says Elangovan. Hoysala kings, Mysore rulers such as Hyder Ali and Tipu Sultan entered Kongu Nadu through Thengumarahada. The Gajjalatti Pass also served as an entry point.These days, Thengumarahada is home to only 300 families. Most of them are descended from the labourers who moved in after the Bhavanisagar dam came up in the 1950s. \"The strange contradictions of Thengumarahada are many and varied. This is what attracted me,\" said Elangovan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12828853", "title": "Army vows to bring peace to Nagaland", "text": "KOHIMA: The Assam Rifles has assured the people of Nagaland that despite the provocations and false allegations against them, peace shall prevail in Nagaland. \"Assam Rifles is committed to preserve the peace and harmony in the state and the people of Nagaland must realize that the hard-earned gains made in the ongoing peace process cannot be lost at any cost. We have come too far to retrace our footsteps,\" a statement issued by IGAR (N) PRO stated.The statement added: \"Though the current impasse has been enforced upon us, we shall continue to conduct our operations in a rightful manner so as to live up to our motto of being 'friends of the hill people'. As in the past, our current and future actions shall cause no hindrances or disrupt the lives of the common law-abiding citizens of the state. Life in Nagaland shall and must continue as normal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12830146", "title": "Headless body found on railway tracks", "text": "GURGAON: The headless body of a 21-year-old student was found on the railway tracks near Garhi Harsaru on Sunday morning. The youth, identified as Sandip Lohia, a resident of Nathupur village, was studying at Cambridge Institute of Education in Sector 10. Police have found a suicide note in which he has blamed the institute head for insulting him.However, his family members have alleged foul play and claimed that the suicide note is a fake since the handwriting on the note doesn't match his. Relatives also complained that his love affair with a college girl may be the reason behind his death.According to the police, Sandip's body was found near the railway tracks around 7 am. Some railway workers had spotted the body. He was identified by his father Sheshraj. Government railway police (GRP) officials have recovered the suicide note and are investigating the case.GRP officers said that the victim's mobile phone and wallet were missing and though they had brought sniffer dogs to trace these items and his head, they found nothing.Police are investing the incident as a suicide case and are likely to ascertain the handwriting before they start quizzing the institute principal. Despite efforts, the principal did not respond to repeated calls by the TOI.\"The examination of the deceased's body confirms that he committed suicide. But we will engage experts to examine his handwriting on suicide note. We are investigating the case and would question the deceased's girlfriend and her family members,\" said Jaiveer Singh, SHO of Gurgaon GRP.But those who are close to Sandip demanded police to investigate the case from \"honour killing\" angle. \"His behaviour had changed in the recent few weeks. We noticed it recently, though he had been dating with his girlfriend for the past six months. He was very emotional about her. We suspect the girl's family member did not like their relationship,\" said Gaurav, a close friend of the deceased.He claimed that Sandip had talked to the girl three times on Saturday and had even called his mother around 8 pm. \"Soon after this call, his phone became unreachable,\" said Gaurav. He said that if Sandip threw himself before a moving train, his head would have been with the body. \"If the head got cut by the train, we would have got it lying close to the railway tracks,\" Gaurav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12829695", "title": "Earth Day celebrated", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Regional Science City celebrated Earth Day on Sunday by organising several programmes to highlight the importance of the Day.Earth Day is celebrated every year on April 22 to create awareness about the environment and encourage people to conserve the same. The first Earth Day was celebrated on April 22, 1970. The Regional Science City organised a science film show and a quiz contest for visitors. A demonstrative lecture on science titled, 'Science behind the miracles' was also organised.More than 100 people participated in the programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12835346", "title": "I had only spoken about 'agreed candidate' as President: Pawar", "text": "NEW DELHI: NCP chief Sharad Pawar , who had caused a flutter by pitching for a \"non-political\" person as the candidate for the presidential polls, on Monday said he had only talked about an \"agreed\" candidate.\"I have not said this. I have spoken about agreed candidate,\" Pawar told reporters when asked to comment on his remark of a \"non-political\" candidate for the post of the President of India.Pawar, who is also the Union agriculture minister, insisted that neither the UPA nor the NDA have the numbers and, therefore, a process of consultation was necessary.\"I have said this much that during this time looking at the UPA and the NDA strength we need to have a high-level dialogue and take a decision. I am sure concerned leadership will start the process. We need to think about agreed candidature at this moment,\" he said.Reports from Mumbai had it that Pawar spoke of a \"non-political\" person as an \"ideal\" choice as the country's next President.The names of vice president Hamid Ansari and finance minister Pranab Mukherjee are doing the rounds as nominees for the top post which falls vacant on July 24 when Pratibha Patil's term ends.A new vice-president has to be elected by August and a section of the opposition is favouring a 'give and take' approach between the UPA and the NDA.The Congress has 31 per cent of the total votes against 24 per cent of the BJP in an electoral college that is expected to be of the size of 10,98,882. The UPA has a little over 40 per cent of the total votes as against 57 per cent it had in the last elections. The NDA has less than 30 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12835335", "title": "Sherin\u2019s next film a bi-lingual", "text": "This actress sure seems confident of carving a place for herself in the industry. Making her film debut at the tender age of 14 in the Kannada film Dhruva, Sherin says she has grown as an actress over the last decade.\"I have definitely grown as an actress over the last decade, and acting has become more subtle, which was what my role in Thulluvatho Ilamai required, while the Telugu remake was loud and colourful,\" Sherin says.In the city as the chief guest for the Style Queen conducted by the Lifestyle store at Brookefileds Mall in RS Puram on Friday, Sherin lists out her most memorable performance to date.\"It was my role in the Malayalam film \" Hareendran Oru Nishkalangan\" which was the most challenging, as I made the transition from a shy girl to a bold woman who takes revenge on her lovers by killing them towards the end. This marked the transition to serious roles apart from the glamarous roles. Fortunately, all my lovers have been kind to me,\" she says, laughing.Fresh from the success of her latest Kannada film AK-56, Sherin is busy with her next film, a bilingual.\"My next film will be released in both Tamil and Telugu,\" she says, without revealing any further details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12829969", "title": "Mysore erupts in protest as sugarcane farmer ends life", "text": "MYSORE: Shekar, 27, a sugarcane farmer from Sagare in HD Kote taluk, was a dejected man when he returned home on Saturday. His crop, harvested two weeks ago and to be shipped to a sugar factory in Nanjangud, was withering in the summer heat. Upset, he went to the field where the crop was dumped and hanged himself, unfolding a Sunday of protests and drama.Angry farmers wanted to take his body in a procession to the deputy commissioner's office in Mysore, but police stopped them. The farmers hoodwinked the cops and smuggled Shekar's body out of the village on a two-wheeler, but were later stopped. It was only after officials of the Bannari Amman Sugar Factory agreed to pay Rs 4 lakh as compensation that they relented and allowed the body to be shifted for postmortem.At Surgur, they attacked a sub-office attached to the factory, and manhandled a senior police official. Sugarcane Growers' Association president Kurbur Shantakumar, who led the protests, said the factory gave Shekar permission to harvest the crop he had grown on four acres, but did not bother to ship it to its unit at Alaganchi in Nanjangud. Generally, harvested crop is taken in within two days. Shekar had approached the factory officials but there was no response, and the crop was almost destroyed.Factory general manager V Krishnan said: \"It is wrong to say the crop was harvested 15 days ago. Three days ago, he approached us. We inspected the crop and found it to be substandard.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12830645", "title": "BJP aiming for a broad Hindu alliance in Neyyattinkara", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The BJP is looking at a broader Hindu alliance by fielding veteran leader O Rajagopal in Neyyattinkara. Top BJP leaders are discussing this approach with Nair Service Society, Sree Narayana Dharma Paripalana Yogam (SNDP) and Vaikundaswami Dharma Pracharana Sabha (VSDP).\"By fielding Rajagopal, the party will put up a tough fight in Neyyattinkara. We are not taking this byelection lightly and we are trying to mobilize support from many community organizations. We are talking to the leaders of these organizations now,\" said state general secretary of the party J R Padmakumar.VSDP has already made it clear that it would extend support to ensure the defeat of UDF candidate R Selvaraj. VSDP chairman Vishnupuram Chandrasekharan had met SNDP general Velappally Natesan had stressed that a united stand was required to defeat the UDF candidate. VSDP is actively seeking support to upset Selvaraj in Neyyattinkara. \"We want to defeat the UDF candidate but we are yet to decide on whom to support,'' said Chandrasekharan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12830295", "title": "FCI warns govt of foodgrain rotting", "text": "NEW DELHI: India could see unprecedented levels of foodgrain rotting this year in government godowns unless the central government increases the amount of grains it distributes to the poor through PDS across the country, the Food Corporation of India (FCI) has warned in an internal note, which was accessed by TOI.The total stocks across the country in the central pool are expected to be an all-time record of 750.17 lakh tonnes in June 2012 - almost one lakh tonne more than last year.\"FCI and state agencies will neither have the storage capacity nor the manpower to manage such a substantial increase in stock in central pool,\" the FCI warned. It said that by the beginning of June, 472.9 lakh tonnes of grain would be in granaries of FCI and state governments in Punjab, Madhya Pradesh and Haryana alone - this is 69 lakh tonnes more than what was kept in these states at the same time last year.\"It is clear that FCI and the state agencies will be faced with unprecedented problems of shortage of storage capacity resulting in large stock of wheat in CAP (kept in open plinths covered with tarpaulin) in Punjab, Haryana and Madhya Pradesh. It is also possible that substantial quantity may have to be stored in unscientific plinths,\" the FCI has warned.CAP refers to grain kept in the open on plinths and covered with tarpaulin and by government standards, no grain should be left out in the open for more than a year.By June, when monsoon begins to lash across the country, 231.82 lakh tonnes of wheat will be lying under the sun on the plinths in the three states.\"In order to prevent damage to stocks (especially stock in CAP stored for more than one year), it is necessary that allocation of foodgrain to state governments is suitably enhanced,\" the FCI has written to the government.The GoM on food and agriculture headed by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee has already rejected the food ministry's proposal to distribute more grains to states citing fiscal constraints but the FCI has warned that the grains could literally rot in the open godowns of the state government and the Centre in the three states when monsoon hits the country.The government has permitted up to 4 million tonnes of export of non-basmati rice this year.The FCI has recommended that overall allocation of grains to the state for distribution to the poor be increased to at least 750 lakh tonnes so that the states take the amount of grain that was procured last year from farmers. Last year, state governments took and distributed 560.45 lakh tonnes from the granaries when 648.56 lakh tonnes was procured. This year, the government is expecting to procure 325.91 tonnes of grains in April and May alone.With the state government announcing an extra bonus of Rs 100 per tonne on procurement of wheat in Madhya Pradesh, the procurement is expected to see a massive jump, requiring 31 lakh tonnes of surplus wheat to be stored elsewhere. This means the growing stocks lying in the grain-bowls of Punjab and Haryana face a storage crisis.\"The only way high level of stocks can be managed is by substantially increasing the off-take and expeditiously completing the storage capacity sanctioned in various states,\" the FCI said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kitchlu nagar", "code": "12829809", "title": "Garg's name their 'shining' little angel Kashavi", "text": "KITCHLU NAGAR: Nothing in this world can beat the joy of parenthood and elated to welcome their bundle of joy, the entire Garg family is in celebration mode.Says 28-year-old eye specialist Dr Richa Singla Garg, mother of the baby girl who was born on March 31, \"After my daughter was born we sought help from a priest so that we could give her the best possible name. After consulting religious books, the priest suggested the alphabets \"K'' and \"G'' for her name.''And the process for selecting a name for the little princess began for the Garg family. \"My husband Dr Sanchit Garg, who is a plastic surgeon in Mumbai, and mother-in-law Sunita Gupta started looking for suitable name for my daughter in Bhagwad Geeta also. We prepared a list of names starting with these words. Everyday in the evening all of us would sit together and suggest names.''The excited mother adds, \"We finally short listed four names for my daughter, Kaheesha, Kashvi, Gargi and Gunika. Kaheesha was suggested by me, Kashvi was suggested by her father and grandmother, Gargi and Gunika were suggested by others. After lot of discussions and deliberations, we finally decided to name our angel, Kashvi - meaning \"shinning''. On the eighth day we formally gave our angel her new name, but we didn't hold a ceremony.''29-year-old Dr Sanchit Garg, father of the baby, said, \"I hope Kashvi lives up to her name by doing good for humanity. I also hope she shines like a star in the world and makes us proud.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12829896", "title": "Diesel vehicles to be phased out", "text": "NOIDA: In a bid to curb air pollution, Noida Authority and regional transport authorities have decided to phase out all old diesel vehicles whose permits have not been renewed within the next two months. Other diesel buses and autorickshaws will soon be soon converted into CNG vehicles.According to the district magistrate M K S Sundaram, the administration, along with the RTO authorities and the regional pollution board, is compiling an action plan to phase out all such vehicles. A total of 7,394 diesel vehicles such as tempos, private buses, heavy vehicles and mini buses that have permits operate in the district at present.Noida officials, however, claim that only 1,000 diesel vehicles ply in the city, most of which operate without a valid permit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12829319", "title": "Metro services disrupted", "text": "KOLKATA: Train services between Esplanade and Dum Dum Metro stations were suspended at 9pm on Sunday after parts of the wooden guard on the third rail at the Esplanade Metro station broke. Services resumed at 10.20pm.Rumours of a blast, however, did the rounds, creating panic among commuters. RPF and police team rushed to the spot for inspection and found there was a technical fault. TNNMetro train services from Esplanade towards Dum Dum were disrupted on Sunday night as parts of wooden guard on the third rail at the Esplanade broke. The damage occurred 9 pm. Train services between Esplanade and Dum Dum were suspended from 9.16 onwards.As parts of the wooden guard got broke, rumours did the rounds that a blast had caused the damaged. RPF and police team rushed to the spot. There was panic at the station for sometime till commuters got the correct information.\"There was a rumour that a blast had blown off the wooden guard. This created a little bit of confusion and panic. Commuters were relieved after they were assured that nothing such had happened,\" said a police officer.A team of engineers rushed to the station. They were pressed into repairing work. Till reports came in last, train services were still disrupted due to the maintenance work. The reason for the damage was still not known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12829869", "title": "'Lassi is part of our culture'", "text": "It may have a different name in other parts of the country but lassi is the favourite drink of most Indians. A day after Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia declared that tea will be India's national drink, Ludhianvis told TOI they would root for lassiIndia has been a land of milk. Thus lassi is more closely associated with our country and culture. Though we produce good quality tea in Darjeeling, it does not qualify to be the national drink as it is not as a part our lives and our culture as lassiVishvesh Khanna, 29 | executive chef sarovar hotelsTea is the legacy of the British in India. I feel tea is not good for health while lassi is complete food, considered healthy since time immemorial in IndiaGurbhajan Gill, 59 | president, punjabi sahitya akademi and resident of sbs nagarTea was imposed on Indians by the British whereas Indian culture is synonymous with milk and lassi. We have all grown up on milk and lassi. We remember elders asking us not to have teaDr B S Aulakh, 49 | urologist and transplant surgeonEven till date despite the popularity of tea if you tell some one that you do not take tea you are praised for that. Lassi on the other hand is a traditional Indian drink that is considered as good for health and panacea for many diseasesAmandeep Makkar, 32 | advocate and resident of model town extensionThere is no disputing the fact that tea is popular in India. But, the drink is associated with the British while Lassi is popular in every state. It's known to keep us in good health tooJashandeep Kaur, 32 | teacher and resident of model gramLassi is the staple diet in villages and is taken three times a day to maintain good health and keep fit. It has low fat content and is rich in nutritional value. Lassi is the best option to be declared as a national drinkGurmeet Bassi, 37 | farmer and property consultant and resident of lalton", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12830589", "title": "Elections to Calangute panchayat postponed", "text": "PANAJI: The government on Sunday postponed polls for the Calangute panchayat from May 16 to May 21 following a recommendation from the State Election Commission (SEC). The SEC asked directorate of panchayats to postpone the Calangute elections to May 21 failing which it would ignore the corrigendum issued by the directorate on April 21 to amend a corrigendum issued on April 14. Confirming the postponement, panchayats director Menino D'Souza said, \"SEC recommended that the elections be postponed and the government accepted it.\"Addressing media persons earlier in the evening, state election commissioner M Modassir said, \"We said we will not be able to take cognizance (of the April 21 corrigendum) unless the elections for the Calangute panchayat are postponed to May 21 instead of May 16. We have suggested (to the directorate) that we will be willing to hold (Calangute panchayat elections) on May 21.\"\"There is no harm in postponing the polls by a few days, as the ultimate purpose of the election commission is to hold elections in a proper manner,\" Modassir added.Modassir further said, \"SEC has asked the government to suspend the Bardez BDO, Calangute panchayat secretary, panchayat clerk and talathi for their role in manipulation in the delimitation process. The corrigendum was issued on the advice of these people. It was a corrigendum on a corrigendum. The election is being hindered due to alleged wrong data provided by these individuals,\" he added.He said the officials would be suspended, pending an inquiry and action would be taken after receiving the inquiry report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12829790", "title": "Demand for renaming Dhanas as 'upmarket' Sec 14 (W) rejected", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The UT administration has dashed hopes of residents owning property in rural and semi-urban areas falling in Chandigarh to cash in on the location of their plots close to massive development all around. The latest demand put up by those living in Dhanas to rechristen the area to Sector 14 (West) as the existing nomenclature gives a \"bad impression\" has been rejected as it would lead to a jump in land value.The association of residents of Milkmen Colony, Dhanas, had raised the issue with UT adviser K K Sharma and the matter was referred to the master plan committee, which discussed it at a recent meeting.\"The Punjab government is developing nearby area at a distance of 100 meters with facilities like a cricket stadium and a seven star hotel. Having a population equivalent to more than one sector the name of these colonies gives a bad impression to visitors as well as residents,\" reads the representation by the residents.The master plan committee discussed that people of the area have requested to get the name of the area changed to Sector 14 (W) on the lines of Sector 38 (W). The applicants also took the plea that the feeding post office to the area is also the one in Sector 14 and the sub-urban area has been provided with all facilities like water, electricity, parks and markets.A detailed deliberation was done on the issue and the members were of the opinion that no change in name should be allowed as there is speculation that it will lead to increase in land prices, besides the original notification regarding land acquisition is in the name of Dhanas. Praveen Bhatnagar, partner in a real estate agency in Chandigarh said, \"The first thing is that it would instantly increase the salability of property in the area. And if Dhanas projected as a part of Chandigarh's sectors with the same facilities, there would definitely be an increase of 25 % in the value of plots. For instance, if a 500 square feet plot on inside roads costs Rs 4 crore in Dhanas, it will come for Rs 7 crore if it is rechristened as in other parts of the city.\"\"Prospective buyers, especially NRIs, would definitely be put off by a name like Dhanas and sector 14 (W) sounds urbane and up market. With developmental projects coming up nearby in Punjab and Sector 14 already famous for Panjab University, it will jack up real estate rates,\" added Kamaljit Randhawa, another property dealer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "", "code": "12830269", "title": "Squad attacked for nabbing cheating students", "text": ": Tension mounted in Banspal block area when a group of guardians and students attacked an examination squad engaged by the Board of Secondary Education to check malpractices on Saturday. The incident took place when the squad raided Baitarani High School in the block headquarter, 25 km from Keonjhar, after receiving complaint of mass copying and caught 51 students red-handed. Tense guardians and students attacked the car of the board squad with stones and bricks. The car was completely damaged in the attack, while the driver of the car sustained injury on the shoulder.Two students were also injured in the incident and were admitted to Banspal hospital.A team from Nayakote police station went to the spot to investigate the incident. District education officer Krushna Chandra Nayak also went to the spot to inquire into the incident.\"The villagers, including guardians and students, attacked the squad mercilessly. The squad was only doing its job,\" said board squad head Hemanta Jena.One of the injured students on the other hand alleged he was injured when a member of the squad pushed him and he fell down.\"The incident took place when the board squad raided the school, catching 51 students indulging in malpractices. A complaint was lodged by the squad in the police station. We are investigating the incident,\" said Keonjhar DEO K C Nayak. \"As there is no other examination centre in the neighbourhood, we could not stop the exam here. We will provide more security here for peaceful conduct of the remaining papers of the matric exam,\" he added.According to sources, 173 students of five schools are taking the matriculation exam at the school. Earlier, the board squad has faced untoward situations in two schools in Jhumpura and Ghasipura block area when they caught students indulging in mass copying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830632", "title": "Muslim board opposes changes in RTE Act, tax code", "text": "MUMBAI: The 22nd general body meeting of the All India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIMPLB) ended with a pledge to save the constitutional rights of Muslims. Speakers, first at different sessions at Haj House and later at a huge public meeting at Azad Maidan on Sunday, asserted that the board will force the government to amend the Right to Education Act (RTE), scrap the direct taxes code bill and bring changes in the wakf amendment bill 2010. The AIMPLB also rubbished reports that one of the organizers of the board's meeting, Khair-e-Ummat Trust, was a front for the banned Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI).\"Some provisions of the RTE Act will deny our right to establish and run religious and educational institutions. We will make it a mass movement unless this Act is amended,\" Abdur Rahim Qureishi, assistant general secretary of AIMPLB, said. Attacking the tax bill, Qureishi said that taxing places of worship was tantamount to interference in the religious affairs of all communities. \"The Bill will affect not just mosques and dargahs, but places of worship of all religions and this is unacceptable,\" he added.Denying that the Khair-e-Ummat Trust, a Dongri-based registered NGO, had any links with SIMI, the trust's secretary, Ibrahim Khalil Abedi, said that the news was \"baseless and defamatory.\" Abedi was also the general secretary of the reception committee of the AIMPLB's convention in Mumbai. The AIMPLB's office in Mumbai is located at the Khair-e-Ummat Trust building. \"This is part of the conspiracy to defame and denigrate a Muslim organization which provides scholarships and medical help to the poor,\" alleged Qureishi.The board didn't discuss codification of Muslim personal laws, something many liberal Muslim groups have demanded for long. However, a member, Masoom Moradabadi, suggested that the board must work for reforms in Muslim society to prevent killing of daughters like innocent Afreen of Bangalore.UP CM Akhilesh Yadav won praise from the board members as he has assured the AIMPLB president Mulana Rabe Hasan Nadvi that the proposed law in his state which deprives married women of their rights in fathers' agricultural property will exclude Muslims. Copies of Akhilesh's letter to Maulana Nadvi were also distributed among the 400-odd members from across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12828997", "title": "'Pact with MNS will help saffron alliance'", "text": "PUNE: Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP) Vinod Tawde, the leader of opposition in the state legislative council, said on Sunday that an alliance with the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) before the 2014 elections would help the BJP-Shiv Sena-RPI alliance in gaining power in the state.\"We have realized that MNS has an influential vote bank in 92 state legislative assembly segments, which is not a number to be ignored,\" he said, while interacting with the state representatives of party's youth wing. He added, however, that the decision to go with MNS would be taken unanimously by the allies.Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the meeting, he said, \"The BJP has realised the power of the MNS in the recent local governing body election across the state. We must accept that their influence has grown significantly.\"Tawde said, \"Urban areas like Mumbai, Thane, Pune, Nashik and Aurangabad are crucial for the party to get more seats. We noticed that MNS holds key position in some of these municipal corporations. If MNS joins the BJP- Sena-RPI alliance, we could give a tough fight to the ruling democratic front.\"Shiv Sena has staunchly opposed BJP's inclination towards MNS, whereas BJP has termed it as a strategy to keep the Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) away from power. The party also says that attaining power at the local level would be useful during legislative elections slated in the second half of 2014.The last polls were held in October 2009, where BJP won more seats than Shiv Sena and Eknath Khadse was appointed as leader of opposition in the legislative assembly.The rift between BJP and Shiv Sena started widening after the local governing body elections, where local representatives joined hands with either Congress or NCP. This had miffed both the parties and Shiv Sena had also criticised its ally through its mouthpiece.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12830280", "title": "Team Mangalore's kites rule South Korean skies", "text": "MANGALORE: Team Mangalore, a city-based hobby group of kite flyers, on invitation from the organizers of Uiseong Garlic International Kite Festival, Korea participated in the event held in Uiseong, South Korea from April 11 to 16.The festival was organized by the government of Uiseong county and Korean Kite Flyers Association.The kite flying event was conducted between April 13 and 15 in which members of Team Mangalore -Giridhar Kamath, Subhash Pai, Vasanth Kumar Sanil and Janardhan Rao - showcased some of their best kites. The event saw the participation of over 25 countries and about 160 kite flyers of international fame from across the world.Team Mangalore's kites such as Kathakali, Yakshagana, Durga, Gajaraja, Owl and Pushpaka Vimana were widely appreciated by the Koreans, Giridhar Kamath, a chartered accountant, said. The team conducted workshops for children and trained them to make Indian fighter Kites. The team also entertained specially challenged children and gifted unique Indian kites to them.The team also performed candy drop from sky from a doll attached to kites. The show attracted huge weekend camping crowd and got appreciation from the organizers. Giridhar Kamath entertained the gathering by Yakshagana performance.The team has participated in various international kite festivals and most recently it participated in the international kite festival held in Qatar. In January the team had successfully organized ONGC-MRPL International Kite Festival on Panambur beach. At present, another four members of the team are in Italy participating in the Artevento International Kite Festival being held in Cervia, Italy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12830819", "title": "Industrialists among top bylaw violators: Survey", "text": "JALANDHAR: The first round survey conducted by the Punjab Small Industries and Export Corporation Ltd (PSIEC) in the industrial focal point here has revealed that prominent and influential industrialists are among the top violators of zonal planning and building bylaws.Out of the total 65 units inspected by PSIEC, only around six units were found to have followed rules. Others have committed violations of building bylaws and zoning rules, which are non-compoundable and as per PSIEC bylaws, the building parts during whose constructions rules were not followed, should be razed.The violations were committed even as PSIEC has exhaustive bylaws regulating each and every aspect connected with the construction. Not only an allottee is bound to give notice to PSIEC at least one week before commencing the construction, he has to obtain a certificate before occupying the building from the managing director of PSIEC or his authorized officer, certifying that the building had come up according to the norms.There are around 400 units in the focal point. Meanwhile, enquiries revealed that there was no established mechanism put in place by PSIEC to monitor the construction of industries and to detect violations.Barricades erected on public roadShital Vij controlled the access to his empire by barricading the PSIEC-owned road. As most of his units are located on a side of the industrial focal point, Vij had complete control over the road leading to his industrial units by having a barricade set up on the road. The barricade of iron bars would not allow anybody, including government officials or vehicles, without his or his men's permission to pass. An iron girder, fixed on the road, is still visible and there is a cabin adjoining it where his security men would control entry through the road.No boundary wall, only boilerEven as bylaws mandate construction of a boundary wall, Vij had set up a boiler at the corner of one of his units in place of a boundary wall, and its adjoining fittings even stand on the berm along the road. Big pipes from this boiler cross over public road from one of his units to the ones located on the other side of the road at a few places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12833395", "title": "Yohan Adhyayam Ondru to start next month", "text": "Yohan - Adhyayam Ondru, which will mark the coming together of Vijay and director Gautham Menon for the first time, will begin next month, say sources. There were rumors that this project has been shelved but the buzz now is that the Ilayathalapathy is gearing up for it.Gautham has planned Yohan Adhyayam Ondru as series on the lines of James Bond and Vijay is likely to star in this franchise, if things work out well between the two.The leading lady in Yohan Adhyayam Ondru has not been finalized till now. There are indications that it could be Samantha but the lady is busy with a number of projects and may find it difficult to accommodate Yohan Adhyayam Ondru, say sources.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12829721", "title": "Power staff threatens stir", "text": "LUCKNOW: Power employees under the aegis of Vidyut Karamchari Sanyukt Sangharsh Samiti have threatened to go on an agitation in case power distribution of cities is handed over to private companies.The samiti, in a statement on Sunday, quoted industrial development commissioner A K Gupta saying that the state government is working on a policy to hand over power distribution of cities to private companies. Gupta had stated about the proposed policy during an interaction with the members of the Confederation of Indian Industries in Lucknow recently. Members of the samiti said that the policy may not go down well.Members of the samiti are already agitating against handing power distribution of Agra to a private company during the regime of Mayawati. They have been claiming of massive losses to the state exchequer, because of the decision to hand over Agra to the private company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12836112", "title": "Indrajith excited about being a rowdy", "text": "Actor Indrajith, who is now one of the busiest actors in Mollywood, has completed the shoot for Anish Anwar's Mullamottum Mundhirichaarum.The actor is pretty excited about his role as Churuttu Jose, a rowdy. \"It's going to be one of the finest entertainers I've ever worked in,\" tweeted the actor. Actresses Ananya and Meghana Raj are his co-actors in the movie. Mullamottum Mundhirichaarum isslated for release by July end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "jamnagar", "code": "12830562", "title": "Passing out parade of 45 officers at INS Valsura", "text": "JAMNAGAR: Forty-five officers, including three from the Indian Coast Guard, marched out of the quarter-deck of INS Valsura here on Saturday upon the culmination of their 95-week course.The passing out parade of the officers of the electrical specialization course O-156 and SSC'L' 237 course was reviewed by rear admiral Ajay Kumar Saxena.The admiral appreciated INS Valsura's methodical approach to training that has kept pace with rapid advancements in the field of technology.He emphasized on the importance of correct engineering practices and electrical hygiene on board the warships.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12829965", "title": "Milkmen threaten to protest again", "text": "NOIDA: Milkmen in western UP are again planning to hold a protest over low procuring price and have threatened to stop supply to Delhi-NCR. The agitation, which started last year, was reported initially from five districts such as Aligarh, Agra, Mathura and Bulandshahr but has now spread not only to other parts of Uttar Pradesh but also to Punjab and some other states.The protest has already affected the milk supply in NCR and experts say if the agitation goes on for long, it may also hamper the supply to Delhi. The situation temporarily came under control on March 27 but the farmers plan to hold a nationwide protest if their demands are not met. They are even planning to gherao Parliament.Gautam Budh Nagar MP Surender Singh Nagar recently met agriculture minister Sharad Pawar , who has promised to raise the issue before a group of ministers and settle the matter soon. \"In south India, where the government has introduced a minimum support price for milk procurement, the consumer price fluctuates. As a result, companies have found the going quite rough,\" said Nagar.The milkmen allege that some major market players are buying milk from them at a nominal rate, though the consumers are charged a lot more. \"Fast-rising prices of milk over the past few years have left consumers and milk producers frustrated. Milk is sold through middlemen at Rs 18-19 per litre and is bought by companies for Rs 24-25. The milkmen were facing severe losses due to this and decided to supply milk directly to the companies. But now the companies are forcing us to sale milk at a record low price,\" said Ramesh Chand, a milk centre owner in Bulandshahr.Some companies have been allegedly procuring milk at prices that are Rs 4-6.50 per litre lower than Rs 31 that Amul pays its farmer-members. In most places, small farmers get Rs 17 per litre compared to Rs 30 they used to get earlier.\"The region produces above one crore litres of milk every day. In summer, companies will not buy in bulk. What will the farmers do? The government imposed a ban on milk export almost a year ago. Its wrong decisions have forced the milkmen to sell their milk in local market,\" said Pratap Chowdhary, president of Kisan Dugdh Evam Krishi Vikas Samiti.Milk companies are also watching the situation intently. \"Government agencies are not buying milk from milkmen. To avoid losses, they are forced to sell the surplus to the companies directly. The government had also banned export,\" said Rajendra Singh, MD of Paras Dairy, which supplied 10 lakh litres of milk to Delhi-NCR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12830983", "title": "State raises alert after Sukma collector abduction", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra government has now issued an alert in the Naxal-affected districts of the state following the abduction of Sukma district collector Alex Paul Menon by Naxalites in Chhattisgarh on Saturday.Senior police officials of Maharashtra's two most affected districts Gadchiroli and Gondia, apart from alerting the security forces in their respective areas, are also co-ordinating with the local civic administration regarding the threat perception as the Naxals have started targeting top government officials and politicians. A day before Paul's abduction, Naxals tried to blow up a convoy of Bijapur district collector in which three persons were killed including a top BJP leader.Immediately after the abduction, it was learnt that Chhattisgarh and Gadchiroli police initiated a joint operation along the state border. Security deployment has been also stepped up in certain strategic positions. Superintendent of police, Gadchiroli, S Vireesh Prabhu said the certain specific instructions too were given apart from the general security guidelines already issued to government officials. \"We cannot hinder the work of officials and create panic but no stones have been left unturned to ensure that general security norms are being adhered to,\" said Prabhu. He also said the co-ordination among the police forces of the adjoining districts of neighbouring states was also underway.With the spate of violent incidents in the district that led to the deaths of 14 security personnel and nearly half a dozen civilians, including senior political leaders, Gadchiroli police are learnt to be taking extra precaution in certain sensitive pockets known as Naxal bastions.Senior police officials from Gondia too said that security forces have been deployed at certain strategic positions to ensure closer monitoring of the rebels, especially their movements across the state borders. Additional SP Vishwa Pansare, Gondia police, said that the security forces and the civic administration were closely monitoring developments. \"We are already having close co-ordination with the authorities concerned. The security forces are prepared for meeting any emergency,\" said Pansare. He added that necessary precautions have been already undertaken viewing the prevailing circumstances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830835", "title": "Builders\u2019 stir will target netas, babus", "text": "MUMBAI: The real estate industry will be in lockdown mode on May 3. Builders, architects and brokerage firms will converge at Azad Maidan to voice their anger over \"abrupt policy fluctuations and widespread corruption in the government\".This is the first time that the cash-rich realty sector, notorious for hobnobbing with the who's who of the powers-that-be in Mantralaya or at the level of the local-self government body, has decided to take the ruling political class and the powerful bureaucracy head-on.As part of the protest, builders, architects and agents will not transact any business on May 3. \"No sales queries will be entertained. No property documents will be registered from April 25 to May 6 in the entire Mumbai Metropolitan Region,\" said a prominent builder.All architects and liaison staff have been directed against visiting any government or corporation office on May 3. Moreover, for two consecutive weekends (April 28 and May 6), all promotional activities such as advertisements or press statements will be stopped,'' said a prominent builder requesting anonymity.The sentiment against the policy makers in Mantralaya is undoubtedly bitter, but the anger and frustration against the babudom in municipal corporations and local revenue departments for \"tweaking rules and making exorbitant cash demands\" is also gaining momentum among the realty fraternity.\"Frequent policy shifts, bureaucratic delays in clearing projects and unreasonable demands for bribes are affecting business. This directly affects the end consumer who has to bear the costs of such an inept and corrupt system. The slump in property market and the high realty rates in Mumbai, Thane, Navi Mumbai and Raigad are only because of the policy paralysis at the government level,'' said the builder.Plans are being worked out to ensure that more than 25,000 people associated with the property market converge at Azad Maidan on May 3. At a meeting held at Rang Sharda auditorium last week, members of the Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry (MCHI) from Mumbai, Thane, Mira Road-Virar, Kalyan-Dombivli, Raigad and Navi Mumbai collectively decided to have a showdown with the government.\"This is just the beginning. We are not against any individual but our protest is against the system. Rules are being changed at a drop of a hat. A new policy is introduced out of the blue for high-ise buildings, new environment rules and permissions are sought when the project is halfway through. It is difficult to work in such an environment,'' said Ajay Ashar, a developer from Thane.It is learnt that top city builder Rajni Ajmera drew a comparison between Maharashtra and Gujarat at the Rang Sharda meeting stating that while the developers have to wait endlessly for an intimation of disapproval (IOD) and commencement certificate (CC) in Maharashtra, the same are issued to the developer in less than 10 days in Gujarat. The Ajmeras are developing property in Ahmedabad and Baroda.Manoj Daisaria of the Practising Engineers and Architects' Association, who was also present at the meeting, said the MRTP Act makes it mandatory for officials to clear files on their desk in the stipulated time but the law is rarely followed by the bureaucracy. Deepak Garodia of Dosti group is said to have urged all members to stand united while Boman Irani of Rustomjee Group said it was a fight for their dignity. Vimal Shah of Ackruti group said the protest on May 3 is meant to sound an alarm bell to the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12830069", "title": "High drama in Mysore rural", "text": "MYSORE: High drama followed the death of Shekar, who committed suicide in his sugarcane field on Saturday evening. Though the incident came to light at 7pm, angry farmers didn't allow police to shift the body to the mortuary. On Sunday morning, as news spread, farmer leaders gathered to discuss the issue and set 1.30pm as the deadline for deputy commissioner P S Vastrad to visit the farmer's family and pay Rs 10 lakh in compensation. But the district administration didn't respond, Kurbur Shantakumar, president of the Sugarcane Growers' Association, told TOI.Though H D Kote tahsildar N C Jagadish visited the site, the farmers didn't relent and tried to transport Shekar's body to Mysore in a four-wheeler. Aware of the consequences, police snatched the keys of the vehicle. Some youths picked up the body and took it on a bike for around 6km, and for about an hour, the cops were clueless about where the body was. They set up check posts and began scanning vehicles. Later, a team of cops led by SP R Dileep stopped and searched a four-wheeler at Madapura, 40km from Mysore on Mysore-Manandawadi Road, and found Shekar's body. A squabble broke out when the cops refused to allow the vehicle to move. In the melee, in-charge additional SP R Anand was manhandled, and was shifted to a private hospital.Hunsur AC Lingamurthy, who heads a committee to look into farmers' suicides, held talks with the protesters, and reached a compromise. \"The sugar factory has agreed to pay Rs 4 lakh as compensation, and the government will pay Rs 1 lakh. We've agreed to it,\" Shantakumar said.Officials will also recommend that the Rs 4 lakh crop loan availed by Shekar be waived. Shekar is single and is survived by his aged mother, two brothers and a physically challenged sister.Case against factoryPolice, who have taken up a suo motu case, said Shekar was dejected by the factory's response, which forced him to commit suicide. According to the SP, a case under section 306 of IPC (abetment to commit suicide) was booked against officials of Bannari Amman Sugar Factory.Factory general manager (sugarcane) V Krishnan denied that they had given permission to Shekar to harvest the crop 15 days ago. \"Three days ago, Shekar contacted us and our staff visited his farmland to transport sugarcane on Saturday. We told Shekar we would send the lorry on Sunday morning. But Shekar and his family members declined as they wanted to harvest the entire crop and send it together.\"Krishnan said the sugarcane quality was poor but compensation would be given on humanitarian grounds.A case has also been booked against the farmers on charges of assaulting police officials, and obstructing public servants from performing their duty.CM points to centreChief minister D V Sadananda Gowda said he is aware of the developments and has asked for a report. Gowda argued that the Centre has to attend to sugarcane farmers. \"I've held discussions with the factory representatives and growers on payments and dues to the farmers. But as per law, the factories are controlled by the Centre. I'm aware of the case and have asked officials to visit the site and submit a report.\" Gowda also claimed that suicides by farmers are on the decline.While he said that officials had been deputed to the spot, the farmers alleged that AC Lingamurthy, who has the authority to decide the case, didn't visit the village till 1.30pm. Deputy commissioner Vastrad was in Mysore city in the wake of the CM's visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12828948", "title": "Earth Day: Etawah villagers celebrate the event", "text": "KANPUR: A village situated in the ravines of Etawah celebrated the Earth Day on Sunday to spread awareness on how our planet can be preserved. A celebration was held at Lallu Das Baba Ka Ashram in Bahadurpur village. Young schoolchildren and villagers participated in the event whose theme was 'Mobilise the Earth'. They expressed concern on climatic changes and global warming leading to a rise in temperature with each passing day.This initiative was supported by the Society for Conservation of Nature. \"The increasing emission of gases is plaguing the planet. For the day, we would focus on how to reduce the green house effect, discussions on global warming and how to fight water scarcity,\" informed Rajiv Chauhan, secretary, Society for Conservation of Nature. \"These initiatives will unable people to take part in a global movement for the environment,\" said Chauhan.The celebration started with plantation of saplings in and around the Lallu Das Baba Ka Ashram. Addressing the participants, Prabhat Mishra, deputy director of National Savings, said: \"It has become a need of the hour to reduce carbon and gas emission and to plant more trees.\" He also added that one should opt for a bicycle ride instead of using an auto-machine to preserve nature for the future.Ravindra Dikshit, Surendra Pal and Yogendra Singh Chauhan, respective village heads of Asayi, Chindauli and Udhanpura villages, recounted the importance of the Earth Day and urged the future generations to save nature.The celebration also marked by the Earth Day theme songs by 'kirtan mandali' of Lallu Das Baba Ka Ashram. A speech was also delivered to help students understand how little changes in environment could lead to big repercussions. Raghav, a class VIII student, said: \"We pledged to save the Mother Earth and resolved to protect the nature.\"The Earth Day is celebrated globally on April 22 every year since its launch in 1970 and focuses on current and potential environmental problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "12828826", "title": "Elephant shifted to Tripura sanctuary", "text": "AGARTALA: Tripura wildlife officials have sent an elephant, caught in the forest of Amarpur in South Tripura on Saturday, to Shepahijala sanctuary in West Tripura on Sunday. It belonged to a circus group in Bangladesh.Wildlife officials said the elephant was shot at and made unconscious. Additional principal chief conservator of forest (APCCF) A K Gupta said the elephant had entered into Agartala through Akhaura check-post in the city on April 15 last. The incident triggered wide spread panic among the local residents.\"It travelled all the way to Udaipur and Amarpur through the forest,\" Gupta said adding that forest department had been keeping a close watch on the elephant and the track it was following and made repeated efforts to tranquilize it. They succeeded only on Saturday. Reports from the state wildlife department said the elephant had escaped from the circus shed in Brahamanbaria district of Bangladesh and came to Agartala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12829675", "title": "New head for Sena employees' body", "text": "NASHIK: Corporator Shivaji Sahane has been appointed the chairman of the Shiv Sena initiated Municipal Karmachari (Employees) Sena.The announcement was made by the union's organizational head, MLA Baban Gholap, on Saturday.The post of chairman of the body has been vacant since the death of Ashok Gavli few months ago. There have been many claimants to the post since. Gholap, taking charge of the union, dissolved the working committee, leading This had led to discussions in the party that Gholap did so because he wanted to appoint his man to the post.After appointing Sahane, Gholap said that as the chairperson of the organization, he had taken the decision to dissolve the working committee and that Sahane was shortlisted only after discussions with the employees and office bearers.Sahane said, \"As charperson, I will take all the decisions for the benefit of the employees. According to a government resolution (GR), 50% posts have to be filled by promotion and 50% by direct recruitment. The main focus at present would be on employing people for octroi collection and filling up vacant posts. We don't have sufficient staff for octroi. I will discuss the issue with the municipal commissioner to find a solution.\"He added that now that the privatization of octroi has been cancelled and the NMC is poorly equipped, the employees should not be blamed if target collection is not achieved. \"But if there is good octroi collection by employees, they should be given incentives. This would ensure better collection. I will discuss this with the municipal commissioner and the mayor and we will take a decision for the benefit of the NMC,\" he said.Sahane agreed that it would be difficult to recruit more than 600 employees in one month. According to a GR, employees cannot be recruited on contract, but in exceptional cases like this, the government could be approached to permit contract employment.He said that there will be an emphasis on discipline for employees and that he would try to facilitate Sixth Pay Commission for all. \"Some decision has to also be taken about the employees who are already on contract,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12830722", "title": "4 persons killed in 2 separate road accidents", "text": "RAJKOT: Four persons were killed in two separate road accidents in Saurashtra on Saturday night. In the first case, two persons were killed in a road accident near Babra town in Amreli district. Police said the victims were on their way on a motorcycle from Charkha village to Babra town in Amreli district when a tractor hit them from behind.\"The two persons on the motorcycle were killed on the spot. The accused tractor driver managed to escape. We have filed a police complaint against unidentified persons in this regard,'' said Babra police station officials. Police said that the identities of the deceased were yet to be established.In another road accident, which took place near Gadhada in Bhavnagar district, two persons lost their lives. A speeding car hit a rickshaw near Gadhada. As a result of the impact, two passengers fell of the rickshaw and died. Gadadha police have booked the car driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12829238", "title": "School children for a greener tomorrow", "text": "KOCHI: School children from across the state participated in an environment programme, titled Paryavaran Mitra in city in Sunday. The event was organized by the Centre for Environment Education (CEE) as part of Earth Day celebrations.For students like Asha and her friends from AUP School, Podavoor, Kasaragod, this programme was a recognition of their efforts. These students have been planting trees around 9km radius of their school.\"It feels great that I can help the planet in my own little way,\" said the 11-year-old while speaking at the function.From a list of shortlisted presentations, CEE will select five winners to represent the state at the national level, said Neethu Mohan, coordinator, CEE.Water and sanitation, energy conservation, biodiversity and greening, waste management and culture and heritage were the themes of the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12828928", "title": "Cops find it hard to tackle SP workers", "text": "KANPUR: The police had a tough time on Sunday afternoon in controlling the Samajwadi Party workers, who forcibly wanted to enter the reserve police lines ground where Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav helicopter was to land. The unruly workers were pushed back by force.The CM had got down at helipad especially made in the ground. It was his first visit to city after becoming the chief minister. The overenthusiastic party workers wanted to have a glimpse of their leader. The police wanted to provide entry to the SP leaders and office-bearers. The attempts to stop the party workers failed, when police opened the gate for the party leaders to enter. Hundreds of SP supporters entered the ground. They stood on chairs to have a glimpse of the CM. Some chairs broke down and a few workers got hurt.Many workers who could not enter through the gate, scaled the boundary wall. They could not proceed further as the area had been barricaded.As soon as the chief minister ended his press conference and headed towards his helicopter, scores of SP workers and mediapersons reached close to him. The CM had to ask the people to stay cool and maintain peace.Pushpa and Pravin Agarwal, parents of Parnika, whose marriage reception was held on Sunday evening, welcomed the chief minister in their home. The Agrawals are close aides of Mulayam Yadav and his family. They know Yadavs for over 20 years and have family terms.Pushpa Agarwal said, \"We have seen him as an 18 year old boy 20 years ago. It feels good to see him as the chief minister.\" When Mulayam Singh Yadav was CM, he also used to come here and meet them, she added.Akhilesh Yadav stood at the house of Pravin Agarwal for about 30 minutes. He wished their daugther on the occasion and met other family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12833377", "title": "Kochadaiyaan\u2019s progress in Kerala", "text": "Rajinikanth and the entire Kochdaiyaan team are camping at the Chitranjali Studio at Thiruvananthapuram in Kerala.One wonders why director Soundarya had opted for this studio. To this, industry sources say that at the Chitranjali Studios, state-of-the-art facilities are available along with strict privacy.This is the major reason for the director opting for this studio instead of the studios in Chennai or Hyderabad. Deepika Padukone has joined the Kochadaiyaan and scenes involving her and Rajinikanth are being filmed now.Kerala Minister KB Ganesh had made all the arrangements for the Kochadaiyaan shooting in this studio, say sources. After the shooting in Chitranjali Studio, the team will move over to some picturesque location in that state.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12830284", "title": "Uniform signboards for aesthetic Rath Yatra", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has decided to erect uniform signboards outside shops and commercial establishments on Grand Road in Puri, ahead of Rath Yatra this year. During the festival last year, the government had ordered all buildings on Grand Road to be painted a uniform ivory colour for an aesthetic appeal.\"It will look attractive if all shops and commercial establishments carry a common signage. The size and design of the boards will be finalized soon. New signage boards would be installed much before Rath Yatra,\" said revenue divisional commissioner (central range) P K Mohapatra.Mohapatra, also the chief administrator of Jagannath temple administration, was presiding over the first preparatory meeting for this year's Rath Yatra, scheduled for June 21.\"We will also inspect the condition of the ivory-coloured buildings and apply a fresh coat on them if necessary. The uniform colour code was widely appreciated by pilgrims last year,\" Mohapatra said.He also informed that the traffic between Bhubaneswar and Puri might not face much congestion this Rath Yatra as vehicles would be allowed to ply on the expanded NH between Uttara and Pipili (around 10km). The NH expansion between Puri and Bhubaneswar started in 2010 in view of the 2015 Nabakalebar festival of Lord Jagannath.\"NHAI assured us to hand over around 10-km expanded road for public use before Rath Yatra. It will also stop expansion work during major festive occasions in view of heavy traffic movement,\" Mohapatra said.National Thermal Power Corporation ( NTPC ) would spend around Rs 1.25 crore to illuminate the 3-km Grand Road, facing the 12th century Jagannath temple. The power company would erect 38 high mast light posts in Puri before Rath Yatra, sources said.Nalco has pledged to install new surveillance cameras on Grand Road for smooth conduct of Rath Yatra, Mohapatra said. Though some CCTV cameras were put up last year, almost all became kaput.The Jagannath temple administration has a budget allocation of nearly Rs 2 crore to conduct the annual Rath Yatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12834157", "title": "Pooja Batra's ex to host a TV show", "text": "More than a year after his wife Pooja Batra filed for divorce, Los Angeles based celebrity orthopaedic surgeon Dr Sonu Ahluwalia, has followed her to the entertainment industry.Ahluwalia, who has reportedly treated everyone from Salman Khan to Tiger Woods , is scheduled to host a TV show, in which, he will be play part doctor and part \"Munnabhai,\" demystifying medical jargons for the masses. Batra and Ahluwalia were married for eight years, during which the modelactress managed to put together a casting agency, bringing down the likes of Sylvester Stallone to Bollywood and taking Will Smith on a guided tour of the country. Among the many reasons cited for their split, was Batra's frequent trips to India and her high-decibel lifestyle. It may come as a surprise to many that the estranged husband seems keen to be a part of the very industry that allegedly drove a wedge into the relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12834190", "title": "IELTS reckoner", "text": "Sarah Deverall, director examinations, India &amp; customer services South Asia, British Council, talks to Diptiman Dewan on the IELTS examinationQ- How many times in the year is the IELTS held? The test is offered up to four times a month throughout the year and across 38 cities in India.Q- When is the right time to take the test? As the test is offered up to 48 times a year it can be taken by candidates at their convenience to meet their individual admission / deadline requirements.Q- Is IELTS an online test? The IELTS is a paper based test.Q- What are the choices of timings for taking the test? The test starts at 1.00 pm in all test centres across India and finishes by 4.00 pm. The reporting time for candidates at the test venue is 11.30 am to complete the required pre test procedures.Q- What is considered as a good score in IELTS? There is no pass or fail in IELTS. Candidates are graded on their performance in the test, using scores from 1 to 9 for each part of the test - Listening, Reading, Writing and Speaking. The results from the four parts then produce an Overall Band Score.This unique 9-band system measures scores in a consistent manner - wherever and whenever the test is taken. It is internationally recognised and understood, giving you a reliable international currency.Q- Which universities recognise IELTS scores, and for which programmes? IELTS is recognised by over 7,000 organisations in over 135 countries. This includes over 3,000 higher education institutions and programmes in the USA which accept IELTS scores as proof of English language proficiency.Q- What is the cut-off score required by top universities? IELTS is trusted by top universities across the world including all Ivy League colleges in USA. The IELTS Global Recognition System available at http://takeielts.britishcouncil.org/choose-ielts/who-accepts-ielts provides detailed information on organisations accept IELTS and the scores they require.Q- How long does it take for results to be declared? How long is it valid? Results are issued 13 days after the test. Test Results are valid for a recommended period of two years.Q- How many times can the result be asked for by an applicant? Is it emailed/couriered? Candidates are sent one copy of their Test Report Form by courier or post. The British Council provides additional services to help candidates know how well they have done before the official test report form is issued. This online result is provisional and should not be used as an official confirmation of achievement. Test centres are not permitted to give results over phone or by fax or e-mail.The test centre can forward copies of your Test Report Form to five recognising organisations for candidates free of charge. The recognising organisations can also double-check the details of the candidate Test Report Form via the secure online database. If candidates require extra copies sent to other organisations, they can ask their test centre.Q- How does one prepare for the IELTS? Are there practise tests/books, mock papers available? The British Council offers access to a wide range of IELTS preparation and study resources to help you prepare for IELTS. Over 30 hours of free online practice materials, expert teachers and first class customer service mean that candidates can do their personal best by taking IELTS with the British Council. Useful information on how to prepare the test is available on http://takeielts.britishcouncil.orgQ- Which countries/universities is it recognised in? IELTS is the world's most popular English language test for education and emigration. Due to its high quality controls, IELTS is accepted by thousands of organisations in over 135 countries. These include - UK, USA, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, etc. IELTS is trusted by top universities across the world including all Ivy League colleges in USA. For more information, visit http://takeielts.britishcouncil.orgCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12829948", "title": "3 crushed to death under factory shed", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Three workers died while three others were injured after a tin shed at a factory collapsed under the impact of a thunderstorm. A water tank with a capacity of 20,000 litre supported by the shed also came crashing down in turn crushing the six men. The incident occurred at a metal factory in Vijay Nagar.The deceased have been identified as Abuzar (28), Imtiyaaz (26) and Senapati (38). \"The incident took place around 7.45pm. When it started raining heavily, the six workers took shelter under the beam. Suddenly, the beam collapsed, bringing down the tank with it. Three workers were immediately crushed to death under the debris,\" a police official said. The other three were rescued by other labourers.One of the survivors told TOI, \"We were working in the factory when it started to rain heavily. We all took refuge under the shed. In the next five minutes the shade collapsed.\" The injured were rushed to a hospital by other labourers. \"The victims sustained head injuries and fractures. However, they are out of danger,\" said a doctor. Speaking about the tragedy, the manager of the factory said it was a natural calamity.A senior cop said, \"The bodies have been sent for postmortem.\" Sources said two years ago another such incident had occurred at the factory in which four persons had died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12830383", "title": "Earth Day: Awareness programmes conducted to observe the event", "text": "BANGALORE: Save the environment and spread awareness about it. This was the message of different groups that came together in the city on Sunday to observe the 42nd Earth Day.In the backdrop of the Garden City's unprecedented environmental degradation, walkathons, talks and distribution of saplings marked Bangaloreans' show of resolve to keep the planet safe. At St Andrew's Church on Cubbon Road, prayers and songs reflected on the need to care for the Earth. A guided nature walk with A Rocha India researcher Gopalakrishna SP threw light on the importance of floral species present on the church campus.People gave the thumbs-up to the cause of protecting the Earth by signing and placing their thumb impression on the 'Green Thumb' canvas. Saplings of 'Indian Beach Tree' were distributed too. Geological Society of India with the ministry of earth sciences held a walkathon in Gavipuram, followed by talks by on 'Every day is an Earth Day...'Corporate StepIT major IBM formally unveiled green solar panels at its Bangalore facility, contributing to the company's 'Go Green revolution' initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12830150", "title": "\u2018Everyone can avail benefits of Arogyasri\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Benefits of Arogyasri, the government's health scheme, can be availed by even those persons who do not hold a white ration card, Arogyasri district manager Rama Krishna, said here at an informative session on Sunday.Krishna said many citizens continue to remain clueless about the number of health problems covered under the scheme. \"There are 930 conditions that are covered under the scheme and for 121 conditions, medication for one year can be availed free of cost. Citizens can consult 'Arogyamitras' at hospitals for such details,\" he said. The Arogyasri officer said everyone can avail the scheme's benefits. \"If an individual is not a white ration card holder, a letter can be issued from the CM's office on presentation of necessary health documents. This will make him eligible for benefits under the scheme. All packages mentioned in the scheme and other benefits that are entitled to a regular card holder can be availed,\" he said. Adding that everything from admission to discharge, including investigations, was free if the total cost did not exceed the package costs, Krishna said denizens can register with Arogyamitras or call '104' to avail assistance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12830804", "title": "Question paper leak leaves students seething, anxious", "text": "NAGPUR: The news of leak of business law question paper of bachelor of commerce, computer applications (BCCA) final year spread a wave of panic and anxiety among students. TOI had exposed on Sunday that BCCA paper had leaked the night before the exam. Students expressed their angst over such incident and were at tenterhooks on what would happen next.\"Phone calls have been going on since morning. It's a panic situation both for the students as well as the parents. There were some rumours the day before the exam about the leak, but I didn't pay heed to them as I was not interested,\" said KT, a student. Another student said as the news spread, many people confirmed that paper had been leaked and there was a sense of confusion. \"Nobody knows whether the re-exam is going to happen or not. If not, will the checking be strict and what if we get less marks because of that,\" said BD.Many students had plans for vacations too that would be affected because of the leak. \"The outstation students will have to suffer as many of had already gone back to their hometown and have no clue what is going on here,\" another student said.\"I don't mind giving the exam again but I am angry that such a thing has happened. If a re-exam is being planned it should be within a month so that the future of the students is not affected,\" said BD.RK, a student, said they had heard rumours about three sets of question papers circulating among the students. \"One was said to have the exact questions that came on Saturday's paper while another had the same main questions but secondary ones question. Now that the news is out, let's see what happens,\" RK said.The whole situation has caused a lot of inconvenience to the students as their future is at stake. The admissions to PG colleges are subject to marks obtained in the final year. \"The results of NU anyway come late. If a re-exam is conducted I wonder when its results will be out,\" said AS, another student.AS further said students whose paper went well won't want the re-exam, whereas for whom it was not so good, wont mind in. \"I am scared they will let the whole issue pass by giving passing marks to all of us,\" AS said.* The incident: On October 23, 2007, a paper of BSc first year Chemistry (winter exam) was leaked from Lemdeo Patil College in Kuhi in Chandrapur district. The paper was supposed to be held three days later. The locks of college's strong room were broken to steal the question papers. Nagpur University officials replaced the leaked paper with a new one.The action: Vinod Indurkar committee was constituted to conduct investigations. Till date, no person was brought to book.* The incident: April 6, 2010, officials at Dr Ambedkar College erroneously distributed the question paper of an exam slated to be held two days later. This forced NU officials to reschedule the paper. NU had to recall nearly 8,000 question sets.The action: The issue was referred to NU's Disciplinary Action Committee. In this case as well, no action has been taken till date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12829679", "title": "Ravi Nagar was a blend of simplicity and innovation", "text": "LUCKNOW: If it was a play produced in Lucknow, it was hardly complete without Ravi Nagar. His music had given life to countless of plays from the city and beyond and after his death, the theatre fraternity reciprocated with wet eyes and loads of gratitude.On Sunday, theatre artists, academicians, bureaucrats, students and his Lucknow University friends got together to pay tribute to Nagar who passed away on Saturday after battling against prostate cancer for a year. If a sense of irreparable loss overwhelmed the gathering, it was also punctuated with disbelief. True, he was fighting against the dreaded disease, but 50 was not the age to go. He has left a long list of unfinished works - a number of compositions and an album comprising his theatre hits. Cancer had not affected his creative urge.Theatre artiste and Bhartendu Natya Akademi's (BNA) former director Surya Mohan Kulshreshtha calls Nagar the finest theatre musician in entire North India. \"There is no one who can replace him. Not a commercial artist, Ravi has dedicated his life for theatre music. We can never forget his social commitment towards his work,'' he says.His was first being treated at Balrampur hospital and then shifted to Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Scienecs (SGPGI). On Saturday night, when his condition deteriorated, he was taken to Chhtrapati Sahuji Maharaj Medical University (CSMMU) where he was declared as dead.Kulshreshtha shares some of of Ravi's work for which he was widely acclaimed. Ravi sang for one of Nirala's finest work, 'wo dekhi maine illahabad ke path par todi patahar' which earned him recognition. Ravi's music direction in 'Bhagwad jjugiyani', a play that was made in 1991 and is still being shown in various parts of the world, was outstanding. His shayari was no ordinary. It was purely philosophical in nature. The audience could well create visuals with his voice,'' said Surya Mohan reminiscing that Ravi used to call him 'baba'.Well-known playwright, and general secretary of Indian People's Theatre Association (IPTA), Rakesh recalled: \"He was IPTA's soul. But, it's not just an organisational loss. It's my personal loss. We are soon to begin the work an album that would comprise of Ravi's greatest work but he left me alone.\" His commitment towards work can be gauged with the fact that in October 2011 when he was detected with cancer, he sung a poem at the 75{+t}{+h} anniversary of Progressive Writers Association (PWA) which was started by Premchand in 1936.Nagar also composed the 'kulgeet' of Lucknow University, penned by former vice-chancellor RR Verma. \"I had a very close association with Ravi. He has been an internal part of the processions and campaigns we took against communalism. He kept walking without looking back.'' Tarun Raj, producer, Sangeet Natak Akademi (SNA) said: Ravi was a workaholic and spent his days creating music for poems which cannot be sung. He was one of the finest artists I have ever known. His participation in 'rang yatras' was unmatched.''Prominent theatre artist, Anil Rastogi who had known Ravi since childhood, said: He had immense knowledge of music. He was a composite person who can create music for dance, theatre, could sing and play just anything. I must say that we are yet to find anyone who can replace him.''Nagar is survived by his wife, Rekha , and two sons - Ananya and Anadi. The younger one - Anadi - has already started following his father's footsteps and has even acted in some plays directed by Kulshreshtha. Ananya is a final year engineering student in Allahabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12833636", "title": "Kajal's fight for sister's troubles", "text": "Generally it is the case of heroes and directors, who fight for their brothers and sons in the tinsel town. However, our sexy heroine now started a campaign to save her sister from extinction, say sources.Ravishing beauty Kajal Agarwal is constantly shuttling between Hyderabad and Mumbai for the sake of her sexy sister Nisha Agarwal. With Nisha getting no work in Telugu industry after 'Solo', Kajal is trying to rope her in a fully romantic Bollywood film. Insiders revealed that the younger one is giving signals for sensuous show, but makers are not ready to sign the dotted line. Currently, Nisha has only a Tamil film 'Ishtam' in hand, which is a remake of her scorching movie 'Yemaindi Ee Vela'.Reports say that the younger one got into troubles after feigning busy and demanding huge remuneration like her sister. Folks say that Kajal may advice her to do a semi-nude shoot for a magazine, as she has done same thing to pull Hindi producers in queue. With her skills and performance not getting proved, it is difficult to rock any tinsel town though you can unfasten the pins of your dress.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12829937", "title": "Power cuts may be lifted from May 1", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the rabi season coming to an end this week, state residents forced to sweat it out in the sweltering summer heat can expect a respite from the power cuts from May 1. During the rabi season, the agriculture sector accounts for 26% of the total power demand, and the end of this season should come as a major relief to the domestic consumers as it is they who have been bearing the brunt of the power cuts. In all, about 900 MW of power that has been doled out as free power for the farm sector is expected to be freed.\"We are expecting the rabi season to be over by this month end. Once it happens, we would give a major relief to consumers from power cuts from May onwards,\" AP Transco chairman and managing director Ajay Jain told TOI. With the annual demand increasing by about 10% every year, AP touched a new record of supplying more than 11,500 MW per day in 2012. The state stands next only to Maharashtra in terms of demand. However, it will be the demand during the peak summer and the extend of monsoon rain following that which will play a key role in determining how the power situation will shape up for the rest of the financial year, Transco officials admitted.Unlike last year, the power cuts came into effect in February itself as the shortfall in demand rose to about 1,000 MW. Hyderabad city experienced two to three hour power cut in the months of February and March which were reduced to about one to two hours in April. \"We are planning to remove all power cuts in the city in the first phase,\" said Ajay Jain.Apart from the domestic sector, the industrial units have been facing the brunt in the form of a two day power holiday which has led to large scale shutdown in the industrial estates. Transco officials claim things will change for the better come May. \"All our thermal units have been pressed to service to meet the shortage. Fortunately, all our thermal units ran without a hitch all through this season and supplied a record amount of electricity. The timely commissioning of the Bhupalapalli thermal station also proved beneficial during the crisis time,\" said K Vijayanand, mananging director of AP Genco.In the year 2011-12, as against the requirement of 91,402 Million Units (MU), AP has been able to meet 84,821 MU, resulting in a deficit of 6581 MU or 7.2 per cent. To meet this deficit to some extent, Discoms are purchasing around 1100 MW per day through medium, short term open access and intrastate generators while the remaining is being met through load relief to industrial and domestic sectors.Discoms seek Rs 3,014cr from CentreHYDERABAD: Energy distribution companies (Discoms) in the state have sought a Rs 3,014-crore help from the Centre for providing quality and continuous supply to rural areas through the implementation of Feeder Segregation Project (FSP). Energy department principal secretary Dinesh Kumar requested the Union government to provide financial assistance to FSP during the recent meeting of state government officials with members of the planning commission. The distribution companies implemented a pilot project in one mandal in each circle and it was funded internally by the Discoms. The implementation of FSP is said to ensure satisfactory three-phase power supply, which would encourage medium and small-scale industries in rural areas in the future and reduce urban-rural disparities. The project involves erecting parallel rural distribution network of 11kv feeders spanning over 1,50,766 kilometers to segregate the existing 8,878 mixed rural feeders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12831455", "title": "'Hamein BhiPadhao' holds health camp", "text": "PATNA: A health camp was on Sunday inaugurated by Acharya Sri Sudarshanji Maharaj, founder of 'Hamein Bhi Padhao', at the community Hall of Bhelwara village in Patna district.Senior doctors examined a large number of people, including children. They were also given free medicines.Acharya Sri Sudarshanji Maharaj said that providing health care to the poor and needy was the aim of the medical camp.\"If poor children are not healthy, how can we think of building a strong nation,\" he said.'Hamein Bhi Padhao' secretary Kumar Arunodaya said that poor children benefited from the free medical camp. It would create health awareness among them, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12830008", "title": "Team Anna has turned communal: Qasmi", "text": "New Delhi: Team Anna member Kumar Vishwas on Sunday said one of its core committee members Maulana Shamoon Qasmi was expelled for \"breach of trust\". \"He was asked by Team Anna member Shanti Bhushan to keep away from the meetings and not attend it for the time being,\" Vishwas said.The crucial meeting was held in Sector-43 of Noida and was attended by Hazare and other core members of the team, including Prashant Bhushan, Kiran Bedi and Kumar Vishwas.Qasmi was accused of audio-recording the proceedings of the core committee meetings on his mobile phone and leaking it elsewhere. Qasmi, however, said he quit the team because it had turned 'political' in nature and there was no place in it for him. \"I was in the team only because of Anna Hazare,\" he said, adding, \"Arvind Kejriwal has let the movement down. I was the only Muslim member in the core committee and I am out of it now. They have turned communal.\" Team Anna said discussions were still on in the core committee about the proposed joint rally with Baba Ramdev and details would emerge in the next couple of days.Addressing the media shortly after the meeting, Kiran Bedi and Prashant Bhushan reiterated that Hazare would shortly begin his tour of the entire country starting from Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12831661", "title": "Will your insurance policy get tax benefits?", "text": "When this year's budget laid down new rules for life insurance , it was presumed that mis-selling would lose its sting. Far from it, mis-selling has now become more dangerous for your finances. Till 31 March, if someone was missold an unsuitable life insurance policy, the most he would have lost was the liquidity and the opportunity to invest in a more lucrative avenue. But at least he got the tax benefitstax deduction of the premium under Sec 80C and tax-free income on maturity under Sec 10(10D).Now, if a buyer is not careful , he may end up buying a policy that won't offer any tax benefits. Even the money received by his nominee in case of death will be taxable if the policy does not cover the buyer for 10 times the annual premium . Individual agents as well as aggregator sites are happily selling insurance policies that are not eligible for tax benefits. Till last week, a prominent insurance portal was hawking Jeevan Vriddhi, a single premium plan from LIC that covers the buyer for five times the premium. Posing as a buyer, ET Wealth called up the portal and was given the assurance that the policy will offer the tax benefits under Section 80C and Section 10(10D).Insurance agents also have their hands in the till. They are bombarding buyers with attractive benefit illustrations without educating them on the post-budget tax implications. An agent of a private insurance company approached us with an endowment insurance policy that offered a cover of seven times the premium. It is by itself a good plan because it offers the option of a whole life cover as well as term cover and accidental death riders. But the five-year option that he was trying to sell is not eligible for any tax benefits and he was oblivious of the fact. When this was pointed out to a senior official, he mumbled that the company will soon be conducting training sessions on the changes in the rules.The budget has very clearly stated that policies issued after 1 April must meet the 10 times criteria to claim the tax benefits. \"The Sec 80C tax deduction is not as important for insurance buyers as the Sec 10(10D) tax exemption,\" says V. Srinivasan, chief financial officer, Bharti AXA Life Insurance . For a buyer who is not aware of the 10 times norm, there may be a rude shock waiting when the policy matures or when his nominee gets the insured amount after his death.To ensure that companies don't design products to circumvent the rules, the budget has clarified that the cover shall not include bonuses and other payments made by the company. Only the basic cover will be taken into account. The budget has also mentioned that the cover should remain at least 10 times throughout the tenure of the policy. This means that plans in which the cover comes down from the second year onwards will also not make the cut. If you are planning to invest in a life insurance policy, make sure it complies with the new eligibility norms for tax benefits. The base cover offered by the policy should be at least 10 times the annual premium. For instance, if the premium is 12,000 a year, then the cover should be at least 1.2 lakh.Two weeks back, Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee had asked the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority to take strict action against companies that are mis-selling insurance. The truth is, companies don't missell-their agents and advisers do. The problem is that companies don't actively discourage the mis-selling and errant agents usually get away with a mild rap on the knuckles . Insurers will have to take stricter action against mis-selling . If they do not take corrective measures now, in a few years Irda will be inundated with mis-selling complaints from taxpayers who have been denied tax deduction and exemption on their investments in life insurance.What to check before you buyThe cover should be at least 10 times the annual premium of the policy. The life cover should not fall below the 10 times level even in subsequent years. The sum assured should only be the basic cover and should not include bonuses and other payments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12830512", "title": "82 Goan varieties of mangoes: Indian council of agricultural research", "text": "PANAJI: Indian council of agricultural research (ICAR) complex at Old Goa has identified 82 Goan varieties of mangoes and evaluated them for their commercial value.\"We have about 82 Goan varieties in our germ plasm bank,\" A R Desai, senior scientist, ICAR's horticulture section said. Explaining further, he said ICAR has a list of 77 varieties, but among these, especially Mancurado and Hilario, there are different varieties and with their inclusion the list is 82-strong.Goa is believed to have about 100 varieties of mangoes, some of which may have been lost. ICAR, Old Goa, is also maintaining germ plasm of other mango varieties from different parts of the country.\"This collection is for conservation of the wealth of mango germa plasma and we are evaluating it from commercial point of view,\" Desai explained.The varieties with potential for commercial use are multiplied. \"If any farmers ask for the specific varieties, we give them to the farmers,\" he said.Mancurado and Hilario are major commercial varieties. \"There also other varieties such as Jesuit and Toranja. Monserrate is preferred for making jam and Karel is a pickling variety,\" Desai said.The delicious, pulpy Cardozo Mancurad variety growing on a tree in the Cardozo family compound in Mapusa is found to be a superior variety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12830188", "title": "Plant a sapling to celebrate b'days", "text": "DHARWAD: The Parisara Samiti ( Environment Committee) of Dharwad has come out with a new concept of spreading awareness about protection of environment. The idea is to plant saplings to mark the celebration of marriage, birth anniversary, festival and other ceremonies. The Samiti members, on request, will visit the house of those celebrating the special occasions. They will carry the sapling, tree guard and other materials required for digging the pit and plant the sapling in the premises.Those desirous of having the sapling planted should become the member of the campaign by paying Rs 1,750.The Samiti members launched the campaign on Friday at the Michigan Compound in Dharwad by planting the sapling in the premises of resident Gopal Kulkarni, who was celebrating his son's birthday.President of Dharwad Parisara Samiti A S Balasubrahmanya said the campaign will help maintain greenery in the city where trees are being felled to widen the roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12830719", "title": "Adopted kids meet to celebrate with families", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Three years ago, Gayathri wept the whole night when she learnt that she was an adopted child. She is now 15 years old. On Sunday she came with her parents for the annual adoptive families' meet of southern region which was jointly organized by the Kerala adoptive families organization ( KAFO) and social welfare department.Sitting beside her parents, Gayathri Bhuvanendran said she is the luckiest child on earth. \"I vividly remember that night. The next day at school, I told my friend Amrita that I was an adopted child. She hugged me hard and told me I was lucky to have a wonderful family,\" beamed Gayathri.Gayathri's parents adopted her when she was just 11-months-old and three years later her mother gave birth to a baby girl Gangothri. She was all excited about being at the event. \"These meetings are fun. We dance, sing, paint and play games whenever we get together,\" said Gayathri firmly clutching her sister's hand.\"I don't think about my biological parents. I could have been abandoned for many reasons. Maybe I was born out of a wedlock or maybe they weren't fit enough to raise me. Right now I have a great life,\" she smiled.Even parents look forward to the annual meets and the local monthly meets in the city. \"We get to share our happiness, woes and worries. The counselling sessions are useful. Technical issues regarding adoption like birth certificates et al are discussed during these meets,\" said Lathika Sudarshan from Nanthancode, a proud mother of 13-year-old Anakha.\"I never told Anakha that she was adopted. But after a dance performance for a meet like this, she told me, Mother, all these years I thought I was dancing for the adopted children but today I realized I am one among them. She took it coolly. We have always been a happy family. Her cousins are crazy about her,\" says Lathika. Most of the parents go for daughters during adoption. \"Most parents are anxious as to how a boy child would react to the truth and besides, sons tend to abandon their parents when they grow up,\" said B S Latika, a high school teacher from Kollam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12829845", "title": "Delhi Metro Rail Corporation's proposal to maintain Jaipur Metro may not be accepted", "text": "JAIPUR: The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation's (DMRC) proposal of operating and maintaining of the Jaipur Metro for one year after completion of the project may not be accepted by the Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation (JMRC). To operate the Jaipur Metro under the surveillance of experts, the DMRC has proposed that JMRC should take over after one year when the new staff is well-versed with the operations and maintenance.However, JMRC chief managing director N C Goyal says, \"We are confident of handling operation and maintenance from day one. As some day we have to take the responsibility, it's better to take it from the start.\" He added, \"The option of DMRC assistance and expertise is always available.\"The JMRC officials also claimed that as the Jaipur Metro Phase-II will be operated on Public Private Partnership (PPP) mode, the option to hand over the operation and maintenance of Phase-I to the private firm is also available.DMRC claims that the proposal has been made as there is an agreement in the provision. \"Even after the Jaipur Metro starts rolling, the DMRC will continue to complete the remaining work at the sites. Under such circumstances it's difficult to coordinate with another firm and carry out work,\" said Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), project director, Lalit Meghnani.The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), being the nodal agency for the project, will start training the train drivers, station managers, ticket sellers and other support staff once the government recruits them for Jaipur Metro train project. \"To implement theoretical training on Jaipur Metro route, it's necessary that staff should work under experts as they will learn better to overcome technical problems or any other glitches,\" added Meghnani. DMRC claims that similar method has been adopted in Bangalore Metro.Meanwhile, JMRC is still waiting for the finance department' approval to start the process of recruiting. According to JMRC official sources, the proposal to recruit 471 technical and non-technical staff members was sent to finance department a month ago. Sources also said the process has been delayed because of the approval.Meghnani said, \"It takes a maximum of six months for different kinds of training. Even after training is started in September, it will be completed on time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12829215", "title": "Kerala entrance begins today", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala engineering and medical entrance examination will begin on Monday at 307 centres within and outside the state. The examination, which will begin with the engineering phase on April 23-24 will be followed by medical phase on April 25-26.About 1.33 lakh students are scheduled to appear for the engineering/medical entrance examinations to be held in 304 centres in Kerala, two centres in New Delhi and one in Dubai.\"We have deployed about 9,000 personnel from the department of education which is inclusive of 6,750 school teachers who have been given invigilation duty,\" said B S Mavoji, Commissioner for Entrance Examinations (CEE) told TOI. An observer and the CEE representative will be present at every venue to monitor the conduct of the examination.While 1,12,985 applicants will take the engineering entrance examinations, 85,808 students are writing the medical stream and 65,315 candidates will be writing both the entrance examinations.\"The results will be announced by May 25 and the entrance rank list with 'normalized' scores of candidates will be published by the third week of June,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12828935", "title": "Dalit body wants sops for sweepers", "text": "GUWAHATI: The representatives of Harijan Sewak Sangh, in a meeting on Sunday, demanded BPL cards, permanent housing facilities and reservations for manual scavengers ( sweepers) in different departments.MLA Robin Bordoloi, East Guwahati constituency, who was present at the meeting, said, \"Dalits form a very important part of society and we have to appreciate their contribution to our civilization.\"Vivekananda Doloi, member of the committee said, \"Dalits are one of the 16 sub-castes of the schedule castes and we want to uplift their economic status\".\"A survey to identify the number of Dalits working as manual scavengers has started. Based on the report, incentives would be provided. A special scheme to distribute sewing machines to the harijan women has also been initiated and an exclusive colony would be set up for the clan.\" he added.Pradip Basfor one of the representatives said, \"We would not say that we have not received any benefits from the government, but we want the government to restart the survey on manual scavengers again, also we want permanent housing facilities for those living in the Dalit colonies.\"\"It often happens that some construction work starts in our colony and we are asked to vacate our houses. We want permanent homes for those living in the Dalit colonies. Besides, Dalit workers who lose their lives while working under hazardous conditions should get proper compensation.\" he said.\"The government should ask the district collectors to start issuing BPL cards to the Dalits as soon as possible.\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12834025", "title": "Shwetha Menon is expecting", "text": "Shwetha Menon is expecting her first child in September this year.The glamour actress married Kerala-based Sreevalsan Menon on June 18th last year and has been acting even after marriage. The good news from her is that the couple is expecting their first born this year.Shwetha is extremely happy over this. The actress, it may be mentioned here, participated in the Miss India Contest at the time Sushmita Sen and Aishwarya Rai also participated. Shwetha was placed third in this contest with Sush and Ash taking the first and second positions respectively.The actress said that she will continue acting after the child birth as it remains her passion and first love.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12834341", "title": "University of Glasgow: College internship scholarships", "text": "The Graduate School of the College of Arts, University of Glasgow, announces up to nine new College Internship Scholarships for PhD students registering in 2012/13, providing a fee waiver at Home/EU rate and a \u00a36000 internship stipend per annum.Eligibility: The College Internship Scholarships are for Home/EU/international students commencing PhD study in the College of Arts in 2012/13. International applicants should note that the fee waiver is for the Home/EU rate (\u00a33828 per annum in 2012/13). The international fee for PhD study is \u00a312,250 per annum.In order to be considered for a College Internship Scholarship, you must have been offered a place on a PhD programme within the College of Arts, and must be commencing study in 2012/13. Students commencing other programmes of research (eg MRes, MLitt, MPhil) are not eligible.You must not be holding another full scholarship for the 2012/13 academic session, but those in receipt of partial scholarships may apply.How to apply: All students commencing PhD study in 2012/13 wishing to be considered for an internship scholarship should read the internship information available at www.glasgow.ac.uk/colleges/arts/graduateschool/funding/collegeinternshipscholarships201213The Internship Scholarship form, with full instructions, can be downloaded from www.gla.ac.uk/media/media_229147_en.doc. Students commencing study in 2012/13, who have already submitted an application for scholarships, may wish to submit an additional application to this new scheme.Applications are ranked by school committees and then considered by the College Scholarships Committee. The scholarship covers the payment of annual fees directly to the university, at the Home/EU rate, up to three years' full-time, pro rata (5 years) part-time. The scholarship provides an internship bursary of \u00a36,000 per annum, up to three years full-time, pro rata (5 years) part-time.Deadline: Scholarship applications must be submitted by April 30. Only applications which have been fully processed and students offered admission to PhD study on a conditional or unconditional basis will be considered for a scholarship. Applicants should expect to hear about the outcome of the competition by early June. Internship Opportunities: The College of Arts operates three doctoral internship scholarship schemes - College Teaching Internship Scholarship, College Research Internship Scholarship and College Administration Internship Scholarship. Students awarded an Internship Scholarship are expected to undertake an average of three hours' work experience per week. Over the life time of their award, students may be asked to occupy different internship schemes. For more details, visit http://www.gla.ac.uk/colleges/arts/", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12830172", "title": "Stray cattle causes accident in city roads", "text": "VADODARA: Trouble seems to have increased for those commuting on city roads these days. If stray dogs were not enough to cause accidents, now stray cattle too have started attacking citizens. In the last 11 days, three incidents of stray cows attacking commuters have been registered. In two of these cases, one citizen died while others suffered grievous injuries and had to be admitted to hospital. On Friday night, a police constable became victim of a stray cow in Gendigate area while on way to join duty.Praveen Bariya, 35, who is posted in taluka police, was attacked by a stray cow when he was travelling on his motorbike. He fell on the road and suffered injuries. The cow also attacked another person travelling on a bike in the same area. Despite several efforts made by city police, Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) and citizens, the stray cattle menace continues to cause problems for commuters.\"We have decided to register offence against the owner of the cattle that attacks citizens. The cattle party is doing its job by picking up stray cattle moving on city roads but the onus of reducing the menace lies on VMC,\" said city police commissioner Satish Sharma. The police have registered an offence under IPC section 304 against the owner of the cow that killed Haji Ismail Dhobhi and injured many others in Juni Ghadi area on April 10. The cow died later but the owner is yet to be identified.Two days later on April 12, another stray cow attacked three persons in Chhipwad area. Despite the VMC carrying out regular operations to impound stray cattle, cows and buffaloes are seen roaming on the city roads regularly.Drive was restarted last yearVadodara: City police commissioner Satish Sharma had restarted the drive to detain stray cattle from city roads in July last year. Concerned over the stray cattle moving freely on city roads, Sharma has asked the police department to impound them.He had initiated a plan to curb the stray cattle menace in the city as it posed danger to commuters. He had said that there would be a surprise element in the drive. Earlier, the police teams used to raid particular areas on fixed days. Sharma authorized the cops to impound stray cattle from any area on any day.Sharma had also sought help of municipal commissioner for the stepping up the drive. Though, removing stray cattle from roads was primarily the responsibility of Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC), the police department lent helping hand in terms of manpower and security. Sharma had also requested VMC to provide more vehicles for picking up stray cattle. Also, arrangements were made for shifting impounded cattle from city cattle pounds to those in the outskirts of the city. Though the cattle party has been picking up stray cattle regularly, it hasn't helped much.A city-based group Vadodara Initiative had taken up the issue of stray cattle several years ago with the help of VMC and district collector. Under the project, all cattle owners were to be shifted out of the city along with their livestock. Construction of sheds had begun in Dena village. But, the project got derailed midway as the Bharwad community refused to shift out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12830838", "title": "12-year-old falls from tree, dies", "text": "NAGPUR: A 12-year-old boy succumbed to his injuries sustained on Saturday after falling from a tree in the Koradi pump house premises. Rahul Kosre was declared dead at the Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital in the early hours of Sunday.Sources said Rahul had climbed an Ashoka tree to pluck some leaves from the top branches on Saturday morning. Working to support his family, Rahul helped a flower vendor in the Koradi temple premises for a meagre pay. Rahul had gone to collect leaves for the shop where he worked.While breaking the leaves, Rahul lost his balance. He came crashing on the ground causing internal injuries. Rahul was taken to hospital but he failed to recover. Koradi police registered a case of accidental death.In a separate incident, a 17-year-old girl died after sustaining internal injuries following a fall at her residence at Khalasi Line on April 19. Shubhangi Madavi was declared dead on Sunday at the IGGMCH.It was learnt that Shubhangi had fallen down after being affected by an epileptic fit. She had been undergoing treatment for the ailment. Sadar police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12828775", "title": "Ulfa hardliners' video message for Rajkhowa", "text": "GUWAHATI: Pushed to the wall with most cadres joining peace talks with the government, the Paresh Baruah-led Ulfa hardliners on Sunday launched an apparent psychological game by uploading videos propagating its cause and a recitation asking Arabinda Rajkhowa to pull out of the peace process on a popular internet site. The visuals in the two songs show Paresh Baruah mingling with his cadres in the group's known base in Myanmar . The videos also show the group's armoury.The recitation is an appeal to Rajkhowa \"not to commit the mistake (of joining the peace process), which \"Prafulla (Mahanta) and Bhrigu (Phukan) had started.\" The video aims to remind Rajkhowa that it was under his orders that Ulfa cadres have sacrificed their lives to join the outfit and he could not let them down at this juntcure.\"This is nothing but a psychological gimmick Paresh Baruah wants to play,\" a security source said. \"The video clips appear to be professionally handled going by the quality of the editing and audio,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12829556", "title": "Eyeing higher survival rate, 30L saplings to be planted in one week", "text": "INDORE: With a new concept of time management and increasing the survival rate of saplings, the forest department this time plans to rope in youngsters residing in forest areas to plant about 30 lakh saplings in just one week just ahead of monsoon in Indore range.In the massive drive, around 55 species of saplings are expected to be planted on 3,864.90 hectare of forest land beginning from the first week of June in Indore, Dhar, Jhabua and Alirajpur districts, said a forest department official.\"We are identifying and training three to four youths in every area who will work along with forest guards and range officers,\" said chief conservator of forest (CCF) P C Dubey adding that the youngsters would be paid for their service. He stressed that this was for the first time when the department was trying to plant such a huge number of plants in a short span of one week under its new 'lean management' concept. The concept aims to minimise the time spent for plantation and maximise the utilisation of rain water for increasing survival rate of the saplings.Earlier, the sapling plantation drive used to run into 40 to 45 days. This time, the forest department is trying to involve youngsters and members of forest committees to complete the plantation task fast. Last year, the department had planted around 22 lakh saplings with a survival rate of 50%. With the lean management concept, the department is expecting to increase the survival rate of plants up to 80%.\"The move is aimed at bringing each sapling under maximum monsoon cover and it will increase the survival rate of the plants,\" said Dubey adding that the rainfall was very important for plantation that was why planting was to be done before the monsoon. But till now, the time taken for plantation was so long that the saplings planted late got very less rain and had reduced chances of survival.\"By minimising the time of plantation, we can make better use of rainwater. More rain water for plants mean better chances of survival,\" said Dubey adding that department was conducting training and workshops for youngsters, members of forest committees and lower level forest officials to implement its new lean management concept. Youngsters and officials are being trained to ensure availability of saplings at plantation site on time, make arrangement for adequate workers and monitor if proper method of plantation is followed.Under the drive, only 449 hectares of land in Alirajpur will be covered which is the lowest while Dhar will have a maximum of over 1,425 hectare in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "12830064", "title": "Sand mining continues near Andhra-Maharashtra border", "text": "NIZAMABAD: Contractors have hit upon a new way to quarry sand following the high court stay on sand digging in the state. After obtaining lease permits to dig sand from Manjeera River in the neighbouring state of Maharashtra, the contractors have started excavating sand illegally in AP limits also.Previously, the mines and geology department officials used to charge Maharashtra sand contractors for digging sand in AP limits. Now, they are faced with a new challenge since contractors from AP have started mining sand in the district border though there is a stay on sand mining. Sources said using the lease permits from Maharashtra to their advantage the contractors have started digging sand from the river in the district border.K Yadagiri, assistant director, mines and geology, said the contractors were digging sand illegally. \"We have stopped sand mining at some places but the contractors continue to take out sand in the night,\" he said. Sources said the contractors were allowed a free run by the officials who reportedly take huge bribes. \"They demand Rs 5 lakh from each quarry besides Rs 10 lakh goodwill amount on all the quarries,\" a contractor said. Sources said district collector D Vara Prasad recently wrote a letter to his Nanded counterpart Srikar Paradeshi complaining against illegal sand mining. Prasad urged the Maharashtra authorities to act tough on the illegal sand mining at their border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12828933", "title": "BEd entrance exam today", "text": "KANPUR: The Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University is set to organize the joint BEd entrance examination on Monday. It would be held at 60 centres in the city.The examination would be held in two shifts from 8am to 11am and 1pm to 4pm. Around 35,354 students would be appearing in it.This year, Dr Ram Manohar Lohia University, Faizabad has been entrusted with the responsibility of conducting the examination. The Faizabad University had roped in six other state universities for conducting the exam. Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University, Kanpur, is of them.Tight security arrangements have been made. A large police force comprising eight circle officers, 40 inspectors, one hundred sub-inspectors and 150 constables will be on duty. This arrangement has been made to ensure that the examination is conducted peacefully.This year, 3.49 lakh students from across the state have registered themselves. Last year, the strength was 5.74 lakh. It means, this year there is a dip of 2.25 lakh students. The decrease in the number of students is due to wrong filling of the application forms and rejection thereafter, said a senior official of CSMU.The decline in the number of students is because of lack of interest in becoming teachers, for which BEd is necessary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12829957", "title": "Edutainment for kids this summer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Children will have a wide range of science-based activities which aim to teach them with fun during this summer vacation. Gujarat Science City and Vikram A Sarabhai Community Science Center (VASCSC) have packed calendar for children with these activities.\"A special vacation training programme on bio-resources of the state has already been underway. That apart, we've activities planned for kids from class I to XII. We have hands-on projects, fun activities introducing children to various facets of science such as physics, chemistry, biology, maths, electronics and astronomy,\" said Narottam Sahoo, senior scientist, Science City.Science City has organized 15 hands-on workshops and 30 activities along with demonstrations, group projects and field studies.At VASCSC, various batches have started from April 17 and will continue till June 9. \"We have tailor-made various activities on the basis of age groups and understanding level of the children. Our motive is to fuel the children's curiosity for the world around them and encourage them to explore it through a slew of projects. They will be taken for plant recognition and they will also make their own dyes and colour fabrics while working on a robot,\" said a VASCSC official.For a fun-filled vacationSome of the activities planned by the organizations include airplane and rocket models, origami, astronomy, fun ways to learn mathematics, IMAX 3D movies, experiments in chemistry, electricity, magnetism and optics, field visits to parks and zoo, bird watching, puzzle solving, photography, computer programming, meeting with eminent scientists and preparing gifts such as boomerang and kaleidoscope amongst others. Full schedule of programmes is available on the organizations' websites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12829466", "title": "National award winning film 'The Dirty Picture' can't have national screening: Karan Johar", "text": "NEW DELHI: It turned out to be The Dirty Picture that never was. Aggressive promotion over the last one month by Sony TV fell flat on Sunday after the government issued a notice to the channel to refrain from screening the film during daytime hours. Sony was scheduled to telecast the film at noon and 8pm.The film, which fetched a National award for Vidya Balan, was considered too risque to be telecast before 11pm despite being given U/A certification and 59 cuts by the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC).The move was met with considerable criticism with image guru Dilip Cherian saying it was the government's way of sending a message to the film industry, cable, TV industry and the public that it controls what people watch.Director-producer Karan Johar tweeted, \"A national award winning film cannot have a national screening. This is nothing but hypocrisy.\"Sources said that the I&B; ministry wrote to Sony TV on April 21, telling the channel to refrain from telecasting the film during daytime hours. However, if Sony TV considered telecasting the film, it should do so after 11 pm.CBFC had advised that the film should be shown late at night when most parents are available to suitably guide their children, said sources.In its letter to Sony TV, the ministry said the U/A certification mandated that parents/guardians would decide if the film was suitable for children below 12 years. The letter also added, \"Programmes unsuitable for children must not be carried in the cable service at times when the largest numbers of children are viewing.\"When contacted, Sony TV said no spokesperson was available for comment. The channel ran a ticker saying, \"For unavoidable reasons we regret to inform that the film 'The Dirty Picture' will not be telecast on Sunday. Any inconvenience caused is deeply regretted.\"\"Really unfortunate that after all the necessary cuts and a valid U/A certificate, The Dirty Picture could not be telecast today on Sony TV,\" Tusshar Kapoor, one of the film's actors tweeted. \"In light of recent events that exposed the dark side of Bollywood, 'The Dirty Picture' was well timed as it depicts a similar harsh reality! Sad that inspite of being acclaimed for it's entertaining realism &amp; having won 3 National Awards, the regulatory forces have stalled the show,\" he posted.Cherian, who has served two terms on the censor board said the ministry had succeeded in undermining the respect that should have been given to the board's decision. \"I don't think it's any ministry's job to act as a policeman. Instead, we should try and strengthen our institutions,\" he added.On April 19, a lawyer had filed a plea with the Nagpur bench of the Bombay High Court seeking a restriction order on a TV channel from airing the movie. The court issued notices to the I&B; ministry and CBFC to file a reply by April 20.The court on Saturday allowed Sony and others to go ahead with the scheduled telecast after the respondents informed the court that the CBFC had cleared the film after 56 cuts, 36 of which were cut by the film producer and 22 others as suggested by the Board.A division bench of Justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Ashok Bhangale denied any interim relief to the city lawyer who had filed the petition seeking a ban on the ground that there were obscene shots in the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "12830846", "title": "Rising water level in Satluj damages wheat crop in 600 acres", "text": "FEROZEPUR: Nearly 600 acres of standing wheat crop in the district has been damaged due to sudden rise in the level of Satluj river, downstream Harike headworks.Agricultural land in more than 10 villages, most of them situated along the river close to India-Pakistan border, have been inundated by the overflowing Satluj, though no loss to life has been reported so far.Satluj water has entered the fields, destroying standing wheat crop in villages including Dhira Gaira, Muthianwali, Nihala Lavela, Balla Megha, Maste Ke, Kale Ke Hithar, Bandala, Kutabdin Wala and Basti Ramlal.Farmers of these villages, who have not yet recovered from the devastation caused by floods in Satluj in August last year, have thus to again face the fury of river due to sudden discharge of water from Harike headworks by the irrigation department.The affected farmers alleged that water level in Satluj in these villages was steadily rising for the last few days.It may be mentioned here that a few years back, the state government had allotted thousands of acres of land falling within the embankments of Satluj in Ferozepur and Moga districts to farmers, who were tilling it for the past many decades.Asked about reasons for sudden rise in the water levels, Balwinder Singh, executive engineer, Harike headworks, said that due to closure of Bikaner canal for some repair work, supply of water to the canal had been snapped from Mallanwala feeder. To keep the required level of water at Harike headworks, nearly 4,000 cusecs of water per day was being released downstream Harike headworks in Satluj, added Singh.\"Closure of Bikaner canal was for a period of 40 days, but it will remain in effect for another 30 days,\" he said.On the other hand, Dr S Karuna Raju, deputy commissioner, Ferozepur, said there was some damage to the barrage gate, which has led to release of nearly 5,000 cusecs of water downstream.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12830301", "title": "Hooda to flag off seven new projects in Rohtak today", "text": "GURGAON: Despite reports of economic slowdown, the Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda is all set to inaugurate or lay the foundation stone of seven major industrial projects in Rohtak on Monday. The projects are estimated to bring Rs 3,580 crore investment to the upcoming industrial township.With this, Rohtak IMT is being seen as the second most promising industrial township in the state. So far, Haryana has received five industrial project proposals entailing the investment of Rs 3,000 crore, at Rohtak, which is set to become the new industrial hub.Some of the prominent projects include Maruti Suzuki, Suzuki Motorcycles, Amul Dairy. The industrial township is being developed by the Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation (HSIIDC). Rohtak is likely to be a business hotspot since the government has been trying hard to take investment outside Gurgaon and its adjoining areas.Officials claimed that the improved connectivity including the making of NH-1 from Delhi four-lane will make it more attractive for overseas and domestic investors. The city also has good education institutions and better healthcare facilities.On Monday, Hooda will lay the foundation stones of Maruti Suzuki India Ltd, Suzuki Motorcycle India Private Limited, Nippon Carbide, Sabarkantha Cooperative - a unit of Amul Dairy, Lakshmi Precision Screws Ltd and Aisin Automotive Haryana Pvt Ltd. Hooda will also inaugurate the second plant of M/s Asian Paints Limited and a blending and bottling plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12830893", "title": "Nagpur University management council members demand emergency meet on paper leak", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after TOI exposed the leaked computer application paper of final year BCom at Nagpur University, management council member Dinesh Agrawal has dispatched a letter to Sapkal to convene an emergency meeting of NU's highest body to take stock of the situation. Various students organizations also plan to meet vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal and demand an enquiry and a police complaint.Agrawal has also forwarded a copy of his letter to secretary of chancellor K Sankaranarayanan so that NU administration doesn't \"sweep the issue under the carpet to save itself and the guilty\".Citing the TOI report, Agrawal criticised commerce dean Bharat Meghe for saying that NU will not take any action since no complaint was filed by students or parents. \"In my opinion, it is an irresponsible statement, which tarnishes the fair conduct of examination by NU,\" he mentioned in the letter, a copy of which is with TOI.Agreeing with Agrawal's views, management council member Mahindra Nimbarte demanded filing of an FIR and rescheduling of the paper. \"I've compared the questions in the leaked and original papers, and they confirm a big racket is at work. This is perhaps the biggest leak after the infamous Kohchade scam. This may have been going on for years, but came to fore now. Therefore, a high-level probe must be initiated along with a police complaint,\" he said.Nimbarte had received an email with the leaked paper on Friday night itself at around 10.28pm. He added that the commerce dean can't shirk responsibility as he is occupying a high post.Senate member Gurudas Kamdi raised doubts over NU administration's reluctance to lodge an FIR. \"If the NU officials, including dean, had received emails about 12 hours earlier, what they were doing? It's surprising that the NU bosses are denying the leak even after a management council member and a commerce dean are accepting that they received emails on Friday night.\" He called for immediate rescheduling of the paper, as many students might have got the leaked paper.Yashodhan Waghmare of Vidyapeeth Vidyarthi Sangram Parishad said they would take a delegation to VC's office and request him for a through enquiry. \"We will also ask him to conduct re-exam to give fair chance to all students. The exam section style of working is not full-proof and we had raised this issue many times. Even flying squads are for namesake only, and therefore such leaks happen regularly but don't get detected,\" he said, warning of an agitation if NU fails to punish the guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12829863", "title": "Woman accuses parents of forced abortion", "text": "JAIPUR: A married woman, who was living with her parents, has alleged that her mother; father and her aunt forced her to abort the twins in her womb. The woman has also implicated the directors of the nursing home for the alleged conspiracy in a legal complaint lodged at Sadar police station.In her Istegasa complaint (legal complaint) sent to Sadar police station on Saturday, the victim Susheela Verma (age not known) stated that she married one Mukesh Jajaria a year back. Since it was a love marriage her parents were not happy with the alliance.Speaking to TOI on Sunday, circle inspector Manoj Gupta said, \"On February 16, the parents of the woman took her to a private nursing home since she was pregnant. She alleged that after initial tests her father Lal Chand, mother Badam Devi, and her aunt Koili Devi took her to Kiran nursing home on April 6 and got her abortion done.\"Gupta added that the woman had gone missing earlier this year and a missing report was lodged at Bagru police station.\"When she was found, the state high court had directed that the girl stay with her parents. Though she had by then accepted that she had a love marriage with one Mukesh Jajaria, the court asked police to give the girl to the parents,\" Gupta said.Even for the Sadar police it is a mysterious case as they are awaiting arrival of the complainant and her parents.\"It is not known if the woman is minor or adult. Nothing can be said before her arrival,\" Gupta added.Asked if the twins in her womb were girls which prompted the parents for termination of her pregnancy, Gupta said, \"It is under investigation and would be clarified only when the complainant approaches us with her medical documents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12833693", "title": "No fallout due to expulsion of Muslim leader, Anna Hazare says", "text": "NEW DELHI: As fresh cracks appeared in Team Anna after the expulsion of a Muslim leader, Anna Hazare on Monday said there is no rift in the group over the \"leakage\" of information or yoga guru Ramdev.In his first reaction after the expulsion of Mufti Shameem Kazmi after he was allegedly found recording the proceedings of core committee meeting in Noida, Hazare said that there is no fallout over the issue.\"There is no rift. What rift are you talking about? A team member who leaked information yesterday, there was a problem. People in our team had asked why he did so. So he said he would not come back,\" he told reporters.\"If there was a rift, they would have been fighting and there is no fallout,\" Hazare said.Kazmi has claimed he quit the camp as the group was turning anti-Muslim.Hazare also said there were no differences in the team over the participation of Ramdev in the anti-corruption movement.\"Right now, for over a month, I will tour Maharashtra. He has our support in his campaign against black money and we have his support on Jan Lokpal. We are all fighting together on tackling corruption,\" he said.He said during the all-India tour, he and Ramdev will share stage wherever they meet. However, he said, there will be no joint tour.His comments came amid growing unease in Team Anna over the \"one-up manship\" of Ramdev, with whom they had stitched an alliance to fight for the cause.There were discussions on Team Anna's association with Ramdev, whom a section of the activists' believe has a \"credibility crisis\" due to allegations levelled against the yoga guru.At the meeting on Sunday, it was reiterated that there will not be a joint campaign with Ramdev but the two sides will extend support to each other in the fight against corruption.Team Anna member and lawyer Prashant Bhushan said, \"We have begun a movement against corruption and on that pretext, Ramdev supports us but we have no common platform or any consensus.\"We do have a consensus regarding these issues and common concerns regarding the country,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12830090", "title": "Karnataka Public Service Commission exams for gazetted probationers' posts held", "text": "MYSORE: Over 25,000 candidates appeared for the examination to gazetted probationers' posts conducted by Karnataka Public Service Commission (KPSC) on Sunday.Thirteen squads were deployed to check malpractice. Four invigilators and one chief invigilator were deputed at each centre. The exams were held in two sessions -- between 10am and 12 noon, and between 2pm and 4pm.Exams in four placesCandidates from Mysore, Chamarajanagar, Hassan, Kodagu, Mandya and Chikmagalur districts, which come under Mysore division, appeared for the exams at 53 centres.Dharwad, Bangalore and Shimoga were the other three centres where the exams were conducted simultaneously. The exams passed off smoothly.There are 365 gazetted probationers' posts in different departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12830068", "title": "'Italian military prayed for slain fishermen'", "text": "Two Sundays back, when the world celebrated Easter, a special mass was simultaneously performed in all military chapels in Italy. The Italian defence forces prayed for the souls of Jelestine and Ajeesh Pinku, the two fishermen who were killed on February 15 .\"We are all sad for what happened on that ill-fated day,\" said Michele Girone, father of Salvatore Girone, one of the two Italian marines now in judicial custody at the Thiruvananthapuram central prison. In an interaction with the TOI, Michele said: \"As a father and as a son, I can understand the grief of the families of those killed.\"Michele Girone is in the city along with wife Maria, daughter-in-law Vania Girone, Franca Latorre, sister of Lattore Massimiliano - the second marine, and her nephew Christian Dadodario to visit the marines in the prison. Expressing sincere gratitude to the government of India and the prison authorities, they said they had never expected such a fair treatment to their beloved in the jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12831999", "title": "Power control", "text": "The faculty of engineering and technology at Jamia Millia Islamia , under its department of electrical engineering, will be offering an MTech course in control and instrumentation. The two-year programme to be launched from the new academic year will have a total intake of 18 students. According to Khalid Moin, dean, faculty of engineering and technology, the varsity was deliberating on a range of new courses that are in demand since last year. \"We have already taken an approval from the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) for the programme. Though we have various professional courses at all levels in electrical engineering, specialised courses are much in demand and help give a deeper insight into the subject,\" he says.On the rationale of the course, Moin says, \"Looking at the electrical power demand in the country, there is a need for specialised professionals in different sectors. Also, India has a potential power sector, which needs to be diversified and developed . This is possible when we have a large workforce of professionals dealing with problems at the smallest level.\" The power sector in the country is more of a public sector undertaking with the involvement of only a few private players. As for the future of the course, he says that with the kind of growing demand in the power sector, there will be no dearth of jobs.Students can get employment in government power grids, power plants, research projects, etc. Also, they can be part of government schemes to bring in alternative means of power supply in the rural and backward areas.Hands-on training is part of the curriculum. Students with a Bachelor's degree in electrical engineering, instrumentation, electronic or communications engineering with not less than 60% aggregate marks will be eligible to apply for the course. Also, students appearing for the exam will be entitled to GATE scholarships. Admissions will be through an entrance test, which will be held on JULY 7, followed by an interview Last date of receipt of completed application forms is APRIL 30 To download forms and for more details, log on to www.jmi.ac.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12831716", "title": "India-UK Roundtable", "text": "A roundtable was jointly organised by ministry of HRD and Ukieri recently to bring together key stakeholders working on the agenda of Innovation in India and the UK to discuss opportunities for collaboration and partnership through Ukieri. The roundtable was structured as a forum to share experiences and focus on specific steps that universities and government in India and UK could take in fostering innovations , specifically focusing on collaborations under Ukieri.The round table looked at establishing a working group of Indian and UK stakeholders around Innovation in higher education as envisaged in the 4India UK Education Forum. The group will continually explore opportunities to take this bilateral Innovation agenda forward. In skills development , ministers from India and UK in the last India UK Education Forum 2011 recognised the need to work further to address more areas on skill development programmes.Both sides agreed to develop new initiatives to integrate vocational training into the academic curriculum with real work environment embedded into modular competency-based courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12829170", "title": "Citizens' group urges cops to fine vehicles parked on pavements", "text": "PUNE: For the convenience and safety of pedestrians using footpaths, citizens' group Pedestrians First has urged the traffic police to take strict action against those parking two-wheelers on footpaths or on the zebra crossings.The group also said traffic signals should have a pedestrian phase and strict action should be taken against vehicle users violating traffic signals.Convenor of Pedestrians First Prashant Inamdar, in a letter to traffic police, has highlighted the shortcomings in pedestrians safety measures and called for active approach by traffic police in implementing the measures.Citing that vehicles are often seen parked at the entry or exit point of footpaths, and also on the road side, leaving no alternative for pedestrians, but to walk on the carriageway of the road, Inamdar said, \"Normally two-wheelers are seen moving on footpath. At junctions, two-wheelers use footpaths to bypass vehicles waiting at the signal, or on one-way roads against the traffic flow.\" Movement of pedestrians on roads also hinders smooth flow of vehicle, he said adding that at some places, two-wheelers, and even cars and heavy vehicles, are parked on footpaths.Footpaths are also seen used as dumping spot, with traffic barricades and even detained vehicles hogging pedestrian space. Parking should not be allowed on zebra crossings, a no-parking zone, Inamdar said.Traffic signal sequence should have suitable pedestrian crossing phase so that during each signal cycle, pedestrians get at least one opportunity to cross the road at any arm of the junction. The duration of pedestrian crossing phase should be such that even senior citizens can cross the road safely.Inamdar pointed out that many a time, traffic police direct vehicles to proceed even if there is a red signal when traffic from other direction ceases.\"This is a wrong practice as it gives the impression to vehicle users that signals are to be followed selectively depending on traffic density. The worst part is that this endangers the lives of pedestrians who may be crossing the road during the red phase for vehicles,'' he said.Vehicles parked in the vicinity of bus stops prevent buses from halting at the stops, the group said. This forces commuters to wait on the road, and those getting down from the buses to walk a good distance to reach the footpath.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic ) Vishwas Pandhre said the traffic police have been regularly taking action against parking on footpaths. A fine is imposed on motorists for parking on footpaths. The traffic police also have powers to impose higher fines up to Rs 1,000 for motorycycles and Rs 4,000 for four-wheelers as per the municipal laws. Recently, the traffic police have been directed to intensify its action and conduct special drives against parking on footpaths, he added.Traffic police officials said vehicle users have to strictly follow traffic rules for the safety of pedestrians. At many junctions, traffic signals have countdown timers indicating the signal phase. It is wrong on the part of vehicle users to drive vehicles before the start of the green signal, the officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12829268", "title": "Maoists want 8 men freed for Sukma collector", "text": "BHOPAL: The Maoists on Sunday released a set of demands for the release of Sukma district collector Alex Paul Menon, with a deadline of April 25. Their demands include release of eight hardcore Maoists from Chhattisgarh jails, suspension of anti-Maoist operations by the security forces in Bastar, and release of all \"innocent tribals\" in the jails of Jagdalpur and Dantewada.Journalists in south Bastar said they received phone calls from Vijay, secretary of the south Bastar regional committee of the Communist Party of India (Maoist), who claimed it was his cadres who \"arrested\" the district collector on April 21.The Maoists said the 32-year-old officer would be produced before a 'jan adalat', or peoples' court, which would decide his fate if their demands were not met by April 25. The Chhattisgarh government has scaled down all pro-active security operations in the jungles of Bastar to avoid provoking the Naxals to avoid provoking the rebels and to ensure safety of the abducted officer.In a pre-recorded statement to journalists, the Maoists said, \"We have arrested the district collector. We are demanding withdrawal of cases slapped against the people in connection with the case relating to attack on a Congress leader in Konta. We are also demanding release of Markam Gopanna alias Satyam Reddy, Nirmala Akka alias Vijay Lakshmi, Devpal Chandrasekhar Reddy, Shantipriya Reddy, Meena Choudhary, Korsa Sunny, Markam Sunny and Amit Kumar Sen.\"\"We are making all efforts to secure the release of the IAS officer . Efforts are being made to establish contact with the rebel group through various channels, including through Maoist sympathizers,\" said government spokesman and principal secretary N Baijendra Kumar.Alex Paul Menon, the first district collector of newly formed Sukma district, was abducted by Maoists from village Manjipara, near Kerlapal, where he was attending a kisan sabha (farmers meet) as a part of the Raman Singh government's outreach programme. The rebels had also gunned down two of his body guards who tried to resist the kidnapping.A retired Intelligence bureau official, who was earlier associated with anti-Naxalite operations, told TOI that initially the list of demands would be long for the Maoists to negotiate. During every hostage crisis in the past, at least half of the demands were met\", he said, adding that the rebels coming with their demands within 24 hours of the abduction was a \"good sign\".Meanwhile, local people in Sukma took out a 'peace march' to appeal to the Maoists to release the district collector on humanitarian grounds. Former MLA and Bastar Adivasi Mahasabha president Manish Kunjam told TOI that the Mahasabha had issued an appeal to the rebels not to harm the young officer. \"The tribals here are willing to go into the forests to meet the rebels,\" he added.Meanwhile, in a fresh appeal, Menon's wife Asha said the Maoists should release her husband saying that they were married only a few months ago and he had always worked for the people. She said Menon was asthmatic and was not carrying adequate medicines.\"I request the government and Naxals to understand that he is just left with two doses of medication,\" she said, adding that he would not be able to cope with a medical emergency.Asha said she was in touch with senior officials at the state and central levels and had talked to Union minister Jairam Ramesh and former Malkangiri collector Vineeil Krishna, who was abducted by Maoists a few months back in Odisha. Krishna asked her not to lose courage, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12830218", "title": "At last, BJP gets its Jai Andhra movement going", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fresh from its victory in the Mahbubnagar byelections, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), which had deferred its Jai Andhra movement so far, has now embarked on a massive campaign in the Seemandhra region to emphasize on the urgent need to bifurcate the state.Though the party planned to launch the Jai Andhra movement in December 2011, it had deferred it after finding the political situation in Seemandhra not conducive for such a move. Party leaders under the aegis of Andhra Udyama Committee have now begun distributing thousands of books and pamphlets at the constituency level in all coastal and Rayalseema areas to bring about an awareness among people on the need to stop depending on Hyderabad as their only destination and also highlight the benefits of having newer opportunities arising out of a huge coastline.Wondering why there should not be two Telugu-speaking states in the country when there were 10 Hindi-speaking states, BJP state president Kishan Reddy has said that their party stood by its commitment on smaller states, including carving out a separate Telangana, if the party returns to power at the Centre.\"Both the Congress and the TDP have backtracked on the statehood issue. The state needs to be divided immediately keeping in mind the administrative reasons. People are looking towards the BJP to take the Jai Andhra movement to greater heights. The ongoing campaign of \"Palle Palle ku BJP\" in Rayalaseema from April 16, which has proved to be a success, is a strong indicator of the shape of things to come,\" he said.Party state vice-president B Ranga Mohan Rao, who has taken up the responsibility of carrying forward the movement in Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram, Srikakulam and East Godavari districts, said they had successfully completed district-level meetings on the party's strategy. \"Our week-long campaign from April 1 has been a success. There is no opposition to the booklets and pamphlets being distributed. We are trying to rope in more intellectuals to take it forward. Currently, we are distributing booklets and pamphlets at the constituency level and will soon take up campaigning at the mandal and village level in the coming six months,\" he said.The party's Andhra Udyama Committee chairman Bathina Narasimha Rao said they were on a mission to enlighten people on the loss to the coastal region over the past 40 years. \"We have made a modest beginning and hope to build momentum soon. People have some doubts over river water sharing between both regions and also on the job prospects. We are asking people to think about the benefits a new state could get for the next generation in terms of employment opportunity and greater access to natural resources,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12829191", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation sets up water monitoring system", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has completed the first phase of installation of the Supervisory Control And Data Acquisition (SCADA) system which is being used for partial centralised monitoring of the water supply network.In the near future, the system will also help bring about equitable water supply to the PCMC areas.Pravin Ladkat, executive engineer, water supply department, PCMC, said the system has been set up at the two water treatment plants (WTP) at Nigdi. \"It helps monitor the amount of raw water drawn from the Pavana river and treatment of the raw water at the WTPs, as well as distribution of drinking water to various parts of the city.\"The department has set up benchmarks for the amount of raw water that can be drawn from the river, the amount of water treated at the WTPs and the amount of water distributed through the main pipelines and elevated storage reservoirs (ESR), he said.The PCMC draws 430 MLD (million litres per day) water from the Pavana river at the Ravet bund and after treatment, distributes it to the entire city. There are two main water treatment plants at Nigdi, from where there are two pipelines that supply water across the city. The civic body has constructed 59 ESRs at various places.As part of the system, the corporation has installed flow meters at the raw water pumping stations at Ravet, the WTPs at Nigdi, the main water pipelines and the 59 ESRs to know the amount of water coming to them and sent through them. If there is any deviation from the benchmarks then the official concerned is sent a message on his cell phone, after which he determines the reasons for the deviation and takes corrective action.The civic body has spent Rs 10.28 crore for installation of the equipment needed for the SCADA system which includes free operation and maintenance for the next two years. The civic body will give another Rs 2 crore to the contractor for operation and maintenance work for the next five years. As a result the total expenditure on the SCADA system will be around Rs 12 crore.In the second phase of SCADA, the civic body will be installing flow meters for 25 elevated storage reservoirs constructed as part of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission in the last five years. The second phase will be completed by November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12830877", "title": "Former Staff Selection Commission director among 16 booked for irregularities in police recruitment tests", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The CBI has booked former regional director of Staff Selection Commission (SSC), Haryana, Naveen Sehgal, and others for allegedly committing forgery, cheating and other irregularities during the written exams for sub-inspector level officer posts in central police organizations on Sunday.The written exam was held in Ambala district in September, 2011 and nine candidates were selected from one room of the examination centre. The test was conducted for the posts of sub-inspectors in CRPF, ITBP and other paramilitary forces.Four different teams of CBI have also conducted searches in the houses of nine candidates, who had cleared the written exam, in Bhiwani district and seized some valuables from their houses.Meanwhile, five other SSC officials and all the nine candidates were also booked in the case and an FIR registered for forgery and cheating and under the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988.DIG (CBI) Mahesh Aggarwal said that the investigation agency became suspicious about the SSC officials when it learned that nine candidates were selected from one room. During preliminary probe, the offences were established against Sehgal and others.Meanwhile, two candidates, who failed to clear the written exam, had also filed a written complaint with CBI in this regard.CBI sources said the appointment of nine candidates have already been stopped after intimating the central government about irregularities in the written examination. There were 24 candidates in one room and the nine successful candidates were sitting in one row during the written exam.A senior CBI official said that Sehgal, currently appointed with audit department of Haryana, will be questioned shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12829398", "title": "'People's court' will decide Hikaka's fate", "text": "With abducted Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka in Maoist captivity for over a month, all eyes are now on the rebels' 'praja court', slated for April 25 in Narayanpatna area of Koraput, to decide the legislator's fate.The government has announced to free 25 prisoners in exchange for the MLA. Of those, the government would withdraw cases against 13, including five Maoists and eight activists of the Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12830535", "title": "IPS officers slam lateral entry into police services from armed forces", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Centre's decision to recruit armed forces personnel to the IPS through a special examination has raised the hackles of senior police officers, who see it as a move to dilute the quality of the elite police service and also acting against the interests of various states including Odisha.Indian Police Service recruitments are conducted through a competitive examination by the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) and promotion of state police service officers. While two-thirds of the vacancies are filled via direct recruitment, the remaining is supposed to be filled up through the State Promotion Quota (SPQ). Last year, the Centre, with a view to overcome shortage of IPS officers and inadequate training facilities, decided to introduce a third method of recruitment by holding a 'Limited Competitive Examination (LCE)', in which only assistant commandants of central paramilitary forces (CPMF), captain and major or equivalent rank officers of defence services and deputy superintendent of police (DSP) of state police service with five years' experience and aged 35 years or less can appear. The examination is scheduled on May 20, but a host of police associations in states like Kerala, Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Delhi and Odisha have moved court against it.The new method, some IPS officers say, would greatly hinder recruitment to IPS from Odisha. \"There being no direct recruitment of DSPs (stopped since 1976) in Odisha, there is no scope for recruitment from the state police into IPS through LCE. By the time sub-inspectors in the state reach the rank of DSP, they invariably cross the age of 35, which means they would never be eligible to appear for LCE,\" a senior cop pointed out.Moreover, from states like Odisha, the number of personnel in Army, Navy and Air Force in the rank of captain/major or equivalent and assistant commandants in CPMF (BSF, CRPF, CISF, SSB and ITBP) is very few. Consequently, Odisha would be deprived of having IPS officers through LCE route, pointed out a SP rank officer.Added to this, in the two other modes of recruitment into IPS, i.e., direct recruitment through UPSC and SPQ, Odisha is also faring poorly. All 57 IPS posts supposed to be filled up through SPQ are currently vacant because no one from the state police is eligible, while the number of Odisha-cadre IPS officers, who are natives of the state since the past four years, is only four. \"Such a situation would lead to negligible representation of Odisha in IPS,\" a cop said.IPS officers feel the new method will also work against women , minorities, SC and ST communities because their representation in CPMF and defence forces is very less, especially at the mid-level officers' ranks. \"Women's representation in CPMF is almost nil. There being no reservation in defence services, candidates from SC, ST or minority categories are also comparatively much less. This would mean shutting the doors on such categories to appear for LCE,\" a cop said.IPS officers, requesting anonymity, said the Centre went ahead with its decision on LCE ignoring opinions of several states to the contrary and also without consulting UPSC. \"Not consulting UPSC amounts to violation of Article 320 of the Constitution. The Centre has also not considered the commission's objections,\" a cop said, adding, \"There are several other prudent ways to tackle officers' shortage like enhancement of the size of batches of regular recruits, short term deputation of officers from paramilitary forces and offering certain posts like additional SP (operation) to CPMF/ defence personnel like it is being done in some states.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12831461", "title": "Pay fine for want of parking lots", "text": "PATNA: The parking lots available in the city are not enough to accommodate even 5% of the vehicles registered with the district transport office (DTO). This is one of the reasons behind the frequent traffic jams in the city as most of the vehicles are parked on the roadside.\"Altogether 54,361 vehicles were registered with the DTO in 2009. In 2010, the number went up to 77,338 and, in 2011, it reached 85, 211,\" said Harihar Prasad, the district transport officer.\"We have 61 parking lots in the city with the capacity to accommodate around 2,800 vehicles,\" said Vivekanand Singh, executive engineer, road construction department, New Patna division.Parking of vehicles on the roadside creates chaos and makes traffic movement slow. To discourage this practice, the traffic police impose fines as well. \"In March 2012, the traffic department fined 3,521 vehicles for breaching parking norms and collected about Rs 10 lakh,\" said Tauheed Parvez, DSP traffic.However, commuters say they are forced to park vehicles on the roadside due to lack of sufficient parking space. Priyanka Kumari, a bank employee, argues, \"Most of the time I park my vehicle on the roadside due to lack of parking lots. I have been fined twice, but what can I do? When the administration cannot provide parking space, what moral right does it have to impose fine on us?\"Expressing his helplessness, traffic SP Chandrika Prasad said, \"It is our duty to penalize public for not following parking norms. That might be a subject to moral scrutiny but we have to follow the law which demands us to punish the guilty.\"The Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) is working out plans to solve this problem. \"We are thinking of constructing some multi-storied and underground parking lots in the city,\" said PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal. \"We would soon open for public the Buddha Smriti Park parking space and an underground parking lot at Hardinge Road which would solve, to a great extent, the parking problem in the areas and nearby,\" he added.The chairman of the Bihar chapter of the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), SP Sinha, said, \"Some of the roads should be made one-way. The other side of the road can be used for parking. The down traffic of that road should be diverted through some other route, like link roads.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12830113", "title": "NRIs seek green signal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A large number of NRIs approach the city police every year to get clearance for obtaining driving licences abroad. Official data revealed that maximum number of requests for licences were for Australia, England, Canada, among others.Explaining the reason, sources said: \"A clearance from the native police is necessary if someone wants a driving licence abroad. The certificate contains the number of challans issued, or a nil report.\"DSP (traffic) Vijay Kumar said maximum number of requests had been made by parents and guardians of NRI youths from Chandigarh.However, things are surely not so easy. A K Malhotra of Sector 39, who approached the traffic police for obtaining clearance for his NRI son's Australian licence, said: \"My child cannot get a licence abroad and his request was rejected two times there. I have sent the clearance report on the Internet.\" The traffic police record shows 50 requests in 2009 and 73 in 2011. 23 requests have been received since January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12829511", "title": "Warden unleashing HIV attack: Inmate", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Tihar Jail inmate has alleged that the jail warden with the help of HIV positive women inmates has been torturing her to extort money from her. Honey Sharma, who is facing trial in several cases of cheating and forgery, has moved a trial court requesting that she should not be sent back to jail number 6 where she is currently lodged.Filing a petition before CMM Vinod Yadav, Honey Sharma also alleged that she might have contracted AIDS. She also sought the court's permission that she be allowed to visit a doctor at her own expense to check it she had contracted AIDS.Admitting her plea, CMM Yadav has asked the Tihar Jail authorities to file a reply.Lodged in jail for over three months now, Sharma is facing trial in 11 cases. In her plea, she has alleged that she is being tortured by the head warden and warden for money. She told the court that the wardens had \"beat her up badly and got the AIDS patient to scratch her with their nails.\" She alleged that the she was beaten up for an hour before the deputy superintendent and the jail staff, who remained mute spectators.She also alleged that her two-year-old daughter, who lives with her in the jail, was also manhandled by the warden and her pleas for being taken to the hospital were dismissed.Sharma, along with her husband Vipin Sharma and five other persons are accused of cheating, forgery, criminal conspiracy under the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12829431", "title": "BJP for Centre-state strategy to tackle Maoist menace", "text": "A day after Maoists abducted district magistrate Alex Paul Menon in BJP-ruled Chhattisgarh, the party on Sunday asked the Centre to adopt a concerted and unified strategy to tackle the Maoist violence. \"Unless we have a concerted and unified strategy to deal with the problem (left wing extremism) and the best of coordination among the states and the Centre, the situation seems to be drifting out of hands,\" BJP spokesman Prakash Javdekar said . Maoists in Odisha are still holding BJD MLA Jhina Hikka hostage.Targeting Union home minister P Chidambaram, Javdekar said, \"Chidambaram is saying that this is a law and order issue. This is not an issue of one state and it is not a law and order matter. It is a national issue.\" The recent spate of Naxal violence indicates a change in their strategy where they are targeting foreign tourists, political leaders in states and government officials, he pointed out. \"This is really a warning for India. It is an attack on our sovereignty and the government must consider it in this perspective. It is a multi-state problem,\" he said, adding that BJP will raise the issue in Parliament.Assuring that the Raman Singh government in Chhattisgarh will do its best to have the hostage released, he asked the central government \"to do its bit urgently\".Javdekar also kept up the pressure on the government over the issue of chief economic advisor Kaushik Basu's statement that inflation will be brought under control in the next six months. In reply to a question on the matter, Javdekar said, \"I don't know which magic wand he (Basu) has to assure that there will be a respite from inflation soon. He has said that they are going to fix diesel subsidy. On the one hand, you are planning to raise diesel prices and you are still assuring that there will be respite from inflation on the other. Both don't work together.\"BJP also demanded a clarification from the Centre on the additional solicitor general's contention that the Italian ship involved in killing of two fishermen should not have been detained, which has been contradicted by the shipping and the external affairs ministries. Alleging a \"conspiracy by people with vested interest\" to save the Italian armed guards who killed the fishermen, he said, \"We want to raise the question as to what was the compulsion for the ASG and the law officer of the country to plead the case of Italians instead of Indians.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12829699", "title": "Vehicles causing pollution to be fined", "text": "LUCKNOW: Come May 1 and the regional transport office will start a rigorous checking drive against the motor vehicles causing pollution. The RTO has given a week-long deadline for all such vehicles which do not possess a Pollution Under Control (PUC) certificate to obtain one. The motor vehicles are one of the major causes of pollution. The fact that most of the vehicle owners blatantly flout pollution norms has made RTO plan the move.\"During routine checking, we have found most of the vehicles operating without a pollution under control certificate,\" said Sanjay Nath Jha, ARTO (enforcement). Under the Central Motor Vehicles Rules, it is mandatory for the new vehicles to obtain a non-pollution certificate within a year. The certificate remains valid for a period of six months.During checking, the vehicles found plying without the certificate will be slapped a fine of Rs 1,000. On the second or subsequent offence, the same vehicle will be slapped a fine of Rs 2,000. And, if the vehicle owners, still, do not mend their ways, the registration certificate of the vehicle will be suspended, to be renewed, only after the vehicle gets a certificate.There are around 72 agencies which have been authorized by the transport commissioner for granting the pollution-clearance certifiate . The vehicle owners can get the certificate from petrol pumps, most of which are authorized to give the PUC. Before May 1, the RTO will be checking these agencies as well. \"We will check if they issue proper certificates or not,\" said the official.All the motor vehicles, public, private and commercial will have to get the certificate. The certificate/stickers will have to be pasted on the windscreen of the vehicle. The drive will be a regular one, added ARTO. The checking of vehicles will be done at all the prominent crossings of the city from May 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12831698", "title": "New application choices", "text": "With the academic year about to begin, School of Open Learning (SOL), Delhi University , has decided to step into the online space for admissions. However, the school will retain the manual admission system as well; therefore, students can apply either in person or online.According to HC Pokhriyal, executive director, SOL, a committee had been constituted which was mulling over a number of proposals to introduce the online process for the last few years. Finally, this year, the governing body approved online admissions with the State Bank of India (SBI) agreeing to provide the gateway for payments and fee transactions.Going online, he says, will cut down on time and cost and simplify the admission process. \"However, we will not be scrapping the manual process as it is a huge jump from manual to direct online and many candidates may not be comfortable yet,\" he adds.Students applying from distant states, including the Northeast, will save on time and effort, once they become comfortable with the process. Pokhriyal adds, \"When students apply online, they will be checked on the authenticity of the documents submitted. This will help us streamline the number of students taking admissions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "vizianagaram", "code": "12830245", "title": "Cong, TDP gear up for showdown", "text": "VIZIANAGARAM: The city is gearing up for what may well turn out to be a major political showdown between arch-rivals TDP and Congress who are both determined to hold a protest over the liquor syndicate issue at the collectorate on Monday.Party-workers of TDP are getting ready for the protest with party president Chandrababu Naidu, who was denied permission to hold the rally, announcing that he would go ahead with his plan and take on PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana in his hometown by staging a protest against the liquor syndicate's benami business.To counter the TDP protest, Congress workers have decided to stage a dharna of their own at the same venue. Their demand: take action against TDP leaders with interests in the liquor syndicate.District superintendent of police Kartikeya has already spoken to former minister Ashok Gajapati Raju and district Congress leader K Veerabhadra Swamy and requested them to hold their protests at different timings but there are no signs of either party backing down.\"To avoid any law and order problem, police could arrest Naidu before he enters the district.\"He may be apprehended at Visakhapatnam to stave off the possibility of any clash between the two parties,\" police said, adding that no parties had been given permission to hold protests.Anticipating trouble, district police have already enforced section 144 in the city from Sunday onwards.\"Thousands of protesters are likely to assemble despite us having banned the holding of rallies and dharnas without prior permission,\" the SP said.Those defying the orders will be booked, he said. The TDP had earlier scheduled its dharna on April 21 before it got postponed to April 23.However, TDP leaders maintained that they were the first to have sought permission for the dharna whereas the Congress, not surprisingly, insists that it had applied for sanction for their protest much earlier than their political rivals. Kartikeya said that Congress had submitted a letter seeking permission for the dharna on April 14 while TDP had done the same on April 15.According to TDP sources, Naidu is keen to take part in the dharna. A war of words has already started between Naidu and PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana.The district police have sought the help of their colleagues in the neighboring districts to handle the situation.Naidu has set his sights on Vizianagaram as there is yet to be a single arrest in connection with the liquor scam in the PCC chief's district although several irregularities have been reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12829375", "title": "Payment woes after Mamata wish", "text": "KOLKATA: A recent SMS from chief minister Mamata Banerjee asking people to maintain peace and harmony on a day when there was widespread tension in the city worked wonders. The agitating people, who blocked roads at several city junctions, retreated after an appeal from the CM. The message, which did the trick, was sent using the disaster management department's database.Then, on Poila Boishakh - the Bengali New Year - came a message that took people by surprise. They were happy to receive an SMS from none other than Mamata Banerjee wishing them Shubho Nababarsho.But the question, that is doing the rounds is, who will foot the bill? Will it be the disaster management department or the information and cultural affairs (I&CA;) department? Some are even speculating that the Trinamool Congress itself may jump into the fray.According to the data available with the Cellular Operators' Association of India, there are 1.58 crore customers in the Kolkata circle and another 1 crore in the Bengal circle are registered with GSM operators. Besides, there are over 60 lakh customers with CDMA operators, taking the total number of mobile users in the state to about 3.4 crore. The charge for bulk SMS varies for service providers - from 2 paise to 2.2 paise. Sources said the total charge runs into several lakhs.The I&CA; department officials had approached the disaster management department, which usually coordinates with cellular service providers to upload such messages through the module which allows the state and its agencies a direct interface with around 3.4 crore mobile users.There is, however, a catch here. Such SMSes are generally sent on emergencies or for matters of public interest. Though the disaster management department provided the database, the process was completed by the information department. Therefore, the disaster management department officials said the question of paying the bill does not arise. I&CA; officials are tight-lipped.A TMC leader said: \"Our party has benefited from this PR exercise. It was initially felt that a part of the expenses should be borne by the party. But the SMSes were sent on behalf of the chief minister and the I&CA; will foot the bill. This department is mandated to carry the public relations drive for the government.\"The state I&CA; had used the data available with disaster management department to send the messages.Minister Javed Ahmed Khan, too, feels that the I&CA; should to pay the bill. On Sunday, Khan said that his department has a database on mobile phone users so that they can be used to alert people during emergencies. \"We keep sending SMS to people in a particular area if there is any specific alert for natural disasters.This database is quite comprehensive and was used by the I&CA; during the Bengali New Year. This does not mean that the bill will be paid by my department,\" added Khan. However, he refused to divulge the number of mobile users to whom the message was sent. He was also tight-lipped on how much the state will be shelling out for this exercise.The message read: \"Shubho Nababarshe Apnader Sakalke Janai Amar Antarik Priti-O-Subhechha. Sabai Bhalo Thakun, Sushtha Thakun. Asun Sabai Mile Natun Bangla Gore Tuli - Mamataa\" (My heartfelt wishes on the Bengali New Year. Keep well everyone. Come, let us all create a new Bengal.)Umapada Chattopadhyay, director of information, said: \"I cannot comment.\" Chief secretary Samar Ghosh and secretary of information and cultural affairs department Nandini Chakraborty were not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12835469", "title": "Elephant herd sighted in Arunachal Pradesh sanctuary", "text": "ITANAGAR: Much to the excitement of wildlife lovers, a herd of elephants numbering around 60 have been spotted in Dying Ering Wildlife Sanctuary in East Siang district of Arunachal Pradesh.DFO Tashi Mize said about 10-12 cubs in the herd were seen loitering and playing around the jumbos on saturday.The herd of elephants often visit this sanctuary but they do not stay here for long because of low availability of fodders like wild bananas, sources said adding the herd's arrival in the sanctuary was a good sign as the presence of elephants also minimizes the possibilities of illegal trespasses by hunters and smugglers which may go unnoticed by alert forest staff.Now sanctuary officials want to make available abundant wild bananas across the sanctuary which will give adequate fodder to the elephants for their permanent stay in the premises.\"Aerial dropping of wild banana seeds through helicopter across the sanctuary would be an ideal option as manual seeding will not yield sufficient result,\" feels deputy range officer, Naning Perme of Borguli Range.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12830680", "title": "Drunk man clubs his friend to death", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A 40-year-old man was clobbered to death by his friend at Manacaud near Fort on Sunday. The police identified the victim as Sunil of Pallimukku near Pettah. He succumbed to head injuries inflicted by his friend Ayyappan Chettiar alias Mani, 37, of Vattappara.According to the police, the two were friends. They were having alcohol at Manacaud, when a fight broke out between the two. Chettiyar picked up a rock and hit Sunil on his head. The police have arrested Ayyappan Chettiyar following the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12829815", "title": "Panjab University\u2019s pool is a little haven for this 86-year-old", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Come summers and its time for swimmers' to hit Panjab University's swimming pool with gusto but for 86-year-old Kulwant Singh, it's time to re-unite with the love of his life. He can barely walk because of his age and needs a stick to haul himself out of the pool but that does not deter him from pursuing his passion for swimming. For Kulwant, a former teacher at PU's Department of Chemical Engineering and Technology, his 44-year-old bond with the university's swimming's pool club is most cherished.Kulwant, the oldest member of this pool club that came into existence in 1968, has been a seasoned spectator as members come and go. Such is his passion and zeal to religiously swim for an hour to stay fit that age is hardly a deterrent for him.\"I was a lecturer at the government college in Hoshiarpur, when PU shifted its campus to the current location. I then joined PU and ever since this swimming pool came into existence, I have been its most regular visitor. This pool used to be my favourite hangout in the 1960s and 1970s too, when I used to go for a swim after taking classes in my department,\" smiles Kulwant.He may now be slightly hard of hearing or drive from his residence in Sector 15 to the university, yet his determination to have his work-out through swimming is rock solid. \"Once a person is used to a healthy lifestyle, he cannot live without it,\" quips Kulwant.Gurcharan Singh, his coach at PU's swimming pool says, \"This man's persistence is a lesson for youngsters who swim here. This is probably the best exercise for persons in his age-group.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830216", "title": "Second innings: APJ Abdul Kalam to return as President?", "text": "MUMBAI: NCP supremo and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar said on Sunday that he was in favour of a non-political person as the next president of India to replace Pratibha Patil , whose five-year term ends this July. \"In my opinion, a non-political person would be the ideal choice as the next president,\" Pawar told mediapersons.Pawar's statement assumes political significance since the Congress is planning to field its own nominee as a presidential candidate. Although the party has not named any candidate, senior Congress leaders believe that defence minister A K Antony is emerging as a strong contender.Pawar made it clear that the NCP had absolutely no plans to field former Lok Sabha speaker P A Sangma for the post. \"We have only 16 MPs, we know our limitations,\" he said and called for a consensus candidate.Saying it was high time parties initiated a dialogue on the ensuing presidential polls, Paw ar said since neither UPA nor NDA have the requisite votes to ensure that a candidate of their choice will be elected, political parties must sit together to arrive at a consensus nominee. \"We are of the opinion that the next president should be apolitical. Since no party is in a position to get its nominee elected, all parties must agree on a common candidate,\" he said.Veteran Dalit leader and power minister Sushilkumar Shinde too had thrown his hat into the ring. However, he was not considered since the present incumbent too is from Maharashtra.A former Maharashtra chief minister said that in view of Pawar's statement, it is likely that former president Abdul Kalam may emerge as a consensus nominee for the top post. \"Our information is that Mulayam Singh-led SP, AIADMK and Mamata Banerjee-led Trinamool Congress have informally agreed on the nomination of Kalam. Our constitution does not bar a candidate from recontesting the presidential elections. In view of his massive contribution in the field of nuclear science and his impressive performance as the president of India, we feel that all political parties will agree on his nomination,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "12831179", "title": "Tirunelveli village prays for abducted collector", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: A pall of gloom has descended on Samathanapuram village near Valliyur in Tirunelveli, the native town of kidnapped Chhattisgarh collector Alex Paul Menon.Relatives and neighbours, who remember Menon as a soft spoken and kind man, at his residence in Thayagaraja Nagar as well as his uncle's house at nearby Anna Nagar, are also a depressed lot.On Sunday, special prayers were held by friends and well wishers of the Menons at churches and temples in Tirunelveli. \"Prayers were conducted in all Lutheran churches in Tirunelveli and Nagercoil on Sunday, for the welfare of Menon and his early release from the Maoists,\" said G Alwin, nephew of Alex Paul Menon. Prayers were also conducted in churches at Samathanapuram. Though Alex's family moved to Tirunelveli about 20 years ago, he used to visit Samathanapuram often where he had a few childhood pals, till he was posted in Chattisgarh. A few friends of Menon also offered prayers at the Prasanna Vinayagar temple at Thyagaraja Nagar for his safety.Alwin, who has completed his teachers training in Nagercoil, rushed to Tirunelveli after the news of the kidnap reached him. Menon's paternal aunts Gnanam from another locality in Tirunelveli and Poornam from Nagercoil also arrived at his house in Thyagaraja Nagar.\"Alex's friends and our relatives are anxiously visiting the house and telephoning us to know about the developments. Alex's wife Asha called us in the morning and assured us that he was safe and the Central government was taking initiatives to rescue him,\" Alwin said.Even as relatives and friends were visiting his house, Tirunelveli MP Ramasubbu also paid a visit to Alex's uncle's house in Anna Nagar and promised that he would talk to Tamil Nadu chief minister and ask her to urge the Centre for early rescue of Menon.\"We are glued to the television sets, eagerly awaiting some good news. We were a bit relieved after learning that Alex had said he was safe. The government should act fast and rescue my son, in the interest of the villagers he was serving,\" said Gnanam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12829515", "title": "Schools to stay close from today", "text": "BHOPAL: With soaring mercury, the school education department will not allow any school to remain open from April 23.The district collector had announced summer holidays for schools from April 16. But the CBSE schools in the city had requested to keep institutes open for another week on account of loss in school days. From April 23, all CBSE schools up to VIII standards will remain close from Monday.The district education officer (DEO) had given permission to three schools to keep open till this week. After this, five other schools had applied for permission which is still under consideration.DEO CM Upadhyay said, \"No school would be granted permission to keep open from Monday. The district administration can grant such permission though.\"Among the schools that remained open this week were St Joseph's Co-ed School and Sagar Public School. The KVs do not come under the purview of the administration as they are run by an autonomous organisation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "12829388", "title": "Body of 12-year-old found", "text": "NADIA: The body of a 12-year-old boy was found from a field near Harindanga Paschimpara on Sunday. The deceased was identified as Pravesh Mondal, a resident of Vaina Uttar Purbapara under Hanskhali police station. The body was has been sent for post mortem.Locals spotted the body lying in the field and informed the police who retrieved the body.Police sources said prima facie, the boy was strangled. According to locals, the victim had gone to attend a Kali Puja on Saturday night. His father Rabindranath, a daily labourer, was clueless about his son's unnatural death.Pravash Mondal (12) of Vaina Uttar Purbapara under Hanskhali police station in Nadia was found lying on a field at Harindanga Paschimpara of the same police station area on Sunday morning, police said. The body was sent for autopsy.The local people found the body to lay on ground and informed police. The Hanskhali police recovered the body. Prima facia, the boy was killed by strangulation, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "12829354", "title": "'Curious' youth hacks off Great Banyan branch", "text": "HOWRAH: The oldest citizen of the country lost a limb on Sunday, thanks to a \"curious\" Kolkatan. A knife attack by the college student not only left the Great Banyan Tree of the Indian Botanic Gardens without a branch, it has also increased the chances of a fungal infection. The youth, Rajak Nadim, reportedly told security men that he cut off the branch \"out of curiosity\".Armed with a sharp knife concealed under his clothing, Nadim entered the garden early in the morning after it opened to morning walkers. No one suspected his intentions till he reached the Great Banyan Tree, which is protected by a tall fence all around its 1.5-hectare circumference. Nadim climbed the fence and entered the protected area and within moments, started hacking a branch with the knife.Alarmed morning walkers first tried to scare him out of the fenced area, but Nadim ignored their threats and continued to saw at the branch and felled it. By then, some morning walkers had alerted the security staff. They entered the fenced area and nabbed the youth. Nadim was later handed over to Shibpur police who are interrogating him.After he was overpowered by the security staff, Nadim, who is in his early twenties, is believed to have said that he cut off the branch out of curiosity . He later gave a written undertaking with the same statement to the garden authorities. Police are interrogating him to find out if there was any other motive behind this bizarre act.Botanists are now trying to arrest the chances of a fungal infection, which such an old tree is prone to after suffering such an injury. \"Since the tree is extremely old, it is naturally prone to infection. Any injury aggravates this. We are working at the fresh injury caused by the chopping of the branch and hope that we will be able to contain it with proper use of drugs,\" said Himadri Shekhar Debnath, director of the Indian Botanic Garden.The most interesting feature of this tree, which is more than 275 years old, is that it does not have a trunk at the moment and survives on the 3,500-odd prop roots. The trunk was injured in a lightning strike in 1925 and had to be cut off to prevent infection from spreading and killing the entire tree.\"The tree is widely loved and visitors of this 273-acre garden have always been in awe of its mammoth spread. No one could have imagined in their wildest of dreams that anyone would plan an attack on this prize possession,\" Debnath added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12829152", "title": "150 citizens take part in Pune heritage cycle ride", "text": "PUNE: Around 150 participants from all walks of life took part in the Pune heritage cycle ride on Sunday. They also participated in an earth eco-walk organised at Parvati Pachgaon forest park on Sunday. The event was conducted to commemorate the World heritage week and Earth Day , organised by the NGO Aranyavaak, Art India Foundation and coordinated by Virasat Pune.The cycle ride, started from Fergusson College main gate, covered heritage structures like - Pataleshwar temple, Omkareshwar temple, Shaniwarwarwada, Kasba Ganapati, Raste Wada, Peshve Daftar, Council Hall, Southern Command, War Memorial before culminating at Empress Garden.Hrishikesh Talwalkar, founder and head of Aranyavaak, said participants stopped at each heritage structure and the guides accompanying them briefed them about the history of these sites. School and college students, amateur cyclists, professionals and elderly participated in the cycle ride. A 70-year-old man was the eldest participant.This was the first time that a cycle ride and heritage site visit were combined together, Talwalkar said.Subhash Karmarkar, a cost accountant from Aundh who participated in the heritage cycle ride, said, \"There are many heritage sites in Pune, but we are not aware of the history. This cycle ride not only brought people together, but also informed them about the historical background of these sites,'' he said.The participants in the earth eco-walk held in Parvati Pachgaon forest park, Sahakarnagar in the evening, were told about the importance of leaf litter, canopy structure and creation of eco-systems. According to Talwalkar, the earth eco-walk is all about the earth as a whole along with its atmosphere, biotic and abiotic factors that make up an intricate, complex and wonderful self-sustaining system. Various aspects of earth's magnificent nature like flora, fauna, geology, climate and their interesting interactions were the focus of the walk, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12836639", "title": "Madras HC dismisses petition against Army chief, imposes Rs 1 lakh fine on petitioner", "text": "CHENNAI: The quo warranto petition against the continuation of Army chief Gen V K Singh in his present post was dismissed as withdrawn by the Madras high court on Monday. The court also imposed an exemplary cost of Rs 1 lakh on the petitioner.A division bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal imposed the cost saying the petitioner, Dr S Viswa Murti, had wasted the court's time. They asked the petitioner to pay the cost to the Madras Society for Protection of Children. The judges also made an oral observation during the arguments that the petitioner intended for publicity.After the judges reserved their orders making it clear that they were enthused by its contents, counsel for the petitioner sought court's permission to withdraw the plea. The judges acceded to the plea, but said Rs 1 lakh cost shall be imposed on Dr Murti.The quo warranto petition (a proceeding initiated to determine under what authority a person holds a position) filed by Dr Murti contended that India has the largest standing volunteer army in the world with a strength of 11.29 lakh active personnel and 9.6 lakh reserve personnel.It said General VK Singh, who took over as Army chief on March 31, 2010, had a dispute with the government regarding his date of birth and became the first serving officer of the Indian Army to drag the government to the court. A few weeks ago, the Army chief gave an interview to the media stating that a bribe of Rs 14 crore was offered to him to clear a tranche of 600 substandard vehicles supplied by a London-based company through the public sector BEML, it said. Describing this as a revenge attack on the Centre, the petition said the move was timed to coincide with the parliamentary session as well as the fourth edition of the BRICS summit.The petition further contended that the Army chief embarrassed the government by alleging that the Army's tanks were out of ammunition and that infantry preparedness was also not up to the mark. Besides badly portraying the Army, it said, the statements were a bid to abet mutiny and provoke his followers to revolt against the country.The petitioner wanted the Army chief to be stripped of his post as he had gone against the oath of affirmation he took during his induction into the army. He wanted the general's pay and other benefits stopped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12829874", "title": "Youths try to run over traffic cop", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An Australia-returned youth, Bhabjit Singh, who was driving a white-coloured BMW tried to run over a Chandigarh police constable attached to the security of SSP Naunihal Singh on Saturday night. The incident took place on the dividing road between sectors 16 and 10 when constable Bhim Singh reportedly tried to prevent the four youths from teasing two girls at around 11.45pm. Bhabjit was not alone in the car but was accompanied by three other youths including a juvenile.The incident took place within eight hours of the thrashing of traffic constable Mangat Singh by two occupants of another BMW near Sector 61 on Saturday. The cop was beaten up when he tried to check the documents of the car which had a temporary registration number near Sector 61. Though the accused youths escaped from the spot after making a foiled attempt to kill Bhim Singh, they were traced as the constable had noted down the temporary registration number of the BMW. Besides Bhabjit Singh, the other accused have been identified as Sahil Saini and Vikram Sachdeva besides a juvenile, a student of class XII. The latter was produced before the duty magistrate and sent to the juvenile home in Sector 25.All youths are residents of Kharar and the BMW was gifted to Bhabjit by his father Palwinder Singh, who had been living in Japan and had returned to the country recently.Though the youths had escaped the spot, cops traced them on Sunday through the registration number of the BMW.Bhim Singh was returning to the police lines in Sector 26 in his official vehicle along with three other police personnel after finishing duty in Sector 16 when he spotted the youths in the BMW allegedly teasing some girls.Police sources said constable Bhim Singh came out of his gypsy and tried to stop the youths, but Bhabjit, who was at the wheel started the BMW and tried to run him over while abusing and threatening him. Constable Bhim Singh saved himself by jumping to one side.The accused had come to Chandigarh to celebrate the birthday of one of their friends and were going towards a disco in Sector 8.Under FireApril 21 | Constable Mangat Singh assaulted near Sector 61 Apr 6 | Constable Ashok thrashed near night food street Sep 15, 2011 | Constable Bhim Singh thrashed in Sector 41 May 14, 2011 | Constable Ram Kumar thrashed in the district courts in Sec 17 Jan 21, 2011 | Head constable Kewal Singh thrashed near Sector 46 Aug 14, 2010 | Commando Ramesh Kumar was shot after heated arguments", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "12830864", "title": "Pt Jasraj's village, district await music gurus", "text": "FATEHABAD: The native village as well as the home district of legendary classical singer, Pandit Jasraj , in Haryana, is facing a strange irony here. There is not even a single music teacher posted in the government schools of the entire district, including in his native village Pili Mandori, 13 kms from here.In such a scenario, students of government schools, who aspire to become musicians like Pt Jasraj, are left with no option, but just to wait. Jasraj had learned the basics of music from his father Pt Motiraj and later from his elder brother Pt Maniraj in Pili Mandori here and today, Jasraj is a force to reckon with in the field of music.But there seems to be no ray of hope for more than 700 students, studying in the government school at his native village. This is despite the fact that during his visits to the village as well as district, the music maestro had been encouraging students and youths to take music as a career.As per norms, a student can opt for music subject from class 6th onwards at school level. As per official records, there are more than 50,000 students from class 6th to class 12th in 216 schools, including middle, senior secondary and higher secondary schools in the district.Said Ravinder Kumar, whose house is located next to the maestro's house in the village, \"We are proud that such a legend was born in our village. But despite this, our children are deprived of opportunity to learn the art of music. Our requests in this regard for have gone unheard\".Joining Ravinder was Tulsi Anupam, a musician of the district, who currently works with Gurdas Maan. \"The government must show some regard towards the maestro. Towards that person of a non-descript village, who made the state as well as the country proud in whole world in the field of music. Training in classical music must be started from the very beginning as early period of a child matters a lot in the music field,'' said Tulsi.District education officer (DEO), Manju Gupta, admitted non-availability of music teachers in the district. \"Right now, we have no teachers in government schools for teaching music in government schools in the entire district. Hence we don't offer music as a subject\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12830455", "title": "Dhruti suicide case: Court raises doubts over police procedure", "text": "SURAT: Navsari district and sessions court has raised serious doubts about the punchnama prepared by the investigative officer in Dhruti Patel suicide case. The court in its 13-page remand revision order said Navsari police's approach in the investigation is biased in favour of the accused.Divyesh, Dhruti's husband, and Hiral, the deceased's brother-in-law, were remanded in police custody for seven days by the court last Thursday. The court raised serious doubts about the police procedure, particularly in reference to the injuries found on Dhruti's body. It observed that the police did not inquire into the issue as to how the victim sustained the injuries when she had killed herself by hanging. Moreover, the complaint was registered three days after the crime was first reported, the court said, surprised over the fact that the injury details of the deceased found no mention in the inquest report.It was not clear from the punchnama as to how the victim reached the pipe on which she hung herself. There is no mention in the punchnama about the support that she had used to reach the pipe which was at a height of 6.4 feet, the court said. It also said that there were instances of overwriting in the report. The district and sessions court also said that the lower court's rejection of remand of the accused was unjust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "singur", "code": "12829385", "title": "Singur set to switch loyalties again?", "text": "SINGUR: Singur has always been a harbinger of political change in Bengal. This was once a Congress bastion, but turned its back on the party after police firing led to deaths of a few farmers agitating for land rights in the early 1970s. It then became one of the first CPM citadels in Bengal and heralded the victory of the CPM-led Left Front in 1977. For two decades, Singur remained loyal to the CPM, but the forcible land acquisition in May 2006 changed all that.Singur switched loyalty to the Trinamool, bringing it to power in the 2008 panchayat polls that were a curtain raiser to the Trinamool's rousing capture of power in Bengal last year. If she had not been swept by the swell of support, Mamata Banerjee might have been wary of the Singur legacy. But she has, in less than a year, managed to turn this administrative block about 45km from Kolkata against herself.Those who were willing to let go of their lands, of course, never forgave her for driving Tata out but even those who were unwilling - they formed the backbone of her support base - are now furious with her. She has not visited Singur since she came to power; and she hasn't kept her promise of restoring the land back to those who signed it off.Beraberi Purbapara, one of the hamlets where the anti-acquisition stir started, is enraged. \"We were the first to protest the takeover of our farmlands. Mamata then took over the agitation. None of us accepted the compensation cheques. We participated in Mamata's dharnas, blockades and agitation. But while she became the CM, we gained nothing,\" says Malati Das, 51, who lost six bighas of land to the car project.This now-desolate swathe of land along the Durgapur Expressway was supposed to have kick-started Bengal's industrial and economic turnaround. Instead, it has now come to symbolise all that has gone wrong with Bengal. Singur is today a depressing picture of acute despair and deprivation.Six years ago, all scorn and vitriol had been reserved for (then CM) Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee, who was seen as the architect of the forcible land acquisition, and for Tata Motors. Today, Mamata has replaced Bhattacharjee. So intense is the anger that Singur MLA Becharam Manna hasn't managed to find the nerve to visit the villages whose residents' farmlands were taken over for the car plant.Even though Mamata acted on her promise to return 400 acres of farmland to the 'unwilling' farmers immediately after coming to power and enacted a Bill - this was challenged in the Calcutta high court by Tata Motors - to pave way for the return, the people here are unimpressed. Says Angurbala Das, 63, who was beaten up by police thrice for protesting: \"We had total faith in Mamata and believed her promise to return our farmlands. Now we feel we were fools to have been taken in by her promises. She simply used us to ascend to power.\"Ashtu Das who does odd jobs to makes end meet regrets turning down the enhanced compensation that the agitation had resulted in. \"We lost out lands and didn't accept any compensation at Mamata's behest,\" he says.Robin Das, 45, of Gopalnagar Modhyo-Ghoshpara, who lost four bighas, feels the same way. \"We all feel we should have accepted the compensation and allowed the factory. We now realise that the factory could have changed the face of Singur and Bengal. The locals would have got jobs and a lot of development would have taken place here. Tata Motors had promised to set up a hospital, a school, build roads and sponsor other development projects. They had initiated some such projects too. In hindsight, we all feel that we should have reposed faith in Tata rather than Mamata,\" says Das, a carpenter's assistant now.That Mamata has not visited Singur after coming to power is seen by people of all the 16 gram panchayats - the Trinamool bagged 15 in the 2008 panchayat polls - as betrayal. \"Till the (assembly) elections, there used to be a steady stream of Trinamool leaders. They used to provide rations and any help we asked for. They arranged for medical help and even private tuitions for our kids. But it all stopped as soon as they came to power,\" says Das. His sentiments find wide and easy resonance across Joymalla, Beraberi, Gopalnagar, Bajemelia, Kamarkundu, Doloigachi and all other villages in this area.The anger against Mamata Banerjee is more intense among those who accepted the compensation.\"A lot would have happened here if Mamata didn't drive Tata away. We counseled our fellow farmers who were agitating, hoping to get them to accept the cheques and allow the plant to come up. But they didn't listen and all of us are suffering now,\" says Gayaram Pakhira, 50, of Joymalla village who gave up 16 bighas of farmland.Bikash Pakhira, 35, of the same village, would have been working as a machinist at the plant today for at least Rs 12,000 a month. \"Tata sponsored my training as a machinist for 18 months and I worked for nearly a year as an apprentice at the project. Now I am a security guard at Rs 4,000 a month,\" he says.Narayanchandra Pakhira of Joymalla says Mamata should now give Singur the kind of development Tata would have ensured. \"But is she capable of doing all that? Does she even have the will and the vision?\" he asks.People accept that they were foolish to have fallen for her promises. \"She knew very well that her attempt to return land would run into legal wrangles. But she misled us. She'll have to pay a heavy price for this,\" says Nakibuddin Ahmed of Joymalla.The next panchayat polls are slated for April 2013, but Mamata has been talking of bringing them forward to this year-end. But no matter when they're held, Singur says it has a few nasty surprises up its sleeves for her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12803128", "title": "Divorce, depression plague Kerala\u2019s youth", "text": "Even as God's own country boasts of a cent per cent literate population, the state tops the charts when it comes to suicide and divorceLooks like God's Own Country is fast metamorphosing into the haven of two ominous Ds \u2014 depression and divorce. Statistics spanning over 2010-2011 point to an alarming increase in the number of suicides and divorces in Kerala. What exactly is happening to the state that announced its cent per cent literacy to the world years ago?Till divorce do us part ...Funny as it might sound, looks like special funds need to be allotted to set up family courts across the state, with the existing 16 teeming with divorce cases. For, anything from the partner's body odour to infidelity triggers divorce.About 8 to 10 divorce cases are filed in each of these courts on a daily basis, reports say. From 8,456 divorce cases in 2005-06 to 11,600 in 2009-10, the statistics from recent months indicate only an increase in the number of broken families. Kerala accounts for 1.96 lakh of the nation's 23.43 lakh divorced or separated women. Says Krishnaprasad, a lawyer with the Kerala High Court, \"When a woman registers a complaint against her husband, even on the basis of apprehension, he stands a good chance to get arrested. And once the arrest happens, where is the question of working out a compromise formula? It is their egos that will work out more than the compromise. There have been many cases where wives have misused the anti-dowry laws to blackmail their husbands.\"The Protection of Women from Domestic Violence Act has many loopholes, lawyers point out. \"It is a double-edged sword; 90% of people misuse it. Ironically, the law that has been intended to protect women have more or less boomeranged on them, with the number of sister-in-law and mother-in-law arrests also on the rise with this provision,\" they say. Interestingly, the capital city takes the lead in the number of divorces. As many as 6,000 divorces took place in the past few months alone in Thiruvananthapuram's family courts. Proposals have been mooted to set up one more family court in Thiruvananthapuram. The 18 family courts in the state had a total of 38,231 cases filed last year.Most of the divorce cases filed at court are by couples who have lived together for less than five years. \"Ours is a society where physical abuse of women is much less in comparison to other states; here, the reasons for marital discord are different \u2014 ego clash, economic independence, low tolerance levels, debt, drinking, infidelity and impotency \u2014 among others,\" says psychiatrist C J John.Calling it a day...Statistics show that more than 80% of suicides are committed by people between the ages of 15 and 59. It cannot be refuted that divorce brings with it a fair share of depression too, notwithstanding the fact that the social stigma attached to separated couples has reduced considerably over the years. \"It is a fact that nearly 78% of suicides are committed by married individuals,\" says psychologist Balakrishnan, adding, \"In many cases, couples can be talked into settling their differences amicably. Unfortunately, we do not have an effective counselling system in place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "12829376", "title": "MP jumps on lorry to escape mob fury", "text": "JALPAIGURI: Rajya Sabha MP and CPM Cooch Behar district secretary Tarini Roy escaped a lynch mob by the skin of his teeth on Sunday morning after his car knocked down a biker near Bahannoghar, on its way to Bagdogra. Roy's personal security guard fired two rounds in the air to disperse the mob while the MP took a lift in a Cooch Behar-bound lorry on the highway to escape.Trouble started around 11 am when Roy's Ambassador car crossed Pundibari and neared Bahannoghar. Parikshit Sarkar (in his mid-30s), was waiting on his motorcycle by the side of the road when the car smashed into him. Sarkar was thrown off the motorcycle and one of his trouser legs got hooked to a portion of the MP's car.\"Instead of stopping the car as the driver should have, he chose to drive on. After about 10-15 yards, Sarkar's trouser leg tore off and he managed to roll away from the car. By then people were running after the car, shouting at the driver to stop. Instead of slowing down, the driver picked up speed and as providence would have it, there was a puncture in one of the tyres,\" a local said.Roy, his bodyguard and driver got off the car and realised that a mob was behind them. They stopped a lorry and helped the MP into the cabin. By then, the mob had reached the car and set it ablaze. Some of the locals had spotted the MP get into the lorry and stopped it.\"The mob was about to attack the MP when his personal security guard pulled out his pistol and fired two rounds in the air. The mob dispersed after this and Roy reached Cooch Behar in the lorry without further incident,\" a police officer said.Sarkar was admitted to a hospital in Cooch Behar. In the evening, the MP paid him a visit. Roy told TOI that Sarkar was out of danger but refused to comment on the accident and the subsequent happenings.\"I met Sarkar and his family members. I assured them of all assistance. I don't wish to comment on the incident,\" Roy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12830095", "title": "Techie murdered by brother-in-law", "text": "HYDERABAD: A software professional working with Deloitte was murdered allegedly by his brother-in-law on Sunday. The victim was identified as 30-year-old Nandiraj Sri Sri of Sainathapuram, Neredmet.At around 5.30 pm, Nandiraj was returning home when his bike was hit by another two-wheeler at Neredmet. Both Nandiraj and the other rider fell on the road but after getting up, the other person allegedly launched an indiscriminate attack on Nandiraj. When he tried to resist the attacker, the assailant picked up a boulder and banged it on his head. With severe head injuries, Nandiraj died instantly.Some of the locals jotted down the numeric part of the bike number, which according to police, matches with that of Nandiraj's brother-in-law Satyanarayana.Police said since the last two years, Satyanarayana's wife Rupa had been staying at her brother Nandiraj's place. \"Recently, she filed for divorce. We suspect that he was holding a grudge against Nandiraj for supporting his sister and that could be the motive behind the murder\", Neredmet inspector P Srinivas said. A manhunt has been launched to nab Satyanarayana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12829966", "title": "NDA seeks to put govt on the mat", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Budget session of Parliament set to resume on Tuesday, opposition BJP plans to take on the government over some crucial issues, including the finance bill. BJP leaders are expected to meet at parliamentary party chairman L K Advani's house today, which will be followed by a meeting of the NDA floor leaders in the evening, to work out the strategy on how to put the government on the mat.Apart from the leaders of opposition in both Houses Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley, Yashwant Sinha, Murli Manohar Joshi, Rajnath Singh, M Venkaiah Naidu and party chief Nitin Gadkari will attend the meeting. While the opposition plans to take up matters of federal concern like NCTC and policy paralysis, BJP sources said some issues related to the finance bill will also be raised.Some of the major issues that the government will have to face are those of spiralling prices and uncontrolled inflation, corruption and setting up of the anti-terror intelligence hub. The issue of tackling the Naxal problem will also come up in the House, BJP spokesperson Prakash Javdekar said on Sunday.The BJP will seek a discussion on the Lokpal bill and party sources said the graft issue will also include the recent controversies in the Army. The fact that the government is planning to reduce subsidy on diesel at a time when inflation is already high, is also an issue that the opposition plans to take up.The Left has said they will raise the issue of inflation. The proposed NCTC is likely to generate heat, as \"explanation will be sought from the government on disturbing Centre-state ties,\" CPM leader in Lok Sabha Basudeb Acharia said.The BJP will seek a discussion on price rise and the Lokpal bill. \"The government has promised to pass the Lokpal bill in the budget session. We will press for it with amendments,\" BJP's Shahnawaz Hussain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12831551", "title": "Beware of office flirts, they do it out of boredom", "text": "LONDON: Women, beware of office flirts, as they might be doing so because they are bored of their job and lacking in sensitivity, psychologists say.A survey of about 200 people carried out by a team from the Surrey University in the UK found that office flirts had lower levels of job satisfaction, suggesting that rather than being a sign of passion their amorous behaviour could be down to ennui.A follow-up study found that men who flirted at workplace had lower levels of \"emotional intelligence\" or understanding of other people's feelings.The second study also indicated that women who flirted at work were happier in their jobs, but researchers said the result could have been a fluke, the Daily Telegraph reported.The researchers set out to test the theory that flirting could improve people's chances of being promoted at work. Dr Adrian Banks, who led the study, said: \"What we found was the complete opposite. Flirts don't perform better at work and men who flirt are less satisfied with their jobs. There is strong evidence against that notion that you can flirt your way to the top.\"The team then conducted a second survey to establish whether men who flirted at work were different from their peers in any way.'Romantic ties are driven by women'In a romantic relationship, it's the woman who takes the lead by relentlessly pursuing her man with phone calls and text messages, a new study has found.But, once they reach middle-age their interest switches to a younger woman, presumed to be their daughters, who become old enough to have children, according to the analysis of 1.95 billion cell phone calls and 489 million text messages.The study, published in the journal Scientific Reports, also shows that men call their spouse most often for the first seven years of their relationship, and then they shift their focus to other friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12837351", "title": "Tapsee replaces Ravi Teja in promotional biz", "text": "The Tapsee-Ravi Teja starrer \"Daruvu\" is all set to hit the silver screens.But just weeks before its release, leading man Ravi Teja has been conspicuous by his absence from not only the audio launch function, but also other promotional activities. Buzz has it that the production house is pretty miffed with the actor for not allotting dates for the promotions of the film.Meanwhile, Ravi Teja is busy shooting for his next in Bangkok. In the absence of the leading man, leading lady Tapsee has taken over the promotional duties of \"Daruvu\". Buzz suggests that Tapsee will soon start promoting the film alone, minus Ravi Teja.Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12830062", "title": "Rising vegetable prices", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Rising vegetable prices have forced people to make do with limited stock or compromise on quality. Dealers say the rates are up by 30% this season, and the unusual weather conditions are responsible. A wholesale dealer in Sector-26 Grain Market, Digvijay Kapoor, said: \"There is a huge gap in the demand and supply of vegetables. We used to get 100kg from one place but now is just 50kg.\"Another vendor in the same market Ram Kumar explained the nearly 30-40% increase in vegetable prices. \"The weather has been very dicey. Tomato is still expensive because the temperature variations do not favour the crop. Also, the supply of stock has lessened.\"Since the rates at the Grain Market are quite high, prices elsewhere are even higher. A vendor is Sector 41, Sudheer Kumar, remarked, \"We buy the expensive stocks and transportation charges apply. We sell vegetables at higher rates as we have to make some profit.\"Prices of cabbage, beans, capsicum, bitter gourd, ladyfingers, lemon, and peas have gone up by Rs 25 to 30 and even more in some cases. Discussing the unusual hike, a resident of Sector 15, Surbhi Verma, said, \"It has become difficult to even eat a one square meal. We used to buy every vegetable earlier but now, we have to be selective.\"Homemaker Geeta Mishra from Sector 33 said, \"My two daughters are primary school students and healthy eating is a must for them. The school says we should pack only green vegetables in lunch. But the rising prices have burnt holes in our pockets.\"Anjali Khurana of Sector 18 said, \"I have not been able to buy sufficient fruits and vegetables this month. Increasing prices must be controlled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12829653", "title": "Engineering aspirants pleased with easy but tricky SEE paper", "text": "LUCKNOW: State Entrance Examination (SEE) 2012 brought smiles on the faces of engineering aspirants. Most candidates found the paper easy though a little tricky. Aspirants said while chemistry was the easiest, that of physics and mathematics was slightly tougher. SEE was conducted by Gautam Buddh Technical University (GBTU).\"There were straight questions from inorganic chemistry. It was easy to solve them,'' said an aspirant Gaurav Singh. Another candidate Akansha said: \"The paper was simple but lengthy. Questions in physics were tricky and tough.''In mathematics, maximum questions were from trigonometry while in physics they were from optics and mechanics. Maximum questions in chemistry were from inorganic part. The question paper was divided into three sections -- physics, chemistry and mathematics, with 50 questions of four marks each. There was no negative marking. Unlike previous year, where there were multiple choice questions (MCQs) in which more than one answer was correct, this year, there were straight questions with only one correct answer. The inclusion of MCQs last year boomeranged due to technical errors in the questions which created confusion among the examinees.Nearly 1.76 lakh candidates appeared in the exam at 227 centres in UP. In Lucknow, the exam was held at 32 centres from 7.30am to 11.30am. In the afternoon shift, 12 noon to 2.30pm, SEE for BArch candidates was held.Though the exam was conducted peacefully, some confusion was reported at a centre in Gorakhpur. SEE coordinator Prof VK Singh said a few candidates took away the question booklet which is submitted with the OMR sheet (where candidates mark the correct responses). \"The centre superintendents had to call the students back to the examination centre. It was, however, an unintentional move (on the part of students),'' said Prof Singh.Last year, the pattern was changed in SEE. Instead of two papers, one for physics and chemistry, and other for mathematics, there was a single paper containing questions from all three subjects.This year, there are about 1.20 lakh BTech seats in various engineering colleges. Last year, 1.76 lakh applications were received for about 1.15 lakh seats, but only 25,903 seats were filled.This year, GBTU officials have made another change in the admission criteria: management quota from colleges have been withdrawn. Only 5% NRI quota will be applicable. In engineering, 20% seats will be filled through All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE), 5% through NRI and remaining from SEE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12831434", "title": "Girl commits suicide", "text": "PATNA: A postgraduate (PG) student, Swati Sharma, 25, committed suicide by hanging herself with the help of her dupatta at her residence at Road No. 9, Patel Nagar, under Shastrinagar police station late on Saturday night.Shastrinagar police station SHO Rajiv Singh said that the family members came to know about the death of the girl in the night.He said that the deceased was daughter of a teacher of Shastrinagar Girls' High School, Dhirendra Sharma.The reason behind the suicide is yet to be ascertained as the family members left for their village soon after the autopsy was carried out, the SHO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12830073", "title": "Three train robbers die while trying to escape", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Three robbers were killed when they tried to escape from a train after grabbing a cash bag of a passenger in the wee hours of Sunday at Chintala Agraharam near Pendurthy on the outskirts of Visakhapatnam.Initially, it was suspected that the three persons, all below 25 years, were killed by unidentified persons. But after police investigation, it was found that the three belonged to Maharashtra and were robbers. Police found three knives from the bodies. Two of them were identified as K V Dayaram and V K Mohanty. The other person's identity is yet to be confirmed.According to government railway police SP M Kanta Rao, the mishap took place at 3:40am when the trio tried to rob one Kantilal Jain of Mumbai, an MBA graduate, in a three-tier AC bogie in East Coast express coming from Kolkata. When the train was about to reach Vizag, they demanded money from Jain and beat him up. A woman and another passenger raised an alarm and shouted 'police, police'.In their effort to avoid being nabbed by cops, the robbers jumped from the running train. One of them came under the wheels of the train and another fell to the ground. The third person was run over by Rayapur passenger coming in the opposite direction. All the three persons were carrying the general train tickets of April 15.The villagers found the bodies and informed police at 7am. Two persons died on the spot, while the other was found to be alive. But he died en route to the hospital. There were rumors that the robbers took away Rs 50 lakh from Jain. But there was no cash when the police reached the spot. Sources said Kantilal Jain himself did not possess a proper ticket to travel in the AC bogie. \"All these aspects would be considered for investigation,\" Kanta Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12831702", "title": "Open Schooling", "text": "The National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) has been identified as a major resource institution to study the feasibility of establishing a credible Open Distance Learning (ODL) system with a view to facilitate the school education system in Afghanistan.This is in furtherance of the MoU signed between Afghanistan and India wherein open schooling has been identified as a priority area for cooperation between the two countries for providing school education in the age group of 15 to 25 years, beginning with out-ofschool children, including dropouts, and thereafter in other areas such as basic education , lower end vocational education, skill development and teacher education, among others.In this connection, an Indian delegation recently visited Afghanistan and participated in a workshop organised jointly by the ministry of education, government of Afghanistan and National Institution Building Project, UNDP, Afghanistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12830743", "title": "Udiyannoor temple festival from tomorrow", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The 10-day long pongala festival at Sree Udiyannoor Devi temple will begin on April 24. The pongala will be held on April 28.On Tuesday evening, devaswom minister V S Sivakumar will inaugurate the festival and MLA K Muraleedharan will switch on the 'Depalankaram' (illumination). Mayor K Chandrika will preside over the inaugural function in which temple thantri Sreedharan Namboodiri, councillor A Geethakumari and actress Menaka Suresh will deliver speeches.There will be 'aanapurathezhunnallathu' on April 25, 26 and 27 while 'laksharchana' will be held on April 26, 27 and 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kitchlu nagar", "code": "12829862", "title": "Neeru Singla is Gitanjli Ladies Club president", "text": "KITCHLU NAGAR: Neeru Singla of Kitchlu Nagar was elected president of the Gitanjli Ladies Club. Nine other members were also inducted in the new team for 2012-2013.Komal Arora, newly elected treasurer of the club, stated that Payal Mohindra of Sant Nagar was elected secretary, Kiran Gupta of Rishi Nagar as joint secretary and Neena Jain as joint treasurer. She added that the newly elected executive members included Madhu Taneja and Reeta Sood, both of Civil Lines, Jyoti Gupta of Rishi Nagar, Neelam Bisht and Ravi Saluja of Haibowal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12830168", "title": "Ravi Rishi owns trust that runs Tatra company", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ravinder Kumar Rishi and his family members are the beneficiaries of Hemang Foundation, a trust based in the European tax haven of Liechtenstein which fully controls Tatra Sipox (UK) that supplies Tatra trucks to India.Public relations executives representing Rishi, who is now under CBI investigation in the Tatra scandal , refused to respond to questions from TOI regarding his links to trusts based in the secretive tax haven.The contract for supply of Tatra trucks is under CBI investigation, after Army chief General V K Singh claimed that he was offered Rs 14 crore to clear the purchase of 600 trucks. The CBI has already questioned Rishi, BEML (the public sector unit which supplies Tatra trucks procured via a contract with Tatra Sipox) top brass including its CMD V R S Natarajan, and some retired Army officers.Fresh details coming out put the onus on Rishi to disclose activities of Hemang Foundation and its dealings over the years. Documents also show the existence of another trust of Rishi in Liechtenstein. The second trust, Deswa Holding Establishment, was coincidentally started in 1986, when the first contract for Tatra trucks was signed by BEML.TOI on Saturday had reported that Hemang Foundation fully controls Tatra Sipox (UK), which after declaring itself as \"manufacturers' agent\" entered into an agreement with BEML for supplying Tatra trucks for the Army. Indian defence procurement prohibits dealings with agents and BEML should have signed the contract only with an Original Equipment Manufacturer.Global Vectra Helicorp Ltd , one of Rishi's Indian companies, in the run-up to its listing on Indian stock exchanges, submitted to the Securities and Exchange Board of India in 2006, \"The relation between the Hemang Foundation and the Rishi family is as follows: Hemang Foundation is a registered trust in which the beneficial owners are the family members of Mr Ravinder Kumar Rishi; i.e Mrs Deepti Rishi, Suruchi Rishi, Swati Rishi, Rati Rishi &amp; Hemang Rishi. The settler of the Hemang Foundation Trust is Mr. Ravinder Kumar Rishi.\"The filing said the foundation \"in turn is the sole shareholder of Vectra Limited\". Vectra Limited fully owns Tatra Sipox (UK).Tatra Sipox (UK) said on January 20, 2012 that it has issued a total of 15,000 ordinary shares, and all of them are held by Vectra Limited.According to filings of Vectra Ltd, it has issued a total of 100,000 ordinary shares. As on September 2, 2011, the entire shares of Vectra Limited is held by Hemang Foundation. According to earlier filings of Vectra Limited, Hemang Foundation is registered at FL 9490 Vaduz, Liechtenstein.Document trails available from UK, Hong Kong and Liechtenstein have also established that in 1986, Rishi opened Deswa Holding Establishment in Liechtenstein. Up until 2010-11, the entire shares of Venus Projects Limited, a company owned by Rishi in Hong Kong, were held by Deswa Holding Establishment.Venus Projects Limited, in fact, used to control 50% of Tatra Sipox until January 20, 2009. Venus Projects in 2011 transferred all its shares in Tatra Sipox to Vectra Limited, which now fully controls the company.Tatra Sipox entered into the contract with BEML to supply Tatra trucks to the Indian Army in June 1997, and has over the years supplied a few thousands trucks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12831346", "title": "\u2018Mall\u2019eswaram in for another maul", "text": "Malleswaram will continue to be 'mall'ed , it seems. One of the city's oldest localities survived the scare, though with enough scars, of one of the country's largest malls having come up on Sampige Road. Then another huge mall was built at its other end, bordering Rajajinagar and Yeshwantpur.Now, the BBMP is going all out to put into action its plan to replace the 13th Cross vegetable and flower market in the heart of the locality with a glitzy multi-storey parkingcum-shopping structure. Will this proposed shopping complex strip the area of its historical and heritage roots?Dr Meenakshi Bharat, social activist and resident of Malleswaram, felt instead of having another 'glass and chrome' building, the BBMP should think of keeping intact the facade of the market. \"You need to give vendors who have encroached upon footpaths a designated space in that market. Of the 150, only 50 shops are vibrant; give additional space to street vendors and let their business run in a more organized way,\" she said. \"What the BBMP is doing in Gandhibazar or Russell Market or Jayanagar or Malleswaram without a proper plan only raises suspicion. The Palike is tying up with builders and is re-modelling old markets into mall-like structures only to ensure a permanent cash flow for itself,\" she added.Zafar Sait, greatgrandson of Hajee Sir Ismail Sait, who inaugurated Russel Market in 1927, wondered why Malleswaram needs so many malls given the chaos the locality is witnessing.\"They have invested huge sums on renovating the City Market, but there are no takers for the additional spaces. Ideally, BBMP should sit with experts and stakeholders and formulate a policy. They have suddenly realized the worth of land and are out to make the most of it. Historically, they have neglected these markets and their occupants,\" he said.THE OTHER VIEWAfew residents of Malleswaram see the remodeling of markets as long overdue. '' The Palike had planned to re-structure this market some time ago. In fact, I have seen how the market grew from 15th Cross to 13th Cross and then up to 9th Cross. Most vendors occupy footpaths and if they have a shop, they lock it up and use it as a godown. Compared to the money they earn, they pay only a pittance to the BBMP. How is it possible to maintain the market?'' asked Sumathi Rao, resident and member of Malleswaram Swabhimana Initiative.'' Russell Market and Malleswaram are different issues. There is no heritage structure here; it is high time we thought of organized markets, having parking spaces and enough movement areas, with vendors aligned in a building and not creating a fuss,'' she said.M Venkatesh of Basavanagudi Traders' Association said traditional markets not only help vendors make a livelihood but is a blessing for residents too. '' You get fresh veggies and flowers here and can even bargain. Residents living nearby just come here and shop for their daily needs,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "12828801", "title": "Nagaland constable supplied police ammo to militants for 7 years: Assam Rifles", "text": "DIMAPUR: In a development that will shock the Nagaland police department, a recent raid conducted by 29 Assam Rifles and Dimapur Police has exposed a possible nexus between a police constable and militants. Identified as Enyimi Chakhesang, the constable has allegedly been supplying ammunition from the Police Centre Store, Chumukedima to members of NSCN (IM)Security forces had information that the militants were stocking ammunition at the Sukhovi area and they raided the spot on April 20. During the raid, Chakhesang - an armourer in the Nagaland Police who is currently posted at the Police Headquarters (PHQ) in Kohima and is attached with the Police Central Store in Chumukedima - was apprehended with three of his accomplices - Zungkam Yimchunagr (21), Tsuyenla Yimchungar (39) and Lankiu Yimchugar, all residents of Shamator village in Tuensang district.According to a press release issued by the security forces, the team also recovered thousands of bullets and a mobile handset. The delivery of the seized ammunition was made on April 19 and the consignment was supposed to have been collected by NSCN (IM) militants from Hebron Camp on April 20. The statement added that the constable is believed to have been siphoning off the police's practice ammunition for the NSCN (IM) over the last seven years.The AR further claimed that the house where the ammunitions were seized was used by the militants to stock up ammunition for those at Hebron Camp. \"The NSCN (IM) cadres come fully armed to take delivery of the ammunition and threaten the locals against complaining to the authorities. They intimidate and extort money from the residents of the area,\" it said. The Assam Rifles also said that the seizure has \"again brought to light the gross violation of ceasefire rules by the NSCN (IM)\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12835357", "title": "Prasenjit's homework for his 15-minute Hindi speech", "text": "Prasenjit Chatterjee makes a comeback in Hindi films after two decades and his biggest challenge was to deliver a 15 minute speech in Hindi.Bengali superstar Prasenjit Chatterjee is making his comeback into Hindi cinema after almost two decades. He worked in Hindi films like Veerta and Meet Mere Mann Ke in the early 90s after which he shifted base to Bengali cinema. Now Prasenjit will be seen in Dibakar Bannerjee's Shanghai .\"I had been getting offers over the years but I never seriously thought of working in a Hindi film. Bengali films kept me busy\", says Prasenjit. So how come he agreed for Shanghai ? \"I did Shanghai because I wanted to do a good film and work with a good director. I have done a lot of mainstream action masala films but since the past 5-6 years I have been consciously doing very different kind of cinema\".However the actor took his time before saying yes to Dibakar Bannerjee. \"Then I took a lot of time to get into the character of Dr Ahmedi and worked on everything from my getup, hairdo, beard and weight. The age difference between me and the other two actors (Emraan Hashmi and Abhay Deol ) had to come across in my character\", says Prasenjit.But he had to work the most on his language. \"I had to give a speech in the film which was a good 10-15 minute long dialogue. Since the speech was in Hindi, I had to do a lot of research and homework on it. I don't play a politician but a socialist professor. His language and voice is so strong that even the system has to listen to him. He has the power to connect with the common man\", says Prasenjit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12829472", "title": "BSNL offices to get latest firefighting equipment", "text": "BHOPAL: Ten days after the major fire caused damage to the Royal Market Exchange of the BSNL, paralysing telephone and internet services in Bhopal , the company has now decided to provide its offices with advanced fire-fighting equipment.The multi-storeyed building that suffered damaged was not equipped with fire fighting system and the authorities had to seek help from the army, the CISF and airport authorities after the municipal body failed to put out the fire that continued to rage for over 12 hours.\"We have requested the Disaster Management Institute (DMI) to conduct a survey of all our offices and suggest measures to avoid such an incident in future,\" said BSNL GM Mahesh Shukla on Sunday.The GM has claimed that mobile, lease line and broadband services have been restored in the city. The remaining connections will also start working in a week's time, he claimed.The official claimed that more than 5,000 telephone connections of the old city area are still on the blink and it would take a few more days to resume the services. Similarly, one city exchange is yet to start functioning. The BSNL is offering standby wireless instruments to consumers willing to get the services immediately restored immediately. Officials said alternate connections have already been provided to around 1,000 consumers.The gadgets and equipment were called from Kolkata, Lucknow and Ambala offices after the fire to restore services at its earliest. Engineers from different cities are still on the job and the situation is expected to get fully normal in a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12830014", "title": "'All religious bodies must work together'", "text": "MYSORE: Sri Shankara Bharati Mahaswami of Yedatore Sri Yoganandeswhara Saraswathi Mutt in KR Nagar said temples should not restrict themselves to rituals, but should also provide spiritual education.Addressing a programme to commemorate 150 birth anniversary celebrations of Swami Vivekananda at Sri Ramakrishna Ashram here on Saturday afternoon, he said: \"Temples should bring reforms in the society. This can be made possible if all mutts, ashrams and temples work with unity.\"Speaking on 'Spiritual education and social service along with traditional worship', he said: \"Many people are still confused about 'Dharma'. It is nothing but righteousness, which is essential for every individual in life. Non-violence and truth are the main principles of Dharma.\"\"It's a big mistake if parents don't teach Dharma to their children. People should also propagate the principles of Dharma,\" he added.Devotees and monks, while chanting Vedic hymns, garlanded the statue of Swami Vivekanada at Cheluvamba Park in Yadavgir in the morning.They also took out a procession from park to Sri Lakshmi Venkataramana Swamy Temple in Vontikoppal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12831026", "title": "'Education is not a business, implement Right To Education'", "text": "NAGPUR: She has four decades of experience in the field of education, 54 awards topped by a Padma Shri and Padma Bhushan, and is actively involved with the HRD ministry on various issues. She is also on the managing committees of 46 schools, but still manages to keep her head firmly on her shoulders. Shayama Chona was in Nagpur on Sunday to speak at a seminar organized by The Millennium School (TMS). Chona is an independent director of Educomp Solutions , which manages TMS through one of its units.Speaking to TOI, Chona came down hard on private unaided schools that are unhappy over the Right To Education law's requirements for 25% seat reservation for poor children. \"The Supreme Court too has upheld the provision and now that provision of RTE is beyond debate. When I was principal of Delhi Public School at New Delhi, I always reserved seats for poor students and the integration went off well,\" said Chona.Top private schools in Nagpur have also expressed concern over the negative psychological impacts on poor children once they start studying with the city's rich students. Chona says the bogeyman of 'inferiority complex' is just an excuse by private players who want to maintain their exclusivity.\"The RTE has taken care of this concern but unfortunately none of these principals have read the act. RTE says admissions under the 25% quota can only be done in the lowest class available in every school, which will ensure that the kids grow up together and no complex will prevail,\" said Chona.She added that every school starts from Std I, and most have their pre-schooling setups as well, giving kids a chance to bond at a very early age. \"The government is not asking that poor students be admitted to Std VI or VII straightaway,\" said Chona.Another concern of private institutes was the impact on revenue when 25% seats will have poor students especially since the government's compensation is expected to be meagre. Chona said, \"The schools can easily ramp up their capacity and cover the costs. If they had 100 seats last year then they should increase capacity by 25% to offset the costs. India's constitution says education is a charitable act and not a business, but some private players think otherwise.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12830121", "title": "How to give a power boost to the city", "text": "The Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) is entrusted with the task of ensuring that the citizens residing in Haryana get good quality electricity without interruption. However, given the state of the electric supply in Haryana, the consumer may be pardoned for thinking that it goes about its task without any vision or sense of priority. There may be a reason behind this.The DHBVN's vision statement shows that almost all its aspirations are technical in nature. One would expect that the chairman, managing director and a majority of directors of this entity would have technical expertise in the area of electricity transmission and distribution. However, out of the nine member board of directors of the DHBVN, six belong to the IAS. There are two directors who are technical persons and one position is vacant at the moment.Imagine a patient is lying on the operating table for a heart operation. Instead of a heart specialist, the medical team is headed by an IAS officer. Of the other seven members of the operating team, five are also IAS officers and there are only two doctors. Do you think the patient will survive?The majority of IAS officers who I have met are well-qualified, well-meaning, sincere and hardworking. However, they have been assigned a task they are not qualified to handle. Moreover, what commitment or long-term perspective can be expected when the MD knows that in 18 to 24 months he will get transferred, perhaps as the registrar of cooperative societies? It is no surprise that this patient is not doing well and the prognosis is not good, too.The DHBVN has lost its equity many times over and it continues to bleed. The losses of DHBVN on account of transmission and theft amount to 33%. In China, the total loss is just 8%, out of which 3% is transmission loss and 5% is attributed to theft. In OECD countries, the total loss is 7%.Our electricity companies are losing nearly 130 days power annually in theft and transmission losses and perhaps another 35 days in bad debts. No private company can survive such figures. No one was even held responsible for this performance since directors of these companies are not accountable, either to the shareholders or to the consumers. The IAS managing directors and other directors will get transferred to other government departments in two years or so, regardless of whether they improve the lot of the company or not. This game of musical chairs has been continuing for years now with catastrophic results for these companies and for our power situation. Such technically-oriented companies should be managed by specialists for whom this job is a vocation and who have a long-term interest in these companies.Suggestions:* Change the board of directors to introduce more technically qualified experts. There are enough adequately experienced and qualified technical people in India who can fill the position of chairman, managing director and other vacancies.* Make the board autonomous and accountable. Reward them for good work and penalize them for shoddy management. None of this is happening at the moment.* Improve the infrastructure to reduce losses.* Re-finance these companies by injecting significant amounts of new equity. This can be financed partly through a public subscription.* I would like to suggest a separate company - the Haryana Krishi Bijli Vitran Nigam, which would exclusively cater to the requirements of the agricultural consumers. This will have many advantages.These are just some of the suggestions. The patient has a right to demand that those who operate on him/her are experienced and qualified enough and have the proper equipment. The patients' relatives - us, the consumers - should not have to pay for the mismanagement of these companies.Comment by Kishore Asthana", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12828828", "title": "Gauhati Medical College and Hospital to repair snags in ICUs", "text": "GUWAHATI: Two days after a fire broke out in the neo-natal intensive care unit (NICU) of Gauhati Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), the hospital authorities have instructed the PWD (electrical division) to do a thorough survey of the ICUs in the hospital and repair all defects and technical snags as soon as possible.Kabul Saikia, principal of GMCH said, \"Besides setting up a three-member enquiry committee on the fire incident on Friday, we have also engaged the PWD executive engineer to check the status of other technical snags in the hospital and repair the same.\"\"We will also conduct a special audit where we will find out how many areas in the hospital need technical renovation and we are planning to inform the government about the total budget required for any kind of renovation,\" he said. Saikia said, \"As of now, the hospital has over 500 fire extinguishers installed in different parts of the hospital and we also have trained officials and hospital staff to tackle such emergencies.\"\"It is a 45 year-old hospital, so we do not have advanced facilities for fire safety. But, we will now install all modern equipments required, but it will take time. There was a fire in one of the hospitals in Kolkata, where many patients lost their lives. We are taking caution so that nothing unfortunate happens here,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12830365", "title": "Quenching thirst in rural areas", "text": "What better elixir than pure water? Thanks to Naandi, a safe drinking water programme, 3,90,536 households in rural areas across four Indian states are benefited.Naandi, headquartered in Hyderabad, is a not-for-profit organization which works with governing bodies in rural areas, including Karnataka, to provide clean drinking water to the poor. So what really is their modus operandi? It is essentially a community-run programme where the local governing body or gram panchayat owns a water purifying plant, which is set up and run by Naandi's water division field officers. Funds collected from donors go towards equipping each unit, replete with purifiers. Thereafter, beneficiaries are given a monthly card, which they produce at the unit while collecting their share of water. The cards are duly punched to keep a tab on the quantity of water consumed. The value of each card is equal to the total sum of money paid for the beneficiary's monthly water consumption.In fact, 575 families benefit from Naandi plants in Hebbagodi, Kamasandra and Thirupalya on the outskirts of Bangalore. Beneficiaries here shell out Rs 4 per day, per family for five members to procure 20 litres of water. What these beneficiaries are consuming is four times filtered water treated through colloidal filters, 10 and five micron filters. The water then undergoes a reverse osmosis process before being run through a UV lamp filter, ready for consumption. Each water treatment plant has a 5,000-litre capacity and villagers collect their share of water according to the time slots prescribed to them - 6am to 10am or 4pm to 10pm. There are 20 such plants in Karnataka alone; at Chikamagalur, Chitradurga, Yadgir, Gulbarga and Haveri districts.This life-reviving initiative is spearheaded by leading entrepreneurs in the country - Anand Mahindra, Maganti Rajendra Prasad and Isher Judge Ahluwalia. Naandi's other initiatives include providing education for all and creating sustainable livelihood opportunities for economically weaker sections.Helping spread this goodwill in Bangalore and Karnataka is Gayathri Handanahal, who joined hands with Naandi to give back to her Motherland. ''My father was a freedom fighter and army man, and I was employed in the fashion industry for nearly 30 years until my children found their groove. But right through the years, I had it in mind to give back to society,'' says Gayathri.Having lived and worked in Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Hyderabad and finally in Bangalore, Gayathri reached a point where she decided 'its enough'. ''I went to an orphanage in Chamrajnagar and was amazed by the kind of work the NGO running it was doing. Inspired, I worked with self-help groups and garment workers to help provide them a platform to work with various industries. Along the way, Naandi's model got me excited. Thereafter I approached Naandi to participate in their initiatives. In 2008, I travelled to distant villages after identifying the water crisis and water pollution levels in these areas,'' says Gayathri.During her travels, she convinced villagers, gram panchayats and donors alike to set up water purifying plants. ''Of course, it wasn't easy to convince people that pure drinking water came at a price. But now, they are hooked to clean water,'' smiles Gayathri.The Naandi safe drinking water initiative is made sustainable by training a person in each village to control and operate machines in each plant. ''Another person is trained to issue and punch cards. After ensuring smooth operations, we hand over the purifying plants to the village gram panchayats after five years. This system is very different from water privatization - we do not own the plant or have any stake in selling the machinery. These are community-owned plants and all benefits go to the people,'' explains Gayathri.Veering this initiative into newer areas, Gayathri, in her capacity as relationship manager for the Naandi initiave in Karnataka, helps bring donors and communities together. Field work and plant operations are handled by a team of six young and high-spirited professionals comprising Arun Naik the state head for the safe water drinking programme in Karnataka and Bharat Manta, Raghavendra, Rachappa, Suresh and Phani Shekhar. Together, this young team marches to villages to interact with panchayats about the benefits of safe drinking water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12835319", "title": "Santosh Sivan gets rare American honour", "text": "One of Indian cinema's most distinguished cinematographers has been inducted into the prestigious American Society Of Cinematographers(ASC).The ASC is an organization whose members are all cinematographers from across the world. Santosh Sivan is the first South-Asian cinematographer to be thus honoured.The ASC has only 340 members.Reacting to the honour, Sivan said, \"I guess I've to thank all my directors.This means something special cause the visual language is a universal one , so I guess being invited by accomplished visual artists is special. The ASC has very limited visual artists who belong to one of the oldest society in the world.I was invited by Michael Chapman who was the cinematographer for Martin Scorcese's Taxi Driver, Raging Bull and so on.So yeah, it's a good feeling.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12829161", "title": "As life expectancy rises, age-related macular degeneration cases go up too", "text": "PUNE: Age-related macular degeneration (ARMD) is one of the most common forms of macular problems today. It is an eye condition that affects a tiny part of the retina at the back of the eye, which is called the macula.With increase in life expectancy, cases of age-related macular degeneration are also on the rise, said experts at the symposium on macula held in the city on Sunday.\"Many are not aware that they have macular degeneration until they have a noticeable vision problem or until it is detected during an eye examination,\" said senior eye surgeon Pran Nagpal, founder-chairman of Retina Foundation, Ahmedabad.The macula makes up only a small part of the retina, yet it is much more sensitive to detail than the rest of the retina. The macula is what allows you to thread a needle, read small print, and read street signs.The symposium was organised by Pune-based National Institute of Ophthalmology (NIO), Retina Foundation, Ahmedabad and Adityajyot Eye Hospital, Mumbai, under the aegis of the Maharashtra Ophthalmic Society and Poona Ophthalmological Society.\"ARMD is one of the leading causes of visual impairment in individuals more than 50 years of age in developed countries. It is a major challenge in the new millennium in the developing countries also, as the size of the elderly population continues to rise due to betterment of medical facilities and increased life expectancy,\" Nagpal said.Besides, incidence of ARMD in diabetics is even higher. \"Around 60% of diabetics managing diabetes for more than 15 years are likely to develop ARMD. Hence, they should go for periodic eye check-up,\" Nagpal said.'Epidemiology of Age-Related Macular Degeneration' - conducted by experts from department of Ophthalmology, Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research (PGIMER), Chandigarh and Department of Ophthalmology, Government Medical College, Chandigarh - states that apart from age the other non-modifiable personal risk factors for ARMD include short height, vital capacity, hyperopia or farsightedness and body mass index (BMI).In addition, the study also reported higher incidence of ARMD in individuals with peripheral cataracts than central cataracts. Central cataracts could have a protective influence on ARMD by cutting the solar rays reaching the macula, the study said.\"Good vision is crucial to ones overall quality of life. Hence, there is an urgent need to raise awareness about ARMD,\" said eye surgeon Aditya Kelkar of NIO.Eye surgeon S Natarajan, chairman and managing director of Adityajyot Eye Hospital, Mumbai, spoke about newer treatment modalities like intra vitreous implant meant for treating eye conditions like retinal vein occlusion and uveitis.Intravitreal injection has been in use for more than 10 years in India to directly deliver medication to treat eye conditions. \"For a year now, we have also started using biodegradable implants - drug effects of which last for a longer period than injection,\" Natarajan said.The implant is slowly dissolved inside the eye by the vitreous gel that fills the eye, releasing the drug. It is used to treat adults with retinal vein occlusion and non-infectious uveitis, inflammation of the middle layer of the eye.\"Trials are currently on to find how effective these implants are in treating diabetic macular edema (DME),\" said eye surgeon Ajitbabu Majji, head of Retina Department L V Prasad Eye Hospital, Hyderabad.DME occurs when blood vessels in the retina of patients with diabetes begin to leak into the macula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12829670", "title": "CBI raids DGCA official for paper leak", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has raided a senior official of the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) after an exam paper for commercial pilot's licence (CPL) was suspected to have been leaked last month. According to sources, doubts arose when a number of students appearing for the exam secured very high marks, following which DGCA chief Bharat Bhushan referred the complaint to the CBI.\"All CPL exams are online (something that was done after the fake pilot expose) except for some technical paper. Last month, we suspected foul play and referred the case to CBI, which has raided a flight operation inspector on Saturday,\" said sources.The inspector raided has been seconded to the DGCA by an airline: a practice where airlines send their pilots on deputation to the staff-starved DGCA. After suspicion of foul play, the aviation regulator conducted a re-exam on April 10 and the result was declared two days later. tnn\"The re-exam went well but we acted on the whiff of a suspicion. The exam reform process has been streamlined to be made as foolproof as possible and further improvements will be carried out wherever needed,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12829904", "title": "I am the brain behind \u2018Brand Suri\u2019: Bhanu", "text": "HYDERABAD: Real life seems to mimic reel life. In Mahesh Babu-starrer 'Businessman', the protagonist spouts a dialogue 'Surya bhai ante nenu kadhu...It's a brand' (Surya bhai doesn't mean me...). Bhanu Kiran, the prime accused in the factionist Gangula Suryanarayan Reddy alias Maddelacheruvu Suri murder, claims it was just 'Brand Suri', but he was the brain behind Suri's crime empire. Bhanu Kiran was arrested in Zaheerabad on Saturday morning.Crime Investigation Department (CID) officials said Bhanu used the brand name of the dreaded factionist to make money by indulging in criminal activities, especially settlement of land disputes. \"Suri never used to involve directly in any case and instead used to assign the task to his trusted aide, Bhanu. So it used to be Bhanu, who used to plan and execute the offence. Bhanu is known in criminal circles for his good management skills. Since he was a key member of the gang, he used Suri's name in land settlements without the factionist's knowledge,'' highly-placed sources told TOI.After verifying call details, the investigating officials discovered that expect Jammu and Kashmir and the North-East, Bhanu had almost travelled the entire country. On one occasion, the CID sleuths missed him by a whisker when he gave them the slip by vacating a hotel in Nagpur just before the officials reached the location.On Saturday, the tight-lipped CID officials were snubbed by the dreaded gangster by refusing to wear a hood as he was being prepared to be produced before the media.Sources said that CID officials were very particular about covering his face, fearing it might trigger violence, especially in faction-hit Rayalaseema districts.To the shock of CID officials, Bhanu, instead of wearing the mask, retorted, \"What is it that you will achieve by covering my face?\"\"Go to Google and type Bhanu Kiran, you will find hundreds of videos of me. I am a well-known figure in society and everyone knows how I look. On several occasions, my photographs were carried by newspapers. So, I don't want to wear the mask and please don't insist that I wear it,'' Bhanu Kiran told the investigating officials minutes before he was produced before the media.The gangster did not end there as he went on to enlighten police by telling, \"In case, if you produce me by covering my face, media personnel and people in general will think that in order to ease pressure, police produced someone else to wash their hands of the Suri murder case,'' Bhanu added. Contrary to stories put out by police, Bhanu used to travel from place to place only by public transport and he always wore his trademark cap. On Saturday morning, Bhanu landed in Zaheerabad to meet a 'contact' and the mysterious person was told to indentify him with the cap. However, the fugitive's plan was foiled as he landed in the clutches of police.Bhanu was shifted to the Cherlapally jail on Saturday midnight after he was produced before a magistrate. The magistrate took the decision after Bhanu informed that he got serious life threat.Bhanu in high securityCherlapally prison authorities have put Bhanu Kiran in a high-security block due to threat from Suri gang members. Unlike other under-trials, who share a barrack with 20-odd prisoners, the Cherlapally jail authorities gave a separate cell for Bhanu in the Manasa Sarovaram block. Moddu Sreenu alias Julakanti Srinivas, the prime accused in Paritala Ravi murder case and a close associate of Suri, was killed in Anantapur jail in November 2008. Seenu's family had then alleged that Suri was behind the murder.Even though Suri is no more, in view of his network active even in jail, the Cherlapally prison officials took extra caution to safeguard Bhanu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12831678", "title": "Bend it like Beckham", "text": "Soccer fans have reason to rejoice as Manchester United Soccer Schools (MUSS) begins its training programmes in Mumbai this summer. Shashank Venkat reportsDream about being the next Christiano Ronaldo or Lionel Messi? Wearing the ManU red or Chelsea blue? Manchester United Soccer Schools (MUSS), the first ever India-based school of the elite EPL football team, Manchester United presents an opportunity to kickstart an aspiring footballer's dream.As school children take a break from academics this summer, the school will give these young soccer players a chance to train under certified ManU coaches following the latest MUSS curriculum.The one and two-week summer courses begin from April 23. The one-week programme will comprise practical training while the two-week programme, apart from training, will also focus on theory, lifestyle and nutrition . The sessions are open to those in the age group of 6-22 years of age. The course fee for the one-week course is Rs 12,600 whereas the two-week course is priced at Rs 22,600.Partnering with the Western India Football Association (WIFA), MUSS has been conducting training sessions at the Cooperage football ground in Mumbai since January 30. \"Many football fans have been waiting for such an opportunity . Kids are enthusiastic about the game and looking at the response to the set-up and the programme, I am sure they are extremely happy to be a part of MUSS,\" said Chirs O'Brien , MUSS head coach.Talking about the buzz linked with one of the most popular clubs in India, Mukul Choudhari, director-academy , MUSS, says, \"We are a global club and want to take the ManU experience to the grassroots in India. The consumption of EPL is huge in India, we have a large percentage of followers here. In fact, we have young players coming from all over India to train with our coaches.\" WIFA will also hand over 100 scholarships to deserving children who will get a chance to participate in the MUSS programmes. The association is also planning outreach programmes in different districts of the state to increase the standard of football.Speaking about the programme, 13-year-old Mark D'Costa from St John the Baptist School, who is part of the current batch of participants, says, \"The programme has really helped to hone my football skills. The coaches are very friendly and it is a great experience to learn from them.\" Eleven-year-old Miraj Patel from Bombay Scottish School, agrees, \"This course has taught me many tricks of the game. My playing has improved greatly and I feel a difference already.\"The training is being conducted on an artificial turf laid out on the ground according to FIFA standards. Apart from learning to play the 'United' way, those taking the course will also get exclusive MUSS merchandise along with a chance to represent MUSS in Old Trafford.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12829453", "title": "Plan no Red attack, Bastar forces told", "text": "NEW DELHI: As soon as the Maoists listed their demands for safe release of Sukma district collector Alex Paul Menon, the state government on Sunday asked central forces deployed in the Bastar region of Chhattisgarh to remain in their camps till further orders even as an Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) made a number of sorties to gather information/images of the ultras' hideouts.Officials in central agencies, who have been in regular touch with state police and civil administration, said the forces had been asked to remain 'low-key' without actually leaving the area as authorities do not want to give an impression of any offensive against the Maoists at this juncture.\"Though we cannot take the risk of any pro-active measures, different agencies have been put on alert. The UAV - deployed after the abduction -- has been focusing on the Bastar region to get clues,\" an official said.It is believed that the ultras might have abducted Menon to get some breathing space by keeping security forces at bay, specifically when the CPI (Maoist) has been desperately looking for an opportunity to hold its tenth party congress. The ultras generally hold their party congress after every five years to finetune their strategy and select new members to fill vacancies in the politburo.The CPI (Maoist) politburo has only six members against the original strength of 14. Seats are vacant in the highest decision-making body of the Naxals after elimination of leaders like Kishenji and Azad and arrest of Kobad Ghandy in the past two years.Ever since the security forces launched offensives against the ultras by entering their den in the Bastar jungles in Chhattisgarh and also in their hideouts (Saranda and Latehar) in Jharkhand, the CPI (Maoist) has been looking for a safe place to hold its congress.The Maoists on Sunday demanded release of eight jailed ultras, besides seeking a stop to all operations against them.\"One of the eight Maoists, Shantipriya Reddy - whose release is sought by the ultras - is the wife of Naxal leader Vijay Reddy who used to issue press statement on behalf of CPI (Maoist) in Chhattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh,\" an official said.Admitting that the abduction would have some impact in anti-Naxal operations, officials here said the state government in Chhattisgarh could negotiate from a \"position of strength\" unlike in Odisha where the state government was literally forced by the ultras to give in to their demands to get two Italians released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12822154", "title": "I've gone crazy with joy: Rajasmita", "text": "Rourkela's 21-year-old Rajasmita Kar, who won Dance India Dance, says she wants to buy a house for her parents now and learn Odissi tooYou must be over the moon now after winning the third season of Zee TV's \" Dance India Dance\" ...Yes , I am. I've crazy with joy. I come from such a humble background and this is a huge achievement for me. My father owns a small shop of electrical goods in Basanti colony of Roukela. I couldn't complete my graduation but took up dancing instead. I have been waiting for this day for so long and I'm happy to have made my state proud.You've also participate in \"Jhum Odisha Jhum\" and \"Dhum Machela Dhum\" but never went on to win the competitions in Odisha...Yes. I was popular and people loved my dance when I participated in those shows. But it's true that I never won those shows back home. I got the opportunity to dance with Bishu bhai. That was a big thing for me too. When I didn't win the shows in Odisha, I decided to try even harder. I knew that I must have lagged somewhere behind. My efforts paid off and today, I am thrilled. My parents have literally gone mad after the news.Mithun Chakraborty had great expectations from you. Happy to have proved him right?Of course, I am happy. Someone as great as Mithun Chakraborty had said that I am the dark horse and would win. I am so glad that I lived up to his expectations. Akshay Kumar had also praised my ability to change expressions while dancing. I cherish his compliments.How did you change?I used to wake up at 4 in the morning and do my jogging and other exercises. That increased by flexibility. The \"\"DID\"\" training experience has been enriching for me. I've learnt Hip Hop from Aman Sir but never got the chance to learn Odissi. If I get an opportunity, I'd love to learn Odissi.What will you do with the prize money?I wanted to buy a house for my parents in Rourkela. Now I can fulfill that. I wish my win inspires talents in Odisha to come forward and participate in national reality shows. As of now, I am waiting to go to Rourkela to celebrate.What are your aspirations now?It seems just the other day that I had come to Mumbai to participate in the show. Everything got over so quickly. I want to be a good dancer. I have no inhibitions about doing item numbers. Work is worship for me. If possible, I want to train promising youngsters.Who is your favourite dancer?Sridevi is my all-time favourite. Even when I watch her old movies, I am overwhelmed by her grace. Among contemporary heroines, I like Priyanka Chopra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12829437", "title": "Cop murder: Robbery ruled out, enmity may be motive", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after a constable was shot in the Kanjhawala area of outer Delhi, police have ruled out robbery motive and are probing whether personal enmity was the motive behind the murder.A senior police officer said, \"The incident appears to be a case of enmity, but we are exploring other angles too.\"Constable Rajinder Singh Khatri (35) was shot in his car on Friday in Karala village. According to police, four bullets were fired at him, three of which hit his car. The fourth bullet hit his shoulder. Khatri was on his way to the Punjab Khod Village, Kanjhawala, where he lived with his wife and parents. Khatri was posted at Rithala Metro police station.A passerby noticed Khatri's Hyundai Accent parked in a strange manner. The constable was found slumped on the driver's seat. Police said as Khatri's belongings were found untouched, they suspect it to be a case of enmity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12835864", "title": "Arun Tikku murder case: Stock analyst Gautam Vora arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: Stock analyst Gautam Vora has been arrested for allegedly helping Vijay Palande, a key accused in the murder of Delhi-based businessman Arun Kumar Tikku, after his escape from police custody.Palande was nabbed from near Churchgate station in South Mumbai in the early hours of April 11, soon after he gave a slip to the police after being arrested on the charges of murdering the 62-year-old businessman, police said on Monday.\"Vora had helped Palande to go into hiding soon after he escaped from police custody. Palande had been arrested on April 10. In the evening he jumped from the police vehicle in suburban Andheri and subsequently approached Vora,\" said a police officer.Palande was about to leave for the Mumbai International Airport to fly to Thailand , where visa on arrival facility is available, after his escape.Palande, Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh, all former associates of gangster Santosh Shetty, were nabbed in connection with the murder of Tikku here last week.Tikku was found murdered in the bathroom of his first floor three-bedroom apartment in Lokhandwala Complex on April 7. His body bore six to eight stab wounds on abdomen and a computer chord was tied around his neck.Palande, who introduced himself as Karan Sood, had first met the victim's actor-son Anuj Tikku through starlet Simran Sood. Palande had told Anuj that Sood was his sister.Preliminary probe had suggested that the trio had conspired to usurp the three flats of the deceased in a high-rise building in the posh Lokhandwala area, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12831752", "title": "Connecting the dots", "text": "Business schools don't need to create more content, rather they need to curate more situational business contexts, writes Tony O'Driscoll , professor at Duke University's Fuqua School of Business, USThink about going on an exotic vacation to an island in the Caribbean. You have never been to that island and you are keen to learn more about it. You read all the travel books, brochures and online reviews you can find. You talk to others who may have been to the island . Is this a practical exercise? Most likely it is. But does all this content based inquiry substitute for actually being there feeling the heat on your face and the sand between your toes? More than likely, not.The only way to truly experience the island is actually visiting it. Traditional business education suffers a similar challenge . A professor dictates from the front of the classroom and students scrupulously take notes. Case studies are analysed, papers are assigned and exams are taken. New content points are learned, but they are often learned in a way that does not situate them in context . In short the content-driven classroom delivery format lacks the contextual richness of practical application and experience.Business schools today are overly invested in conveying content about tasks we have figured out how to do (productive learning) and under-invested in the development and sharing of insights around tasks we have not yet figured out how to do (generative learning). While productive learning focuses on teaching topical content, generative learning engages students in authentic situations that enable them to grasp an overarching business context. These two types of learning have very different form-factors and philosophical foundations.Productive learning is professionally instructed while generative learning is situationally constructed. Business education has excelled in providing productive learning. However, we have failed to help students 'connect the dots' by helping them make sense of the overall business context within which the modernday enterprise competes and creates value . In short, business schools don't need to create more content but rather they need to curate more situational business contexts .What does this look in practice? As part of Duke University's Fuqua School of Business Cross Continent programme, students travel to six different locations around the world. In Delhi, we not only have a classroom session where students learn about the tensions and transitions in India's dynamic economy. In addition, they head to the streets to interview different stakeholder groups and find out for themselves the reality on the ground via visits to companies and interactions with leaders from the region.They then come back and report on their findings and together they generate new insights based on their on-theground experience in the region.By 'thinking outside of the classroom' we have developed an educational form-factor that blends topical content and situational contexts to create a truly embedded and connected learning experience for tomorrow's global leaders of consequence. (The writer teaches in the school's Cross Continent programme, which features residencies in India, among other parts of the world)Next Week In Education Times: Be part of a classroom experience to find out more about the Cross Continent MBA programme", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12830943", "title": "High court denies revolver licence to lawyer, says it\u2019s \u2018negative trend\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: Observing that a lawyer must possess only legal authorities, not weaponry, and citing 'negative trends' in legal profession, the Madras high court has refused to ask the Puducherry government to issue revolver licence to a lawyer.Justice K Chandru, dismissing an advocate's prayer to direct the Puducherry administration to issue him fresh arms licence, said: \"The apprehensions raised by the petitioner that since he was involved in sensitive cases, it required possession of a revolver, does not stand to any reason.\"Referring to another murder of a lawyer on the metropolitan magistrate court premises at Egmore a few years ago, he said: \"Possessing a revolver will also have its own implications, especially due to negative trends that have started to appear in the legal profession.\"Citing US law on right to possess arms, Justice Chandru said the right to bear arms has come under scathing criticism in view of increasing illegal incidents. \"The university and school campuses were not spared due to trigger-happy maniacs running riot and killing many.\"The advocate had applied for an arms licence, stating that since he was dealing in civil cases concerning land grabbing, there was a likelihood of threat to his life. While denying him the licence, the Puducherry district magistrate and the sub-divisional magistrate (north) held that the lawyer had not lodged any complaint about the threat.Justice Chandru, holding that there was no illegality in the refusal, said: \"A lawyer must possess only legal authorities and not weaponry since he has only to address the court and not his clients' opponents. In case of any personal danger, he can always request the police for protection, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12837522", "title": "Kudankulam nuclear plant to be commissioned in 40 days: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first unit of the Kudankulam nuclear power project is expected to start generating electricity in the next 40 days, minister of state in the Prime Minister's Office V Narayanasamy said on Monday.He said the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) officials were at the Kudankulam project site and inspecting the plant.\"The first reactor of 1000 MW will be operational within 40 days from today,\" Narayanasamy told reporters here.He said the AERB was expected to give its certification to the plant in about a week after which uranium -- the fuel for power generation -- will be loaded in the plant.\"We will have a trial run for 20 days after which the first reactor will start generating power,\" Narayanasamy said, adding the second unit of 1000 MW was expected to be commissioned within two months of the first one.He said over 2000 engineers, from India and Russia, were working day and night for the purpose of power generation from the project.\"We are fast moving into the direction of generating electricity from Kundankulam Nuclear Power Project,\" he said.The Tamil Nadu government was cooperating with the Centre with regards to the project, Narayanasamy said.The Rs 15,824-crore project had witnessed eight-month- long protests from anti-nuclear power groups and some locals who had apprehensions on the safety aspects of the plant.The work on the plant was suspended in October last year soon after the hot-run which a process to test the reactor systems and pipelines using dummy fuel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12829941", "title": "Bus Rapid Transit System Cruises into expansion track", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A debate over improving connectivity to Gujarat International Finance Tec-City (GIFT) city has been vexing the state government for long. With nearly 10 floors of 22 of the towers ready at GIFT SEZ site, the urban development department is mulling over the feasibility of taking a BRTS up to the heart of the project. The discussion is on for the last one month in the state urban development department. The new transport may also require a new bridge to be constructed across the Sabarmati river between Pandit Deendayal Petroleum University (PDPU) and GIFT city.Since metro-rail is taking its own sweet time and that it will be quite a while before the rail completes its two phases, it seemed prudent that the BRTS be a sure shot transport for the finance city. The plan which was discussed amongst closed circles in the top bureaucracy.\"There are critical issues to be dealt with before the idea is approved. This plan involves running BRTS and Metrorail parallel to each other for nearly 11 kilometers which means competing for passengers. The second issue being whether GIFT should have a choice for alternative transport like the BRTS, which will be cheaper than a metro rail. The BRTS will have a greater reach into the talent pool that stays in Ahmedabad. Thirdly investors who are interested to come to GIFT will consider accessibility to the place as its not only the software professionals who will work there, but a gamut of workforce that will involve class II, class III,\" says a senior official in the urban development department.Other issues that would be dealt with will be environment clearance for the PDPU bridge towards GIFT city. \"The BRTS can come up at one-third the cost of a metro rail and can be a faster project to implement. Besides by the time phase III of the Ahmedabad BRTS comes up in the next two years, almost every corner of Ahmedabad will be linked. This will be quite helpful for GIFT city, \"adds the official.The urban development department may have to float a special purpose vehicle (SPV) on the lines of the Ahmedabad Janmarg Limited (AJL) to overlook the construction of the BRTS network which will be undertaken from Chandkheda towards Koba circle, the Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar highway and then turn right towards Gift city via the PDPU and Gujarat National Law Univesity (GNLU) road. The new route if approved will also see BRTS cross a new bridge to a reach GIFT.Issues That Are Being Debated1. Should BRTS and Metrorail compete for passengers for a certain length on Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar highway2. Whether people who work at GIFT city should have a choice of an alternative and cheap transport like the BRTS3. The new bridge across Sabarmati river near PDPU university will require an union ministry of forests and environment nod4. Should a new special purpose vehicle (SPV) be formed for the Chandkheda-GIFT city BRTS project", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12830000", "title": "Association of biology teachers holds conference", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Deliberating on the latest research work in the field of biological Sciences, association of Biology teachers organized the 15th annual conference on Sunday at Postgraduate Government College for Girls, Sector 42, and more than 100 delegates from across the country participated. Eco-activist Balbir Singh Seechewal was the chief guest, and he stressed on the need to understand the importance of rivers.\"We need water just like we need air to breathe. Our mission for clean water started from Punjab's Kali Bein rivulet and we hope everyone joins in. Pollution is global and must be controlled,\" he said. He said contaminated water can be treated and used for irrigation, as done in Seechewal village and nearby areas. \"The purified water has been directed to the fields,\" he said. Biology teachers released their official journal \"Biospectrum\" and an exhibition was organized by the college society \"Best out of waste\". Saplings were planted to commemorate the World Earth Day.Zoology professor in PU Neelima R Kumar delivered the key note address on aspects of environmental management. It was announced that the association will provide financial assistance to its members for research on environmental preservation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12830006", "title": "Pay polytechnic lecturers soon: MLC urges govt", "text": "MYSORE: MLC Marithibbegowda on Sunday charged the government with not paying remuneration and daily allowance to the lecturers of unaided polytechnics who have evaluated the answer scripts of polytechnic exams five months ago.Speaking to reporters here, he urged the director of the department of technical education to immediately pay the remuneration and allowances. \"Delay in payment is unjust, and this shows the government's negligence towards lecturers,\" he added.He also accused the government of not revising the salaries of assistant teachers, headmasters of high schools and II PUC lecturers \"in spite of 10 reminders\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12837496", "title": "After Nayantara, it's Trisha for Prabhu Deva", "text": "If it is one thing that gets great media attention involving cinema stars nowadays, it is the parties. The IPL had star parties that started the partying fever across the country. Now it seems like, the fever has affected some stars in Tamil cinema too.Recently, Venkat Prabhu threw a party for Mankatha success and it got media attention because of Sona - Charan ugly spat. However, now Prabhu Deva seems to have thrown a big birthday bash to his close circle of friends and colleagues. The dance star's party has now drawn the attention of media for one reason - Trisha marking her presence in the bash!Prabhu Deva, the dancer - director and actor, has not faced anything good in recent times. His last two directorial ventures, Engeyum Kadhal and Vedi, did not make a mark for him in the industry. More than the movie failures, he broke up with Nayanthara, which created one of the greatest controversial love tales that the Tamil cinema industry has ever witnessed. Now that Nayanthara has moved on from the relationship and has started acting movies again, it is now time for Prabhu Deva to take steps to move on from the soreness caused by his relationship with Nayanthara.Recently, Prabhu Deva threw a big party on the behalf of his birthday at his very own bungalow. He had invited his friends and some people from the industry including Trisha. It seems like the party went great and was full of fun. Trisha who partied hard with Prabhu Deva became so excited about attending the party that she even tweeted about the party. In addition to this, she also shared a picture taken at the party featuring her and Prabhu Deva. The Mankatha girl also showed her gratitude to Prabhu Deva for giving her one of the best movies of her career in Telugu, Nuwostanante Nenoddantana. Nuwostanante Nenoddantana is Prabhu Deva's maiden venture as a director in Telugu starring Trisha and Siddharth in the lead.When asked about the party, Trisha stated that she usually gets very little time to unwind. She also added that Prabhu Deva's party gave her a great chance to get along with her friends!Source: Dailomo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "jawahar nagar", "code": "12829843", "title": "He's promoting Bhangra abroad", "text": "JAWAHAR NAGAR: Punjabi folk dance Bhangra has now unfurled its wings overseas. Krishan Kumar, the 23-year-old Bhangra performer has spread his talent in South Korea, Poland and other countries.Kumar studies MBA at GNIMT and his father Joginder Pal said the boy had been associated with Bhangra since his childhood. \"I was always enthusiastic to see artistes perform on various occasions such as Baisakhi, in school and college. I performed on stage when I was studying Class IX at Guru Nanak High School in Sargodha colony. My performance was liked by everyone, and showered praises on me.'' Discussing his special moments, Kumar said, \"I was in Class XI at PAU Senior Secondary School when I began to teach Bhangra basics to other students as well. My teacher Gurmeet Kaur Chhina supported me and trained me well.''Talking about his visits abroad, he said, \"I performed Bhangra in eight world folk festivals in Poland, Lithuania and Latvia in 2009 and one world folk festival competition in Cheonan, South Africa. I performed at the Korean festival organized by the Embassy of Korea in 2011.''Kumar wants to keep promoting the folk dance in more countries and hopes to perform in America. \"Every youngster should learn Bhangra as it is our culture, our tradition,'' he remarked.Director of Punjab Cultural Promotion Council, an organization that works to promote Punjabi culture nationally and internationally, Davinder Singh Chhina, praised Krishan and said: \"He would be a star attraction of the organization this year in European festivals.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12830321", "title": "Development work to harm Curca church: Locals", "text": "PANAJI: A picture postcard view of Curca church perched on the edge of the hill is likely to be a thing of the past if development around it goes ahead.The parishioners have submitted a memorandum to town and country planning department and other authorities, urging their intervention to stop any activity on the ecologically fragile slope.\"The development work is hazardous for the hillock and the church as there are possibilities of large-scale landslides or soil erosion,\" the memorandum signed by the villagers including parish priest, Fr Agnelo Quadros stated.Our Lady of Rosary Church was built in the 16th century and is one of the oldest churches in Goa.The site of the Hindu crematorium is also located in the vicinity. \"If any constructions are allowed on the sloping land, it is bound to hurt the religious sentiments of the local community,\" the memorandum stated.The villagers also pointed out that the slope is steep and beyond the permissible limit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12829859", "title": "Homebuyers pin hope on Friday verdict", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Homebuyers are keeping their fingers crossed as the Supreme Court will decide the fate of their housing units in Noida Extension on April 27. The apex court will hear a petition filed by farmers seeking the quashing of land acquired by Greater Noida Authority in Bisrakh village. Around 608 hectares of land acquired from Bisrakh comprises Sector 1 of Greater Noida, along with parts of Sector 3. Around 15 residential projects are already under construction in Sector 1.The petitioners have challenged the Allahabad high court's verdict of October 21, 2011. \"We have challenged the verdict because it did not quash land acquired from Bisrakh village using the urgency clause of the land acquisition act,\" said farmer lawyer Parmindera Bhati. The case has been filed by Dharampal of Bisrakh village, along with nine others, versus the state government of Uttar Pradesh. \"Land in Shahberi and Patwadi villages was denotified on the grounds that it was acquired throught the misuse of the act's urgency clause. There is no reason that land in Bisrakh should not be denotified,\" said Bhati.While the Supreme Court had quashed acquisition of around 158 hectares of land in Shahberi village, the Allahabad high court had denotified 589 hectares of land in Patwadi village in July last year, sending real estate projects underway in the region into a tizzy. \"With 608 hectares of acquired land, Bisrakh comprises a major chunk of Noida Extension. Around 80 per cent of land in Noida Extension would be back in the possession of farmers if the court quashes acquisition in Bisrakh,\" said Bhati.Even as homebuyers are waiting for the NCR Planning Board to approve Master Plan 2021 of Greater Noida so that construction work on housing projects in Noida Extension can resume, the outcome of Friday's judgement would have far-reaching consequences on the fates of those who have booked housing units in Sector 1 of Greater Noida. \"A verdict that goes against the interest of homebuyers would spell disaster,\" said Ravi Garg, who has booked a flat under the Panchsheel Greens project. \"Middle-income buyers, who are under the burden of home loans, would be pushed into a financial abyss. We hope the judiciary safeguards our interests,\" added Garg.As per the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India (CREDAI), around 15 housing projects are underway in the sector. Said vice-resident CREDAI (NCR), Anil Sharma, \"There are around 35,000 housing units, out of which many have been booked by homebuyers. The cost of the projects is more than Rs 15,000 crore. Developers have already pumped in around Rs 3,000 crore\".Besides, Greater Noida Authority has also invested thousands of crores towards developmental work in Sector 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12830097", "title": "On the road less travelled", "text": "GURGAON: Praveen Kumar , HUDA's administrator, has been in charge of the department since November last year. After being transferred from Faridabad, where he was the deputy commissioner, Kumar had raised the hopes of Gurgaonites that he would bring about changes which have been due for a long time.While he has been successful in removing encroachments along the roads in several HUDA sectors and HUDA markets, in developing parks, in repairing a few damaged roads and in constituting committees in each sector consisting of one HUDA official and members from the RWA for reforms, the residents complain that there has been no infrastructural development in the district. Also, the demand by several municipal councillors to get HUDA areas transferred to MCG jurisdiction has remained unfulfilled.His six months in the department have been marred by a few incidents which show the extent of resistance officials have offered to changes being brought about by him. The administrator had also initiated a few \"open darbars\" to dispose of long-pending cases in the department and had also \"instructed\" his officials to return \"any bribe\" accepted from residents after the matter was brought to light.During the very first month of his stay, the administrator became unpopular among his subordinates when he caught a peon \"accepting\" a bribe on behalf of other seniors in the department. He had slapped the peon - Mukesh Kumar - to make it clear to him that such indiscipline would not be tolerated in the department and subsequently called for his suspension.The next of such incidents was in February this year when he had ordered suspension of his estate officer II, Mukesh Solanki for furnishing incorrect documents in Punjab and Haryana high court favouring a Sector 29 parking contractor. The administrator had made parking free in the Sector 29 HUDA market but the parking contractor got a stay from the high court after Solanki's reports. The administrator had also ordered sealing of the EO II office so that the suspended officer did not have access to official documents. Solanki is fighting his suspension in court.The latest has been the suspension order of his personal assistant Balbir Kamboj who had dared to send three important files pertaining to the Solanki case to his office without informing the administrator. On finding his involvement, Kumar immediately issued suspension orders.There have been instances, according to the administrator, where residents have complained of corruption by the department officials but the administrator says his hands are tied since they fear to give proof in written. However, critics speculate that the administrator might be targeting a certain group of officials as they are from a different community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12836148", "title": "Now Cheryl to spill the beans on Simon Cowell", "text": "It seems to be a season of revelations. After the unauthorised book on the life of Simon Cowell by investigative journalist Tom Bower revealed intimate details about Cowell's life, Cheryl Cole is said to be bringing out her own tell-all book about Cowell.Cheryl is allegedly plotting her revenge on her ex boss after Bower's autobiography revealed that Cowell secretly wanted to sleep with her all along. He said (in thenewsbook), \"I would have liked an affair with Cheryl. I felt like a mouse being played by a beautiful cat. She would drop her eyes and play the soulful victim to get around me. She played me.\"Cowell's comments are said to have outraged Cheryl, who told a friend, \"How could he embarrass me like this? He was an uncle figure to me and to think all along he was trying to hit on me. It's disgusting and creepy.\"And the petite singer is also wondering about the advise Cowell gave her when she was going through a public and rather humiliating separation with her now ex-husband, Ashley Cole . A source added, \"Simon not only offered her a warming shoulder to cry on, but handed her numbers for respected divorce lawyers, persuading her to get rid and push forward with her career. Yet now she wonders - did he have a vested interest?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12831650", "title": "UPSC prelims: Tips on how to crack the exam", "text": "With the UPSC prelims to be held on May 20, Education Times offers tips on how to crack the examWhen it comes to cracking a national level competitive exam, it is more important to study productively rather than putting in the number of hours.Muhammed Ali Shahib (rank 226), All India Civil Services Exams , 2011, says that a thorough preparation is all that one needs. Time management is important, he feels, adding that it does not matter if one studies for 16-17 hours a day or more, unless it is productive.\"With the prelims approaching , candidates must start revising and solving problems in particular subjects,\" he stresses. \"I had started preparing two years prior to the exams. For CSAT, candidates need to develop a capacity to read extensively and analyse a particular piece of writing. Also, candidates must not only read to gain information , but try and understand the language, structure and usage of words,\" says Shahib.Subject wiseThe right selection of subjects is one of the keys to cracking the exam, says GSG Ayyangar, joint secretary (operations), National Intelligence Grid (NATGRID), ministry of home affairs, New Delhi. \"It is important that candidates pick up subjects they are comfortable with,\" he says.It is easier to score in general studies - a multiple-choice paper divided into five or six sections - in the prelims. Candidates must, therefore, be thorough with current affairs and make sure that they read newspapers and magazines.Ideally, Ayyangar stresses, one should start preparations for prelims three months prior to the exam. One should also simultaneously prepare for at least one paper for the mains. \"Putting in six to seven hours every day should suffice,\" he says.Topper talkS Divyadharshini, UPSC 2010 topper, says that strict adherence to study schedules and astute planning are the route to success. \"I would revise for about three to four hours a day and spend another four hours updating on facts and general knowledge. During this time, I also started practising mock question papers,\" she says.She believes that the focus needs to be on acing CSAT, because a good score allows a candidate to gain an edge over his/her competitors. \"Needless to say, UPSC gives significant importance to general studies, but more often than not, the section tends to be unpredictable, which means that it is a gamble if you decide to focus on that. The CSAT paper, though, allows you to focus on one area that you know you have a chance of doing well in. This is undoubtedly a section where candidates can gain an edge.\"On the other hand, Shilpa Gourisaria, IAS (2009), sub divisional officer, Haldia, West Bengal, believes that preparation for both prelims and mains should be synchronised. She also emphasises on management of time and resources along with a regular study schedule.\"A vast syllabus, which practically covers everything under the sun, makes it a daunting task. Mock tests can also help gain confidence before the prelims,\" she advises.S Anantharaman, divisional railway manager, Southern Railways, Chennai, adds that there is no denying the high levels of motivation required to crack the UPSC exam. However, as Anantharaman points out, \"The Sixth Pay Commission has ensured that salaries of civil servants are attractive.\"So earning a fat pay packet, along with a social status, are definitely the perks to look forward to.- With inputs from Rajani Yadav in Kolkata; Jude Sannith in Chennai and Vatsala Shrangi in Delhi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12829494", "title": "Land acquisition begins for 1600 MW power plant in Khandwa", "text": "BHOPAL: Land acquisition process for setting up 1600 mega watt (mw) Shri Dada Dhuriwale thermal power station (SDDTPS) - a joint venture of state run MP power generating company limited (MPPGCL) and Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL), has begun in Khandwa district of the state.\"We have started off the process of acquiring 1000 acres of land for multi-crore project,\" SDDTPS managing director (MD) Y K Rastogi told TOI.He said that of 1000 acres land, 940 acres was private property. \"We have also applied for environment clearance and coal linkage for the project,\" he added.Rastogi said that the estimated cost of commissioning the project is around Rs 10,500 crore under which two units of 800 mw each will come up. He said Khandwa was having ample water needed for thermal power generation.SDDTPS MD said the project is likely to come up in the 12th five year plan underway from this year.He said that after getting the environment clearance from ministry of forest, tenders will be issued to raise the power station. He said after the issuance of bids, the first unit of 600 mw is expected to come up in 42 months and the second one in 48 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12830175", "title": "Auto driver shot dead in Sector 38", "text": "GURGAON: A 44-year-old auto driver was shot dead by an unknown person on Sunday morning. The incident took place in Sector 38 near Islampur village. An FIR has been lodged at the Sadar police station against the accused.According to the police, Brahmpal, a resident of Islampur village, was an auto driver for the past many years. Like other days, he left his house in his auto around 5am on Sunday and was headed towards Subhash Chowk.When he reached a Mother Dairy booth in Sector 38, the assailant shot at him from the the back side and fled. Brahmpal died on the spot, said the police.A police team headed by sub-inspector Rani Devi reached the spot and took the body in their custody. Brahmpal's family members denied the possibility of any rivalry between the victim and the accused. \"We have lodged an FIR based on the statement of the victim's brother,\" said Rajiv Kumar, ACP, Sadar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12830539", "title": "Panel hikes relief to senior citizen", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa state consumer disputes redressal commission has enhanced the compensation awarded to a senior citizen for deficiency in service by a telephone/internet service provider from 15,000 to 50,000.The complainant, V B Prabhu Verlekar, a chartered accountant from Panaji , had claimed compensation of 25,000. But, the North Goa consumer disputes redressal forum had awarded him only 15,000. Aggrieved by that order, Verlekar appealed to the commission which hiked his compensation, stating that 15,000 was \"grossly inadequate\" for the kind of trouble that Verlekar was subjected to.Verlekar had filed the case against Reliance Infocomm services. In April 2006, Verlekar booked a telephone and internet connection from Reliance by paying a sum of 800. Though he was assured the telephone and internet connection within two days, it was never installed. But months later, Verlekar not only got several bills for the non-existent telephone connection, but a few company representatives also barged into his office in the presence of his staff and clients and demanded he pay the outstanding bills causing him much humiliation and pain.In his complaint, Verlekar demanded refund of 800 with 21% interest from April 5, 2006; damages of 5 lakh for humiliation, loss of reputation, wastage of time etc; compensation of 25,000 for inordinate delay caused and costs of 10,000.However, the district forum awarded him a refund of 800 with interest at the rate of 15% pa from April 15, 2006 and compensation and cost of 15,000. Besides enhancing the compensation to 50,000, the commission also awarded him 5,000 for inordinate delay and another 5,000 as cost of appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "12830889", "title": "Theft cases on the rise, police apathy alleged", "text": "PATIALA: Theft cases are on the rise in Patiala and 18 cases have been reported in the last 10 days.Four theft cases have been registered in the Civil Lines police station under which many posh areas of city fall.Sadar police station is at the second place with three cases of theft while Kotwali, Urban Estate, Pasiana and some other police stations of city have registered two cases each during the last 10 days.Many complainants, requesting anonymity, alleged that they had to make many rounds before registration of theft cases of their vehicles while in some cases, cops registered single FIR, clubbing many theft cases, despite the fact that the victims don't have any relation with each other.Civil Lines police station has registered a single FIR for theft of three motorcycles, said a complainant.\"We have been conducting investigations and these would be solved very soon,\" said Harpreet Singh , who is conducting investigations into theft in seven shops in Ghanaur area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "12830302", "title": "Rourkela dances with joy at local girl's feat", "text": "ROURKELA: All of Steel City waited for the moment in bated breath. And when it finally came, a wave of euphoria swept Rourkela on Saturday night as local girl Rajasmita Kar created history by winning a national-level popular reality dance show title.Rajasmita's family, fans and citizens, who were glued to television sets during her performance at the grand finale , erupted in joy soon after she was adjudged the winner. Rajasmita was in cloud nine too.\"It is a great moment for me. I am grateful to my supporters, family and judges,\" an elated Rajasmita said.\"My daughter has made us proud. She performed brilliantly through out the competition. We were optimistic about her success,\" her mother Ranjita Kar said.Locals came out to the streets and celebrated her success by bursting crackers and distributing sweets. A big welcome party awaits Rajasmita at her hometown. \"We are eagerly waiting for her return from Mumbai. She will be accorded a grand reception for the great achievement,\" said Asesh Mohanty, a local councilor.A massive campaign was launched here in the Steel City to garner support for Rajasmita prior to her final performance. Rajasmita enthralled the viewers with her scintillating performances in the final round of the competition.According to sources, Rajasmita polled as many as 48,89,030 votes to win the contest whereas Pradeep, the runner up, secured 34,94,361 votes. Raghab, the third position holder, got 34,81,685 votes. As many as hundred talented participated were shortlisted after auditions in different parts of the country for competition, out of which five had entered the grand finale.The performance of Rajasmita, through the contest, received wide appreciation not only from audience all over the country, but also from experts like Mithun Chakrabarty , Rimo Desouza, Torens and Gita Kapoor. Rajsmita won a brand new Maruti Ertiga along with cash prize and trophy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12828859", "title": "26 hurt in road mishap, seven critical", "text": "GUWAHATI: At least 26 passengers were injured when a Guwahati-bound bus they were travelling in, rammed into a stationary truck near Sonapur around 3:15 pm on Sunday. Seven of them are in critical condition and have been admitted to Guwahati Medical College and Hospital, about 30 km away from the site of the accident.Officer in-charge of Khetri police station AK Bora said, \"The truck had a punctured tyre and was coming from the other direction when the public bus rammed into it.\" he said, adding that 18 injured passengers were immediately rushed to the Khetri civil hospital.The bus driver is absconding, police said. The GMCH officials said of the 18 passengers, 12 have been admitted to the emergency ward of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12829555", "title": "Candlelight vigil for Ansh at Jantar Mantar", "text": "NEW DELHI: On Sunday, about 100-odd people - members of Ansh Agarwal's extended family and their friends - came together at Jantar Mantar to protest against the killing of the 16-year-old, who was lynched to death by about 30 \"friends\" in Mumbai.He had angered a person by intervening on behalf of a girl and asking him to stop sending her lewd messages. Organized mainly by Aggarwal's Delhi-based maternal family, word about the candle-light vigil was spread through the internet. They lit candles, held placards and had two messages for the public - it could happen to you and that citizens should learn to step in when they see someone in trouble.\"The most shocking part was that it was his friends who did it,\" says Khushboo Gupta, 19, a college-student and Ansh's cousin, \"Friendship has no meaning now.\" For his uncle Narendra Jain, who had gone to Mumbai as soon as he came to know of it, the incident is symptomatic of a larger malaise. \"He was just opposing eve-teasing. He was not a criminal,\" says Jain, \"What are the teachers teaching them?\" he said.\"It is the environment around us. Kids are living like machines. There's no human touch in their computerized lives,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12830199", "title": "Water crisis deepens in Athani villages", "text": "BELGAUM: The drought situation has turned from bad to worse in the district, especially in Athani taluk. With the drying up of Krishna river, the taluk is struggling for drinking water. And the hope of getting water from Koyna Dam remains a pipe dream for people of the region.The administration has been supplying drinking water to 39 villages in the taluk through tankers. There are three multi-village drinking water supply schemes implemented in the taluk, covering 45 villages. But all three are based on river Krishna. Of them Kakamari scheme covering 14 villages stopped recently, following the river drying up. Local administration is being supplied water through tankers in these villages.Madabhavi scheme covering 18 villages and Balligeri scheme covering 13 villages are still working, as they avail water source also from Hipparagi barrage. According to tahsildar G R Shilavantar, both schemes may also stop working in the next one or two weeks if water is not released from the Koyna Dam in Maharashtra. \"I have also written to the panchayat raj engineering department to take up works like digging of new borewells, besides flushing and repairing of borewells on a war footing, to tackle future water crisis,\" he said.The government has opened five goshalas in the taluk at Telsang, Shirur, Gundewadi, Anantpur and Aigali, where around 1,528 heads of cattle have been sheltered.This apart, a proposal has been placed to open more 14 goshalas in taluk at Katageri, Kokatnur, Aratal, Kottalagi, Kakamari, Yalihadalagi, Adahalli, Kohalli, Mangasuli, Madabhavi, Khillegaon, Tanvashi, Sambargi and Balligeri villages.Speaking to TOI, deputy director of animal husbandry department B S Jambagi said places have been identified in all the 14 villages and goshals will be opened on the direction of the taskforces headed by local MLAs. Former minister Laxman Savadi represents Athani constituency while Raju Kage represents Kagwad constituency in the taluk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12831746", "title": "India's skill factor", "text": "India , the world's second most populous country, is a rapidly growing economy with its own set of issues. While its population can become a competitive advantage , the country is having to combat a large-scale skill gap amongst its workforce.The ministry of human resource development (MHRD), in order to improve skills, is looking at mainstream vocational education as part of the formal education system in the country. According to the MHRD, by 2025, India aims to skill 500 million people. While 12.8 million people enter the labour force every year, the current skill gap is that of around eight million.Speaking at the India-UK round table on innovation and skills development , organised by the MHRD and the UK-India Education and Research Initiative (Ukieri) in the Capital recently, Kapil Sibal , Union HRD minister said,\"The challenges to skill development include industry involvement and meeting the pace of technology. For example, automobiles are a booming sector in India and its growth will soon result in an increased demand for engineers. Shortage of teachers is another challenge in which the private sector too can be of great help,\" he said.On the growing use of technology in the education sector, he added, \"The nature of technology keeps changing and keeping pace with that is a challenge in which even the skilled force becomes redundant. We need to make breakthroughs like the Aakash tablet. Once we freeze the design and technology on Aakash, its cost will further come down to Rs 1,500, which is about US$ 35.\"Road AheadEstablishment of:1,500 ITIs 5,000 skill development centres 15 advanced training institutes (for training instructors) 12 regional vocational centresFor vocationalisation of secondary education:Development of 250 competency-based modules for each individual vocational course Strengthen open schools", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12828797", "title": "Patowary 'not power hungry'", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chandra Mohan Patowary addressed his last press conference as Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) president on Sunday and announced that he will not participate in the race for AGP's next president.Patowary said, \"I have decided to keep away from the tussle of power inside the party. I have never been greedy for power; I left the post of the leader of the opposition to Prafulla Mahanta even when I was leading the party in 2010. For me, the party comes first and I am ready to sacrifice everything for my party,\" he said.He expressed unhappiness over the developments within the party in the last couple of days. \"I thought the party leaders would opt for a consensus president, but since the process of finding a consensus leader failed, I decided to quit contesting for the post of party president. There were talks about me joining the tussle, but I decided against it,\" he said.While wishing luck to all candidates contesting the party poll, Patowary said he will not vote in the party poll. \"According to the party constitution, I will have to function as the party president till the general house meeting, which will be held next month. So as the president, I will not be voting in this poll until there is a tie,\" he added.Chandra Mohan Patowary took over as AGP party president from Brindaban Goswami on September 30, 2008. It was he, who took the initiative to re-assemble the party's decedent camps under one umbrella. \"I am happy that I have succeeded to strengthen the party by reconciling al the various groups under one umbrella. However, when the party faced a poll debacle last year, I immediately resigned on moral grounds, which was not accepted later,\" he added. Patowary concluded his speech saying that he would continue serving the party in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12831749", "title": "Mapping the future", "text": "As Delhi University prepares for the admission season in July, there is a lack of clarity on the procedures to be followed. Vatsala Shrangi reportsSince the last few years, Delhi University (DU) admissions has been an issue. In 2011, when pre-registrations were scrapped, students could walk in to any college, match their cut-off marks and get admission . This gave rise to the issue of excess admissions in most DU colleges.With this in mind, a 16-member panel was formed by the university last November to review and recommend an admission policy for 2012-13 . According to SK Garg, principal , Deen Dayal Upadhyaya College and convenor of the panel, \"A centralised registration system is likely to be followed for admissions 2012-13 as scrapping of pre-registrations last year had created issues.\"The panel has agreed that decentralisation of the registration process will be a retrograde step, which will lead to hardships for both students and parents if they have to go to individual colleges for registration.While most teachers across colleges claim that the scrapping of the pre-registration system was a failed attempt on part of the varsity, there are few who believe it was a better option.According to some teachers, however, a decentralised system where each college registers candidates using their individual application forms, is the best way forward.Karen Gabriel, department of English, St Stephen's College, says, \"Last year, admissions were a complete chaos. It left students , parents and even colleges in panic till the last moment. Colleges should be allowed to do their own registrations. It gives them a fair idea of the number of applications and the preference of courses.\"GS Chilana, department of chemistry, Ramjas College, however , feels that there is no point in pre-registration . \"For a long time, I have maintained the stand that pre-registration is a waste of time and resources as no college considers applications before coming out with the cutoff list. In my view, the admission system followed in the last year should be continued.\"Last year, students were also not aware of the combination of courses available across colleges, leading to some confusion.\"This year, the university has asked colleges to send a list of course-combinations offered by them within April 30,\" says a DU official on condition of anonymity.Sports admissions in 2011 were also fraught with issues with the university conducting centralised trials. To amend that, the panel has recommended decentralising sports trials this year. Under this, each college will have to individually hold the trials for each particular sport.Further, the panel has also suggested revising the eligibility criteria for some courses like BCom (honours) and economics (honours) so as to include mathematics as a compulsory subject, which most colleges insist upon. As for inter-college migrations, the panel recommends that no migration should be permitted in the second and third years. Teachers feel that the migration clause is irrational and anti-student.Dinesh C Varshney, deputy dean, south campus, DU says, \"The admission policy for 2012-13 is expected to be out by next week. All the information will be put up on the website, www.du.ac.in and students need not panic.\"Key recommendations:First semester should begin on the last Monday of July and summer vacations for teachers should end a day or two before thatTime tables must be distributed before the beginning of summer vacations for 'odd' semesters and winter vacations for 'even' semestersTeaching of odd semesters to end by November; semester exams to be held in the first half of DecemberWinter break should start from mid-December and continue till January 7/8Teaching of first semester should be over by April; examinations to be conducted by third week of MayMid-semester breaks should be organised in such a way that they cover main festivals", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12829243", "title": "\u2018Minority schools should also reserve seats\u2019", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala CBSE/ICSE School Managements Association has stated that CBSE schools run by minority communities in the state are bound to reserve seats for financially backward students as per the guidelines of the Right to Education Act.\"Though the Supreme Court has excused them from the purview of the Act, the schools hold the responsibility of reservation,\" said advocate T V M Ibrahim Khan, president of the association.In a release, the association said that it was opposed to only the interference of the earlier Left government when the control actually rested with the central government.Khan said a special committee could be set up to clear the confusion regarding the implementation of RTE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12830884", "title": "Tribal activist fails to impress Melghat villagers", "text": "NAGPUR: Melghat tribals on Friday failed to get carried away by a section of tribal activists from Pune against relocation of villages inside the Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR) in Amravati.Last year, three villages - Amona, Barukheda and Nagartas - from the Wan wildlife sanctuary and this year, Dhargad (barring a few houses) - were relocated from MTR. In February, TOI had reported how villagers were better off post-resettlement.Pune-based Kusum Karnik, who works for tribal welfare and runs an NGO called Shaswat in Manchar near Bhimashankar, was in Kasod near Akot on Friday to meet villagers who were relocated from Amona in Wan. She was accompanied by some activists whom she introduced as villagers from the Bhimashankar sanctuary in Pune.Karnik raised the issue of water and bad roads in Kasod. She also asked people whether they were happy and why they opted for relocation. Villagers did not like it as it was like rubbing salt into their wounds.\"The water problem has already been solved. Earlier, villagers used to walk three km to fetch water but now there are bore wells and wells in the village. Roads are being made under EGS,\" said honorary district wildlife warden of Akola Devendra Telkar.According to Telkar, people told Karnik that there was no point in staying in the tiger reserve as there were no education and better healthcare facilities.To this, Karnik said tribals don't need much education and health facilities.Talking to TOI, Karnik said that tribals have been living in the forests since ages. On education, she said that ashramshalas can solve the problem. She accused the officials of forceful relocation.\"Tribals were never told about the third option of co-existence,\" she added. It implies that tribals should live in the tiger reserve only. Karnik didn't come out with any alternative package.As present, resettlement of Dhargad is on and NGOs from Akola and Amravati are busy helping tribals to resettle smoothly. NGO representatives Uday Waze, Amol Sawant, Nilesh Dehankar and Anant Gawande were also present during Karnik's visit.\"Karnik's statement has shocked us. Tribals themselves are demanding resettlement as they know that they don't have a future in the reserve. Besides, they are getting a package of Rs 10 lakh per family,\" Waze said.After seeing that resettlement was not an issue in Kasod, Karnik left for Somthana, a village inside Wan which is in the process of being relocated. She was accompanied by Akot deputy conservator of forests VM Godbole and others.In Somthana, Karnik told villagers that she visited resettled village Kasod and saw their problems. Why do they want to rehabilitate? Villagers told her that Nagartas and Barukheda were remotely situated and were isolated from the outside world. \"We too are not safe as we see tigers in the day time. Besides, wild animals damage our crops,\" they said.To this Karnik said all villages together should have been opposed rehabilitation like she did in Bhimashankar.\"This is a conspiracy of the forest department to divide villagers. Amona, Nagartas and Barukheda were forced to leave. Now it's Somthana's turn,\" she said.When pointed out that villagers were keen to move out, Karnik said they were saying so because forest officials were present during the meeting. She gave examples of Churni, Pastalai and Vairat villages in MTR where villgers are co-existing. However, most families of these villages have already been relocated.In Somthana, some local tribals asked Karnik how can they get facilities like health, education etc. They also wanted to know how landless people get land inside in the forest and how can they save this land from wildlife?To this, Karnik reiterated that tribals don't need much education and health facilities. Karnik's response irked some women and they ended up having a heated argument with her.After the Somthana meeting, Karnik was asked by the officials to visit Dhargad to clear her doubts, but she left as the villagers favoured relocation.Vishal Bansod, honorary wildlife warden of Amravati, said NGOs should come to Melghat to help tribals in resettlement work and not misguide them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12829585", "title": "TNT trigger in bombing of Israeli diplomat's car", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than two months after the attack on an Israeli diplomat in the capital, the Central Forensic Science Laboratory has identified trinitrotoluene (TNT) as the explosive material used in the strike.The 31-page forensic report was handed over to Delhi Police at a time when a team is getting ready to leave for Tehran to probe the role of three Iranians - Houshang Afshar Irani, Mohammad Reza Abolghasemi and Seyed Ali Mahdian Sadr - allegedly involved in the February 13 bombing of diplomat Tal Yehoshua Koren's car. The letters rogatory, being sent to Iran , Thailand and Malaysia , are already under process.Sources say TNT has not been used widely by terrorists in India earlier. \"It is a material which is usually used by military and armed forces. There are few blasts in India where traces of TNT have been found. Terror groups in India mostly use RDX, PETN, ammonium nitrate or potassium chlorate,\" said a senior officer.CFSL deputed its senior scientists for identifying the explosive material used in the terror incident, the first time when a foreign diplomat was targeted in India. \"It is established from samples picked from the scene of crime that TNT was used as the explosive material,\" the report said. It also talks about pieces having magnetic nature that could have been used by main bomber Irani for sticking the bomb on the car.Yehoshua was seriously injured in the attack and was treated at a Delhi hospital for a few days before being flown back to Israel. The Indian driver of the car and two others were also injured.The investigators, who are in touch with intelligence agencies of other countries, feel that the attack was carried out by Tevhid-Selam-Quds, an organization that is being handled out of Iran. \"Its operatives are trained and equipped with weapons, ammunition and explosives, especially in handling of TNT and C4,\" said a source. The group has a history of carrying out terrorist attacks on Israel in other countries like those in Turkey , including the murder of Israeli security officer Ehud Sadan.Delhi Police has already arrested Indian journalist Syed Mohammed Ahmed Kazmi, who was working part-time for an Iranian news agency and Persian newspapers, for allegedly being a part of the car blast conspiracy in Delhi. He was sent to judicial custody for 14 more days on Saturday.The National Bomb Data Centre, which comes under the elite NSG, was kept away from collection of samples at the blast site by Delhi Police despite being the central nodal agency for monitoring, recording and analysing all bombing incidents in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12830427", "title": "Peace and quiet returns to BJP camp for now", "text": "BANGALORE: The BJP, battered by scams and scandals, is finally putting up a united front. The CEC bombshell recommending a CBI inquiry sent beleagured former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa running for cover and support. Mired in charges of illegal mining, he knows that he can do with all the support he can get.Yeddyurappa, who has taken enough digs at chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and state BJP chief KS Eshwarappa in the past few months, made up with both leaders on Saturday by sending his emissaries Basavaraj Bommai, CM Udasi, Umesh V Katti and Jagadish Shettar to Eshwarappa to strike a deal. Within hours, a meeting of the BJP troika - Gowda, Yeddyurappa and Eshwarappa - was arranged, where Gowda and Eshwarappa announced that the party would support Yeddyurappa in his hour of crisis.On Sunday, the former CM maintained that his attitude would change completely in the coming days. \"Even my enemies will appreciate me,\" he said on the sidelines of a private function in the city. Yeddyurappa, though, did talk tough, blaming opposition parties of being jealous of his massive support among the people and pontiffs.Meanwhile, the BJP will hold a core committee meeting before BJP troubleshooter Dharmendra Pradhan arrives in Bangalore on April 25.DVS CAN REST EASYIf the bonhomie is not an ad hoc arrangement, it's a win-win situation for Eshwarappa and Gowda. As Yeddyurappa himself initiated peace talks, the message is that he is ready to accept them as leaders and will allow them to complete their term, and will remain silent on the leadership issue.The unity also means that the proposed cabinet expansion or redistribution of portfolios will be a smooth affair, with Team Yeddyurappa posing fewer obstacles for Gowda. Eleven berths need to be filled and already, two dozen aspirants have thrown their hats into the ring. If expansion does not take place, Gowda will distribute nearly 20 portfolios among the existing ministers. With some legislators demanding cabinet expansion, it is expected to be conveyed to BJP central leaders. Pradhan is likely to bring the green signal for expansion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12829759", "title": "Company to develop new mining areas for lignite coal", "text": "JAISALMER: Rajasthan state mines and minerals limited (RSMML), looking to the increasing demand for coal for power generation this year, will develop new mining areas for lignite coal and has planned to increase coal production by 70%. In the recently ended fiscal year, RSMML from its various units has earned a profit of Rs 381.76 crore, which compared to 2010-11 has gone up by 40%, said Ajitabh Sharma, RSMML managing director.He said apart from developing new mining areas for lignite coal, RSMML is also looking to expand mining area of limestone. To boost generation of wind energy, it is going to set up 10Mw wind energy units in Jaisalmer. The company is already generating power through 106Mw units.Sharma said they have fixed a target of 10.50 lakh metric tonne lignite coal production, and after developing new area for coal mining the production will go up by 70% by next year. Similarly, this year the limestone production is expected to be 32.51 lakh tonne and next year new mining areas will further increase the production, he added. The year's target for gypsum unit is 34.76 lakh tonne and 11.80 lakh tonne for the rock phosphate unit.The company's net profit was Rs 11.36 crore in the last year. The rock phosphate unit earned a net profit of Rs 771 crore, gypsum unit a net profit of Rs 192 crore, limestone unit garnered Rs 152 crore, lignite coal unit Rs 131 crore and wind energy units brought in a net profit of Rs 54 crore.Sharma added the firm spent Rs 805 lakh over corporate social responsibility, of which Rs 370 lakh were spent on buying modern medical equipment for government medical college and hospital in Udaipur, Bikaner and Jodhpur and for developing infrastructure in the nearby villages in mining areas and Rs 435 lakh on education, drinking water, environment and other facilities. Along with Rs 82.83 lakh were given for various educational and developmental purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12829871", "title": "Health department to probe allegations of medical negligence in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: After a pregnant woman gave birth to a dead baby at home in Chaksu when the Community Health Centre's (CHC) doctors allegedly sent her home, the medical, health and family welfare department has decided to probe into the matter.The relatives of the pregnant woman had protested at the Chaksu CHC alleging the doctors were careless. The chief medical health officer (Jaipur II) Yatindra Singh said, \"We will investigate the matter as to under what circumstances the incident happened. After investigation it will be ascertained who was responsible behind it.\"On Friday morning 24-year-old Zarina, resident of Chaksu had gone for medical check-up at the Chaksu CHC. But, since she was only 8 months pregnant, the doctors did not admit her. On returning home she delivered a dead baby on Friday night.The medical department team would investigate as to why Zarina was not admitted in CHC. They will also investigate whether the birth of dead baby was a case of intrauterine death, a department official said.Denying all the allegations, the medical staff at the CHC claimed that since the woman was only 8 months pregnant, there was time for delivery. Also, she did not complain of labour pain or any other problem when she came for examination on Friday.The angry relatives of Zarina have demanded that the CHC doctor should be transferred. They alleged that the pregnant woman went for examination in the morning and was sent back home, in the evening she delivered a dead baby at home, and this shows the doctor's carelessness. Sources said that recently more such complaints were filed and the district administration probed into it. It was mentioned in the report that the CHC does not have the facility for caesarian deliveries, hence the doctors there refer such cases to Zenana Hospital in Jaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12830927", "title": "Minority community students denied status certificate", "text": "YAVATMAL: Students belonging to the minority communities are finding themselves at the receiving end as top district administration officials are engaged in kind of a war over the power to give certificates to this effect.A minority welfare cell spokesperson said after including Muslim, Christian, Sikh and some other communities in the minority list, the union government set up a special ministry to oversee their welfare and upkeep. The Jain community was also brought under this category some years ago. A few state governments have given certain concessions and reservation to these communities. To avail them, students need a certificate from the district administration.However, students in Yavatmal district are suffering as sub-divisional magistrate, tehsildar and resident deputy collector are in a dispute over the authority to issue minority community certificate. The tehsildar has referred the matter to SDO who, in turn, sent it to the resident district collector seeking clarification over the competent authority which could issue such certificates.Ironically, SDO Milind Shegaonkar had earlier issued minority status certificates to the Jain community members and a distribution function was held with much fanfare. However, when members of the Muslim, Sikh and Christian communities approached the SDO for a certificate, he directed them to tehsildar Rupesh Khandare who kicked up a row saying that he had no such authority.The Minority Action Committee then made a representation to the district collector and later launched a day-long hunger strike. The strike was withdrawn on the assurance of resolving the problem in consultation with the state government. But there has been no action since then. Spokesperson of the committee Ansar Ahmad alleged that the district administration had been acting in a different way and questioned why the certificates were issued only to the Jain community members and denied to others.Managing trustee of Yavatmal Christian Welfare Trust Dr Shyla Abraham said students of the community who want to avail of minority benefits for pursuing higher studies in educational institutions in other states are badly in need of this certificate. A few seats are reserved for them and the candidates seeking such benefits are required to produce a minority status certificate. She urged the state government to issue necessary directives to the district administration.Tehsildar Khandare admitted that the SDO had earlier issued certificates to the Jain community members and refused to issue them to others. He said that he was also approached for the certificate by some minority community members but he refused on the issue of authority and delegation of power. The resident deputy collector has referred the matter to the government for further guidelines.District collector Shrawan Hardikar termed as mistake the issuance of certificates to a particular minority community students and said that \"there are no guidelines from the government in this regard\". He said the matter has been referred to the state government seeking guidelines whether or not the administration can issue certificates to the minority community members.On the validity of the already issued certificates, Hardikar said that these were void and had no legal force. \"If the government gives us the authority to issue such certificates we would do it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12830174", "title": "Two girls killed in bike-truck collision", "text": "HUBLI: Two young girls, who were riding pillion on a bike were killed in a head-on collision between the bike and a truck at Bellatti village of Shirahatti taluk in Gadag district on Saturday.Shirahatti police said that the deceased are Ashwini Gopali, 12, and Saraswati Holi, 5. Motorist Manjunath Gopali was injured in the accident. Manjunath was going to Narayanpur from Ranatur on his bike along with the girls. The bike rammed into the sand loaded truck which was proceeding to Shirahatti from Ballatti. The two girls died on the spot.Negligence case filed against city doctorTousheeq, a resident of Kulkarni Hakkal has lodged a complaint with the Town Police alleging that his ailing mother Budanbi Gadag, 63, who went to a city doctor for treatment died due to medical negligence. Town police station inspector V N Patil told TOI that the son of the deceased suspects that his mother died after the doctor gave her an injection. Budanbi was suffering from asthma and she went to her doctor on April 18 where she received the injection.Following that she had swelling in her legs and was admitted to another hospital in the city. She died on Sunday. Postmortem report is yet to come, the inspector added.Tiff between friends ends in murderA tiff between three friends ended in murder in Kundapur on Saturday. The deceased has been indentified as Sharan, 23. Kundapur police, who are investigating the case, arrested his friends Anagalli Bharath and Gundu in this connection.Police said the trio had been to a hotel on Friday night and after having alcohol, Sharan allegedly cast aspersions on Bharath's elder sister. Enraged by this, Gundu assaulted Sharan and Bharath stabbed him with a knife. He died in a hospital in Manipal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12830855", "title": "Scientist warn famers over inclement weather", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Showers in McLeodganj and high peaks near here have brought the mercury down and chill for the tourists, but scientists have warned farmers to keep their milch animals and newly-born calves safe. They also have suggested harvesting of matured wheat crop at the earliest.A statement issued by the senior agrometerologist Dr Rajendar Prasad from Palampur Agricultural University said, \"Parts of Una, Shimla , Solan, Hamirpur, Bilaspur, Mandi and Kangra districts are under the influence of strong western disturbances, which may give rise to hail, rain and high velocity winds.\"To save the crop from weather effects, farmers should harvest the ready wheat crop and should stack it in sheds and thresh the same as weather clears, Prasad said.\"There may be fall in morning and evening temperatures. So, aged persons, milch animals and newly-born calves need to be protected from morning and evening cold in hilly areas,\" he added.However, wheat crop in many parts of Kangra district is almost ready but the weather here has taken a different curve from Saturday evening, resulting in rains in higher hills and showers in planes.Farmers have said that rains are not good for their ready wheat crops. They maintained that they were waiting for the weather to clear, but it has not happened so far.If there will be rains on ready wheat crops, it will affect the yield and bring down the rates down in the market for farmers. After the rains, these wheat grains will get moistness which will affect threshing and other processes, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12829392", "title": "DMDK man poses as cop, held", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 36-year-old DMDK activist was arrested by the police on Saturday for intimidating the supervisor of a gold ornaments manufacturing unit in RS Puram by posing as a constable.The youth was identified as K Vijay alias Vijayakumar, a resident of Bharathy Nagar in Vadavalli. He is the Vadavalli branch secretary of DMDK's youth wing, police said.According to the police, Vijay had approached T Rajan and introduced himself as a police officer. He then demanded a bribe for not involving him in a false case of running a prostitution racket. Vijay threatened him of arrest under non-bailable clauses if the amount was not paid.Rajan approached the RS Puram police and found there was no constable by that name. As directed, Rajan invited Vijay to a tea shop on Saturday. Vijay was arrested on charges of criminal intimidation and impersonation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12830096", "title": "Watch out for Jayciana", "text": "Jayciana-2012, the three-day cultural extravaganza of Sri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering (SJCE), will be held at the college premises from April 27. Jayciana, being one of the most-awaited events, is all about fun and entertainment. The event orgainzed by SJCE Students' Council It is also a platform for budding artistes to showcase their talent.Many events have been lined up for the three-day extravaganza, the highlight of which is a fashion show. Ms Jayciana competition will be held along with the fashion show. Song, dance and skit form the other events, most of which will be held on the final day. The events will be held between 6.30pm and 10pm on all the three days.The new attraction in the latest edition of Jayciana is Jayciana Roadiez, an auto show, scheduled for April 27. According to Council vice-president Vikyath, several luxury cars and superbikes will be displayed at the show. On April 28, Limca Record holder Amar Sen will display his sand art skills, and this is said to be for the first time in south India.The marathon of Jayciana had seen 1,200 participants last year. The marathons of 2010 and 2011 were to create awareness on 'Save the tigers' and corruption, respectively. This year's marathon Green Run is about environment and it will be held from 7.30am on April 24. Those interested should register themselves between 6am and 7am on April 24.The 8-km run, to be flagged off at the college premises, will pass through Gangotri Glades ground, Kukkarahalli Lake, Saraswathipuram Bake Point, Janathanagar (Maruthi tent) and Regional Institute of Education before culminating at the starting point. Over 1,500 participants are expected to take part in the event. \"Jayciana-2012 marathon will create awareness among the people on the importance of a clean and green environment,\" said event organizer Sumith.All-India Institute of Speech and Hearing (AIISH) observed World Voice Day. To increase awareness on care and conservation of voice among people, the students and staff of the institute organized a walkathon on Saturday. AIISH director Dr S R Savithri inaugurated the walkathon. The walkathon commenced at Thathaiah Statue Park and passed through Banumaiah College, Mysore City Corporation, Lakshmi Theatre Road (100 Feet Road) before ending at Ramaswamy Circle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12830588", "title": "Darda shows kids not just bricks in the wall", "text": "When school education minister Rajendra Darda launched a special drive against bogus schools across the state, leave aside managements of erring educational institutions, even his cabinet colleagues did not take him seriously nearly a year ago.It was believed to be a routine exercise and after the receipt of the report, erring schools were expected to be let off with a warning.But Darda proved them wrong and his department is canceling registrations of over 2,600 schools and even initiating criminal proceedings against principals and managements of the controversial schools.On a routine visit to Nanded, the home town of former chief minister Ashok Chavan , Darda found that at a school in a remote village, there was a huge difference between the number of students present in class and that on the attendance register.Darda summoned the zilla parishad executive officer and education officer for a survey of the district, to know for himself the number of students. It came to light that at most schools, there were many ghost students. Later, when Darda called for a comprehensive survey of the state, the revelations were more shocking.In more than 2,600 schools, attendance was less than 10%, while they were receiving complete grants. When it appeared that the crucial report was gathering dust in the corridors of power, Darda knocked at the doors of the cabinet, which accepted the report in toto and simultaneously told the education department to initiate criminal proceedings against managements of the erring schools.It was possible for Darda to take on the powerful managements of private schools since he does not own a school, college or deemed university.Did CAG exceed brief?High-profile public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal is the first cabinet member from Maharashtra to take on the comptroller and auditor-general (CAG) over the crucial report on allotment of land to ministers from the state. Since the reports were tabled in both Houses on the last day of the session, there was hardly an debate. But during the budget session, there were allegations and counter-allegations after the report was leaked.It was found that the CAG had taken objection to the manner in which plots were allotted to trusts and educational institutions and prima facie, basic rules were flouted, or the land was not used for the purpose for which it was allotted. The trusts were directly or indirectly controlled by Bhujbal, former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh , industries minister Narayan Rane , agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil and forest minister Patangrao Kadam.CAG reports are never one-sided and whenever tabled, they contain observations of the state government, particularly the department concerned on the allegations or irregularities. Bhujbal's contention was that it was well within the CAG's powers to review the allotments, but it was exceeding its jurisdiction when it questioned the policy itself.Some senior cabinet members felt that CAG reports are being taken very seriously at all levels and corrective measures are being taken, but in the present case, it appears that he has exceeded his brief.MNS raj in cityMaharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) founder president Raj Thackeray has emerged more powerful after the Nitish Kumar episode. The incident once again established that it was the Shiv Sena and now it was the MNS ruling in Mumbai. More shocking was the fact that in the process, neither chief minister Prithviraj Chavan nor home minister R R Patil were visible, even though law and order is a state subject.Soon after the Bihar chief minister announced that he would be in Mumbai for Bihar Day celebrations, Raj threatened that his workers would not allow Nitish to hold a rally in Mumbai, he was followed by Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray, who observed that the day must be celebrated in that state itself. When it appeared that there would be a major law and order problem due to Nitish's visit, his emissaries unexpectedly called up Raj and later even the Bihar chief minister spoke to him.If media reports are to be believed, the MNS consented after an assurance from the Bihar chief minister that he would not make any political statement. High-ranking Indian Police Service (IPS) officers were shocked and contented that instead of negotiating with Raj, Nitish should have spoken to Chavan or Patil for protection.Maharashtra has faced identical situations before, but both the chief minister and home minister had stepped in to resolve the dispute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12834268", "title": "Get a barbershop shave at home- for less", "text": "Master barbers tend to use the word \"process\" to describe shaving, and there's a reason .Take the typical 30-minute shave at Manhattan barbershop BBRAXTON: Executive director, general manager and master barber Gary Clark reclines clients to a 90-degree angle, smoothes on pre-shave oil, allows it time to soak in, massages in shaving cream, lays down a hot towel (fresh from the hot towel kiln, no less), shaves the client, lays down another hot towel and tops it off with shave balm for the finishing touch. The actual shave almost gets lost amid all the other steps.Although this might be the best way to treat your face -- resulting in a super-clean shave and protected skin, not to mention stress release -- we're going to assume you don't have the luxury to hire someone to do this every time you want a bare face, or have the time or money to do it yourself. But, Clark reveals, it is possible to cut the 30-minute process in half, do it at home with inexpensive products and get incredibly similar results. Here's how.1. Raid your kitchen cabinetAccording to Clark, olive oil or grape-seed oil are perfectly acceptable pre-shave oils. \"All-natural products are great,\" he says. \"Shaving is pretty harsh on the skin, but they keep the moisture locked in.\"2. Shave in the shower\"Make sure it's a steamy hot shower,\" says Adam Ramos, a master barber and owner of Virile Barber &amp; Shop in New Jersey. \"One of the key components to a quality, comfortable shave is heat and moisture.\"For men with curly hair -- in other words, those prone to razor bumps -- Clark recommends applying moist hot towels for one-and-a-half to two minutes before and after shaving, even if you're already in a steamy shower. \"The vapor brings up any impurities and toxins and softens the hair follicle tremendously for a smoother, cleaner shave.\" Install a fogless mirror in the shower and you'll be sure not to miss a spot.3. Forget the expensive badger hair brush; your hands will do just fineSays Ramos: \"The purpose of the brush is to lift the hairs on your face and make sure the shaving cream really gets underneath and keeps those hairs propped up. Then the blade can get under them and shave as close to the skin as possible.\"Traditionally, barbers will heat up a disk of glycerin soap, place it on a scuttle or inside a shaving mug, run the brush under warm water and mix it with the soap (or with fancy concentrated shaving cream) to concoct the lather they desire. That translates to an extra 10-15 minutes of time before you can actually shave, plus the price of all the supplies.Luckily, says Ramos, \"Your fingers are just as good, so long as you're really massaging it in.\" Rub the shaving cream in vigorously, using circular motions to make sure you get in under the hairs.4. Apply an inexpensive aftershave balmAccording to Clark, inexpensive aftershave balms can be as effective as their pricier brethren. In a pinch, even a splash of cold water will do the trick.Follow these four simple steps and you'll walk out the door looking like you just left the shaving salon.Content courtesy: Men's Life Today, Global", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12822700", "title": "We can show rape, but not 'Dirty Picture' on TV: Ekta Kapoor", "text": "Those who were hoping to spend their Sunday watching The Dirty Picture on the small screen were hugely disappointed.After cutting as many as 59 scenes from the film, the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting decided against the telecast on a popular channel on Sunday. A source from Balaji Telefilms who followed the development closely reveals, \"It's ridiculous for the ministry to overrule the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) decison to telecast the film with a U/A certificate. It's very upsetting, their stand is that we air the film after 10 pm, despite going ahead with the eight-and-a-half minute long cuts and making 36 voluntary and 26 compulsory cuts. We have received strong support from other members of the fraternity like Mahesh Bhatt who plan to take this issue up. It's a wrong precedent that the ministry is setting.Also it's a paradox that they want to ban the same film which they gave three National awards.\" Producer Ekta Kapoor took to her microblogging account to vent her anger over the matter. She wrote, \"We can show rape, an 8-year old's marriage to 40 year old, we can show reality/comedy shows with vulgar content but we can't show a liberal womans story who lived life on her own terms-truly this is our nations DIRTY PICTURE!\" Film maker Pooja Bhatt who's making Jism 2 chimed in saying, \"Not sure what the hue and cry about The Dirty Picture being denied an afternoon slot is about! I want nothing less than a 11 pm slot for Jism2! I am making an adult film and want a slot that caters to adults on TV. Why would I water my film down to suddenly cater to a family audience?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12831007", "title": "Sena, BJP must change their attitude: Republican Party of India (Athvale)", "text": "NAGPUR: RPI(A) is now apparently regretting the alliance with BJP and Shiv Sena in the recent local body elections as it feels that it was not given a fair deal by the two bigger partners. After a meeting of office-bearers from eleven districts of Vidarbha, the party leaders decided that if the two saffron parties wanted the alliance for 2014 parliamentary and assembly elections then they needed to change their attitude.Addressing a press conference, state general secretary Bhupesh Thoolkar said that a coordination committee comprising state presidents and general secretaries of the three parties should be constituted to deal with political give and take between the three parties. \"BJP national president Nitin Gadkari , Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray and our national president Ramdas Athawale should have control over it.\"The RPI(A) activists were apparently hoping that their chief Athawale would be given Rajya Sabha berth by BJP and Shiv Sena. However, Sena leader Uddhav Thackeray stressed that no such deal had been struck. \"Now we will go in for a written agreement. When we were with Congress and NCP it was an unwritten understanding.\"Thoolkar also claimed that RPI(A) had done better in local bodies where it had no tie-up with BJP and Sena. \"In NMC, they did not give us the seats they wanted. Moreover, they fielded their candidates in the few seats they gave us.\"On unification of RPI factions, Thoolkar said that his party had tried it several times unsuccessfully. \"We are not going to try it anymore. If anybody takes a lead we will play a positive role,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12830319", "title": "Haryana to conduct wildlife census in next two months", "text": "GURGAON: In a move to intensify its campaign for wildlife conservation, the Haryana government will carry out the wildlife census in the next two months, May and June.The state government is doing it for the first time and the exercise is being undertaken at a time when Haryana is trying hard to resume mining in Aravalis. A senior official of the forest and wild life department said that the census would specially focus on counting of deer, Nilgai (blue bull), monkey , peacock, leopard and other animals. He said that after completion of the counting, more effective measures would be taken to conserve wildlife in the state.Sources said that a complete layout plan for this exercise has been prepared and the department has sent it to Wildlife Institute of India in Dehradun. This institute is the nodal agency for wild life counting by the Central government. \"Before the counting starts, we will impart adequate training to all the staff and those who would be part of the exercise,\" said an official. Experts and officials feel that the population of wild animals such Neelgai and leopards would have increased since the Supreme Court banned mining in the entire Aravalis.\"There is a significant increase in the green cover and once the forest area expands, the number of wild animals also goes up. Moreover, the ongoing mining in Aaravalis in Rajasthan might have forced wild animals from those parts to migrate to Gurgaon and Faridabad,\" said an official.The counting of these animals would also help the forest and wildlife departments to push their agenda of protecting more forest and not to resume mining at a large scale.In the recent years, the Haryana government has taken a number of steps to protect wild animals.He said that in the Sirsa district, cases against more than two dozen people have been registered under Wild Life Conservation Act for hunting and attacking these animals for various reasons. There are about 1,000 deer and Chinkaras in this district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12829648", "title": "All India Muslim Personal Law Board warns Centre over Shariyat", "text": "LUCKNOW: The All India Muslim Personal Law Board warned the Centre not to intervene in the Shariyat - the personal laws of Muslims that have legal sanctity from the law of the land. The Board said that the new law will leave the Nikahnama redundant, which is already been approved.Senior advocate and convenor of the All India Babri Masjid Action Committee, Zafaryab Jilani, said that the UPA government's handling of important issues pertaining to Muslims was unacceptable to the Board.\"The Shariyat acknowledges Nikahnama as a valid legal document to establish that marriage has taken place between a couple. The courts in India also acknowledge it as a legal document. However under the law on compulsory registration of marriages, the Nikahnama will be reduced to a mere piece of paper. This is direct and blatant intervention in the laws of the land and the Shariyat at the same time,\" Jilani said.The Board on the inaugural day of its three-day convention at the Haj House in Mumbai, also slammed the Centre for applying delaying tactics in order to avoid living up to the commitments it has made to the Muslim community on Waqf Bill and Right to Education Act. The Board also raised questions on the law for registration of marriages and government's silence on demands to scrap section 377 of the Indian Penal Code.The Board had earlier taken up the issue of Waqf laws with the Centre.\"All our demands and concerns are pending before a committee for quite sometime,\" Jilani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12830343", "title": "Reds 'split' over Hikaka resignation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With abducted Laxmipur legislator Jhina Hikaka in Maoist captivity since a month, all eyes are now on the rebels' 'praja court' slated on April 25 in Narayanpatna area of Koraput to decide on the MLA's fate.Official sources said the government is closely monitoring the developments in Koraput and is hopeful the kidnappers would free Hikaka. The government has announced to free 25 prisoners in exchange for the MLA. Of those, the government has said it would withdraw cases against 13, including five Maoists and eight activists of the Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh (CMAS), which the government says is a Maoist front. The Red guerillas, however, want the government to free 29 jailed persons, including the 25 already announced, and withdrawal of prosecution against all of them.Sources said more than the release of incarcerated people or withdrawal of cases, what is possibly puzzling the Maoists is whether or not to force Hikaka to resign as a lawmaker. \"The Maoist camp is believed to be split over pressing for the Laxmipur legislator's resignation. While CMAS president Nachika Linga wants Hikaka to quit so that he could contest the bypoll and perhaps become the MLA, some Maoists are said to be opposed to the idea,\" a source said.Linga, in fact, had earlier made public statements demanding Hikaka's ouster and also withdrawal of cases against himself. But the CPI (Maoist) Andhra-Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee supposedly is not keen of these demands of the CMAS chief. \"Linga's demands are aimed at facilitating a political career for himself. But the Maoists would for different reasons not want Linga to enter the political mainstream,\" a source said, explaining, \"For Maoists, it might not matter much whether Hikaka continues as MLA of Laxmipur or not. But if the government withdraws cases against Linga and he fights elections in future then the extremists would fear losing their strong grip on Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon blocks. Till the time Linga remains a fugitive he would have to act on Maoists' behest. If he enters the political mainstream, obviously he would no longer work for Maoist interests, which shall not be to the Red radicals' advantage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830592", "title": "Man murders wife, slits his own throat", "text": "MUMBAI: A 40-year-old woman was murdered by her husband at Bainganvadi in Govandi on Sunday, as he suspected her of having an extramarital affair. Suryakant Koli, the accused, then slit his own throat after killing his wife and is currently in a critical condition.Suryakant is an auto driver while his wife, Malamma, was a maid. The couple has three children __ two daughters and a son__ and had been married for over two decades.At the time of the incident, the couple's daughters, aged 8 and 12 years, were at their hometown in Karnataka, and their son, Chetan (19), was at the decorations firm where he is employed.According to the police, Suryakant's family stayed on the first-floor of a chawl in Bainganwadi. The ground-floor was occupied by a woman named Rupa Mishra.The family lived on the first floor of a chawl. On Sunday morning, the woman who lives below them, Rupa Mishra, overheard the couple arguing. Later, she found drops of blood seeping through crevices in the wooden ceiling from the flat above and falling to the ground in her house.\"Mishra called a neighbour and rushed to the Koli residence around 6.30 am. She found Suryakant and Malamma lying unconscious in a pool of blood. Both their necks were slit,\" a police official said.The police was informed and the couple was rushed to Sion hospital where Malamma was declared dead and Suryakant was operated upon at the hospital. He hasn't regained consciousness yet.\"We haven't been able to record his statement as he is critical. He has been booked for murder charges and will be arrested when he is discharged from the hospital,\" an official said. Chetan told the cops that Suryakant had been suspecting Malamma of having an extra-marital affair. The couple had major fights for the past few months due to the same reason.Malamma's body has been sent to her native place in Karnataka for her last rites, police said. Suryakant has also been booked for 'attempting to commit suicide.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830644", "title": "Cleaner killed as tempo turns turtle", "text": "MUMBAI: A 28-year-old cleaner, who was sleeping inside a loaded tempo, was killed when the vehicle turned turtle and the steel rods piled up inside crushed him.The accident took place on the WEH at Kherwadi junction, Bandra (E), on Saturday. The tempo driver, Rajkomal Phoutugavd (35), was arrested for negligence.The deceased, Rajesh Madamwal, was asleep on a pile of steel rods being carried inside the tempo. Around 8.30 pm, Phoutugavd was steering the tempo (MH04 HJ 15) towards Prabodhankar Thackeray flyover. \"As the vehicle approached the flyover, Phoutugavd, who was speeding, suddenly lost control of the vehicle and rammed it into a divider. The tempo turned turtle and Madamwal was thrown out. Due to the impact, the tempo flipped over from one side of the road to another and turned turtle. Madamwal was thrown out.Steel rods and other material piled up being plied in the truck fell on Madamwal, crushing him to death,\" an official said.Passersby informed the police control room and a mobile van was rushed to the spot.The cops extracted Madamwal from underneath the pile of rods and rushed him to Bhabha Hospital. He sustained multiple injuries and was declared dead on arrival. Phoutugavd was released on bail of Rs 10,000 by a metropolitan court on Sunday. The tempo has been seized and will be inspected by Regional Transport Office (RTO) officials.In a separate mishap, a dumper rammed into an auto on Marve Road near Malwani on Sunday. Four passengers in the auto escaped with minor injuries. The road is very narrow and because of an error in judgment, the dumper hit the auto. The passengers were rushed to Bhagwati Hospital in Borivli for treatment.The dumper driver, Manjeet Singh (26), is being questioned,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12831841", "title": "Big trade waiting to happen", "text": "NEW DELHI: After years of distrust, India-Pakistan trade ties saw a rollercoaster ride since last April when the commerce secretaries of the two hostile neighbours met to normalize trade relations. Since then several initiatives have been announced by both governments and now, the baton has been passed on to the business communities of the two nations to boost bilateral trade from the current level of $2.7 billion.The sharp turnaround in trade relations was triggered by Pakistan's decision last month to move closer to granting to India the most favoured nation status. Pakistan published a negative list that will restrict import of only 1,200 items now, compared to the previous list of over 1,900 products. Pakistan has also promised to phase out the negative list by year-end . This is expected to be a huge boost to business and help shut out third country trade between the two countries, estimated at $10 billion.In a period of 51 weeks, both nations have taken a series of steps for deeper economic engagement. Commerce ministers have met and agreements have been signed to remove some trade barriers. Trade shows were held in each other's territory and there are plans for an India-Pakistan Joint Business Council to foster deeper business ties.An ambitious agenda is on the cards for the months ahead. The easing of visa rules for business travel is expected soon while talks are on for trade in electricity and diesel. Central banks of both nations are negotiating on opening branches while talks continue to identify new land routes for trade. Negotiations are expected on cooperation in tourism, healthcare and hospitality.Businessmen on either side are excited about the prospects for trade but admit that more ground needs to be covered for normal trade ties between the nuclear-armed neighbours. Private sectors of both nations need to work closely to strengthen efforts of the two governments.\"Big trade is waiting to happen. Both sides will benefit . We have the support of both governments and we have big business plans,\" Sheikh Muhammad Muneer, president of the India-Pakistan Chambers of Commerce and Industry told TOI.Experts agree the next stage should focus on linkages between industry sectors. \"We should look at setting up intra industry ties to build scale, for instance, in textiles, to ward off competition from China ,\" said Rajeev Kumar , FICCI's secretary-general .Businessmen say exploring joint ventures to strengthen the normalization process should be next on the agenda. \"Once trade channels are opened, we would see investments from both sides. Our countries are similar in customer needs, making it that much easier to do business,\" said Onkar S Kanwar, chairman of Apollo Tyres.\"We have come a long way, and in the next few years will be able to move to the next level. Music, films and sports are fabulous starts. People-to-people exchanges increase trust in each other. If we can undertake greater business dealings with each other, it will truly add value,\" said Kanwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12829840", "title": "Akhil Bharatiya Vidhyarthi Parishad to help slum kids enter elite schools", "text": "JAIPUR: Following in the footsteps of National Students Union of India (NSUI), its rival Akhil Bharatiya Vidhyarthi Parishad (ABVP) has launched an intensive campaign to create awareness on the Right to Education Act 2010 which reserves 25% seats for economically weaker sections.ABVP activists holding banners, placards and pamphlets have been going from one slum to another to identify students who can be admitted to elite schools. \"For last one week they have been moving from one area to another and have identified many families which are interested in sending their wards to elite schools,\" said Sunil Khatik, senior ABVP activist. ABVP will take these children to schools for admission from Monday onwards.Manish Yadav, national secretary of ABVP, alleged that schools neither disclosed the list of students admitted this year nor made it public on the notice board as required by the RTE Act. Schools are supposed to provide us the list as per the rule,\" added Yadav. He added that they have a list of schools which have ignored the RTE guidelines. Similarly, they will ask for a list of candidates from all these schools. Some of them are Rukmani Devi Birla Public School, Delhi Public School and Janki Devi School have not admitted students under this Act, said the ABVP activists.ABVP also threatened the schools that have violated RTE to either implement the Act or face the music. From Monday, the wing will intensify its campaign by seeking a list of students admitted under this Act from every school. \"We will not hesitate to demonstrate if these schools will not provide us the list,\" said Khatik.The body is in no mood to spare the government as well. The students' body accused the government of being hand-in-glove with the elite schools as no disciplinary action has been initiated against any school. \"I am shocked to see that the district educational officer has not taken any action against any school,\" said Khatik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12830856", "title": "CAT sets aside case to recover cost of surgery", "text": "CHENNAI: S Santharam, an employee at the Speed Post concentration centre in Chennai, was left shaken after surviving an accident while on duty and undergoing a major hip surgery after that. But, what really wound him up was an announcement from the postal department to recover the \"excess amount\" paid for the surgery from his salary. The Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) has now directed that this order be set aside.Santharam met with a road accident on February 9, 2010 along with four other staff members. Since his injury was serious, he was referred for hip surgery at MIOT Hospital and was covered by the Central Government Health Scheme (CGHS). Initially, hospital authorities said the surgery would cost an estimated Rs 92,000 but revised it to Rs 41,229 on coming to know that Santharam was covered by CGHS. Subsequently, the amount was paid directly by the department to hospital authorities.However, he received a direction nine months later that the department planned to recover a sum of Rs 18,196 from his salary starting December, 2010, as it was paid in excess of the amount of Rs 23,033 sanctioned for his surgery under the scheme. The latter was the rate charged by government hospitals, authorities said.Passing orders, a bench of B Venkateswara Rao, judicial member and R Satapathy, administrative member, said that the department had directly paid hospital authorities, and not Santharam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "amreli", "code": "12830482", "title": "Leopard kills old woman", "text": "AMRELI: An old woman was killed by a leopard in Karamdadi village of Dhari taluka in Amreli district in the wee hours of Sunday morning.Police said that victim Santok Koli, 60, was sleeping in her courtyard when the leopard attacked her at about 4:30 am.\"The leopard dragged the victim about half-a-kilometre away and ate some of her body parts.Her partly-eaten body was recovered on late Sunday morning,\" said a forester.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12830394", "title": "Attempts on to pit Bhatt against Modi during Brahmin meet", "text": "SURAT: Emboldened by vacant seats at a recent public meeting of Patels, which was presided over by chief minister Narendra Modi here this month, Congress is hoping to create disenchantment against the BJP's poster boy during the Brahmin Mahasammelan scheduled to be held in the diamond city on Tuesday. Congress is trying hard to invite Sanjeev Bhatt, the suspended IPS, to address a parallel Brahmin public meeting that it plans to organize to counter Modi.The Brahmin Mahasammelan is being organized by South Gujarat Brahmin Community. Modi will preside over the function and will address Brahmins from Gujarat and other parts of the country. However, the BJP claims that the event is not a party function. Many of those who are associated with the event, however, have close links with the BJP, sources said.Congress leaders don't want to let Modi capitalize on the event. Hence, they are trying hard to bring Bhatt, a Brahmin, who is fighting Modi government, to their parallel event.\"We are trying to get Sanjeev Bhatt for the event. Efforts are on to bring him to the event to be held at Puna on Tuesday,\" said Ashok Jirawala, president, Surat city unit Congress.When contacted, Bhatt said, \"I was approached by a few Brahmin community leaders from Surat. They requested me to take part in the event being held next week. I am yet to give them a clear reply because I am not convinced with the idea.\" Bhatt claimed that he does not want to be part of any political rivalry.Congress' effort has not gone unnoticed in the community. Some Brahmin community leaders have expressed concern over the attempts to politicize their event. \"We are sad to know that attempts are being made to politicize the event. It had been made clear to key organizers that the community platform should not be allowed to be used for a political purpose,\" a Brahmin community leader said.Meanwhile, the organizing committee of Brahmin Mahasammelan said that the event was non-political.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "jamnagar", "code": "12830194", "title": "One more custodial torture case against Sanjeev Bhatt", "text": "JAMNAGAR: One more case of custodial torture that took place in 1990 has been registered against suspended IPS officer Sanjeev Bhatt. The victim had allegedly suffered kidney failure after being beaten up in the police custody.The new complaint has been filed after directions from Chief Judicial Magistrate M D Kundaliya in Jamnagar on a petition by victim Vijaysinh Bhatti.The court had directed the police to file a complaint for wrongful restraint, causing hurt with dangerous weapon and intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace. Deputy SP N M Gohil has been asked to probe the case. Police have filed complaint against Bhatt under various sections of Indian Penal Code including 341,323, 324,326 and 504.According to case details in November 1990, Bhatti, who was a 40-year-old then, was taken to a police station, for coming out of his house during a curfew. As per Bhatti's complaint, he was allegedly beaten up by Bhatt, who was then posted as the ACP. Bhatti alleged that after he was beaten. He lost one of his kidneys, which stopped functioning. Bhatti then approached the court alleging atrocity in police custody. Based on Bhatti's allegation, the court ordered that a complaint be registered and asked a deputy SP level officer to probe the case.Sanjiv Bhatt is already an accused in a 1990 atrocity case, in which, one person had died after he was allegedly beaten in police custody during a communal flare-up in Jamkhambhalia town of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12828888", "title": "Man shot dead near Silchar, mother battles for life", "text": "SILCHAR: Suspected miscreants shot dead a villager in Durganagar Part III (Koroikandi) villagein Cachar district late on Saturday. The mother of the victim was badly injured in the incident. Police have launched a manhunt for the killers.A senior police officer said armed miscreants reached the house of Rafiq Uddin Laskar (50) in the village at midnight on Saturday and knocked Rafiq's door. When he peeped out of the window one of the miscreants shot him . Another bullet hit his 70-year-old mother Boitun Nessa. The miscreants managed to flee while Rafiq and Nessa were rushed to the Silchar Medical College and Hospital, where doctors declared him dead.tnn The victim's wife, Moimun Nessa, said the criminals were in camouflaged attire.Locals protesting against the murder on Sunday blocked the Airport Road near the village demanding immediate arrest of the culprits. The blockade was lifted after the police and the administration assured them that the criminals will be brought to book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830796", "title": "Rape-murder of Mumbai kids yet unsolved, parents allege apathy", "text": "MUMBAI: The parents of Anjali Jaiswal and Sania Siddique have little hope left of ever getting justice. Two years after their children were raped and murdered, they say that investigation agencies have lost interest in tracking the perpetrators. In fact, they do not even know if the probe into the killings is being conducted by the state CID or the local police.Siddique Shaikh, whose six-year-old daughter Sania was found murdered on February 7, 2010, in a building close to their residence, believes the Nehru Nagar police are investigating the murders. Anjali's parents Hrishikesh and Sushma are under the same impression. The case was, in fact, handed to the state CID in March 2011.\"For a month or two after the murders, the police were on their toes. But soon after they caught the man behind the rape and murder of the third girl (Nushrat Shaikh), they stopped caring,\" says Sushma. \"We no longer have any hope left of the police or any other agency nabbing the person who so heinously killed our daughter.\"Shaikh says the police initially tried their utmost to solve the cases but could not succeed. \"Though two years have passed since the incident, the loss of our daughter still leaves us in pain every time we think of her.\"A year after the murders, a political party had given Rs 1 lakh each to the victim's parents. \"The money will not bring back my daughter. I accepted the money to clear the debts incurred during the three to four months after the killing. That was the time I could not go to work and had to take loans,\" says Siddique.Hrishikesh says that their six-year-old son Prince still enquires about Anjali. \"We tell him that Anjali is with God,\" Hrishikesh says.From the time of the murders, the locals have organized several awareness campaigns to warn parents against leaving their children unattended. Due to these drives, says Thakkar Bapa Colony resident Moosa Khan, no case like Anjali's or Siddique's has come up after 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12830120", "title": "More walkways to interconnect Sec 17", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The municipal corporation has planned to extend the pedestrian walkways in the northern part of Sector 17 and construct walkways near the Anand Complex and the telegraph office. These would interconnect all areas of the sector.Work is in process and the financial estimate would soon be prepared. The project is expected to cost between Rs 40 lakh to Rs 50 lakh. MC executive engineer Vishal Gupta said, \"Once the walkways are in place, people would be able to avoid traffic. They can also make use of the foot overbridges that are being constructed.\" According to the draft prepared by the engineering department, the distance from the Anand Complex to Neelam theatre would be 0.65km once the pedestrian walkways are made.Walkways had been constructed in the three parking bays of Sector 17 some time ago but the authority is yet to check violations when people park vehicles on the constructions, defeating their sole purpose.A green zone is to come up near the Sector-17 government post office and the area has been earmarked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "12829558", "title": "Another Mamata toon, but this time a prof files case", "text": "MIDNAPORE: In an unexpected blowback from the cartoon controversy, an associate professor of medicine at Midnapore Medical College filed a complaint against a youth on Sunday saying he had posted a cartoon of chief minister Mamata Banerjee on his Facebook wall \"to denigrate her.\"\"I am hurt by the cartoon posted on my Facebook wall. The person who posted the cartoon is not my friend. My complaint is aimed at stopping such nonsense. I found malicious intent in this cartoon with an objective to denigrate our CM,\" said Bikram Saha, after lodging a complaint at a Midnapore police station. In the youth had posted a cartoon, on his facebook wall in which Saha said, Mamata's head was missing. She is shown holding a mirror, and saying, \"Vanish.\"\"This just can't be tolerated. I want the police to act sternly against people circulating such malicious pictures of the CM,\" he added.However, after Prof Ambikesh Mahapatra's arrest for group-mailing the CM's cartoon whipped up a storm of protest, police seem to have got wiser, registering only a general diary complaint. \"We'll probe it and would seek CID's help,\" said Joydip Banerjee, inspector-in-charge of Kotwali police station.The administration was slammed for arresting Mahapatra for forwarding a chain mail containing a cartoon that lampooned chief minister Mamata Banerjee and railway minister Mukul Roy. The CM is believed to have told her coterie that she was misinformed about the mail's content.Eminent people criticized the government for being intolerant to cartoons and jokes. Writers and artists said that such intolerance of freedom of expression smacked of fascism. State CID is learnt to have written a letter to Facebook with a request to remove some of the cartoons of the CM. But so far, there has not been any response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12829510", "title": "Keep pets away from the summer sun, say vets", "text": "BHOPAL: With rise in mercury, sultry weather conditions, it is time of the year to better watch out for signs of ailments in pet animals, especially dogs. Come summer season and there is a marked rise in canine and domestic animals' susceptibility to dehydration and other summer-related ailments.And the rise in number of pedigree dogs coming to vet clinics and hospital in the city for treatment against heatstroke and other illness makes it more than obvious.An expert said the number of pet dogs has gone up to half a dozen dogs per day this month compared to just 2 or 3 in winters. By a rough estimate, there are some 35,000 pedigree dogs in the city. Pedigree dogs include Pug, German shepherd , Labrador, Beagle, Golden Retriever , Dachshund and Bulldog.\"Dehydration affects animals most in summers, which also leads to loss of appetite,\" said veterinary surgeon Dr Shailendra Soni. \"Pets are most sensitive to a rise in the temperature. At times even more than humans,\" he added.Experts point out the electrolyte level has to be maintained and the pets have to be kept in cool places. \"Pedigree dogs are of European descent, mostly German. The conditions in the sub-continent are unbearable for them,\" said veterinarian Dr Neena Tripati.With summer vacations, experts have a piece of advice for teenagers: Be careful and avoid being tempted to go out with their dog for an afternoon stroll. \"Make sure that any exercise is given early in the morning or late in the evening. Don't be tempted to go for a nice afternoon stroll when it is very sunny or hot,\" said Dr Tripati.Don't allow your dog to stay out in the sun for long time. They do not know when they have enough and it doesn't take long for their panting to get out of control. \"Loss of appetite, fever and heaving are the initial symptoms,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12830868", "title": "'Surgery effective in sleep apnea treatment'", "text": "NAGPUR: Although sleep disorder or sleep apnea has been identified as a disease in India in only last 5-10 years, 16% of the Indian population suffers from the disease. And though conservative treatments for curing the disorder do exist, surgery is emerging as the best solution for complete cure of those with highest degree of disorder.Dr Magne Tvinnereim from Norway , who is the founder and Global CEO of 'Eurosleep', a network of 15 hospitals involved in surgical treatment of the disease in Europe, believes Indian ENT surgeons too should switch to surgery as cure. But he warns that not every sleep disorder patient needs surgery and a large number could be treated with conservative treatments like CPAP (continuous position airway pressure), a device fixed on the face like a mask which ensures regular flow of pressure in air through a small bedside device or even mandibular devices and latest to add to the list the oral appliance therapy being suggested by dentists. Dr Tvinnereim has performed 30,000 surgeries and diagnosed 50,000 patients.He was in the city to launch the Asia chapter of Eurosleep, Eurosleep-Asia. Known for devising a handy, cheap and efficient apneagraph machine used mainly in developed world, Tvinnereim does not limit the disease to just adults. The machine also helps doctor decide on which part of the soft tissue the surgery would work and how successfully. \"Even children have snoring problem which can be cured early by removing tonsils. It can lower the release of growth hormones and also cause behavioural and learning problems. Eight out of ten young teens suffer from sleep deprivation,\" he said.The launch of the Asia chapter is aimed at generating enough data base in the world about the disease to understand and treat it better. Though Dr Tvinnereim is the biggest pioneer of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) surgery, he is also the biggest contender of proper diagnosis and performing surgery only on the right candidate who cannot be cured by other treatments. \"In India, people in general and doctors in particular, are yet to understand the gravity of the disease. There is a positive correlation between loud snoring and risk of heart attack (34%) and stroke (67%). Sleep apnea, sleep deprivation or chronic short sleep produces hormones and chemicals in body that increase risk of heart disease, stroke, high blood pressure , diabetes and high cholesterol levels,\" he said.Sleep apnea, which basically occurs due to abnormal pauses in breathing or instances of abnormal breathing during sleeping, is more common in men (about 40%). Each pause (apnea) can extend from 5 to 10 seconds or more and could occur 5-30 times in one hour. These are patients who need to be diagnosed through apneagraph to be considered for surgery. The disease does have genetic reasons too.Man is the only animal which snores as his airway tissues are very soft and have no cartilage or bone protection. The surgery involves removing the obstruction in the airway which could involve removal of soft tissue from pallet or from around the tongue or other soft tissue parts in the throat to prevent collapsing of tissue and the tongue which blocks the airway. Dr Tvinnereim specializes in minimal invasive surgical procedure which uses coblation or plasma surgery as the method and does it under local anaesthesia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12834045", "title": "A musical night in Kolkata", "text": "Are we ready to rock 'n' roll?\" he asked, and boy, did the crowd rock with him.It was a night of music with Ehsaan Noorani and Saturday Night Blues Band at Someplace Else, The Park, on Saturday night.The crowd could hardly wait for Ehsaan to start and when he did, they lapped it up. \"You took me someplace else...\" he sang, an original composition, to show his love for the pub. Amidst much head-banging he unleashed his fret-sliding skills, playing numbers like \"Born under a bad sign\" by Albert King and \"The devil blues\" by Robert Johnson . We spotted guitarist Sumit Ramachandran enjoying the show. \"He's too good, I am just loving it,\" he said. With Jayanta and Arunima giving him able company on the stage, numbers by The Rolling Stones , The Blues Brothers and Elmore Jones had the crowd asking for more.Meanwhile, a day earlier, we spotted Ehsaan lounging on the staircase, next door at Tantra, where Suman Sridhar and Jeet Thayil brought their live theatrics to the city. While Suman sang and played the keys, Jeet sang the blues and funk guitar. Beats were broken and then put together creating out-of-this-world sounds that got the audience to groove, move and dive deep into the infectious rhythm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12831091", "title": "7 new cases of H1N1 in Tamil Nadu, 4 from Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Just as the state started training doctors in the districts to deal with H1N1 infections, four more people tested positive for the virus in the city on Sunday, along with three others in the districts, taking the number of people affected in Tamil Nadu to 64 this year.All four cases in Chennai, including a 17-month-old child, were reported from the suburbs. The child, who is reportedly responding well to treatment, is in home quarantine with the family in Thiruvottiyur. The other three patients including a woman, 31, and two men aged 19 and 23, are being administered oseltamivir.The woman, from MS Nagar, has been quarantined at Government Hospital for Women &amp; Children in Egmore. One of the men, from Valsaravakkam, is undergoing treatment at Sri Ramachandra Medical Centre, while the other, from Mangadu, is in home quarantine, said director of public health R T Porkai Pandian.The Women and Children Hospital and the Sri Ramchandra Medical Centre is stocked with oseltamivir tablets, said city health officer P Kuganantham. Of the seven cases, two cases were reported from Tirupur and one from Tiruvallur.The government will open tenders for 55 lakh doses of H1N1 vaccine from Monday. \"The vaccines should reach us by April 30 at the latest,\" said Pandian. The vaccines will first be administered to health personnel and patients in the high-risk group, free of charge. The high-risk group includes people with respiratory diseases, tuberculosis , transplants, chronic disease and the elderly.Doctors still maintain that there is no reason to panic, because the virus has not changed, and patients are responding well to treatment with oseltamivir. Private doctors are prescribing the vaccination for infants and the elderly.Meanwhile training has begun for private and government hospital doctors in all the district. The Chennai corporation has completed sessions with all health officers and doctors to ensure that the virus does not spread. They have been instructed on how to spot symptoms and act immediately, said a health official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12829743", "title": "Hi-tech Navy plans to have only BTech officers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Slowly but surely emerging as a powerful three-dimensional \"blue-water'' force to protect India's geo-strategic interests stretching from Hormuz Strait to Malacca Strait, the Navy is now also focusing on creating high-tech \"sea warriors''.The force, in fact, is steaming ahead with plans to ensure all its new officers have BTech degrees because of the unprecedented expansion in warship technology. \"The advanced platforms we are inducting, with their state-of-art weapons and other systems, will require all officers to have cutting-edge technical knowledge,'' said Navy's assistant chief of personnel (HRD) Rear Admiral P Ajit Kumar .\"We already have a large number of MTechs, including in areas like nuclear technology. Moreover, we are also looking to send eight officers abroad every year for MTechs in niche areas. Our training pattern is in line with where the First World navies are headed,'' he added.Navy's ongoing warship, submarine and maritime aircraft acquisition programmes as well as proposed projects in the pipeline will together cost well over Rs 3,00,000 crore over the next 15 years, as was first reported by TOI earlier.With the \"maritime capability perspective plan for 2012-2027'' pegging the number of major warships required at about 150, there are already 44 warships and six submarines on order. Moreover, contracts for another 45 warships, including six new submarines and seven stealth frigates, are in the pipeline.All this will require a strong sea-warrior cadre. \"The government has given us lot of manpower sanctions. We have to step up inductions as well as ensure quality manpower comes in,'' said Rear Admiral Kumar.In tune with this, the first direct-entry batch of 70 BTech officers will pass out of the Indian Naval Academy (INA) at Ezhimala (Kerala) in June 2013. Plans are also afoot to get the existing BSc degree curriculum converted to a BTech one for naval cadets at the tri-Service National Defence Academy (NDA) in Kadakwasla (Pune).\"Naval cadets, who come to INA for their 7th and 8th semesters after passing out from NDA, get MSc (Tech) degrees as of now. But they will also get BTech degrees in the near future,'' he added.Concurrently, INA is also set for a major expansion at a cost of around Rs 340 crore. From an existing annual capacity of 750 trainees, INA will begin training 1,200 cadets from 2015 onwards. Similarly, the \"annual training load'' at INS Chilka will be enhanced to well over 4,500 sailors.Overall, Navy plans to take the strength of its officer cadre from the existing 8,200 to over 11,000. Similarly, the number of sailors will be enhanced from the current 48,000 to over 60,000 by 2015 or so.To cater for this, the Navy is also upgrading its selection infrastructure. There are plans for a new selection center at Vizag, with three SSBs (services selection boards), to add to the ones at Bhopal , Bangalore and Coimbatore. There will also be an additional SSB at Diamond Harbour at Kolkata by mid-2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12836865", "title": "Danseuse Vijayalakshmi bags honours", "text": "Mohiniyattam exponent Vijayalakshmi has been awarded the FICCI YFLO Raga Young Women Achievers Award 2012.\"I'm condemned to remain young,\" quipped a beaming Vijayalakshmi, a Mohiniyattam dancer as she accepted the FICCI YFLO Award for Performing Arts from Najma Heptullah.This year the theme was 'Brand India' and Vijayalakshmi, who is a Tamilian and shuttles between Delhi and LA, feels that is a proud moment for Indian Arts and heritage to be recognised. Held at New Delhi, this award honours ten outstanding Indian women achievers from diverse fields and Vijayalakshmi has been an epitome of brilliance in performing arts.Incidentally, Vijayalakshmi, who trains under her mother and guru Bharati Shivaji had won the National Award for the best young artist 20 years ago which was again presented to her by Najma.One of her interesting productions was Unniarcha, inspired from 'Vadakkan Pattukal' or the ballads of North Malabar. For the very first time, elements of Kalaripayattu, the 2000 year-old martial art tradition of Kerala, was incorporated into a Mohiniyattam production. Inspired by the celebrated composition of the great Russian composer Tchaikovsky, Vijayalakshmi choreographed Swan Lake in the Mohiniyattam style.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12830192", "title": "Four hurt in truck collision in Godhra", "text": "VADODARA: At least four persons were seriously injured when two trucks collided opposite the Panchamrut Dairy plant in Godhra on Godhra-Shamlaji Highway at around 10:15 pm on Sunday.The accident led to a fire in the two trucks as one of them was loaded with LPG cylinders, forcing the authorities to ask the dairy plant employees to stay indoors. Also, requisition of fire fighters from Godhra and adjoining towns of Lunawada and Halol in Panchmahal district was made. Traffic on the highway was diverted even as fire fighters were engaged in extinguishing the fire till late in the night. The four injured were in the truck and have been shifted to a nearby hospital, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12829090", "title": "Govt mulls new norms, tax sops to revive SEZ boom", "text": "NEW DELHI: It could be a second innings for special economic zones, especially those held up for years, with the commerce department proposing fresh tax concessions and a cut in the minimum area requirement to a quarter of the present specifications.The department has suggested that any zone that is not built around the identified 40 million-plus cities and state capitals would be eligible for duty benefits on capital investment for construction of hotels, hospitals, schools and colleges, residential and business complexes and training, leisure and entertainment facilities in what is billed as non-processing area (NPA) infrastructure. Sources said that the zones will be eligible for the tax concession if they are built 50-100 km from an urban conglomerate and facilities have to be for exclusive use of SEZ employees.In case of SEZs constructed in 123 backward districts, this infrastructure can also be used by those who are not part of the zone, a 48-page note said. At present, the rules specify that NPA can't exceed half the area of an SEZ.In addition, the department wants to extend the benefits of export schemes to SEZ units, that are already available to entities outside the zone, to make up for the levy of minimum alternate tax and other tax concessions that were withdrawn by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee last year.Further, nearly half the funding available under Aside, a scheme to build infrastructure for exports, may be allocated for building connectivity and infrastructure in SEZs.Amid a flurry of SEZ development, which many had termed as real estate activity, the government decided to withdraw tax concessions and phase out several of them. According to the commerce department, since February 2006, 585 SEZs have been approved and 381 have been notified, with a majority of them related to information technology and IT-enabled services.Exports from SEZs are in of Rs 3 lakh crore and account for over 28% of the shipments from the country. In all, over Rs 2 lakh crore has been invested in SEZs so far and over 7 lakh people are employed in development and running of the zones and companies located there.The number could have been much more but several projects ran into land acquisition hurdles. To tide over the land problem, the commerce department has proposed not just cutting the minimum area requirement but also changing the rules for contiguity. If the department's proposal goes through, a multi-product SEZ could be built over 250 hectares instead of the minimum floor area of 1,000 hectares at present (see table). In case the zones are planned in the special-category states, which include the North East and the hill states, the minimum area requirement is proposed to be cut from 200 hectares to 50 hectares.Further, within the multi-product zones, more flexibility is proposed to be given in creating sector-specific areas if the land area is exceeded. For instance, if a multi-product developer has 270 hectares, it can have one multi-product zone and two others of 10 hectares each for, say, handicrafts and gems and jewellery. There will also be the option to build four sector-specific zones of 10 hectares each in case a developer has 40 hectares land.There is concession planned for IT SEZs too with the commerce department suggesting that the minimum land requirement of 10 hectares be done away with. Also, the requirement of one lakh square metres of built-up area would be insisted upon only if the IT or ITES zone is in Delhi (NCR), Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Pune and Kolkata. In case of 15 category B towns, this requirement is proposed to be fixed at 50,000 square metres and 25,000 for all other cities.There are other provisions too which are aimed at helping developers tide over the problem of land acquisition. For instance, the commerce ministry has suggested that continuity between the processing area, which houses the manufacturing units and related logistics, and NPA may not be instead upon. \"You can have several gates which are manned by SEZ personnel to allay fears related to physical contiguity in case there are highways or water bodies,\" said an official.If the move goes through, developers can have over 50-60% of the processing area in one plot of land, while residential quarters, hospitals and schools can be built on another patch even if it is at a distance.A commerce department official said the land norms were being changed as acquisition had become difficult and the government was trying to push for setting up of the zones in smaller towns and cities.Facts:SEZ type...................Area Now.......ProposedMulti-product..............1,000.............250Multi-services.............100...............40Sector-specific............100...............40IT/ITES......................10.................Nil#New sectors*...............NA...............10FTWZs**.....................NA...............40# Built-up area restrictions will apply* IT &amp; electronics, renewable energy, agro-based food SEZs** Free trade warehousing zones (FTWZs) in multi-product SEZsArea in hectares", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "12830215", "title": "Epilepsy is no ground for divorce: judge", "text": "DAVANAGERE: Bangalore is slowly becoming the suicide capital in the country, said Karnataka high court judge N Kumar.Addressing the gathering after inaugurating a one-day programme on 'district-level mental health awareness workshop', organized by DHO, Karnataka state mental health authority, district administration, district advocates association, here on Sunday, Kumar said that over 80% of the population is increasingly falling into the suicide trap.\"Those in the IT and BT sector, too, think that suicide is an easy option. Happiness, tolerance and contentment quotient among the youths is declining,\" he rued.Over 10% of the world population is suffering from mental illnesses, and over 30% of Americans alone suffer from mental illness, he noted.Increasing work pressure, break-up of the joint family system, socio-economic crisis are leading to mental illnesses.However, most of them are treatable, including schizophrenia.Earlier, epilepsy was a ground for divorce, but not any more as it is curable, said Judge Kumar.He called on practicing advocates not to encourage divorce among couples who cite schizophrenia as a ground for separation.Encourage them to seek help and get back together, was his advice to lawyers.Dr B N Gangadhar, vice-president of Indian Psychiatrist Association and professor at Nimhans, Bangalore, delivered a talk on suicidal tendencies, causes and remedies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12829764", "title": "Bhanwari case: FBI report on bones yet to arrive, CBI tells court", "text": "JAIPUR: In its supplementary chargesheet filed in Bhanwari case on Saturday, the CBI said had that the Federal Bureau of Investigation's (FBI) report on the bones collected from Jaloda village in Jodhpur rural is yet to arrive. The formal information to the court regarding this has put to rest speculations on whether the agency was not disclosing the contents of the report even after receiving it.The FBI report will be a major deciding factor in the case with several witnesses and accused turning hostile even after recording their statement before a magistrate under Section 164 of CrPC.Sources said that without the FBI report stating that the bones collected from the canal were of Bhanwari, it would be a tough task for the agency to prove the alleged offence of her kidnap for murder.The agency had sent the bones to FBI to get them examined through 'Touch DNA' technology which is not available in India. The decision was taken as the few pieces of bones found from the spot were burnt to the extent that their forensic examination was not possible under technology available here.It was claimed that the report will be received by March 26. Then it was claimed that it would take two more weeks for the FBI to send the reports.The legal experts said that as per Section 108 of the Indian Evidence Act, the death of a missing person can be presumed only after the expiry of seven years.As per the settled legal provisions, it will be imperative for the CBI to have more evidence to establish, firstly, the nexus between the arrested accused and former minister Mahipal Maderna on one hand and at the same time to establish that she has been killed.The CBI had earlier claimed to have recovered several items including some jewellery and belonging to Bhawnari from Rajeev Gandhi Link Canal near Jaloda village in Jodhpur rural. At a place nearby, the agency also allegedly found the some remains of Bhanwari's body after she was brunt.The CBI on Saturday filed the supplementary chargesheet against four more accused -- Indra Bishnoi, government teacher Reshmaram Bishnoi, one Pukhraj Bishnoi and Dinesh Bishnoi - accusing them of conspiracy in the Bhanwari Devi murder case.16 persons including Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh have been arrested in the case. Indra Bishnoi remains the only identified accused who is absconding. The earlier chargesheet against 13 was filed on February 29As per Saturday's chargesheet, Indra was close to Reshmaram Bishnoi. Pukhraj is the son of PHED contractor Sohan Lal Bishnoi who has already been chargesheeted in the case. Dinesh is Pukhraj's cousin. All the four have been booked under Section 120B of IPC (criminal conspiracy) to be read with Section 364 (kidnap for murder), 201 (causing disappearance of evidence of offence) and 302 (murder) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12832782", "title": "Food poisoning caused cattle deaths", "text": "MANGALORE: Scientists have diagnosed the cause of cattle deaths at Paduveri at Byndoor in Udupi District, to Clostrdril intoxication. In laymans terms -- severe case of food poinsoning.Byndoor veterinary officer Dr Nagaraj Marvanthe told TOI the tests conducted by the Institute of Animal Health and Veterinary Biologicals (IAHVB), Bangalore had disgnosed it as Clostrdril intoxication.This had claimed 83 catle heads in the village, which has 45 families. As of now there are still four cattle ailing with the poisoning symptoms and two of them are in a serious condition.According to scientists this type of food poisoning was rare and they will study this case thoroughly. The village was visited by scientists from Souther Regional Disease Diagnostic laboratory, Dr Sripada, Dr Jayakumar and Dr Sudharshan along with Udupi animal husbandry deputy director Dr Manjunath.Sources said food-borne botulism is not an infection but an intoxication since it results from the ingestion of foods that contain the pre-formed clostridial toxin. The toxin is released only after the death of cells. The toxin resists digestion and is absorbed by the upper part of the gastro intestinal tract and then into the blood, where it affects neurotransmitters resulting in paralysis. The incubation period is 12-36 hours. Dr Nagaraj said identification takes a lot of tests and hence, time in pin pointing the cause.He said vaccines were not available in India as in the case of West and some south Asian countries, for cattle immunisation. With this in mind, preventive measures were important, Dr Nagaraj said. Preventive measures include: avoiding cattle's access to animal waste, fencing the grazing area to avoid dumping, avoiding stall feeding and checking the feed for contaimination. Dr Nagaraj said 400 dairy cattle had died in a California herd in 1998, the reason being unintentional contamination of feed from the carcass of a dead cat. He said government or milk unions should provide fodder to avoid such cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "12829803", "title": "49 passengers have a narrow escape as bus catches fire", "text": "MOHALI: Fortynine passengers in a bus had a narrow escape when it suddenly caught fire and was gutted near Kharar on Sunday. The incident took place near Khanpur village, 25 km from Mohali at around 10.45am when the red coloured syndicate bus was on its way to Chandigarh from Jalandhar.The thirty one passengers headed for Chandigarh and 18 for Mohali got out of the bus when they noticed smoke coming out from the side of an engine of the bus.Shamsher Bhardwaj of Sector 31, who was returning to the city along with his nephew Sandeep from Jalandhar told TOI, \"The smoke was noticed by one of the passengers sitting on the front seat and he told the driver about it. When another employee of the syndicate bus service checked the engine, he found a problem and asked the passenger to immediately get off the bus.\"There was tension when some of the passengers raised their voice against the syndicate bus service operators and got into an argument about the bus driver Varinder Singh about the buses not being in a good condition.The bus was completely gutted in the fire mishap and two fire tenders from Kharar and Mohali took around an hour to control the fire.The agitated passengers were pacified when another syndicate bus arrived on the spot for taking them to their destinations in Mohali and Chandigarh.SHO of the police station Kharar (city), sub inspector Vijay Kumar , said a police party was rushed to the spot, while adding that no casualty was reported in the mishap. A DDR was lodged at the police station in Kharar (city) in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12829457", "title": "Coimbatore airport to use biodegradable bags", "text": "COIMBATORE: To mark Earth Day , the Coimbatore airport has decided to use biodegradable bags to ferry garbage at the premises instead of plastic bags from Sunday.Airport director K Peter Abraham said the airport will become a plastic free zone as they had decided to use biodegradable bags instead of plastic bags.\"The airport uses around 110 bags a day to dispose the waste. This put together in a year will come to around one ton of plastic. We hope by introducing biodegradable bags, our premises will become plastic free zone,\" he said.T S Shankker, director of 'Biotec Bags', which will supply biodegradable bags to the airport, said the bags are costlier than the plastic bags, but they will help ecology. \"Our bags will cost around 50% more than the plastic ones. But this will be worth it, considering ecological matters,\" he said. He said the bags will degrade completely.The airport officials said that plastics are used mostly in the airport to ferry garbage. They say that this could be a trend-setter. \"We hope that the move would serve as an example for other airports,\" said an official, who was involved in the process. Shankker said that people have been showing interest in eco-friendly products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12833425", "title": "Kamal Haasan was detained at the US Airport", "text": "Kamal Haasan has said that he was also detained at the US Airport by the authorities just like Shah Rukh Khan has been detained for questioning.The Ulaga Nayagan, however, added that he doesn't bother about it at all and on the contrary enjoys it. He even went on further that he would like to change his name to Qamal Haasan.Kamal revealed that he was stopped at the Canada Airport for about half an hour and the authorities questioned him on various details.The star says that it quite natural for the Americans to suspect every individual with a Muslim name after the Twin Tower attack and the questioning doesn't bother him at all.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12830367", "title": "Navelim civic and consumer forum questions government's broken promise", "text": "MARGAO: The Navelim civic and consumer forum (NCCF) has made known its displeasure over the failure of the forest department in planting trees along the Margao-Navelim road long after the four-laning of the road was completed.The NCCF, in a letter written to the deputy conservator of forests, Margao, has pointed out that more than 20 trees some of which were more than 300-years-old were cut to make way for the four-laning of the road. \"During the four-laning of Margao-Navelim road (railway flyover to Navelim church), we had written to the chief conservator of forests, Panaji , in October, 2008, asking about your plan for saving/replacing these trees. We had requested your department to avoid cutting down these ancient and beautiful trees and to get the four-lane road planned in such a way so as to save them. We had warned you that cutting these trees could prove disastrous for the environment as it will be impossible to replace them. These trees along the Margao to Navelim road provided a cool shade for pedestrians and motorcyclists using this road. They also provided a perfect nesting place for many different birds in addition to enhancing the beauty of the place,\" the letter signed by NCCF secretary, Joseph Vaz, said.\"The road construction work is over long back and with the monsoon ready to set in, we would like to remind your department of the promise of replacing the green cover which was destroyed mercilessly during the road broadening,\" the letter added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12831414", "title": "Girl attacked", "text": "PATNA: Even as the Patna Police detained a suspected blade man on Saturday, yet another girl Rukaiya Khatoon (11) fell prey to the 'blade man' at Danka Kutcha locality under the Khajekallan police station on Sunday.The incident took place when the girl came out of her residence to purchase ice-cream. As she was returning home, two youths riding a bike passed from there. Khatoon later realized that she was bleeding as her hand had been cut by a blade.City SP, Patna, Kim said that the local police are verifying the injury and seeking the opinion of the doctors. SDPO, Patna City, Sushil Kumar denied that the girl was attacked. \"How can somebody target her hand from behind?\" he asked. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12830217", "title": "Resolve MCG call centre complaints within a day, executive engineers told", "text": "GURGAON: With complaints registered in the MCG's call centre piling up, the authorities have decided to take some stringent measures to ensure that they are addressed at the earliest. According to sources, as on April 19, 360 complaints were still pending and most of them are related to sanitation, streetlights and encroachment.Sources said that the concerned executive engineers have been asked to address each complaint within 24 hours, failing which an explanation will be sought. In matters related to sanitation, the area contractor will be fined Rs 500 per day if the complaint is not dealt within a day.Joint commissioner Veena Hooda will hold a meeting on Tuesday with all senior officials to find ways so that the complaints registered at the call centre are resolved at the earliest. \"We don't want residents to call us repeatedly for the same issue,\" said an official.\"In the meeting, we will make it very clear to all the department heads that they will be held responsible if the issues are not addressed within a day,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12836387", "title": "Mamata appeals for peace in Terai-Dooars", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee has urged bandh supporters and their rivals to maintain peace and harmony in the Terai-Dooars region of north Bengal where an indefinite strike had been called by the pro-GJM faction of Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Vikas Parishad (ABAVP).\"I appeal to the leadership to maintain peace and harmony in the Terai-Dooars region\", Banerjee said speaking to reporters at the state secretariat here.Trouble began on Monday morning when supporters of John Barla-led pro-GJM faction clashed with the locals having allegiance to rival ABAVP at Banarhat in Jalpaiguri district following which the police had to fire in the air to disperse the warring mobs.\"This is not a big incident. I urge both the parties to maintain peace and no one should disturb it\", Banerjee said.\"This is an appeal and not a threat or warning\", she added.Banerjee said that no one would be allowed to hold meetings or rallies in the area as long as the situation was not normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "vadhvan (surendranagar)", "code": "12830663", "title": "Woman lodges rape complaint", "text": "VADHVAN (SURENDRANAGAR): A woman of Sayla town in Surendranagar district has lodged a rape complaint against her brother in-law.The woman has alleged that the accused, Girish Vaghela, had raped her repeatedly when she had gone visiting at her sister's place.\"She alleged that Vaghela had taken her to different places like Ahmedabad, Vadodara and Chotila and raped her. The victim has also charged the accused's brother with helping him in the crime. We have registered the case and started the investigation,\" said an official from Sayla police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bijlipur (punjab)", "code": "12828970", "title": "Punjab's Bijlipur best village for girls", "text": "BIJLIPUR (PUNJAB): For some time now, the village of Bijlipur has been attracting a slew of local news TV crews and even reporters from Canadian radio stations. The village has something that most of Punjab can't boast of: a sex ratio in favour of women.The state of Punjab along with Haryana is among the country's worst performers when it comes to sex ratio. The census 2011 figures record 893 females per 1000 males for Punjab. Between 2002-2008, the local administration of Bijlipur reported a sex ratio of 1,800 females to 1,000 males. While the exactness of the figure may be contested, other indicators such as birth and death figures from the local aanganwadi do confirm the trend that girls enjoy a healthier sex ratio in the village.From 2005 to 2010, the village saw the birth of 22 girls against 13 boys. The year 2011 was the only year since 2002 that saw the birth of more boys (5) than girls (2). In fact, in 2006-07, no boys were born while Bijlipur added seven baby girls to its tally. Meanwhile, Ludhiana, an hour's drive away from this village, recorded a child sex ratio of 869 girls per 1,000 boys in 2011.Sociologist Dr H S Bhatti of Punjab University, Patiala, surveyed the village with a team of students in 2009. The survey results showed, among other things, that girls made up more than 50% of the student body in schools. The trend of having a string of girls until the birth of a baby boy, prevalent even in Indian cities, seems absent here.In Bijlipur, it is common for families to have just two daughters, or like 57-year-old Jaspal Singh's family that has four daughters. While two of them work in the city and live away from home, the other two are still in college. \"We can't go against the law of nature. Even the Guru Granth Sahib says that women should not be considered inferior,\" says Singh, who does formal readings of the Sikh Holy Book in neighbouring villages.He often includes a message about the girl child when reading outside Bijlipur. \"I normally ask the hosts if they are okay with me putting in a bit about this issue. I have never been refused,\" says Singh.Surinder Kaur, 28, who runs the village aanganwadi points to the factors that she feels have led to such encouraging figures. \"People are better educated here, most have college degrees. There is a strict ban on tobacco and drugs. More importantly, killing girls is considered a sin,\" she says. And it isn't a recent phenomenon.Charanjeet Singh, the 55-year-old headman of the village remembers how when he was a child the village stood out in its treatment of women. \"Educating women in the family was not common in neighbouring villages when I was young. But our village has been doing that ever since I can remember. All five of my sisters studied up to college and have retired from their jobs now,\" he says.Jagjot Pal Kaur, a hotel management professional who travels to Ludhiana for work, says that lack of facilities has done little to deter women to go out and get what they want. \"The nearest bus stop is about two km away. Parents normally drop and pick up their daughters who have to go out,\" says the 26-year-old.However, it is not all about giving cushioned comforts to the females. It's a two-way street. \"While they were in college, our older daughters would come back from their exams and help us in the fields too,\" says Singh. Amarjeet Kaur's family of four sons, who are daily wage labourers, is the only one in her street that has no daughters. She sounds almost apologetic about it. \"There is no pride in having sons. My sister's sons turned her out of the house and she was left to fend for herself on the streets. Who would want that?\" she asks.That the current state of affairs is limited by geography is only too clear to Bijlipur girls. 25-year-old Rajdeep Kaur is conscious of what makes her village different from the others. While those like her sister-in-law are only too happy to marry into Bijlipur, she will have to marry out in keeping with social norms. \"It is highly unlikely that when my sister and I marry out, we will find a village where women have the same kind of status as they do here,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12837336", "title": "Obama's Hollywood pals", "text": "President Barack Obama has become a tabloid staple. When he isn't emerging topless out of ocean waters or performing impressive push-ups, he is weighing in on Jay-Z and Kanye West (who he called a 'jackass' TWICE) or even crooning to Green Day tunes.Wifey Michelle too makes regular TV appearances on late night talk shows and was also present at the recent Kids' Choice Awards held in LA! Hollywood has never shied from politics and seems with the advent of the Obamas - the equation between the two fields has become even stronger. The President's 2008 rival John McCain was quick to notice his affiliation to the silver screen stars and stated in his political campaign video, \"Obama is the biggest celebrity in the world\", while comparing him to Britney Spears and Paris Hilton . But this time, Obama is campaigning harder than ever and the White House doors are wide open for Hollywood's starlets, hunks and rockstars. As of now, his Wikipedia lists 64 celebrity supporters, while according to a website, an Obama wishlist of celebrity supporters, obtained by a Tennessean newspaper, had a whopping 194 names on it!Team ObamaThe President's added some glam to his administration by appointing Shakira to his advisory board on education for Hispanics.\" Desperate Housewives \" star Eva Longoria is campaign co-chair for President Obama's 2012 reelection effort.Kal \"Harold &amp; Kumar\" Penn , who was earlier quit his acting career to become Obama's associate director of public engagement in 2010, will also be a co-chair for Obama's 2012 reelection effort.Ashley Judd will be Obama's Tennessee delegateFundraisingA big part of Obama's Hollywood campaigning includes fundraising - fancy term for garnering more donations towards his campaign. According to the Hollywood reporter , the Obama Victory Fund offers the following 'fundraising' packages - Platinum, Gold and Silver, worth $71,600, $35,800 and $15,000 respectively - to its Hollywood wooers. George Clooney , Will Ferrell , Robert DeNiro and Whoopi Goldberg are expected to host fundraisers for the Prez with rock stars like Foo Fighter (who will even throw a free concert for the Obama), Cee Lo Green performances at the dos.Wooing voters, Hollywood styleIn March, President Obama's re-election campaign team released a 17-minute film, \"The Road We've Traveled\" directed by Davis Guggenheim (director of \"\"An Inconvenient Truth\"\") and narrated by Oscar-winning actor Tom Hanks . There have also been some whispers that Kathryn's Bigelow's \"Zero Dark Thirty\", based on the killing of Osama bin Laden , might be part of the president's political propaganda - seeing as the movie is slated to release shortly before the Presidential elections - and that he might have given the filmmakers access to some top secret details regarding the mission.Team MichelleMichelle Obama , who cuts a pretty figure in vintage dresses and kitten heels, is Hollywood's sweetheart and no less glamorous than the silver-screen starlets. The latest evidence of the industry's Michelle-fetish is Beyonce's handwritten open letter to the First Lady, which is an ode to all that is sweet, light and honey about her. Stars like  Nicole Richie , and Scarlett Johansson backed Michelle's campaign for Improving Nutrition for America's Children . The First Lady can also be seen regularly on TV, be it in Jimmy Fallon or Ellen DeGeneres show, \"Biggest Loser\" or even \" Sesame Street \".Heavy DonationsIn a list released by Obama of \"bundlers\" who helped him raise money for 2012 reelection campaigning, Dreamworks CEO and film producer Jeffrey Katzenberg , and Vogue fashion editor Anna Wintour were some of the prominent names on that list. Among the largest donations made for Obama's campaign by Hollywood companies has been Among the bigger entertainment industry givers for the first three quarters of last year were employees of DreamWorks ($107,400), Sony ($95,900), Disney ($84, 600), and Time Warner ($81,500). Leonardo DiCaprio is one of his recent donors; so are Will Smith and his wife, Jada Pinkett-Smith, Hilary Duff , Melanie Griffith and Peter and Bridget Fonda .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12829643", "title": "Civic staff will collect octroi efficiently, says mayor", "text": "NASHIK: Mayor Yatin Wagh expressed confidence that octroi will be collected efficiently by employees of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC). At an interaction with media-persons on Sunday, Wagh said that with the cancellation of octroi privatization, NMC officials should shoulder that responsibility.The issue of privatization has been in the limelight ever since the Raj Thackeray led-Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) came to power and it has come more into focus after the cancellation of privatization at a recent general body meeting.Discussions about how the target of Rs 656 crore, as suggested by officiating municipal commissioner P Velrasu in his proposed budget, will be achieved by the NMC, have been making the rounds. Last year's collection through a private agency was Rs 524.61 crore. Taking note of the NMC's financial situation, Velrasu had suggested a 25% rise in revenue through octroi, instead of an annual increase of 15% according to the rules.The administration has barely a month to make arrangements for the collection of octroi. Wagh said, \"The collection of octroi has been going on since the NMC came into existence in 1982. It was privatized only two years back. If officials are given the responsibility, they should do their duty.\"When the NMC was collecting octroi, it barely had over 300 employees for the purpose, of which 75 have retired and the remaining were absorbed in other departments. Now the NMC needs around 600 employees in the octroi department. On the issue of making them available for octroi collection in the limited span of a month, Wagh said the municipal commissioner has sought a list of employees from all departments and those initially in the octroi department would be shortlisted.On whether the 700 employees of the private agency, who will lose their jobs after May 18 when the contract ends, will be absorbed by the NMC, Wagh said, \"We have complained many times about them resorting to hooliganism to collect octroi. We will have to think about employing them. At present, we are only thinking about employing NMC employees. The remaining will be outsourced.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12830501", "title": "Malkangiri on high alert after Chhattisgarh collector's abduction", "text": "KORAPUT: A day after Maoists abducted the district collector of Sukma in Chhattisgarh, police in Odisha have strengthened security arrangements along the border areas on suspicion that the Red rebels may try to sneak into Malkangiri district in search of a safe heaven as the southern district shares a boundary with the neighbouring state.The 2006 batch IAS officer Alex Paul Menon was kidnapped by a group of Maoists from Manjipara village while he was interacting with a group of villagers about a government outreach programme. Sources said that as the crime spot, from where the collector was kidnapped, lies at a distance of just 15 km from Odisha's border, the rebels may try to enter into Malkangiri district to avoid the glare of security men, as anti-Naxalite operations have been halted due to the ongoing MLA Jhina Hikaka hostage crisis.\"As anti-Naxalite operations have been almost stopped in south Odisha because of the hostage crisis, the Red rebels may find it safe to enter the forests of Odisha's Malkangiri district,\" a source at Malkangiri said.However, police sources said there is the least possibility of the Maoists trying to come to Odisha along with the abducted collector. \"Though Sukma shares a boundary with Malkangiri district, it is most unlikely that they will come to Odisha. But we can't be complacent. Security along the border areas has been beefed up and the inter-state borders have been sealed. Patrolling has been intensified,\" said DIG (south-west range) Saumeyendra Priyadarsi.Police said that the abductors will feel safe in Chhattisgarh as the state government will be under pressure and may not initiate any operation to rescue the collector. \"In 2011 when Maoists abducted the then Malkangiri collector they did not take him to Andhra Pradesh. Also, in Hikaka's case the abductors have not taken him to Andhra because the rebels feel safe in their own state as the government may not dare to initiate any action,\" said a senior police officer deployed in anti-Naxalite operations in Malkangiri.\"Though to some extent counter insurgency operations have been suspended in Malkangiri, we are keeping a track on the rebels' movement and security men are kept on alert to avoid any eventuality,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12829435", "title": "Maoists want 8 cadres released", "text": "BHOPAL: Maoists, who have held Chhattisgarh's Sukma district collector Alex Paul Menon as hostage from Saturday, have set April 25 as deadline for acceptance of their demands in exchange of the safe release of the young IAS officer.The demands include release of eight hard-core Maoists and suspending 'operation green hunt', the anti-naxalite operation by the security forces in Bastar.Local journalists in South Bastar have received telephone calls from a person, who identified himself Vijay, secretary of the South Bastar regional committee of the Communist Party of India (Maoist), who claimed that his cadres have \"arrested\" the district collector.The rebels had set a deadline till April 25 saying that 32-year-old officer would be produced before a \"Jan Adalat\"-a Peoples' court-which would take a decision. In exchange of the hostage, the Maoists have demanded stopping of \"operation green hunt\", the anti-Naxalite operation in Bastar, release of all \"innocent tribals\" languishing in the jails of Jagdalpur and Dantewada and release of eight Maoists who are in Raipur central prison.The Chhattisgarh government has scaled down all 'pro-active' security operations in the jungles of Bastar in order to avoid provoking the rebels in any manner and to ensure safety of the abducted officer. \"We are making all efforts for his release,\" an official saidThe Maoists also set in a pre-recorded statement to journalists saying \"We have arrested the district collector. We are demanding withdrawal of cases slapped against the people in connection with the case relating to attack on a Congress leader in Konta. We are also demanding release of Markam Gopanna alias Satyam Reddy, Nirmala Akka alias Vijay Lakshmi, Devpal Chandrasekhar Reddy, Shantipriya Reddy, Meena Choudhary, Korsa Sunny, Markam Sunny and Amit Kumar Sen\".Ever since the 2006 batch IAS officer was abducted by the rebels from Manjipara, about 48 kms away from Sukma district headquarters on Saturday, the state government has been awaiting word from the Maoists about their %demands.Besides, the government had scaled down all 'pro-active' security operations in the jungles of Bastar in order to avoid provoking the rebels in any manner and to ensure safety of the abducted officer.\"We are making all efforts to secure the release of the IAS officer. Efforts are being made to establish contact with the rebel group through various channels, including through Maoist sympathisers\", Chhattisgarh government spokesman and principal secretary N Baijendra Kumar told TOI over telephone from Raipur.Alex Paul Menon, the first district collector of newly formed Sukma district, was abducted by the Maoists from village Manjipara, near Kerlapal, where he was attending a kisan sabha (farmers meet) as a part of the Raman Singh government's outreach programme. The rebels had also gunned down two of his body guards who tried to resist the abduction move.After abduction, mostly of policemen, in Bastar in the past, the outlawed Communist Party of India (Maoist) cadres came up with their demands only almost after a week. In a last year's instance, the rebels left posters in the forests of Bijapur area after a week, announcing that seven policemen were in their custody and listing their demands for their release. A retired Intelligence bureau official, who was earlier associated with anti-Naxalite operations, told TOI that initially the list of demands would be long so that the Maoists could negotiate. During every hostage crisis in the past, at least half of the demands were met\", he said adding that the rebels coming with their demand within 24 hours of abduction was a \"good sign\".Meanwhile, local people in Sukma town took out a 'peace march' in the tribal district to appeal to the Maoists to release the district collector on humanitarian grounds.Former MLA and Bastar Adivasi Mahasabha president Manish Kunjam, who hails from Sukma town, told TOI that the sabha had already issued an appeal to the rebels not to cause any bodily harm to the young IAS officer. \"The local tribals here are willing to go into the forests to meet the rebels\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12830190", "title": "Police \u2018torture\u2019 of boy: NCPCR wants state to intervene", "text": "GURGAON: The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) has asked the Haryana government to intervene in the case involving a 13-year-old boy who was allegedly tortured in the Gurgaon police custody a year ago.The commission in a recent letter to the chief secretary stated that the child and his family were being intimidated by the accused cops to drop the cases against them.The minor boy, a resident of Krishna Colony in Sector 4, was arrested by the cops at Sector 4 police post in March last year on charges of theft of a motor vehicle. The NCPCR had noted in its investigation that the child was illegally detained and tortured in the police post.Later, acting on other recommendations, the police lodged an FIR against the accused cops, head constable Jitender Kumar and constable Manoj Kumar, while putting them on suspension.But the commission has now stated that it has yet again been approached by the father of the tortured minor who has informed them about the repeated threats issued by the police officers to the child and his family. The cops have apparently, time and again, being coercing the child and his relatives to give statements contrary to the events that actually took place.The commission has sought the personal attention of the chief secretary to the matter so as to ensure that the child and his family members are not harassed and victimized by anybody, including the police.After a letter from the NCPCR, the Gurgaon deputy commissioner in September 2011 had asked the then police commissioner S S Deswal to arrange for a compensation of Rs 25,000 which should be immediately paid to the victim so that a compliance report could be sent to the commission. But the NCPCR said that despite the recommendation, the compensation has not been paid so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12830075", "title": "1 nabbed in Paldi for cricket betting", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of the state director general of police's vigilance squad raided a residence in Paldi and arrested a 49-year-old man for involvement in cricket betting. The value of police's seizure during the raid amounts to Rs 83,800; of that, Rs 23,000 was recovered in cash.According to squad officials, a team led by inspector N D Chauhan and sub-inspectors A J Patel and A R Chavda got a tip-off about a betting racket in Paldi. The team raided the residence of Amit Patel, a resident of Shantam Residency, on Sunday afternoon. Patel was caught with a laptop, ten mobile phones, an LCD TV, and cash.\"We have learnt that Patel is basically a stock market trader and got on to betting during the IPL season,\" said a vigilance squad official. \"He used to get his daily price and score updates from a bookie named Virendra.\" The official said that Patel claimed to have earned huge profits in the IPL season because of the slew of matches. \"He had kept his stock trade suspended for a few days and was involved full-time in the betting business,\" the official said. \"We believe that he might have been involved in the betting trade earlier.\"Officials handedPatel was handed over to Ellisbridge police for further investigation. Sunday's raid is the seventh by city police on bookies involved in IPL betting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12830832", "title": "Punjab records first swine flu death", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The deadly swine flu is back in Punjab, with the state reporting the season's first fatality due to the disease, sending the state health department -- that grappled with more than 300 such cases over the last two years -- into a tizzy.Vijay Kumar , 35, resident of Nangal -- a town located on the banks of the country's biggest dam Bhakra Nangal - died in Ludhiana on Friday evening. Kumar, who died at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) was one of the two patients from the state, who had tested H1N1 positive earlier this month.\"The patient's blood sample showed high level of infection which usually happens in this flu, if not reported on time. By the time he was here, he had septicemia -- a bacteria that occurs with infections, resulting in a cardiac arrest,\" Dr Rajesh Mahajan, professor of medicine at DMCH, told TOI.Lack of isolation wards, bed facilities and ventilators at district hospitals in Punjab have been a cause of concern. Between 2009 and 2010, there were 252 people in Punjab who tested positive for the flu, leaving 73 of them dead due to delay in treatment. A woefully small number of central government laboratories with facilities to test throat swabs for swine flu has already hampered the early treatment of patients.At present, PGIMER is the only hospital in the state, equipped with the swab facility, to deal with patients' reports from 24 districts, along with neighbouring states of Himachal Pradesh and Haryana. The state's health department, however, defends the state goverment's \"adequate facilities\" to tackle the deadly flu.\"In the entire country, we have 6-7 labs with testing facilities. It takes a lot of money and equipment to build such a lab. We have a stockpile of oseltamivir tablets (anti-viral drug) for 15,000 people here in Chandigarh and 23,000 people in other districts,\" said Dr Deepak Bhatia, nodal officer, Integrated Disease Surveillance Programme, Punjab.The central health ministry in 2009 had outlined steps aimed at containing clusters of infections by providing oseltamivir to every single person in a 5-km zone around each cluster. However, the state is yet to begin the process of distributing the tablets.\"This flu is no longer a pandemic which one could contract from someone. It's an endemic and already in the population. We have issued a high alert already. Medicines will be distributed now that the flu has been detected,\" said Bhatia.A review meeting had recently been called to discuss preventive arrangements and preparedness of the health department in tackling H1N1 after reports of two H1N1 positive patients caused a stir in the state. Earlier, a 55-year old woman had died in the neighbouring state of Himachal Pradesh.Swine-flu deaths and positive casesDeaths Positive Cases2011-12: 1 (till Apr 22) 2 (till April 22)2010-11: Nil 462009-10: 73 252", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12830563", "title": "New home for old &amp; rare books", "text": "The state central library occupies the pride of the place among public libraries of India, especially for its collection on Goan history and culture and Indo-Portuguese history, which is widely consulted by research scholars from India and abroad.With the state central library moving to its news premises at Patto, Panaji , the main problem it faced for the last three decades-that of shortage of space-has been resolved. Such was the space problem that the library was forced to shift some of its sections and stack areas to other premises.The new five-storey spacious building, set to be inaugurated on Monday, has all amenities and necessary infrastructure, to make every Goan proud as no other state public library in India has a building of such standing. It is a state of art library, now named Krishnadas Shama Goa State Central Library, in recognition of Shama's contribution to Konkani literature in the 16th century. Shama, a native of Quelossim, is the author of Krishna Caritrakatha and various other Konkani texts.The library in its new premises provides resources and services in a variety of media and plays a vital role in bridging the gap between the information rich and the information poor by providing public access to the internet as well as providing information in traditional formats, through different sections.Activities related to registration of new members, issue and return of books are carried out on the first floor, including book drop facility using RFID technology. Besides, around 27 local and national newspapers and over 250 periodicals on socio-political, economic, scientific and technical topics as well as magazines on sports , films, cultural and literary aspects, are displayed here. The reading services are open to all, however, the borrowing facilities can be availed of only by members. There is also provision for the blind with a Braille collection and specially designed non-book material.The second floor is set aside for children, right from toddlers to 12 years old, with specially designed furniture and interiors. In addition to children's books, and reference sources, it has a good collection of maps, globes and other audio-visual material, including toys. Children are also provided access to computers and internet. The internet browsing centre is also on this floor, which can be accessed on payment of charges fixed by the library. The library has access to a number of databases like, DELNET, CMIE, EBSCO, Indiastat and JSTOR online databases.The circulation or lending section is housed on the third floor, with books in English, Marathi, Konkani and Hindi, on different subjects, which cater to the educational, cultural, informational and recreational needs of the users. Since a majority of the readers borrow books for leisure and recreational activity, the collection on fiction and biographies exceeds that of other subjects. Old issues of magazines and journals are also made available for home issue.The fourth floor, houses the rich heritage of Goan history and culture. Manuscripts as well as early imprints, are displayed on this floor. It may be noted that during the 16th and 17th centuries, various religious books, bilingual grammars and dictionaries were written by missionaries, the early imprints, are those which were published in Goa during these centuries. Conservation of this collection was earlier done by the library with the experts from INTACH, Lucknow. The library is a resource centre for studies related to Goa, including Indo-Portuguese history. It has a number of primary published sources, on Indo-Portuguese history, these include chronicles, official correspondence and documents and ecclesiastical documents. Books related to Goa, Indo-Portuguese history, and works published in Goa are available on this floor.Here one also finds bound volumes of the Boletim do Governo, an official publication dating to 1837, an important source of information concerning various government enactments, rules and relations of different socio-cultural and religious institutions, service orders relating to appointments, leave, suspension and retirement. Prior to 1889 historical write-ups too were published in this bulletin. Complete collections of the Official Gazette, Government of Goa, Daman and Diu , and the Official Gazette-Government of Goa can be found here.Teh library has a rich fount of historical and archaeological journals, as well as present day journals and magazines published in Goa, in addition to a rich collection of over 160 titles of local newspapers dating back to 1861, all published in Goa prior to liberation. Besides all newspapers published in Goa since liberation are maintained in this section. This collection is an important source for local history.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12836948", "title": "Worker killed while cleaning drain in Patna", "text": "PATNA: A worker was killed while another sustained injuries when earth caved in as they were cleaning a choked drain at Lodipur locality under Gandhi Maidan police station on Monday morning.Locals said the two workers Rudal Manjhi and Mantoo Kumar entered a ditch on Buddha Marg to clear a choked drain at around 10am. As they were working, a chunk of soil caved in, trapping them inside. They shouted for help, following which some other workers jumped into the ditch and pulled out Mantoo. But Rudal was completely buried under the heap of soil and it took almost three hours to pull out his body. By that time, he was dead.Mantoo was sent to PMCH for treatment.DSP (Town) Ramakant and DSP (Law &amp; Order) L M Sharma reached the spot on receipt of information. Ramakant said Rudal was a native of Giridih district in Jharkhand and was staying here at a rented house at Lodipur. Rudal's family was given Rs 11,500 for performing his last rites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12830042", "title": "Govt to prioritize programmes on monk", "text": "MYSORE: Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda has said that government will give top priority to programmes connected to Swami Vivekananda.He also called upon the youths to follow the principles of Vivekananda. \"Karnataka won't allow people to fall prey to foreign culture,\" he added.Mysore district minister S A Ramdas lauded the work of Ramakrishna Ashram and promised help to its programmes. A CD on Vivekananda was released on the occasion. He said a mobile theatre will be set up to spread the message of Vivekananda among the people, including those in rural areas. He also promised a park in the name of Vivekananda.The CM, along with hundreds of people, witnessed a 20-minute laser show on the monk at Mysore Palace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12830414", "title": "Classroom teaching goes hi-tech at Kendriya Vidyalayas", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Blackboards in classrooms will soon be replaced with interactive boards at three Kendriya Vidyalays in Odisha under the e-classroom project launched by the Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan (KVS) in 50 KVs in India. The three KVs in Odisha are Berhampur, KV No.1 in Cuttack and KV Sambalpur. There are 55 KVs in Odisha.At least ten classrooms of each of these schools (one section from Class III to XII) will be equipped with the necessary gadgets and hardware, which will be provided by the KVS. The students will sit in the e-classroom to interact with their counterparts and teachers of other KVs through the electronic-comprehensive teaching and learning tools (E-CTLT).\"It will enable students to interact with students of other Kendriya Vidyalayas. It will also make them tech-savvy. The classrooms will be highly equipped when all the necessary gadgets are installed to launch the e-classrooms,\" a senior teacher of KV Berhampur said.\"We are ready to rollout the project very soon. Our teachers have already been trained at Mumbai and Mysore, while some other teachers are undergoing training,\" said K P Dash, principal-in-charge, KV Berhampur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830703", "title": "Director of 'Dirty Picture' slams govt's double standards", "text": "MUMBAI: The government on Sunday asked Sony TV to move the telecast of 'The Dirty Picture' from the prime time slot to the night 'adult' time band. The channel ran a ticker saying, \"For unavoidable reasons we regret to inform that the film The Dirty Picture will not be telecast on Sunday. Any inconvenience caused is deeply regretted.\"A lawyer had filed a PIL in the Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court against the telecast of the film, questioning its adult content. The censor board (CBFC) had cleared the film with 59 cuts and a UA certificate.The film's director, Milan Luthria, lashed out at the government's \"double standards\". \"On the one hand the film is given the highest national honour, and on the other hand it decides against it being shown to people. After 59 cuts and a loss of 8.5 minutes why can't it be telecast? What is even more shocking is that the decision of the censor board (CBFC) was overruled by the ministry,'' he said. \"When promos and other films with UA certificate can be shown on television why can't my film? Are we not grown up as a society, why do we have to submit ourselves to external forces?'' he raged.CBFC CEO Pankaja Thakur defended the ministry. \"Whatever is shown on TV-whether it is a film, a serial or a commercial-has to be as per the programme code of the Cable Television Network Regulation Act. As per the code, films that have UA rating can be shown on TV. A-rated films are submitted to the CBFC for giving such cuts and deletions that would make the film get an UA rating. Some films have adult themes and the treatment and public perception is such that even after making many cuts the film retains its mature theme.\"A board member said, \"Until now no film had been dragged to court for adult content. It will force us to look at films that can be shown on prime time and those that will be pushed to the watershed slot which is normal procedure in the West. Just getting an UA certificate will not be enough. And there is no guarantee that a child under the age of 12 is going to watch the film under parental guidance at home.''Thakur said, \"In view of the court cases and the programme code that has to be followed by all TV programmes, including films, CBFC would be forced to look at the whole process of cutting an adult film to make it suitable to be watched by children. Chairperson of the CBFC has taken note of the matter and plans to take up the issue for discussion in the next board meeting.''Many in the film industry feel the I&B; ministry is compromising the position of the censor board by overruling its certification of the film. A film producer said, \"Prakash Jha's Aarakshan faced a problem with politicians. It was banned even after the censors had cleared it.''Director Karan Johar tweeted, \"a national award winning film cannot have a national telecast? This is not an irony but plain and simple hypocrisy. If the censorship is not a final authority then what is? Complicated and blurred lines defeat the core of democracy.''On April 19, a lawyer filed a plea in the Nagpur bench of the HC seeking a ban on the telecast of the movie on the grounds that it contained obscene shots. The court issued notices to the I&B; ministry and the CBFC to file a reply by April 20. On Saturday, the court allowed Sony and others to go ahead with the scheduled telecast after the respondents informed the court that the CBFC had cleared the film after 59 cuts, 36 of which were cut by the film producer and 22 others as suggested by the board.ReactionsTusshar Kapoor: In light of recent events that exposed the dark side of Bollywood , The Dirty Picture was well-timed as it depicts a similar harsh reality. Sad that in spite of being acclaimed for its entertaining realism and having won 3 National awards, the regulatory forces have stalled the show.Mahesh Bhatt: Any business which is so dependent on perceptions is dangerous. This so-called public hysteria which was \"engineered\" against TDP has led to the I&B; ministry stepping in and pushing the telecast of the film to the 'adult hour' time-band. Let us not make this into an 'us' against 'them' situation. We need to put this behind us and work out a way to prevent this from happening again.Kushan Nandy: In this country, a minister can watch porn in Parliament but won't allow us to watch a 56-cut censored film at homeSuhel Seth: The telecast of TDP has been stopped only so that the country doesn't get spoilt by beauty. Keep watching MLAs!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12829189", "title": "New policy on supply of commercial LPG soon", "text": "KOCHI: The central government is in the process of drafting a new policy on the supply of commercial LPG cylinders, which in turn will reduce the financial burden on small restaurants and hotels, said Union minister for consumer affairs and public distribution K V Thomas.He was inaugurating the state conference of Kerala Hotel and Restaurant Association (KHRA) here on Sunday.The minister said that the state and central governments will immediately come up with a solution to various issues faced by hotels and restaurants in the state.\"In the next session of Parliament, people's representatives from the state will raise the issues in the House. The Union ministry is getting many petitions from Kerala regarding issues faced by hotels and restaurants such as the price-hike of LPG cylinders, dearth of employees in this sector, etc. We are sure these can be sorted out amicably,\" the minister said.G Sudhieshkumar, state president of KHRA presided over the meeting.Minister for excise and ports K Babu handed over the trophy constituted for the best performing district to Pathanamthitta. The art and cultural activities of KHRA was inaugurated by actor Mohanlal.LDF convener Vaikom Viswam, MLA Hibi Eden and mayor Tony Chammany attended the function.Seminars on topics like 'Micro, small and medium enterprise' and 'Smooth operation of hotels' were organized as part of the conference on Sunday morning. Discussions were held on various legal problems faced by hotels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12830567", "title": "Amul stirs up storm in teacup, says milk not tea should be national drink", "text": "VADODARA: Your morning cup of tea would not fire up your sleepy senses without a little milk in it, and yet a debate has been stirred up on what should be India's national drink - tea or milk.On Saturday, deputy chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia announced in Jorhat, the tea capital of India, that tea will be given that place of pride by April next year.Wrong decision, say managers of the $3 billion brand Amul, which prides itself on being the 'taste of India'. Milk should be the national drink, the managers insist.Ahluwalia had said that tea would be accorded national drink status by April 17 next year to coincide with the 212th birth anniversary of the first Assamese tea planter and Sepoy Mutiny leader Maniram Dewan, who was among the first indigenous tea planters in the country.\"But milk is the world's original energy drink for all age groups and for all healthy nations,\" says R S Sodhi, managing director of Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF), the apex marketing body of all district dairy unions of Gujarat.\"There is no need to declare anything,\" he adds. Everybody knows milk is the national drink. Nobody in India has declared 'chapati' and rice as the national meal but they are,\" he adds from Anand, the country's milk capital and the birthplace of the White Revolution.India is the largest producer and consumer of black tea in the world. But the case of milk is no different. The country surpassed US in 1998 and emerged as the world's largest milk producer, thanks to the largest dairy development programme launched by the National Dairy Development Board (NDDB) under the chairmanship of Dr Verghese Kurien.It was just last week that NDDB launched 'Mission Milk - the Next Revolution' - the first phase of National Dairy Plan - touted to be country's second White Revolution with the aim to double India's milk production. The Centre estimates that domestic demand for milk will grow to 200 million tonnes by 2021-22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12829605", "title": "Phone subscribers complain of poor connectivity, call drops", "text": "INDORE: Cell phone subscribers in the state are grappling with the problems of poor connectivity and call drops even as the companies are giving a go by to the maintenance work and complaints of the customers.Downtime or percentage of time in which any tower was not working, accessibility &amp; maintenance related issues and above all resolution of billing/ charging are some of the problems being faced by the subscribers of cell phone services in the state. Except for the issue relating to resolution of billing on which each and every telecom services provider in the state has got cent per cent mark by the telecom regulator, Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI), they are lagging on almost all other fronts.Major cellphone services providers in the state include Bharti Airtel, BSNL, Idea Cellular, Reliance Comm, Reliance Telecom, Tata Teleservices (CDMA), TataTeleservices (GSM), Videocon and Vodafone.V K Bhalla, former chief operating officer of Airtel in MP &amp; Chhattisgarh said that while in some cases, customers are themselves to blame, in some cases the problems arise due to network congestion and due to the fact that the service provider has not designed his network strongly. The solution for this is to increase the number of towers to overcome the issue, he said.As per the TRAI report, which was released in December last year, Bharti Airtel's base station (BTS) accumulated downtime or non-availability of network in a month in percentage was at 0.18%, which is lower than that of Reliance Telecomm, Vodafone(0.05) and Tata Tele (CDMA). It was higher in case of BSNL (1), Idea (1.09) and Videocon (0.60). It is another thing that all of them are having level less than the quality of service (QoS) parameter or benchmark at 2% on the front. Reacting on it, Ganesh Chandra Pandey, general manager, BSNL Indore, said that it may be because of maintenance related issues which we are trying to sort out shortly.Also, he said that in certain pockets our signals are weak due to a simple reason that despite our application, the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has not given its nod to install our towers over there. Still, we are working for optimization of our network to address the problems, said Pandey. When contacted, a spokesman of Bharti Airtel, said on condition of anonymity that if you are travelling and trying to make a call it is connected to a particular tower. Suppose, at other end the receiver is in a stationary mode then, sometimes it does create problems.Commenting on the topic, a spokeswoman of Idea cellular claimed that her company doesn't have any issue on these fronts. Still, if any complaint is lodged by any of her subscriber, then she has got proper mechanism in place to address them through which connectivity related problem is addressed within 24 hours of registration of grievance. Secondly, being one of the biggest players in the state, we are on an expansion mode now as we want to go more and more rural areas, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "12829895", "title": "Supari from New Zealand for honour killing", "text": "KARNAL: Just how deeply patriarchal biases are ingrained in the northern hinterland was clear when a Class XII student, Ashu Chautani, was killed on the directions of the New Zealand-based brother of the girl he was in a relationship with.According to police, Chautani was hacked to death while he was on his way back home from tuitions on April 18. Three youths - Gagandeep, Vishal, and Adarsh - were arrested for the murder and the accused have confessed to killing Chautani for Rs 10,000.The three were arrested on the basis of the statement given by Chautani's friend who witnessed the crime. He was accompanying his friend back from tuition when the three accosted them. While he managed to run away, Chautani was killed.Gagandeep, Vishal and Adarsh during their interrogation told cops that Mukesh, who is studying in New Zealand, hired them to kill Ashu as he didn't like Ashu's affair with his sister. Following the gruesome murder, the boy's mother Chanchal Chautani also tried to kill herself.Police said Ashu recently got involved in a heated exchange with Mukesh's family over his affair with his sister following which Mukesh conspired to get him killed. Mukesh called up Vishal, a close friend of his, and asked him to kill Ashu.Vishal, a resident of Nilokheri, roped in Adarsh, Gagandeep and Krishan to kill Ashu for Rs 10,000. Krishan, the fourth accused in the case, is still at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12829462", "title": "Doctors' rally on May 6", "text": "BHOPAL: Doctors from all the six government medical colleges of the state will organize a rally in the state capital on May 6 to apprise the state about their grievances.Representatives of Madhya Pradesh Medical Officers Association (MPMOA) from Rewa, Gwalior, Bhopal , Indore, Jabalpur and Sagar medical colleges had organized a meeting here on Sunday to streamline the process to put forth their demands before the state government.President MPMOA Dr Anand Sharma said that the state government had issued directives for four-time scale promotions for medical officers, surgeons and specialists in August 2008. But nothing of that sort has been implemented.In its demand, MPMOA wants withdrawal of orders of the health department to recover cash benefits extended to them under time scale promotions, implementation of 6th pay commission and time-bound promotion for all (feeder cadre).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12829134", "title": "COEP flyover plan triggers debate", "text": "PUNE: There seems to be no consensus on the necessity for a three-tier flyover planned near the College of Engineering Pune (COEP) at Shivajinagar.The Pune municipal corporation says it is financially viable and would help decongest the area. But the members of the alumni association of COEP say the plan has technical flaws. Meanwhile, citizens groups and activists suggest that the PMC should not construct flyovers at all.The COEP college alumni has suggested a diversion near the RTO junction to reduce congestion from the college to Sancheti bridge. \"The PMC plan does not take into consideration the need to preserve a 158-year-old heritage structure. The flyover will solely alleviate congestion at junctions and will not solve the traffic problem as a whole. Flyovers do not offer a complete solution as they do not solve the problems of traffic jams, especially in congested areas or at odd junctions where three or five roads intersect. The flyover near COEP would be a concrete monster which would disfigure the entire heritage precinct and will not solve the traffic problem either. It will actually increase congestion on the J M Road,\" alumni association members Ramesh Rao and Vikas Khanvilkar said in a statement.Their proposal has been seconded by town planning expert R M Raval, ex-joint director of town planning B V Kolatkar and MTech town planning student Yogesh Keskar.The flyover will have three arms. The first arm will be 9.5 meter wide and will start near the metallurgy department of the college and end near Shopper's Stop on the old Pune-Mumbai highway. Khanvilkar suggests that the slope (1:30) of the flyover is very steep for any type of vehicle. \"The height of this flyover at the junction will be 19 meters. The second arm is 8.5 meters wide and will start near Sancheti hospital and end in front of the college. This arm will pass underneath the first one. The horizontal curve may lead to more accidents because the motorists will push the accelerator. The third arm near Patil Estate is an ill-conceived design and a waste of money,\" Rao and Khanvilkar said in the statement.Besides, the alumni thinks the flyover would add to pedestrians' miseries. \"In urban areas, a flyover with a 1:30 slope is exceptional. This will not be used by pedestrians, cyclists and will be avoided even by bus drivers. The area is frequented by pedestrians due to the presence of a railway station, shops and colleges in the vicinity. Their movement will be severely affected.\" Rao and Khanvilkar suggested that such a project must be taken up only after a cost benefit analysis.Additional city engineer (roads development) Vivek Kharwadkar said, \"A cost benefit analysis has found that the project is financially viable. The alternative suggested by the members would incur an expenditure of nearly Rs 200 crore as against the PMC's plan of Rs 65 crore. The project is in the larger public interest and has also received the approval of elected members. The PMC will definitely consider the suggestions to the extent of making minor variations.\"Several citizens groups and activists working for sustainable transport in the city have sent a petition to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan urging him to get the construction work stopped. The petition said that flyovers built by the PMC have aggravated traffic problems in the city instead of alleviating them.\"Constructing flyovers is not a sustainable traffic solution. It provides a temporary relief and the problem becomes serious after a few years. Such constructions benefit only private vehicles, that too for a short term. On the other hand, the increase in number of private vehicles creates major problems for pedestrians, cyclists and bus commuters, whose mobility and safety are seriously affected,\" the petition said.Among the signatories to the petition are Sujit Patwardhan of Parisar, Jugal Rathi of PMP Pravasi Manch, Dilip Sarda of Pune Cycle Prathisthan, Prashant Inamdar of Pedestrians First and Satish Khot of the National Society for Clean Cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12829199", "title": "2 held for bludgeoning man to death", "text": "PUNE: A 26-year-old criminal on police records was found murdered at Vadgaon Dhayari on Sunday morning. The Haveli police have arrested two persons for their alleged involvement in the murder. The police have identified the deceased as Jayram alias Tinya Belapurkar of Kargil building, Vadgaon Dhayari. Belapurkar's body was found on an open plot in the area.He had been bludgeoned to death with a large stone. The police said that the suspects - Sagar Prakash Kadvate (30) of Karad and Suresh Munjanath Shetty (31) of Vadgaon Dhayari - killed Belapurkar due to previous rivalry. Inspector Sardar Patil of the Haveli police station said that Belapurkar's body was found on Sunday morning. Investigations revealed that Belapurkar and three others, including Shetty and Kadvate, had consumed alcohol at Nanded Phata on Sinhagad Road.\"Following a tip-off, a police team nabbed Shetty and Kadvate on Sunday afternoon,\" Patil said. During interrogation, the duo confessed their involvement in the murder.\"Shetty revealed that around five years ago, Belapukar had severely thrashed him and thrown him in a canal. He said he killed Belapurkar to take revenge,\" Patil said. Belapukar had cases of body offence registered against him with the city police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12833979", "title": "Complaint against Santhanam and Udayanidhi", "text": "Ravi Kishan, a businessman in Chennai, has filed a police complaint against Santhanam and Udayanidhi Stalin.According to the complainant, Santhanam had bought a house that belonged to him and paid 1.75 crores for it. When he demanded the remaining 10 lakh rupees, Santhanam issued a cheque but it bounced.Later when Ravi Kishan demanded the sum again, Santhanam sought the help of Udayanidhi Stalin. The producer-actor is said to have threatened the complainant with dire consequences if he demanded the remaining amount.Following this, Ravi Kishan has filed a police complaint. He met the Commissioner of Police, Tripathy recently with the complaint and the police are investigating this issue.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12830888", "title": "84 kids rescued by juvenile unit since 2011", "text": "CHENNAI: More than 84 children found begging on the streets have been rescued by the Tamil Nadu Juvenile Aid Police Unit (JPAU) since January 2011. Most of the children were from Bihar, Andhra Pradesh, Jharkhand, Uttar Pradesh and Orissa.\"The children whom we rescued came to Chennai due to extreme poverty in their states. Some were forced by their parents to take up arduous jobs. If we find any children wandering without adult supervision, we rescue them and take them with us after ensuring they are runaway children,\" said assistant commissioner of police C Shyamala Devi.On an average, a child was reduced daily and they were handed over to Child Welfare Committee (CWC), who reunited them with their parents. The rescued kids are taken to state-run homes and non-governmental organizations. In 2011, the JAPU has rescued 318 children (219 male and 99 female) and traced the parents of more than 105 children (66 male and 39 female).\"We ensure that children do not fall prey to the criminal world. Since they make easy money through beggin, they don't hesistate to take up such activities,\" Devi said.There are 18 members in the unit who work in shifts. They cover Egmore and Central railway stations, CMBT, Marina beach and certain signals. \"We are very particular in rescuing female children to protect them from being physically abused. Once the rescued children are sent to homes, we ensure that they are taken care off well,\" said an official attached to the JPAU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12828907", "title": "Bad weather ruins maiden Mechuka flight", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Arunachal Pradesh government's maiden flight from Guwahati to Mechuka Valley went awry on Sunday due bad weather and poor visibility. Though northeastern air service provider NE Shuttle's 18-seater Dornier aircraft left Guwahati's Lokapriya Gopinath Bordoloi International Airport, had to return after hovering over the Mechuka airstrip for sometime.The aircraft will again leave for Mechuka with tourists from the city on Wednesday. \"The weather was so bad that the landing strip was not visible. The response from tourists for the air service is encouraging and we are now looking forward to Wednesday's flight,\" P N Nepali, captain of the aircraft, said.The Arunachal government launched the commercial flight service to Mechuka - a picturesque valley barely 29km from the Indo-China border - to promote the place as a tourism destination. State tourism director A K Singh said that the government has a proposal for starting a high-altitude golf course in the valley as part of the project. \"The valley offers one of the most breathtaking scenery in Arunachal Pradesh. We have already set up tourism infrastructure at Mechuka and now we are looking to start a high-altitude golf course there,\" he said.Located in West Siang district, Mechuka is one of the unexplored scenic spots in the state and has become the second tourism spots located close to Mac Mohan line after Bum La at 14,000 feet in Tawang district. At an altitude of about 6,000 feet, Mechuka, nestled under the snow-capped eastern Himalayas , is home to the Buddhist Memba tribe. Mechuka is also dotted with many Buddhist remains and is the home to the 400-year-old Samten Yongcha monastery, a contemporary of the much-revered Tawang monastery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12830561", "title": "Gym, club at stadium are illegal: Public works department", "text": "BANGALORE: The tussle between the state government agencies and Karnataka State Cricket Association (KSCA) just got messier, with the public works department (PWD) terming the swimming pool, gym, clubhouse, restaurant and ice cream parlour in Chinnaswamy Stadium \"unauthorized constructions\".The multi-pronged attack from the PWD and BBMP comes in the midst of IPL-5, apparently sparked off after the brouhaha over VIP passes for corporators. The PWD is upset that KSCA has sub-leased the stadium to Vijay Mallya's team, and the government is not getting a rupee of the IPL booty.The PWD, owner of the 16.54 acres of stadium property, has termed the Karnataka Land Army Corporation building in the stadium unauthorized, and is seeking an explanation.This apart, 47 guestrooms built in residential and terrace blocks in the stadium have been declared illegal.\"The department has sent the file to the law department and department of personnel and administrative reforms (DPAR) for further course of action,\" K B Devaraja, secretary, PWD, told TOI, without elaborating what exactly the action would be.\"Before taking the next step, we have to seek the government's opinion,\" he added.Recently, the PWD slapped a notice on KSCA, asking it to pay Rs 6.55 crore a month as rent instead of the meagre Rs 19,000 a year for the prime property in the heart of the city.A top department official maintained that by invoking one of the clauses in the agreement, which clearly states that in the event of a breach of terms and conditions, the department would be empowered to withdraw the concessions granted.\"The agreement, drawn up in 1970 between the PWD and KSCA, does not allow the management committee to construct anything without PWD permission. It has also come to our notice that KSCA is earning revenue out of illegal construction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12828866", "title": "Experts suggest fresh approach to ease Shillong water woes", "text": "SHILLONG: Even with summer just about to set in, Meghalaya's annual water crisis have started and the several ambitious water-supply projects that were inaugurated with much fanfare have come to nothing. Experts believe that authorities should now start looking at easy and affordable solutions to the crisis. \"For example, the abundant natural springs in Meghalaya could to be scientifically developed to providing safe drinking water in the state, especially in rural areas,\" said an environmentalist. The urban areas, including Shillong , have several natural springs. Lack of official initiative to harness the bounty of nature in a comprehensive manner is missing.The pristine springs are the main source of water supply and outlet of ground water in Meghalaya, the Central Ground Water Board had pointed out long ago. In fact, about 200 springs have a discharge rate of 120 litres per minute in rural Meghalaya.\"The Central Ground Water Board conducted resource evaluation studies, but there has been no movement in this regard ever since,\" an official said. \"Development of springs will solve the crisis. The board had also identified an artesian belt in West Garo Hills where no power is needed to lift the ground water,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "12829404", "title": "Shanties razed on medical college campus", "text": "NADIA: The administration removed about 20 shanties from the campus of Kalyani Medical College on Sunday morning, paving way for the construction of boundary wall as per the MCI (Medical council of India) norms, SDO, Kalyani, Saibal Chakraborty said.Bhanu Ranjan Ghosh, superintendent, Kalyani Medical College, said the they act of clearing the shanties has helped them in a few fields including paving the path for clearing the MCI norms as they would now be able to construct the outdoor, boundary wall and morgue for the medical college.The construction works for Kalyani Medical College was initiated about four years ago. Since then some people have been occupying places inside the campus. They had set up a few shanties and small shops too. After the medical college started about two years ago, the shanties and its dwellers became safety, security and hygiene concerns for the college.Ghosh said: \"The shanties were creating various safety and security related problems for the college. We had informed the local administration for umpteen numbers to remove the unauthorized huts, but it took a long time for them to act.\"The administration, in presence of police and municipal officials, destroyed about 20 shanties on Sunday. Some shanties are still left and the owners have been given seven days' time to remove those, said Chakraborty.The dwellers used to keep pigs in the huts, thus creating unhygienic environment in the campus. These are infectious too. So it was too a great problem to the Medical college authority. On the other hand, the boundary wall erection was getting obstructed for the shanties.Ghosh said, \"According to the MCI norms, a medical college must have boundary wall. But due to the shanties, we were unable to construct the same. We have a morgue but that doesn't comply with the MCI specification. We were unable to construct the same due to lack of land. As the shanties have been removed, we will now construct a morgue and the outdoor as per the MCI norms.\"The outdoor will be constructed close to Kalyani Shilpanchal Rail Station, so that the patients can reach the outdoor easily.SDO Chakraborty said that they have sent notices to the shanty dwellers and miking to clear the spot they had been occupying in the Medical college campus and destroyed some of the shanties by bulldozer. \" None obstructed and the works of clearance ended peacefully,\" Chakraaborty said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12831371", "title": "Koramangala, BTM grope in the dark", "text": "BANGALORE: Large swathes of south-east Bangalore plunged into darkness on Sunday after KPTC's 220 KV station blacked out in the afternoon.Koramangala, HSR Layout and BTM Layout were among the affected areas. Power supply will be restored only after 9am on Monday, KPTC officials said.Bescom officials confirmed that 10 lakh consumers were affected. They alleged that KPTC kept them in the dark about the problem at the station. Bescom officials, who were blamed by some consumers for not having responded to their calls on the helplines, told TOI that the lines were overloaded as huge number of calls flooded the control rooms.Peeyush Naraian, an angry resident of BTM Layout, said: \"Sunday is the only day I get to relax and sleep after slogging it out for the entire week. There was no prior warning from Bescom and their complaint number, too, wasn't working.\"\"I haven't been able to cook because my gadgets are electrical and we don't have LPG. I don't know what to do tonight,\" rued Kanti Bhai Jain, resident of Mission Cross Road, Double Road. \"We may be able to bear the heat but how can I console my little boy,\" asked Abhishek Sarkar , resident of Koramangala 6th Block.WATER SCARCITYThe week begins with bad news for citizens. There will be water shortage in many areas on Monday because of power failure at the 220kv station in Somanahalli, which tripped operation of BWSSB's pumping stations. Two pumping stations at Harohalli and Tataguni came to a grinding halt at 2:40pm on Sunday. Although power was restored by 3:55pm, the pumps will be able to gain normal speed only by two days as they operate on a 48-hour cycle. The BWSSB urged citizens to bear with the shortage or low flow in most areas. By Tuesday, the situation will return to normal. TNN'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12829671", "title": "Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences steps up vigil near OPD", "text": "LUCKNOW: Extra precautionary measures were put in place at Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences (SGPGIMS) on Sunday, a day after a kidney cheat was caught in the medical institution. Notices have been put near the out-patient department (OPDs) and billing counters. Director Prof RK Sharma said, \"We have taken extra precautionary and security measures so that patients are not cheated. Just to avoid standing in long queues, patients get lured by such kind of people who dupe while offering help. We have asked the security guards to be vigilant near OPDs and billing counters that are mostly crowded.\" On Saturday, doctors at SGPGI caught a man who duped patients by promising them kidneys for transplantation. He also cheated people by asking them money for completing formalities for pathological tests, after which he disappeared.He used to put up posters at various wards at SGPGI mentioning that he could arrange kidneys 'free of cost' for patients in trouble. When patients approached him, he took some money from them and then never came back. On Saturday, he was caught by the doctors while he was putting up a poster on a wall. A patient who was already cheated took a note and informed the doctors who then confirmed about his job by calling on his number. He was then caught and handed over to the police.\"The problem is that there is always a rush in the hospital. Family members and relatives of patients keep walking in and out of the wards. This makes us difficult to put a check on such people. But, we are trying our level best to help the patients,\" said Prof Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12829353", "title": "Monsoon relief: Sensors to predict waterlogging", "text": "KOLKATA: Waterlogged streets are a common sight in the city every monsoon. But this year, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) may be able to save its face, thanks to a team of researchers at IIT Kharagpur. With the help of the institute's civil engineering department, KMC plans to install electronic sensors and automatic rain gauges at various borough offices to monitor rainfall patterns in the city. The sensors will also check water levels at important sewerage lines of the city. The practice , already in use in Mumbai, is used as an important indicator for administrators to fight flooding.Even as the weather gods are playing truant with the city reeling under a heat wave, Kolkata Municipal Corporation might just be able to save its face during the upcoming monsoon season, thanks to a team of researchers from IIT-Kharagpur. In an ambitious plan, the civil engineering department of Kharagpur IIT will help KMC install electronic sensors at different borough offices in the city which will help the corporation monitor rainfall patterns in the city, but importantly check the water levels at the important sewerage lines of the city. The practice, already in use in Mumbai, is used across the world now and is an important indicator for administrators to fight flooding.Sources in the KMC said that the data recorded in the rain gauges will be automatically transferred to the central data processing centre set up at the IIT campus in Kharagpur. After an analysis of the data, periodic alerts will be sent out to senior officials of the civic body to make them aware of the areas which need special attention. Mayor Sovan Chatterjee, MMiC (drainage and sewerage) Rajib Deb and special officer (drainage and sewerage) Amit Roy are some of the officials who will receive these alerts.The automatic rain gauges will be temporarily set up near KMC pumping stations and borough offices at BT Road, Maniktala, Ultadanga, Palmer Bazar and Kalighat. \"If the pilot project is successful, we will install these rain gauges in other parts of the city,'' said a senior KMC official. Since north Kolkata is the worst hit during monsoons every year, most of the metre gauges will be set up in this part of the city.While Palmerbazar drains out water from large parts of north Kolkata, including Chittaranjan Avenue, MG Road, Bidhan Sarani, APC Road, Lenin Sarani, Beerpara and Belgachia take care of waterlogging at RG Kar Road, Tallah and BT Road. Dhapa Lock drainage pumping station is used to drain out water from parts of Eastern Metropolitan Bypass.KMC officials said they are also looking at long-term forecasts which will predict waterlogging during the entire rainy season. \"Once we accumulate the cumulative figure, we can make specific policy changes in certain pockets of the city,'' said the official. The fitting of these instruments will neither be time consuming nor expensive, he said. \"We will need an area of 4X4 feet space to install these instruments,'' said the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12829545", "title": "12 students selected for research programme", "text": "INDORE: The Raja Ramanna Centre for Advanced Technology (RRCAT), country's premier laboratory in the areas of accelerators, lasers and related areas of science and technology announced the list of candidates selected under Young Scientist Research Programme (YSRP). The candidates will attend an eight-week programme this summer to work on a project. They will present their research papers to the centre after the programme.Out of 12 selected candidates, two candidates Neha Bhati from Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) and Anup Kumar Rajput from Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) are from the state. Three girl candidates made it to the programme run by the Centre. Among the selected candidates, six each are from M Sc and BE background. Five students are from National Institutes of Technology (NIT) set up in different cities of the country.The selected students will be provided free accommodation at the institute's guest house and will be given a stipend for the research work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12828945", "title": "Locals blame cops for Jorhat crime spurt", "text": "JORHAT: The crime rate in chief minister Tarun Gogoi's hometown of Jorhat has risen in the last couple of years with locals blaming lapses on the part of the state police and the lack of proper management of security forces in the district for the disturbing trend. Last week, the Centre had expressed concern on the law and order situation in Assam with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh saying he was dissatisfied with the progress in solving the \"complex\" issue at the recent chief minister's conference on internal security in New DelhiAccording to official records of the Jorhat sadar police station - the model police station of the district - 952 cases were registered at the police station in 2011, compared to just 436 in 2009 and 854 in 2010. In 2012, the number has already crossed the 300-mark and is expected to touch 1,200 by the end of the year, breaking all previous records.Bakul Gogoi, officer in-charge of Jorhat sadar police station, said: \"The number of registered cases in Jorhat are increasing. In fact, all kinds of crimes are rising in the city. While theft is on top of the chart, crimes relating to land matters and domestic violence are also adding to the graph.\"Meanwhile, locals blamed the failure of police to check crimes in the district. AJYCP Jorhat district President Siva Kalita said: \"Failure of the district police force to control criminals is behind this trend. Moreover, some corrupt police officers are making it easy for criminals to carry on with their activities. The police have failed to take responsibility for the lives and property of the people.\"KISS Jorhat district adviser Dibyajyoti Sharma agreed: \"Top officers lack the aptitude to make the district a difficult place for criminals. They regularly fail to handle serious matters with and that only encourages miscreants. Moreover, political hooliganism is making inroads into Jorhat but the shortsighted police are only looking after their own interests and political mileage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12829547", "title": "Prime university land doled out to kin of Indian Union Muslim League brass", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Three trusts and associations, which have obtained Calicut University land worth crores of rupees to develop projects without shelling out a single rupee, are directly connected to the Muslim League's top leadership.Badminton Development Trust, a paper organisation, has been granted three acres of land to establish badminton courts and allied facilities of international standards. This trust is headed by Dr K Kunhali, father-in-law of state industries minister P K Kunhalikutty's daughter.Another beneficiary is Grace Educational Association headed by Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) supremo Panakkad Syed Hyderali Shihab Thangal himself. The association has been granted 10 acres for establishing C H Mohammed Koya Institute of Education and Research for Developing Societies at a cost of Rs 30 crore.The third beneficiary of the land bounty is Kerala Olympics Association, the secretary of which is P A Hamza, brother- in- law of state minister of panchayats and social welfare Dr M K Muneer. The association is pushing a project to set up a green sports complex in the university as part of a tripartite agreement with the university and the state government in 30 acres of land.All three land deals were made between March 9 and 31 this year. The decision was taken by the syndicate without inviting expression of interest from eligible organisations for the projects, and without proper study of the land requirement for the university in the future.\"The university has not undertaken a proper study on the background, affiliations and activities of the trusts and associations in question. Moreover the conditions laid down by the university for transferring considerable acres of university land to outside agencies are vague and irregular and will attract protest from general public,\" said syndicate member R S Panikkar, who recorded his note of dissent in the syndicate meeting.Congress-affiliated syndicate members have written to vice chancellor Dr M Abdul Salam to keep the decisions in abeyance. They have vowed to go to any length to block what they allege are illegal land transactions.The university maintains that permission to establish projects in the land will be subject to land use policy of the university and that the ownership of land will remain with the university. Sources, however, said that the university has not so far enacted a definite land policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12830895", "title": "Is your car colour safe?", "text": "CHENNAI: Statistics can throw up a lot of surprises. Consider this: An Australian study that looked at data from 1987 to 2004 has shown that black cars are 12% more likely to be involved in accidents than white cars.Research has shown that the link between vehicle colour and safety - brighter, more visible colours are safer - can be used to make roads safer. However, the state has failed to implement a project it adopted three years ago, in which accident statistics including vehicle colour along with 200 other details were supposed to be collected from all fatal road mishaps.The GIS-based Road Accident Data Management System (RADMS) introduced in 2009 was supposed to be handled by the State Traffic Planning Cell (STPC).RADMS conceptualised elaborate collaboration between the departments of state transport, police and highways. It was introduced to study the cause of accidents, identify problem areas and find patterns that could help reduce the chances of similar accidents occurring in the future.\"Officials from the three departments have to go to the accident spot and collect a number of details,\" said an STPC official. \"Tamil Nadu was the first state to introduce such a comprehensive system. However, we have not been able to collect the data properly because of a shortage of staff.\"Once collected, reports from across the state were to be sent to a central server in the DGP's office on Kamraj Salai in Chennai. But the server too has been hit by several glitches.\"For two months from January, the internet connection was disrupted. The internet service provider said ants had eaten into the cables,\" the official said. In the districts, he said, eight-hour power cuts have hindered the transmission of data.RADMS would have allowed the authorities to correct problem areas and evolve safer road practices. \"Sometimes, the police file FIRs too quickly. Heavy vehicles are generally assumed to be the culprits in any accident. RADMS can give us a more scientific approach,\" another STPC official said.According to the automobile industry, customers in the country are mostly unaware of the link between vehicle colour and safety.\"Studies have shown that white cars are the safest, but because commercial and government cars are usually white, people usually do not want to buy white vehicles,\" a Maruti official said.Black is the most dangerous colour and silver comes a close second, with a 11% higher risk than white cars. Silver is also among the most preferred colours among car buyers in India. \"Shades of grey and silver are the most popular because they look luxurious,\" the Maruti Suzuki official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12835277", "title": "Next project a dance film: Prashanth", "text": "The actor is back to the silver screen after a four-year hiatus, and it looks like he has a pretty busy year ahead.\"Jeans\" star Prashanth seems to have quite a few projects lined up this year, after having a not too successful 2012.\"I have got three projects lined up this year, with my next film expected to release next month, and this film will be totally on dance,\" he says, not divulging any other details.Denying that Ponnar Shankar was his comeback vehicle, the actor cites delays in the completion of the project for the absence.\"I was never out of films to make a comeback, and Ponnar Shankar was one of the projects that took four years to complete. Apart from that there were many projects that got abandoned mid-way, and those were tough times, but I was never really away from films,\" the actor explains.In the city to grant wishes to children suffering from terminal illnesses at the Grant-A-Wish corner at Brookefields Mall in R S Puram on Saturday, the actor said he felt privileged to be able to contribute in his own little way, and bring smiles to the faces of these children.Prashanth also had words of praise for Udhayanidhi Stalin, who made his acting debut in the romantic comedy film Oru Kal Oru Kannadi.\"Oru Kal Oru Kannadi was a thoroughly enjoyable film, and Uday has put his best foot forward to deliver an impressive performance on debut,\" the actor says, impressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12829210", "title": "New panel to supervise Moshi expo centre work", "text": "PUNE: Development of the proposed industrial exhibition and convention centre at Moshi near Pimpri-Chinchwad will be completed under the supervision of a government-appointed advisory committee, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said on Friday. Making a statement in the state assembly, Chavan also said that the special purpose vehicle, set up for completion of the project, has been scrapped.The proposal for the industrial exhibition and convention centre within the limits of the Pimpri-Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA), had come up for discussion in the assembly on April 10 and Chavan promised that he will make a statement before the end of the assembly session.In his statement on Friday, Chavan said a special purpose vehicle, Pune International Exhibition and Convention Centre, Moshi, has been formed for completion of the project. However, the authority for development of the land is the PCNTDA. For declaring the company as the authority for developing the land, the process of modification under section 37 of the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning (MRTP) rules will have to be initiated. Chavan said that as this process would take time, and also because the government wants to complete the project as early as possible, it was decided to scrap the company.The project will instead be completed under the supervision of a government-appointed advisory committee, the chief minister said. The government has also decided that the expenditure of Rs 100 crore for the first phase of the project will be incurred from the funds of the PCNTDA.The industrial exhibition and convention centre is to be developed on a 240-acre plot in sector 5 and 8 in Moshi. In the special purpose vehicle, which has now been scrapped, the PCNTDA had a share of 94%. In the first phase, an expenditure of about Rs 400 crore has been estimated for the project. Last year, former divisional commissioner Dilip Band had said that a metro rail project between Moshi and Chakan has also been proposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12829409", "title": "India 7th nation with ICBM technology", "text": "How is a missile different from a bomb?A missile is simply a highly sophisticated bomb. Once dropped, a bomb is completely governed by the laws of ballistics, meaning the only force that acts upon it after its release is the force of gravity. It can be made more accurate and fast by attaching a propulsion system to it. A bomb with a propulsion system is called a rocket. A rocket can be made further destructive if it can be guided and controlled and then it becomes a missile. Missiles are classified in many ways. Based on the target they can be classified as surface to surface missiles (SSM), air to surface missiles etc. Based on their working principle they can be categorized as ballistic and cruise missiles and based on their purpose as strategic and tactical missiles.What is the difference between ballistic and cruise missiles?A ballistic missile is used to hit a predetermined target. It is launched in such a way that it burns most of its fuel to attain the desired velocity in the first phase, which is also called the boost phase. The missile can only be guided during the powered phase of flight. Although it's easy to detect a ballistic missile, it's almost impossible to intercept it. Unlike a ballistic missile, a cruise missile is a small pilotless aircraft that carries an explosive warhead. These missiles have wings and engines, but are built in a more economic way. A cruise missile is steered by an inertial navigation system (INS), which is also used by airplanes. A cruise missile can be made so accurate that it can be aimed at any specific place like a door or window of a building. India's Agni and Prithvi are ballistic missile systems, while BrahMos is a cruise missile system.What are strategic and tactical missiles?Ballistic missiles are categorised according to their range, which is the maximum distance measured along the surface of the earth from the point of launch of a ballistic missile to the point of impact of the last element of its payload. In the US, they are divided into four classes: Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles or ICBM (over 5,500 km), Intermediate-Range Ballistic Missile or IRBM (3,000 to 5,500 km), Medium-Range Ballistic Missile or MRBM (1,000 to 3,000 km) and Short-Range Ballistic Missile or SRBM (up to 1,000 km). The Russian system, on the other hand, classifies them as strategic (over 1,000 km), Operational-Strategic (500-1,000 km), Operational (300-500 km), Operational-Tactical (50-300 km) and Tactical (up to 50 km). Till now, the US, Russia, China, UK, France and Israel were the only countries with ICBM technology. Although Agni-V is a little short of the American definition, with its successful launch India has joined this elite club.Can a missile be intercepted?Yes. Any mechanism which can detect and then destroy a missile before it can cause any harm is called a missile defence system (MDS). Most MDS are primarily aimed at averting nuclear attacks and hence are targeted at ballistic missiles, since no country other than the US and Russia has so far succeeded in developing nuclear capable cruise missiles. Technically a ballistic missile can be intercepted in any of its three stages of flight -- boost phase, mid course and terminal phase. Experts however question the precision of the system. All the experiments to develop and test MDS were scripted so far and nobody knows about their credibility in an actual war situation. Knowing the speed of these missiles, it's more difficult than hitting one bullet with another. Defending against an attack by a cruise missile on the other hand is similar to tackling low-flying manned aircraft and hence most methods of aircraft defence can be used for a cruise missile defence system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12829642", "title": "DRDO plans to build reusable missiles", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the successful launch of Agni V Inter-Continental Ballistic Missile, India is all set to develop reusable rockets which will combine the technologies of both ballistic and cruise missiles.As part of plans to develop reusable ballistic missiles, the Defence Research and Development Organization (DRDO) will test indigenously developed scram jet engine next year, DRDO chief V K Saraswat said in a TV interview.\"We have propulsion technology, re-entry technologies, we have the technology which can take a re-entry system which will deliver a payload and have yet another re-entry system which will bring the missile back when it re-enters the atmosphere on its return journey,\" he said.\"We have demonstrated the performance of a scram jet engine operating at Mach six speed (six times the speed of sound),\" he said. On the range of Agni V missile, which was successfully test-fired off the Odisha coast, the DRDO chief said, with moderate modifications, \"it can be extended to any range which is of our interest\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12830293", "title": "School of rock hits classical city", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The mention of Bhubaneswar conjures up images of classical and folk dances and music. But a few young music enthusiasts have dared to tread the unbeaten path of rock music in the city. Students of three schools in the city have taken to the Western music form as fish takes to water and are enjoying it.Their affair with rock music started almost three years ago when students of KIIT International School and Sai International School came up with their own rock bands , 'Connective Soulz' and 'Frequency' respectively. These were followed by a DPS Kalinga outfit 'Impulse 1.3.1.1' and 'Alienated Heartz' another band by KIIT International School students.\"The music scenario in the city has changed in the last 15 years with music channels airing Western music. A few live shows also contributed towards this change,\" says Eugene Ambrose, guitar teacher at KIIT International School.And young students seem to be making the most of this change. \"I and my friends put together the band after we watched a rock show in Cuttack in 2010. It is a hobby that keeps us happy,\" says Class XI student of DPS Kalinga Kartik Parmar, who is a keyboard player with 'Impulse 1.3.1.1'. Vishal Aditya Sahoo, keyboard player of 'Frequency' agrees. \"Music is a big stress buster. We get a breather while doing the covers. It also helps us to concentrate on our studies better,\" says Vishal, whose brother Vikram is the drummer of the six-member band.What started as a hobby has in fact become an all consuming passion with the students, who not only crave perfection with regular and diligent practice sessions but take a hands-on approach right from creating band logos, designing band merchandise like T-shirts, etc., to getting sponsors for shows and promoting their music in various avenues.\"We bought an amplifier and microphone from our savings. I also got a sponsor for one of our live shows,\" says Kartik, whose one-year-old band 'Impulse 1.3.1.1' has performed four times in rock shows outside the school campus and won prizes too.Much thought goes behind naming the bands too. \"The boys named our band 'Frequency' because this word is very closely associated with music,\" says Himansu Serkhar Swain, music teacher of Sai International School. The numbers tagged on to 'Impulse 1.3.1.1' denote the members and their roles. \"We have a vocalist, three string instrument players, a drummer and a keyboard player. So the number 1.3.1.1,\" says Tilak Raj Mohanty, drummer of the band.Jam sessions to hone their skills are a serious affair. The students mostly get together during music classes or during holidays and weekends. \"We love to jam together because we like meeting up and preparing for competitions,\" says Karan. They also practice at school or outside. \"Our teacher trains us. Our band members regularly listen to songs on Ipods and cellphones to keep abreast of popular tunes. We also refer to video tutorials available on YouTube ,\" says Sabyasachi Prusty, lead guitarist of 'Alienated Heartz'.Unlike Sabyasachi, however, Karan Pandey, violinist of 'Frequency', is formally trained in the instrument. \"My training in Hindustani classical music made it easier for me to take to rock,\" says Karan, who has also appeared for exams in Indian classical music. Similarly, Shweta Mohapatra of 'Alienated Heartz' has trained in Odissi vocal and learnt to play the violin too.And the classical, Western divide is merged when the spirit of music takes over. \"Music is about bonding and when the students work on their skills and band together, they are very connected. This bond will last them a lifetime,\" says Ambrose.It is perhaps the strength drawn from this cohesive connection that has propelled members of 'Impulse 1.3.1.1' to strive to take their music out of the confines of their schools to the whole wide world. The six-member outfit is currently working on its debut music album, to feature four songs in English and one in Hindi. \"We have planned it so because for entry into any competition we need one song in English, one in Hindi and one original composition,\" says Kartik, adding two songs are ready by now. \"Once we are through with the lyrics and compositions of all songs we will ask our music teacher, Wendel Redden, to help us with the recording. He is part of 'The Abyss', a rock band, that has a studio in Patia,\" says Kartik.It's all good but one wonders how do the rockers cope with the pressure of studies at the same time. \"Music is their passion and passion is never pressurizing. It serves as an outburst of their feelings,\" says Redden, music teacher of DPS Kalinga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12829505", "title": "Traders file plaint against 'one-sided' police action", "text": "BHOPAL: The shop owners have objected to an alleged one-sided action from the police in the firing incident that took place in MP Nagar Zone 1 on Saturday.The accused, Sanjay Soni, who runs a shop in the Dynamic Centre building in Zone I of MP Nagar, allegedly fired two bullets at businessman Amit Pande, the husband of a senior IAS officer.The shop owners have filed a complaint with the police wherein they alleged the police took action only against Soni.The two are said to be locked in a property dispute and the latter had gone to settle the same issue when Soni allegedly opened the fire. The police had booked Soni under sections of attempt to murder and Arms Act.The shop owners have filed a complaint with the police wherein they alleged the police took action only against Soni.\"It has been alleged that Pande and a few others had also scuffled with accused. The matter is still under investigation and statements of both sides, besides other shop owners, would be recorded again if required,\" said investigating officer Santosh Pathak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12830401", "title": "Arkavathy work stopped again", "text": "BANGALORE: Hurdles never stop coming in the way of Arkavathy Layout formation. BDA's work on the ambitious layout that had begun with fanfare on April 18 has been stopped. Arkavathy Layout Site Allotees Association members told TOI on Sunday that they came to know that work had stopped after farmers who have lost their land to the project and were promised sites in the first phase itself, demanded that the BDA keep its promise.\"They want sites to be registered in their names immediately. BDA officials told us it might take one month's time to register the sites. But why should the BDA stop work?\" wondered Sanjay Marlecha, secretary of the allotees association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830617", "title": "Liquor shop broken into, 12.5 lakh stolen", "text": "MUMBAI: A liquor shop near Guru Teghbahadur Nagar (GTB) railway station was burgled late on Saturday, when unidentified accused broke into Raj Wines and made away with Rs 12.5 lakh in cash. The burglar reportedly entered the shop by removing the exhaust fan.The owner, Gautam Rokde, discovered the burglary around 10.30am on Sunday when he opened the shop. \"The burglar broke the bricks around the grill of the exhaust fan hollow and then kicked in the fan. He also made a hole, measuring around 1 ft, in the wall. He disconnected the closed-circuit cameras and poured liquor over the CCTV servers to destroy the footage,\" said a police officer. The police are trying to go through the hard disk of the CCTV so that they can identify the burglar.Rokde told the police that he had kept the cash in the store as banks were closed on Sunday; he planned to deposit it in his account on Monday. The cash was in the store on Saturday as it was weekend and banks were shut the next day.Involvement of an insider has not been ruled out, police said.The burglar did not steal any expensive liquor and only made off with cash from the store.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12829026", "title": "Now, toll free helpline in district hospitals", "text": "KANPUR: The patients coming to the district hospitals will now be able to communicate their complaints regarding irregularity in treatment directly to the state heath authorities. For this, the patients have to simply call on a toll free number --18001805145 --to register their complaints.The state health department has introduced a government toll free number in all the district hospitals in the state to improve accessibility of medical care facilities to the poor and the illiterate people. This helpline number is the same for every district hospital in all the cities of UP. All the district hospitals have been asked to paste this toll free number in each ward and the OPD soon so that the patients can make use of it.The patients can not only register their complaints regarding treatment irregularities but also inform about ill-equipped OPDs or testing labs of the district hospitals. Complaints regarding misbehavior of hospital staff and demand for money in lieu of treatment can also be registered via this toll free number.If sources are to be believed, this initiative has been taken after several cases of medical irregularities in the city in the past few months. \"A special helpdesk supervisor will be made to sit in the control room of the heath care toll free headquarters, which is situated in Lucknow. After receiving a complaint, the supervisor will inform the concerned chief medical officer (CMO) or chief medical superintendent (CSM) of the hospital to sort out the problem of the patient,\" informed Dr AK Nigam, chief medical superintendent of Ursula Horsman Hospital (UHM).He added the initiative would reduce illegal medical practices in the district hospital and also be helpful in enhancing the treatment quality as transparency level would increase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "12828872", "title": "Unite against Assam Rifles: NSCN-IM to Nagas", "text": "DIMAPUR: Alleging that it was a \"pre-planned move by the Assam Rifles\" to restrict the movement of its cadres across the state, the NSCN (IM) on Saturday called upon the Naga civil societies to unite against the Assam Rifles (AR). The meeting was attended by Naga Hoho, Naga Students Federation, Naga Women Hoho Dimapur, Naga People's Movement for Human Rights, Naga Council Dimapur and Senior Citizens Forum.\"It is time the Nagas to put up a fight against the Assam Rifles,\" a top NSCN (IM) official told the Naga civil societies at a meeting held at Hebron Camp Saturday evening.The NSCN (IM) leader maintained that it would not bow down to the pressures of the AR and said that the 5 AR jawans were not abducted by them, on April 19. On the issue of weapon confiscation, he said, NSCN (IM) would return the weapons in exchange of the arms seized by AR. Stating that NSCN has never refused to hand back the weapons, the leader said that there should be a \"reasonable negotiation\".Senior kilonser (minister) of the outfit alleged that the violation of the ceasefire ground rules was a 'pre-planned' move by the Assam Rifles, who also took full advantage of the situation to restrict the movement of NSCN (IM) cadres.Alleging that the present tussle between the NSCN (IM) and the Assam Rifles was the brainwork of Shambu Singh, who is currently serving as joint secretary (Northeast), ministry of home affairs, another kilonser of the outfit said that in order to fulfill his ambitions of becoming the chief secretary of Manipur, Shambu Singh is feeding the home ministry with fallacious information.\"For Shambu Singh, ceasefire and a solution to sort the current political fiasco in the state hold no importance. He only aims to be the chief secretary of Manipur,\" he added.NSCN (IM) also expressed doubts over the credibility of CFMG chairman Major Gen (rtd) N George. Naga Hoho members, who met George in the morning prior to his departure for Hebron, said the chairman assured to return the weapons confiscated by AR from I-Card holders of NSCN (IM) if the latter promises to do the same.Naga Students' Federation, while insisting that it would not tolerate the misdeeds of the AR, told the NSCM (IM) leaders that the organization supports the outfit's decision of not returning the confiscated weapons. The three-and-half hour meeting, however, did not contemplate on the future course of action and decided to meet again in a day or two.Earlier in the morning, around 50 women from Kamdi village walked 3 km to Doyapur to confirm reports of AR frisking the villagers, including children and women. They alleged that villagers carrying farm products were harassed by the AR troops and some carrying more than Rs 5000 were also detained by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830724", "title": "3 months on, 13/7 DNA samples lie untested", "text": "MUMBAI: The anti-terrorism squad (ATS), which is probing the 13/7 serial blasts, had painstakingly collected some vital evidence from a flat in Habib Apartment in Byculla (W), where two suspected Pakistani bombers had stayed before and after the explosions. But three months after they sent the toothbrushes, towels, computer discs, hair and some clothes for DNA tests to the Kalina forensic science laboratory (FSL), the samples are still lying untested.\"We sent all the samples to the forensic science laboratory in January but have not received the report. This report is important as it is admissible evidence in the court. We want to get it at the earliest to attach it with the charge sheet in the blast case,\" said an ATS officer.Police sources said that the two suspected Pakistani bombers, Waqqas and Tabrez, had stayed in the flat between Janaury and November, 2011. \"They fled but left some clothes in the flat. The DNA profiling will indicate exactly how many people came and stayed in the room,\" said a police officer. The flat was allegedly arranged by an Indian citizen, Naqi Ahmed.The Kalina FSL had a staff of around 350 personnel till February this year when the contract of 150 employees expired. \"We are waiting for new recruitment,\" said DMK Malve, joint director of FSL.Sources in the FSL said that work was delayed due to the manpower shortage. The Kalina and Nagpur FSLs receive around 800 to 1,000 cases to test DNA samples every year. \"This year, we have received 338 cases to test DNA samples but only 200 could be completed due to shortage of manpower. The staff for DNA testing is also involved in other work and hence it's delayed,\" said a source.Forensic experts require hair, blood, semen, tissues, bones , saliva , clothes, brush, or some thumb impression to conduct the test. DNA profiling, say forensic experts, is a foolproof technique to prove the involvement of a person in a case. When asked about the recruitment of more employees in the FSL, Amitov Rajan, additional chief secretary (home), said, \"I don't have the figures right now. I will tell you later.\"It is not just the delay in the 13/7 case samples, even those sent for testing in the Nehru Nagar rape and murder of three girls in 2010 are yet to be completed. The Nehru Nagar cops had taken blood samples of 654 people for DNA test. So far, only 435 samples have been tested. In the same case, the crime branch took blood samples of around 750 people, of which 700 tests were done. Last December, the Cuffe Parade police took blood samples of around 700 people. But the lab has completed DNA test for only 300 people so far. This has hampered probe in these all cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12829374", "title": "English plays find favour with Pune's theatre lovers", "text": "PUNE: Pune is fast becoming a cherished stop for English language plays. Every month a couple or more English language plays are staged in the city by local as well as a travelling troupes.On April 25, the much-travelled 'Boy With a Suitcase' will be staged in the city. Says Anumeha Sharan, \"I'm eagerly looking forward to it. I've heard so much about the play.\"IT professional and amateur theatre enthusiast Harsha Ukhande, who incidentally also conducts theatre workshops and training sessions in different colleges, says, \"English language theatre is evolving in the city mainly because of three reasons - good venues, use of local actors and proper advertising.\"\"Venue is very important when staging a play. You will notice that whenever an English language play is staged, it is done so at one of the cosmopolitan-type venues, like Amanora, Tilak Smarak, Nehru Memorial, Ishanya or Alpabachat Bhavan. These venues add to the overall enjoyment. The audience for such plays is cosmopolitan too, very different from what you will see at a Marathi play, or even Hindi,\" he adds.Ukhande goes on, \"Use of local actors is also a very smart move, as it spells a certain affinity. People like to see a local face make a splash in the outside world. Also, advertising plays a key role. One has to know exactly where to advertise to tap into the kind of audience one wants.\"Theatre enthusiast Alok Sengar says, \"The kind of audience that watches an English language play is very different from one watching a Marathi or a Hindi play. It is mostly the elite who come to watch plays of someone like Vinay Pathak, Shernaz Patel or Rajit Kapur. Not everyone would be interested in a play like 'Love Letters'. But for the well-travelled, and Pune is fast becoming a city of globe-trotters, such a play is very attractive.\"Most theatre-goers agree that venue is a key factor when deciding on watching a play. Says retired academician Muneera Sahay, \"My husband and I love to watch plays. We are partial to a few venues, which I believe adds to the experience.\"Abhijeet Chaudhary of Swatantra Theatre feels, \"English language plays are subtle and that appeals to the sensibilities. They are not melodramatic like regional plays. The sophistication adds to the charm.\"\"The youth today is mostly inetersted in English language plays. Most of these plays are adapted works or literature and fiction. The youth reads these novels or has studied the plays in schools and colleges. This attracts them to the stage adaptation,\" he says.Ukhande says, \"Some time back a group from Gujarat staged Chetan Bhagat's 'Five Point Someone'. Most had either read the book or at least watched '3 Idiots'. Hence, they were interested in watching the stage adaptation.\"\"Also, the celeb factor is very important. Most English language plays have celebs. When you are already familiar with a person's work, you would want to see more,\" says Chaudhary. Ukhande adds that when people like Rajat Kapoor, Ramu Ranganathan or Lillette Dubey tour the city, they bring with them a certain kind of audience.Sengar says, \"Many theatre groups in Pune, too, are staging English language plays. They are realising if they want to reach the youth today - which is the future - they would have to stage plays in English.\"Ukhande adds, \"When I conduct workshops in colleges, I realize that the youth is interested in theatre. But, yes, their initial interest lies in English plays. These plays are becoming bigger everyday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "12830052", "title": "Tirupati abuzz as bypoll nears", "text": "TIRUPATI: Ever since Chiranjeevi vacated the Tirupati assembly seat to become a Rajya Sabha member, the temple town is witnessing a flurry of political activity. While TDP has decided to field senior leader Chadalavada Krishnamurthy as its candidate for the high-profile by-election, former TTD chairman Bhumana Karunakar Reddy is all set to enter the fray on behalf of YSR Congress. It is only Congress which is lagging behind in the race to announce a candidate.If sources are to be believed, Congress could field former MLA M Venkata Ramana. Though mines minister Galla Aruna Kumari left no stone unturned to get the ticket for her industrialist-son Galla Jayadev, the Congress leadership might go with a candidate chosen by Chiranjeevi, sources said. Chiranjeevi had recommended the name of Ramana and an official announcement in this regard is expected in a day or two. Rumours were rife that one of the family members of Chiranjeevi could enter the fray but the star politician himself denied any such move.Insiders in Chiranjeevi camp said the MP-elect was persuaded by his former PRP leaders that he should take the lead in suggesting a candidate from the majority Balija community, with whose support he had won the 2009 election. Ramana is a Balija and has a sizeable following among the community. \"Chiranjeevi was convinced that he cannot afford to fritter away the advantage and lose the seat permanently. Hence, he opted for Ramana to get the Balija votes,\" an insider said.Sources said TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu is also eyeing the majority Balija vote in the constituency and hence, plumped for Krishnamurthy, who also hails from the Balija community. Krishnamurthy once represented the Tirupati seat and the Kamma lobby has reportedly asked Naidu to bring the seat back to its fold. \"The seat went to PRP and not to Congress. Since there is no PRP now, TDP will go all-out to bag the coveted seat,\" a senior party functionary said.The constituency has about 40,000 Balija votes, 36,000 Reddys, 22,000 Yadavas and another 18,000 from Kamma community. \"If Balija candidates are in the fray from both the TDP and Congress, it would lead to a division in the community votebank which should be advantageous to us,\" a local leader of YSR Congress Party observed.Karunakar Reddy, who lost the election to Chiranjeevi with a margin of 10,000 votes last time, is fancying his chances this time around. He is already touring the constituency and vigorously campaigning against Chiranjeevi for neglecting the constituency on all fronts. \"The water crisis in the temple town is grave. But Chiranjeevi was camping all the time in Hyderabad,\" he said during a recent public meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12830915", "title": "Information and broadcasting ministry stops 'The Dirty Picture' screening", "text": "NAGPUR: Two days after Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court asked the Union information and broadcasting (I&B;) ministry to take a call on telecast of \" The Dirty Picture \", the latter barred its telecast scheduled for Sunday. A ticker tape announcement on the channel just before 12 noon informed viewers that the movie could not be telecast due to \"unavoidable circumstances\".Sources informed that the ministry had intimated to Sony channel on Saturday asking it to slot the Vidya Balan starrer late in the night. It stated that since the film was awarded 'U/A' certificate, it was not suitable to be telecast during the day and evening hours. Even Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) was in favour of telecasting the 'U/A' certified movie only after 11pm when children supposedly go to sleep. The channel had reportedly received complaints from parents about the film containing bold scenes and double meaning dialogues, sources claimed.On Friday, a division bench of justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Ashok Bhangale directed the ministry to take a decision on suitability of screening after Sony channel informed it had cut as many as 56 scenes from the popular movie that fetched national award for Balan who played actress Silk Smitha in the movie.Pravin Dahat, who filed the PIL in this regard, said the government finally realized that the movie was not suitable for viewing with the family. \"It's a good decision and our efforts have borne fruit. The decision would benefit all and credit must go to the judiciary,\" he said. His lawyers M Anil Kumar and Nirbhay Chawhan stated that they were expecting such a decision from the union government owing to severe opposition from parents. \"The decision will save parents the embarrassment of watching the movie with children. The bar and bench deserves credit along with the union ministry,\" he said.The counsels reiterated their earlier contention that even routine content on the small screen was not suitable for viewing with family nowadays. \"If the movie was allowed to be screened at normal viewing hours, it would set a wrong trend,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12829939", "title": "Ambitious plans ahead", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With the third phase completed in the next two and half years, BRTS in Ahmedabad will span 129-kilometre in the city - the largest BRTS network in the country. Tenders pertaining to three of the nine stretches planned for the third phase are being brought out shortly. The BRTS project once completed in the next three years will provide a major impetus to upcoming projects like GIFT city, industrial hubs like Sanand and the Delhi-Mumbai industrial corridor (DMIC) stretch.The first part of the third phase will include stretches of Sola-Science city, Juhapura APMC-Shivaranjini, Jashodanagar-Hathijan and government litho press-Prem darwaza. The other stretches include routes from Narol to Aslali ring road, Khokhara-New Cloth Market, Khokhra-Rakhial- Dafnala-Acher, New C G Road- Visat Junction-Vishwakarma college and Akhbarnagar-Gota. The 37-km stretch of BRTS proposed for the third phase will also see Thaltej connected to the BRTS network at Helmet crossroads. There are at least four other stretches proposed for the BRTS that will connect the S P ring road. \"These stretches are under discussion stage and their feasibility are being checked,\" says a senior official of the Ahmedabad Janmarg Limited (AJL). As much as Rs 150 crore has been allotted in current year budget for the BRTS.The BRTS network will connect major institutional, educational, public transport hubs and industrial areas in the city. \"Apart from these major residential and commercial areas will also be part of the BRTs network,\" adds the AJL official.\"The 129 km stretch will cover essential part of city and will help commuters travel from their homes to surrounding growth centres. GIFT, Sanand and DMIC are emerging growth centres for Ahmedabad city,\" adds the AJL official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12830091", "title": "\u2018Short-circuits main cause of fire\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nearly 45% fire accidents in the city occurred due to short-circuits and other electrical problems, while the second major cause was lighted cigarette butts. Also, frequent accidents have been reported in kitchens, according to an analysis of fire accidents in the city last year. The Disaster Response and Fire Services department analysed a data of fire accidents in the city and came up with these revelations.In the last one year, 1,271 fire accidents were reported in Hyderabad. Of them, 284 fire accidents were reported in households and another 230 incidents at shopping complexes and offices. Since many commercial complexes and malls have converted their cellars into godowns, 208 fire mishaps occurred in refuse and outdoor storage units and 40 fire accidents in storage rooms. Sixty-four fire accidents were reported in industrial units and factories in the last one year. Incidentally, 86 fire incidents took place on roads.In most of these fire accidents, short-circuits were found to be the cause. Of the 1,271 accidents, 565 were due to electrical snags and 392 because of careless smoking. Fire officials feel both residents and managements have failed to give priority to quality electric installations.\"People generally buy quality material for other purposes and compromise on electric equipment for buildings. Most builders and property owners purchase cheap and sub-standard equipment, resulting in fire accidents,\" Disaster Response and Fire Services department additional director Jayaram Naik said.Another 120 fire accidents originated from the kitchen due to gas, coal furnace, spontaneous combustion and chimneys, among others. Four cases were due to chemical reaction, 64 pertained to mechanical heat or spark and another 11 major fire incidents occurred in hospitals.Top priority is being given to fire installations at public places such as hospitals and shopping complexes. \"Apart from insisting on fire safety installations at buildings, hospitals and commercial complexes, the department is spreading awareness among people to have minimum fire safety in their houses. Fire alarms, smoke detectors and fire extinguishers should be there at residences,\" Jairam Naik added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12834088", "title": "Priyadarshan wants Mallika out", "text": "We told you how producer Ratan Jain got his favourite Mallika Sherawat to gyrate to the item number in Tezz despite director Priyadarshan's batting for Sameera Reddy as the 'it' girl. While Sameera is miffed at being sidelined, Priyan too is angry the song was shot and incorporated by Jain sans his permission or presence.Never mind the film is just five days' away from release, Priyan has called for a meeting with Jain on Monday to weed out what he perceives as an unnecessary inclusion in the film.Voicing his views, Priyan told Mirror, \"Tezz is my fifth film with Ratan Jain. I've never had this kind of an experience with him before. It isn't as if I'm against item songs. I've had them before in my films. And I've nothing against Mallika Sherawat. It's just that this item number doesn't fit into Tezz. It has been shot without me, my cinematographer or any member of the Tezz crew. Jain took choreographer Ganesh Acharya into confidence and shot the song. It sticks out like a sore thumb. I'd be embarrassed to have this number in my film. The film has no scope for an item song.\"He said he has more or less gotten Jain to see his point of view, confidently adding, \"We've a meeting on Monday where a final call will be taken.\"Jain meanwhile said, \"I respect Priyadarshan's point of view. But I can't see what the fuss is about. It's just two-and-a-half minutes at the beginning of the film. Why is he so against it? As a technician, he understands the item song is shot differently from the rest of the film. But the audiences don't care about these things. To them, it's just an item song, to be enjoyed and quickly forgotten. I'm a producer and a businessman. I understand what sells.\"So will Jain keep the item number intact? He chooses not to answer, saying, \"Why is everyone so interested in just the item song in Tezz? There's so much more to the film.\" A friend of Priyan said, \"Why is Jain so interested in keeping the item song when it doesn't fit in? He can use it in another film,\" quickly adding, \"Mallika will just have to find another film to dance in.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12829484", "title": "Clouds avert rise in day temperature", "text": "BHOPAL: The clouds over the state prevented a rise in day temperature and harsher weather conditions on Sunday. Meteorological department officials said a trough over eastern Madhya Pradesh led to the existing conditions.Though the possibility of further rise in maximum temperature appears bleak for the next two days, the minimum temperature is expected to rise further from the normal mark, Met officials added.A few places in the state, including Bhopal, Jabalpur and Rewa divisions also witnessed mild showers in the past 24 hours. Meanwhile, with the maximum temperature at 39 degrees Celsius, Sidhi and Khandwa remained the hottest in the state.The maximum and minimum in Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 38.7 degrees and 21.5 degrees.Weathermen said Bhopal recorded a maximum of 38.3 (-1) degrees against a minimum of 23.6 (+1). The maximum in Indore stood at 38.0 (00) degrees against 23.5 (+2) as the minimum temperature.Gwalior recorded a maximum of 38.2 (-2) degrees while the minimum there stood at 21.5 (-2). Further, 38.7 (00) was the maximum temperature in Jabalpur and the minimum temperature was 22.7 (+1) degrees Celsius.Similar weather conditions are expected in next 24 hours. The temperature is expected to rise after the moisture reduces from air.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12829763", "title": "Cops fail to take action against liquor mafias", "text": "JAIPUR: Conducting investigation into liquor smuggling cases in the state seems to be on the low-priority list of the police and excise department.With Rajasthan emerging as a major transit route for the illicit liquor trade, the police have failed to nab liquor mafias. In most cases, only the carriers are arrested, who too are released on bail after a few weeks. No action has been initiated against any liquor mafia in the past. These mafias operate from nearby states including Punjab, Haryana and Delhi, police sources said.Despite the state government's claims to check trade from Haryana by upping the vigil in border areas, the number of cases of smuggling Haryana-made liquor into the state has gone up. The considerable difference between the price of liquor in Rajasthan and Haryana is the main reason behind this.In Jaipur, three major arterial roads - Delhi Road, Tonk Road and Sikar Road- are extensively used for smugglers to enter and exit the city.Sources said the huge cache of foreign liquor seized at regular intervals in the state are just a tip of the iceberg and the menace still remains unchecked to a great extent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12830350", "title": "20-yr-old girl dies in mishap at Ravanfond", "text": "MARGAO: In a tragic incident, a 20-year-old girl from Ravanfond, died after she was hit by a car in an accident that occurred on Sunday afternoon, near the military camp at Ravanfond.Police sources informed TOI that Ameena Khan was walking towards a nearby flour mill carrying a bag of chillies for grinding, when she was hit by a speeding car from behind. She died on the spot.Police have booked an offence against the car driver, Benny D'Costa, a resident of Shantinagar-Navelim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12830670", "title": "Driver hits traffic cop", "text": "A traffic constable, Santosh Parab (39), was assaulted by an auto driver at Deonar on Saturday. The unidentified driver fled the scene.The incident took place around 4.45 pm on VN Road. The constable, , was clearing traffic when he came across a case of double parking near a petrol pump, which was leading to traffic chaos.\"To clear the traffic, Parab went towards the auto driver who had wrongly parked his vehicle and asked him to move it. The duo had an argument, following which the driver punched Parab above his eye and escaped. Cops have launched a manhunt for the auto driver andlodged a case of assaulting a government servant on duty against him,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12830271", "title": "New traffic routes for Mapusa church feast", "text": "MAPUSA: The feast of Our Lady of Miracles will be celebrated at the Mapusa church on Monday.Masses will begin from 5am and will continue at 6am, 7am, 8am, 9am in English, 10am concelebrated feast mass and 4pm and 5pm in the evening. This year, being dedicated to nature, the liturgy of the feast will also be centered around nature. A three-day fete followed by a 'tiatr' will also be held on the occasion.The stalls for the Mapusa feast will remain for nearly a month, enabling people to make their purchases of different household items before the monsoon.The Mapusa traffic police, in co-ordination with the Mapusa municipality, have made traffic arrangements to ensure that there will be no congestion. Mapusa traffic PI Shaikh Salim said TOI that there would be just two entry routes for devotees coming to the church with their vehicles.All vehicles coming down from the court road will have to turn left near Mac tailors, go straight along the Olavo Hospital, in front of the Janata high school and come out behind the church, thereafter onto the parking area.The other route to go to the church is along the old Asilo hospital. From here, one will have to turn left to reach the church. The main entry route from Alankar theatre would be closed for traffic due to the stalls on both sides of the road.The parking space beside the church, at the Ganesh Visarjan spot in Bastora, and some more land around the fields at Bastora will be used for parking, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12828957", "title": "36 injured in bus-truck collision", "text": "KANPUR: Around 36 passengers sustained injuries when a truck collided with a UPSRTC bus near Bhognipur crossing under Kotwali police circle in Ramabai Nagar district on Sunday.Condition of eight injured persons is critical. They are undergoing treatment at district hospital. Others have been admitted to a community health centre in Pukhrayan. The bus of Hamirpur depot, carrying more than 36 passengers, was on its way to Hamirpur from New Delhi when it collided head-on with a truck. An FIR has been lodged against the truck driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12831247", "title": "It's a never-ending saga for Alagiri", "text": "MADURAI: If there was one DMK leader whose cup of woes started overflowing after the AIADMK took over the reigns in Tamil Nadu , it is southern satrap of the party M K Alagiri. Alagiri, who once moved around in Madurai with an aura of invincibility, is not only facing trouble from within his own party, especially from his younger brother M K Stalin, but also from the district administration, the police and now the Madurai corporation.The civic body has erected a board in front of his family-owned Dhaya Cyber Park near Mattuthavani bus stand stating that part of the building is situated on land owned by the corporation. \"The owners of the building have encroached upon around eight cents of corporation land to raise the structure. They have to remove the encroachment and hand over the corporation land. If they fail to clear the encroachment, the civic body will do it,\" mayor V V Rajan Chellappa said.The mayor also denied that Alagiri was being targeted by the civic body. The corporation has put up similar boards as a warning to the encroachers in five places and Alagiri's family-owned building is one among them, Chellappa added. \"We will identify all the encroached lands and retrieve them,\" he said.The corporation's action is not the first against Alagiri after AIADMK took over the mantle in the state as well as the Madurai corporation. Few months back, Alagiri was forced to vacate his MP's office functioning in the civic body's south zone building for three years after the corporation council passed a resolution.While almost all his aides are facing multiple cases of land grabbing, murder and attempt to murder and got their wings clipped, Alagiri is charge-sheeted in the Melur tahsildar attack case. The case is now being heard in the judicial magistrate court at Melur.To add fuel to the fire, Madurai collector U Sagayam issued repeated summons to Alagiri in connection with charges of damaging irrigation channels and destroying cultivable lands at Sivarakottai to construct a college.His associates say that the intra-party feud with Stalin was most bogging for Alagiri rather than other issues. \"But more than everything else, Annan (Alagiri) is dejected that the party high command is not emphatic towards him despite facing so many problems,\" says one of his staunch loyalist who boycotted Stalin's visit to Madurai.Party men say that despite the repeated drubbings in elections, including the recent Sankarankoil defeat, Alagiri was as strong as ever. \"He was a bit upset only once when there were reports that his wife might be arrested in connection with a land grab case,\" says a functionary.Alagiri visited Chennai on Sunday apparently to discuss about the show-cause notices issued to his supporters. Party men hoped that he would do some tough talking wit the party high command and would bounce back as the unchallenged leader of DMK in the south.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12829367", "title": "Activists protest attempt to cut trees in Race Course", "text": "COIMBATORE: Eco-activists in the city rallied to Race Course after 12 trees including eight Asoka and a silver oak tree were found with stumps half axed, drilled and filled with acid to uproot them. The trees were on the road alongside the compound wall of a private residence on Tea Estate road in Race Course.\"It is a very cruel and callous thing to do and those responsible should be punished for targeting these trees. They have drilled holes on the stump of the trees and poured acid to kill them from inside,\" said NI Jalaluddin, president, The Nature Conservation Society.A separate complaint was filed at the RDO's office later in the day demanding action against the people responsible for trying to axe the green cover in the city. Race Course is one of the rare localities with adequate green cover. A similar incident was reported in 2011 when two trees were illegally axed in the locality and nature activists filed an FIR with Race Course police demanding action.\"It is a serious crime to cut down trees in this city that has already lost its green cover due to various reasons. We should encourage planting of more trees instead,\" said Mohammed Salim , a city based environmentalist.The owners of the private residence adjacent to the site where the trees where located refused to comment on the issue. All 12 trees were more than 10 years old claimed the eco-activists. The trees were planted on an elevated cemented platform running alongside the compound wall of the house. \"We will take the matter up with the district administration officials on Monday and ensure that the guilty are punished,\" Jalaluddin said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12831072", "title": "Stop police censorship of plays, writer appeals to high court", "text": "CHENNAI: Police censorship of drama and stage performances in the state may end soon. Tamil writer N V Sankaran alias Gnani has moved the Madras high court to quash the 'procedural practice' of submitting scripts to police for prior approval.Unlike other states, theatre groups in Tamil Nadu must submit a copy of the script to the police at least seven days prior to the performance.Describing the rule as a relic of the colonial era, Gnani urged the court to quash the provisions of the Tamil Nadu Dramatic Performances Act, 1954, which require theatre groups to submit scripts for approval to the commissioner of police in cities or district collectors in rural areas.Failing to adhere to rule could result in a maximum jail term of three months or a fine, or both. Though the Act does not demand submission of every script of a play, the commissioner's office has applied this as a blanket requirement irrespective of the play's potential to cause a breach of peace, Gnani said.Justice K Chandru, before whom the writ petition came up for hearing, asked the advocate-general of Tamil Nadu to submit his response, as the matter pertains to legislation, and posted the matter to June 6 for further hearing.The censoring is done by someone of the rank of an inspector who has no artistic or literary skills to judge a script,\" said Gnani. \"Vesting such discretion in the hands of the commissioner of police, who, with great respect, has neither artistic nor aesthetic sensibility to judge whether a play is objectionable is perilous.\"The original rule, on which the 1954 Act is based, is a relic of a pre-Constitution enactment by the British who wanted to muzzle the Independence movement, the writer said, adding that it should have no place in a sovereign democracy like India.The police are applying the 'pre-censor' power to even plays in open spaces such as parks and beach as well as street theatre, Gnani said. \"Street theatre throughout the world is known to be a spontaneous and improvised form performed without a prior script,\" he said. \"It is impossible to write a prior script for street theatre. This is similar to asking a political leader to submit a written speech before he delivers every speech.\"The censorship rule does not apply to plays and drama staged at foreign embassies or institutions such as Max Mueller Bhavan, British Council and Alliance Francaise. \"Plays performed in these venues are not required to be submitted for pre-censorship by the police,\" Gnani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhadrak", "code": "12830300", "title": "Woman's death triggers tension in Dhamra", "text": "BHADRAK: A controversy has erupted over the death of a 24-year-old woman at a guest house in Bhadrak district's Dhamra area.Police said the woman, Soubhagya Priyadarshini, was found hanging on Saturday in a room she was sharing with a man. The deceased's parents have alleged that she was raped and murdered.Police said a official of a private port company informed them about the woman's death. The woman had been staying with Ranjan Pattanaik, a senior manager of the port company, in room number 103 since April 19. She was found hanging from the ceiling fan by a scarf, police said quoting the company official.\"We have detained Ranjan after the father of the deceased lodged an FIR with us, accusing the former and some unknown culprits of having kidnapped, raped and murdered her daughter,\" said OIC (Bansagarha police station) Bijay Mullick.However, SP (Bhadrak) Chintamani Panda said police initial investigation and the autopsy report showed that Soubhagya had committed suicide by hanging. \"She was reportedly having an affair with an employee of the port company. She was willingly staying in the guest house by posing as the man's wife since Thursday. She reportedly dressed herself as a traditional married woman wearing bangles and sindoor. Since her lover is married, an estrangement in her love life is suspected to have led her to take the extreme step,\" Panda said.The woman's family, however, rejected this. \"My daughter was mentally sound and she was a gold medalist in civil engineering. Under no circumstances she could have committed suicide,\" said the deceased's father, Sisir Nayak. \"There was no love affair between Ranjan and my daughter. Ranjan and his associates kidnapped my daughter, kept her in the room at Dhamra and murdered her after raping on her. I appeal for a high-level inquiry into the incident so that my family could justice,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12829321", "title": "Gang opens fire in Bhawanipore, turf war suspected", "text": "KOLKATA: Residents of Oriyapara in Bhawanipore were woken up by sounds of gunfire on Saturday night. Locals said five miscreants on two motorcycles came to the area and suddenly opened fired in the air. Police have rounded up local criminals and are interrogating them.Those who were present in the locality that night said they heard three rounds being fired. On Saturday night residents of Oriyapara in Bhawanipore were taken aback by sounds of gunfire. According to locals five miscreants in two motorcycles came to the area. The youths suddenly opened fire in the air. Those who were in the locality said they heard three rounds fired in the air.One of the locals then dialled '100', the helpline number of Kolkata Police and said the gang of miscreants had passed through Ganja Park. However, when the police team reached the locality, the gang was nowhere to be found. Police said so far they have found no evidence of firing.According to police, there was a tussle between two groups over the supply of building materials in the locality. Police suspect the incident may be the handiwork of one of the groups in order to gain control over the locality. TNNto be the handiwork of one of the groups to control over the locality. Local criminals have been rounded up and are being interrogated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12829813", "title": "Nobody held for Friday assault", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police are yet to arrest anybody in Friday's LNJP assault case. A group of around 25 relatives of a patient assaulted a team of six doctors of Lok Nayak Jai Prakash Hospital when they unsuccessfully tried to save a teenager by providing her cardiopulmonary cerebral resuscitation (CPCR), which involves pressing down hard and rapidly on the chest and blowing air into the patient's mouth.Delhi Police said it had obtained the CCTV footage of the hospital to find out who exactly thrashed up the doctors. \"We will arrest the accused soon,\" said a senior officer.The 16-year-old girl was admitted with fever, pain and a distended abdomen. Her relatives also vandalized the emergency ward. The doctors had removed the girl's clothes to administer an injection and administer her CPCR but the relatives thought the doctors were trying to misbehave with her and killed her.The doctors had gone on strike that day, which was called off on Saturday after police mediated between the two parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12830410", "title": "Roti, yatra &amp; politics", "text": "BANGALORE: Over two dozen women on Sunday completed a massive task, preparing a truckload of North Karnataka's staple diet - kadak rotis and shenga chutney - in a quiet village in Bellary. After slogging day and night over their hearths, they managed to prepare around 1.5 lakh rotis and 25 quintals of chutney.This band of women is not out to break any records; the rotis will fuel former health minister and Bellary Rural MLA B Sriramulu's political cause. A close aide of jailed mining baron G Janardhana Reddy, independent MLA Sriramulu will launch a 51-day yatra from Bidar to Bangalore, starting Tuesday, as part of the launch of his new party, Badava Shramika Raitha (BSR) in Bangalore.As he criss-crosses 24 districts covering over 550km, Sriramulu plans to distribute rotis and chutney among poor families in the drought-affected areas. At the same time, he plans to recruit cadre and appoint office-bearers. With this, the politics over drought is set to scale a new high over the next week, even as over 3 crore people struggle to put their lives back on track in these arid regions.For the past month, ruling and opposition political leaders are locked in a bitter war of words over relief efforts. There is increasing acrimony not only on the manner and pace of relief and rehabilitation work, but also over the quantum of financial aid to be sought from the central government.''The food will be distributed to people in need and has nothing to do with politics,'' said Sriramulu, rejecting criticism that he wants to play politics over drought.Other than the truckload of rotis, Sriramulu has also readied a luxury bus worth Rs5 crore, which belongs to jailed friend Reddy, as part of his convoy, for a comfortable journey. The bus is named after Reddy's mother, Rukmini. \"Politically, he is intent on playing the backward class card and win as many supporters as he can to set himself up into a position of strength,\" said political analyst MN Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12829951", "title": "Illegal banners: Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation yet to take action on culprits", "text": "HYDERABAD: People putting up illegal banners and posters in every nook and corner of the city have gone scot-free, without even being issued a penalty. Admitting this in an RTI query, the GHMC said that except for taking up the exercise of removing the posters and banners on its own, it has not booked cases or fined any offender so far. Stating that hundreds of kilogrammes of waste in the form of banners and posters are accumulated every month, GHMC also informed that these are dumped at their Begumpet godown.The RTI applicant, S Mahender, a city-based environmental activist, said, \"The banners made of vinyl when burnt causes air pollution. These illegal banners and posters, which are mostly put up by political leaders and their followers, can be found everywhere. Nothing is being done about this environmental hazard by the government.\" According to GO 1163 dated 31-12-1996, the government has banned the installation of posters and banners on the roadside. However, these illegal banners are put up on a larger scale than the legal hoarding or electrical pole ads. Under GHMC limits, presently 4676 electric poles have the permission to display ads along with another 2552 legal hoardings across the city.K Dhananjay Reddy, additional commissioner (advertisements), informed that though these activities attract punishment, they have not booked any cases. \"We have been removing these illegal posters whenever we spot them. It is an unwarranted work for us and is on an increase. It is because of politicians that this trend is on the ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12829693", "title": "Army chief hints towards one rank, one pension", "text": "VARANASI: Chief of army staff General VK Singh arrived here on Sunday. He visited Sarnath, the holy Buddhist site where Lord Buddha preached his first sermon. In Sarnath, the Army chief visited the archaeological museum of the Archaeological Survey of India, archaeological ruins and Dhammek Stupa. He also witnessed the magnificent Ganga Aarti at Dasaswamedh Ghat.Earlier in the day General Singh had gone to Ballia. There he unveiled the statue of former Prime Minister Chandra Shekhar. Speaking on the occasion, Singh stressed on need to adopt a holistic approach in education. The Army chief while addressing a gathering of ex-servicemen said that very soon something positive will emerge vis-a-vis 'one rank, one pension'. The army chief said that all efforts were being made to implement one rank one pension from the last two years.Stating efforts were also being made to remove disparity in the family pension scheme, the COAS said it may take time, but there would certainly be one or the other good outcome. Implementation of one rank, one pension scheme would involve an expenditure of Rs 3,000 crore, but it was less from the point of the welfare of the soldiers, Singh said. He also said that extensive database of ex-servicemen would be maintained.Though the media was kept away from the army chief's programme, few reporters managed to enter the venue and asked Singh whether he would hand over documents related to the bribery case to the CBI. Singh refused to comment and said that the media should gather information from the CBI in this regard.After returning from Ballia, Gen Singh went to the 39 Gorkha Training Centre. Before leaving the city on Monday, the COAS will also go to the Kashi Vishwanath Temple to seek blessings of Lord Shiva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12834209", "title": "I had to fight with my conscience: Unnatii", "text": "It took Unnatii Davara, Miss India Earth 2010, all of Saturday afternoon to get over her fear.The actor, for the first time in her filmi career, was all set to shoot a love-making scene with Sudip Mukherjee for Agnidev Chatterjee's \"Teen Kanya\".\"I had never shot such a scene before and obviously then, I was a tad uncomfortable. But I fought with my conscience and told myself: 'Unnatii, you better drop your inhibitions as this is all about acting! And you need to give your best shot',\" says the actor, adding that Agnidev too was worried. \"The director was a little jittery about how I would perform as such scenes need to look natural. But with Sudipda's co-operation and Agnida's support, I could pull it off well,\" says Unnatii.The sequence turned out to be satisfying for both the actor and the unit. Says Agnidev, \"Though Unnatii is a confident girl, she was a li'l jittery before the love-making scene. But after the first few takes when she checked the monitor and realized that it has been shot aesthetically, she was game.\"Apart from this, the director also shot another sensuous scene with Rituparna and Sudip. \"That too went off really well,\" informs the director.Prod Agnidev more on the two intimate scenes and all he agrees to divulge is, \"Rituparna and Sudip play a couple in \"TK\". Why and how Unnatii gets involved with Sudip is something I'm not going to reveal now. Both the scenes are a turning point of the film,\" says Agnidev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "london/new delhi", "code": "12829700", "title": "EU seeks bigger Indian role against piracy", "text": "LONDON/NEW DELHI: Even as India presses for \"clear demarcation\" of piracy-infested waters as well as clarity on the issue of deploying armed guards on merchant ships, the European Union Naval Force (EU NAVFOR) wants New Delhi and other independent players to deploy more assets to fight sea pirates in the Indian Ocean.Holding that Somali pirates had now even started carrying out attacks in the Northeast Indian Ocean region after facing heat in the Gulf of Aden, EU NAVFOR operation commander Rear Admiral Duncan Potts said more warships in the area from independent players like India, China and Japan would be a stronger deterrent against pirates.India, however, wants all nations to come together under the UN flag to battle the menace of piracy before it becomes \"cancerous\" by developing a nexus with terrorism. Navy chief Admiral Nirmal Verma, during the recent Indian Ocean Naval Symposium (IONS) in South Africa, stressed the need for \"clear demarcation'' of piracy-infested waters as well as setting up \"standard operating procedures'' to boost inter-operability among the different navies and taskforces operating in the region.In wake of the recent killing of two Indian fishermen off the Kerala coast by Italian naval personnel on board a tanker, India is also keen on clear-cut international policies on the entire issue of deploying armed guards on merchant ships.Incidentally, Indian warships have ensured the safe passage of around 2,000 ships from 50 countries through the piracy-infested Gulf of Aden after they began to be deployed there since October 2008.Unlike the European Union Naval Force and the NATO , India along with Russia, China and Japan operates independently there and recently started coordinating their patrols to provide security cover to more number of ships passing through the pirate-infested waters.Briefing visiting Indian journalists at EU NAVFOR Northwood headquarters near London , Potts said around 25 warships from various countries and groups operate in the vast region of 2.5 million square miles and \"more warships there will be a bigger deterrent\" against pirates.The EU NAVFOR, comprising a fleet of four to seven Surface Combat Vessels and two to three Maritime Patrol and Reconnaissance Aircraft under Operation Atalanta in the Gulf of Aden, has now been granted permission by the European Union to destroy pirate logistics bases situated along the Somali coastline without putting their boots on the ground.Referring to ongoing investigations, EU officials pointed out that piracy has to be understood as organized crime that is happening on land and at sea, with kidnapping crews and ships for ransom as a \"business model\". They said the piracy network leaders, financiers and instigators went largely unpunished even if some of their \"foot soldiers\" were less lucky and ended up in prison or did not come back from sea.An official said, \"Europol and Interpol are closely cooperating in collecting and analyzing data on piracy cases and modalities are in place to allow them to receive relevant information from EU NAVFOR and Navies of other countries including India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12830143", "title": "WHO drops plan to target alcohol use reduction", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a highly controversial move, the World Health Organisation (WHO) has dropped its plan to set a target for cutting down on alcohol use across the world over the next 13 years.In January 2012, the WHO set a target to reduce per capita consumption of alcohol globally by 10% and another 10% reduction of heavy episodic drinking by 2025 as part of its global plan to reduce the burden of non communicable diseases (NCDs).But an updated set of global targets for NCDs released to member states including India on March 22 strangely had no mention of alcohol.India's health ministry said, \"Alcohol was let off the hook with the alcohol lobby forcing WHO into deciding against setting reduction targets on its consumption.\"Globally, 3.2 lakh young people aged 15-29 years die annually from alcohol-related causes, resulting in 9% of all deaths in that age group. Around 6.2% of all male deaths are related to alcohol, compared to 1.1% of female deaths.Nearly 62.5 million people in India drink alcohol with the per capita consumption being around four litres per adult per year. For every six men, one woman drinks alcohol in India. A Lancet study recently said alcohol raises the risk of as many as 60 different diseases. Drinking too much alcohol increases the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), blood pressure and leads to obesity.Dr K Srinath Reddy, president of the Public Health Foundation of India, is one of the global experts helping WHO set these new NCD targets. Disappointed, he told TOI that alcohol was an important cause of cancer, high blood pressure, mental illness, road traffic accidents and liver diseases.Dr Reddy said, \"There is a clear need to prevent the harmful use of alcohol as stated in the WHO's global strategy for prevention and control of NCDs which were endorsed by the World Health Assembly in May 2011. The political declaration adopted at the UN high level meeting on NCDs in September 2011 was surprisingly weak on alcohol control measure such as higher taxes and curbs on advertisement of young persons and was dropped in the final resolution.\"He added, \"Now alcohol related target is also being dropped from the proposed monitoring framework. This is unfortunate since the danger of alcohol consumption among youngsters is rising all over the world including India. It is important that the lobbying efforts of the alcohol industry are countered and public health is accorded priority.\"Even the NCD Alliance -- a formal alliance of four international federations -- International Diabetes Federation, Union for International Cancer Control, World Heart Federation and the International Union Against Tuberculosis and Lung Disease -- representing the four main NCDs, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, cancer and chronic respiratory disease, has asked WHO to reinstate targets for cutting down alcohol use.One of the key characteristics of the hazardous pattern of drinking is the presence of heavy drinking occasions, defined as consumption of 60 or more grams of pure alcohol per day.Hazardous and harmful drinking results in 2.5 million deaths, each year, globally, of these 14% are due to CVD and diabetes. Health ministry officials said April 19 was the last day for member states like India to send their comments to the proposed targets. On May 8, the WHO is holding a consultation with global experts (Dr Reddy from India) to discuss the feedback and develop the fresh draft of targets which will be taken up for consideration at the World Health Assembly on May 21.Ironically, a WHO report had earlier said, \"There is a direct relationship between higher levels of alcohol consumption and rising risk of some cancers, liver diseases and cardiovascular diseases. There is a high level of variation in alcohol consumption around the world. On average, global adult per capita consumption was estimated at six litres of pure alcohol in 2008.\"High levels of alcohol consumption and binge drinking damages the heart muscle, increases the risk of stroke and promotes cardiac arrhythmia.Meanwhile, the average age of alcohol consumption in India has been constantly falling by nearly nine years over the past decade. At present, at an average, Indians take their first sip of alcohol at the age of 19 compared to 28 in the 1990s. Soon, experts say it will reduce to 15 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12829754", "title": "Scattered rains provide respite", "text": "JAIPUR: The continued effect of the western disturbances brought rain and thunder showers in many of the northern and eastern parts of the state, giving respite from the blistering heat. Many places witnessed a dip in the mercury, the Met department said on Sunday.The ongoing pattern will continue in the state for the next couple of days, they added.The morning was pleasant and the afternoon was less hotter almost 3 degrees below the normal, with maximum temperature recorded at 35.0 degrees Celsius. Though no showers were received in or around the Pink City, cloudy conditions prevailed across the state. Following overcast conditions, cold breeze cooled the evening and people from all walks of life enjoyed the pleasant weather at parks and other recreational sites.However, hi velocity dust storm affected normal life and vehicular traffic at many districts in the state including Alwar, Bharatpur, Bhilwara, Chittorgarh and Udaipur. Some parts in these districts also witnessed to mild to moderate showers.The met office on the continued spell of rain has said that the ongoing conditions are likely to change within a week when the blistering heat conditions will revive in the state.Jhalawar remained hottest in the state with a maximum temperature of 39.8 degrees Celsius. It was followed by Kota, where the mercury rose to 38.4 degrees Celsius, Chittorgarh 37.5, Barmer 36.7, Vanasthali 36.2, both Bikaner and Jaisalmer recorded 35.7 degress, Jodhpur 35.2, Udaipur 35.0 and Pilani 34.1 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12831218", "title": "Rajapaksa assures MPs of air connectivity", "text": "MADURAI: Air connectivity from Madurai to Sri Lanka appears to be materialising as Sri Lankan president Mahinda Rajapaksa has assured the visiting Tamil MPs about increasing connectivity between the two regions.Virudhunagar MP Manick Tagore, who shared his experience of the trip to Sri Lanka with media persons here on Sunday, said the Tamil MPs in the parliamentary team insisted that there should be more connectivity between Tamil Nadu and the northern and eastern provinces of Sri Lanka where Tamils lived in large numbers. \"After we insisted on connectivity between Tamils living in both countries,Rajapaksa told us that he had already cleared a proposal to starting air connectivity to Madurai. He added that Sri Lankan Airlines was cancelling a few European operations and would have flights available for connecting Madurai. When we stressed about increased connectivity, he told us that he will go ahead with the flight operations even if they had to incur loss,\" Tagore said.The main objective of the committee visit was to inspect rehabilitation works totalling Rs 25,000 crore in Sri Lanka sponsored by the Government of India. \"We have also interacted with Tamil leaders in the country who wanted devolution of powers for Tamil provinces.The committee also met people in IDP camps, which now have 6,500 members. After visiting all the places, there was a detailed discussion where Indian MPs represented these issues. The Sri Lankan side assured us that they will hold elections in the northern province soon after moving all people in IDP camps to their native places. Rajapaksa has given a timeline of June 30 to resettle people in IDP,\" Tagore said.The committee had also discussed the increased military presence in the northern province that kept people in fear. The Sri Lankan side is said to have promised the MPs that the armed forces would be withdrawn from civilian areas after elections in the province. \"They are a bit upset over India supporting the UN resolution but they understand India's situation.The Sri Lankan authorities also promised to look into the fishermen attack issue, and will come out with a mechanism wherein fishermen of both countries themselves will resolve their issues,\" MP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12829921", "title": "Federation Of Sectors Welfare Association of Chandigarh election results", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Elections of Federation Of Sectors Welfare Association of Chandigarh (FOSWAC) were held on Sunday. FOSWAC is a body of resident welfare associations. Present chairman P C Sanghi clinched the chairmanship seat the for next two years by defeating his rival from 27 votes. M K Verma won the post of the vice-chairman while Lt Col J S Multani is the general secretary.Candidate for chairmanship post Hitesh Kumar Puri was defeated with a margin of 27 votes; G S Alhuwalia was defeated with a margin of 43 votes for the post of vice-chairman and G S Sathi was defeated with a margin of 22 votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12836145", "title": "71-hour countdown begins for Indian satellite RISAT 1", "text": "CHENNAI: The 71-hour countdown for the launch of 1,858 kg RISAT -1, India's radar imaging satellite, the heaviest one to be lifted by ISRO's Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle commenced this morning.\"The countdown for radar sensing satellite RISAT-1 started this morning at 6.47am at Sriharikota. This is a 71- hour long countdown,\" an ISRO spokesman said.The launch is scheduled at 5.47am on April 26 from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre at Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh. India currently depends on images from a Canadian satellite as domestic remote sensing spacecraft cannot take pictures of the ground during cloud cover.\"This (Radar Imaging Satellite or RISAT-1) is about 1,850 kg. So this will be heaviest satellite lifted by a PSLV (Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle),\" ISRO Chairman K Radhakrishnan had earlier said.The approved cost of RISAT-1, including its development, is Rs 378 crore, while Rs 120 crore has been spent to build the rocket (PSLV-C19), making it a Rs 498-crore mission.RISAT-1 will be launched into a 536-km orbit by PSLV, India's workhorse rocket. The satellite carries a C-band Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) payload, operating in a multi-polarisation and multi-resolution mode to provide images with coarse, fine and high spatial resolutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12828931", "title": "IIM-Shillong welcomes German team", "text": "SHILLONG: The Indian Institute of Management, Shillong organized the inaugural function for the 2012 session of the student exchange programme on Sunday to welcome an 18-member team comprising students and faculty members from Hamburg Media School (HMS), Germany.Nils Grannemann, faculty and team leader from HMS during his interaction with media representatives remarked, \"We are as much excited about this visit as the students. Past experience of collaboration with IIM-Shillong makes us believe that much intellectual input can be shared and garnered over the period of stay.\"The visiting German team will be attending classes on Indian media studies over the week before moving to Mumbai and Kolkata for interacting with the representatives of a number of renowned media houses.\"This exchange programme has gained popularity in Germany and this year IIM-Shillong has received an overwhelming response from a number of applications. But to maintain its credibility, the institute considers only those applicants who have a strong academic background as well as superior practical experience,\" an IIM release read. \"The programme offers the opportunity to learn from some of the best in the field of media studies. The course gives an insight into the Indian media industry,\" the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12829787", "title": "Police, administration adopt tough stand ahead of Akha Teej", "text": "Jaisalmer: Police and administration have taken strict steps to stop child marriages on Akshay Tritiya in Jaisalmer and Barmer in western Rajasthan, both places infamous for child marriage. Administration has directed aanganwadi workers, sarpanchs and patwaris to stop child marriages and police have asked station in-charges to continuously patrol in rural areas on the day. Child marriage is illegal and those attending or solemnising it, too, will be considered criminals.District collector MP Swami said directions have been given to take strict action against people who attend child marriages on Akha Teej. He said any person found on the venue of a child marriage will be booked. All persons providing assistance in child marriage like printing invitation cards, priests, halwais, providing mare for baraat, etc., will invite legal action. Swami requested people to assist, directly or indirectly, in the malpractice and also appealed to the parents to not get their minor children married.He asked the media persons to inform the district administration and police if they get information on any child marriage so that it can be stopped in time. As per directions of Swami, control rooms have been set up at district and sub-division levels.Additional district collector Parshuram Dhanka said that the control room in district headquarters has been started in his office and its number is 02992-251621. Similarly, at sub-division level, control rooms have been set up at Fatehgarh, Pokhran and Jaisalmer, the numbers of which are 0293275348, 02994-222237 and 02992-252421. He said the name of the informant will be kept confidential. The control room will function till April 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830623", "title": "Crow disrupts Harbour services", "text": "MUMBAI: Train services on the Harbour line were suspended for over an hour on Sunday after a crow got stuck in the overhead wires near Reay Road station around 11.40am, causing sparks and snapping of the wire.While railway officials said the wire did not snap and it was just a \"crow's fault\" which led to the disruption, there were reports of the wire snapping. Train services on the Down line between CST and Wadala were stopped completely and services were restored at 12.40pm, said PR officer A K Singh.Mumbai: Train services on harbour line were suspended for over an hour on Sunday as a crow got stuck in the overhead wires near Reay Road station, leading to sparks and snapping of the wire.While railway officials denied that the wire did not snap and that it was just a \"crow fault\" which led to disruption, sources said there were reports of the wire snapping. Railway officials said the fault occurred due to the crow flying in the vicinity of the high tension wires around 11.40 pm. The train service on the down side of harbour line between CST and Wadala was stopped completely and the services were restored at 12.40 pm, said public relations officer A K Singh. He denied that the wires had snapped as it could have then taken at least three hours to normalize services. \"Our engineers and technicians rushed to the site and rectified the problem on a war footing within an hour. There was no problem on harbour line for rest of the day,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12830784", "title": "Two years on, Kurla murders unsolved", "text": "More than two years after the rape-murders of three girls in Kurla (East), investigation agencies are yet to crack two of the cases. While admitting their failure so far at solving the killings, cops blamed the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) at Kalina for not testing all the DNA samples of suspects it was given.Six-year-old Sania Siddique went missing on the night of February 6, 2010, when she stepped out to play with her friends at Vatsalatai Nagar in Kurla (East). The next day, her body was found in a sack on the steps of a nearby building. An autopsy revealed that Siddique was raped and then murdered. Within four months, there were two similar tragedies. Nine-year-old Anjali Jaiswal was found dead on March 6 on the terrace of the police quarters close to Nehru Nagar police station. And, on July 19, nine-year-old Nushrat Shaikh was discovered murdered on the roof of a house in Vatsalatai Nagar.Spurred into action by the outcry in the neighbourhood, the police detained many suspects and sent hundreds of DNA samples to FSL. In July 2010, they arrested a 19-year-old cable operator, Javed Shaikh, whose DNA sample matched the DNA found on the body of Nushrat.Police officers said the crime branch sent the Kalina-based forensic lab 750 DNA samples, of which 700 were tested. But, of the 654 DNA samples sent by the Nehru Nagar police station, only 435 were tested. This was partly the reason the murders of Siddique and Jaiswal remained unsolved. Eventually, the probe was handed over to the state CID on March 5, 2011.\"We are working on different angles to get a lead in the two Nehru Nagar rape-murder cases,\" said a CID officer.Senior inspector Dhananjay Bagayatkar of Nehru Nagar police, who took charge at the police station a few months ago, conceded, \"Despite our best efforts, the cases could not be cracked.\"When asked about the hold-up in the testing of more than 200 DNA samples by FSL, Bagayatkar said, \"The delay is due to two reasons. First, the FSL stopped taking the cases seriously after Javed's arrest. Secondly, it was heard that FSL ran out of chemicals needed for conducting tests. Officials at the lab said that each test costs over Rs 8,000 and they exhausted their supplies of chemicals after testing about 1,000 samples.\"Newly appointed FSL director Dr MK Malve said he would have to find the reason for the delay. TOI's questionnaire to FSL enquiring about the progress in testing the remaining DNA samples elicited no response.The police said they made thorough attempts to catch the perpetrators of the 2010 Nehru Nagar crimes. Almost 3,000 suspects were detained and questioned. In addition, 800 banners with sketches of the believed perpetrators were put up. \"Yet, there was no success,\" said an investigator.Times viewThe total lack of effort on part of the investigation agencies indicates they have given up the first two Nehru Nagar cases as two more permanently unsolved mysteries in a long list. Equally shocking is the FSL's inability to test DNA samples that could have solved two cases that spooked every parent in a huge belt like no other crime in recent times. It is the police's inability to solve cases likes these and bring criminals to justice that contributes to the citizen's loss of faith in the force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12829792", "title": "Rajasthan students water project selected for tech competition", "text": "JAIPUR: It's time Rajasthan moves out of dependence on rain to solve the perennial water crisis. If the government honestly takes up water-harvesting and conservation, backed by technology innovations, people may not face the crisis every summer.Recently, two teams from the state have made it to the finals of annual Microsoft Imagine Cup competition, a premier international student technology competition. The India finals for the same would be held at New Delhi on April 25 and among the finalists, Rajasthan is the only state to have two teams and both have come up with software to tackle the water crisis.The two teams from Rajasthan are 'Poseidon' from Udaipur - which in Greek mythology is the god of the sea and protector of waters -- and 'Jeevan' from Pilani.The team of four engineering students from Udaipur (Poseidon) comprises of Anubhav Bhardwaj, Sneha Bhardwaj, Anirudh Pandey and Anubhuti Bhardwaj. And the Jeevan team from Pilani comprises Kundan Singh, Varun Mehta and Ashutosh Sharma.\"There were 150 teams from across the country in the software development category that participated in the contest. After scrutiny, we narrowed down on 33 and after a telephonic interview, only seven teams made it to the finals. Rajasthan is the only state from where two teams have qualified,\" said Mark D'Souza, director, student program, Microsoft India. \"The subject of their project is socially relevant for Rajasthan and I think they can make a good pitch to the local authorities,\" said Mark.According to Anubhav Bhardwaj from Poseidon, \"Knowing a problem is half its solution. There is immense disparity between users and distribution network. What we have developed is a software called 'Jal' which is aimed at real time water monitoring and assisting the households to dynamically determine the exact water usage. This could be monitored in kitchen, for washing and other miscellaneous uses to effectively manage the available water resources.\"The other team 'Jeevan' has developed a system called 'Jeevan'.\"The 'Jeevan' system is designed to bring products and tools which focus on the formula ICCE-information, Control, Competition and Education. We have developed a web application, on-field device and mobile application which together helps control water usage through automation and community efforts,\" said Kundan Singh.The Imagine Cup is an annual competition sponsored and hosted by Microsoft Corp which brings together young technologists worldwide to help resolve some of the world's toughest challenges. All Imagine Cup competitors create projects that address the Imagine Cup theme: \"Imagine a world where technology helps solve the toughest problems\". Started in 2003, it has steadily grown in size, with more than 358,000 competitors representing 183 countries and regions in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12831393", "title": "Nitish magic eludes higher education in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Even as the Nitish government has been able to bring in considerable improvement in the working of different sectors in the state, higher education is yet to feel the touch of his magical hand.Academics feel almost all the universities are being run on an ad hoc basis and most teachers and non-teaching staff are involved in litigations. More than half a dozen committees have been constituted by the chancellor and the state government during the last three decades, yet things have only moved from bad to worse. Instead of implementing the recommendations of these committees, the powers that be prefer setting up of a fresh committee.In the late seventies, the V S Jha University Inquiry Committee, constituted by the then chancellor, A R Kidwai, had suggested widespread reforms in the university. Then in the eighties, another committee headed by the late K N Sahay had also recommended some concrete measures for improving the fiscal system of the universities. Then, on the initiative of the state government, the posts and payscales of teachers and non-teaching staff of all the universities were thoroughly examined by the government auditors between 1991 and 1996 at Patna University Guest House.Again, in the nineties itself, on the instructions of the Patna high court, a special audit cell of the state government examined the pay and posts of all the teachers and non-teaching staff of all the universities and issued entitlement slip to individual staff. Recently, the government deputed over a dozen auditors in each university for pre-audit work to ensuring fiscal discipline.Academics have taken strong exception to the recent cabinet decision to set up an estimate committee to assess the number of sanctioned posts and validity of appointments, promotions, pay fixation and payment of arrears in the universities and urged the CM not to allow the bureaucrats to complicate the issues.Federation of University Teachers' Associations of Bihar (Futab) working president K B Sinha said that instead of settling the claims of teachers and non-teaching staff with regard to payment of their arrears, the government has initiated steps for lingering the matter and harassing the university staff. Constitution of the present committee is aimed at misleading the HC and delaying the release of funds for payment of arrears, he said, adding that a large number of such probe committees have already been constituted by the government without any tangible results.Bihar State University and College Employees' Federation president Ganga Prasad Jha said by setting up yet another committee, the government wants to intimidate the university staff and delay the payment of their hard-earned money. The government is not interested in streamlining higher education as the process of appointment has been stalled by it through an executive order despite the fact that thousands of posts are lying vacant for the last several years, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12830546", "title": "Wildlife action plan is need of the hour: Conservationist", "text": "RAJKOT: Saurashtra has many rare wildlife species. This is a matter of pride for the region. However, what is causing concern to people, particularly wildlife activists, is the fact that many animals belonging to rare species have been becoming victims of road accidents of late.An Indian hyena, an animal protected under Schedule I of Wildlife Protection Act, was killed in a road accident on Friday night near Ambardi village on Savarkundla-Rajula road in Amreli district. \"Many precious wildlife species are getting killed in road accidents. This is a cause of concern. Forest department should do something about it,\" said Chirag Acharya, wildlife lover from Savarkundla.\"Earlier two leopards, including a two-month-old cub, was killed in a road accident in Amreli district. The leopard cub was hit by a vehicle near SavarKundla when it was crossing the road,\" Acharya added. \"Since lions, leopards, hyenas, blue bulls and other wild animals are coming out of the jungle into the revenue areas, road accidents would only increase in the future, resulting in more deaths of precious wildlife species. As far as Amreli district is concerned, even during day time, people can see lions and leopards crossing the roads,'' said Nilesh Mehta, a nature lover from Savarkundla.\"We regularly come across cases wherein blue bulls are reported killed in road accidents. Forest department can at least put sign boards suggesting presence of wildlife in particular areas. This would alert vehicle drivers and prevent wild animals from being killed in road accidents,'' Mehta added. Shrenik Shah, a wildlife conservationist from Bhavnagar, said that on Ahmedabad-Bhavnagar highway, which passes through Blackbuck National Park (BNP), Velavadar, every month, at least one blackbuck gets killed in a road accidents. Blackbuck is also a protected species under Wildlife Protection Act.\"There is no action plan to save blackbucks which are getting killed regularly in road accidents near Blackbuck National Park. There are no hoardings or sign boa-rds on roads. Vehicles that hit wild animals easily escape after the accident,\" Shah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12829513", "title": "A burning city awaits summer rains", "text": "COIMBATORE: After more than two weeks of blistering heat, Coimbatore can expect summer rains in the next two to three days. According to V Geethalakshmi, a professor at the department of the agro-climate research at TNAU, heavy summer rains are expected in the coming days in Coimbatore and surrounding areas as the extreme heat has facilitated gathering and condensing of rain clouds above the Coimbatore region. The sky remained cloudy and residents felt a dip in atmospheric temperature on Sunday.Many areas in the suburbs saw some drizzling on Saturday evening and Sunday morning. The change in climatic condition has provided a temporary relief to residents, who have been battling the scorching heat over the last few days. However, Geethalakshmi says that summer rains can't be predicted accurately because of the sudden atmospheric changes. Even if the rains hit the city for a day or two, the effect will not last long, she says.Rains may ensure only temporary cool down and hotter days are ahead, she says. Known for its salubrious climate, Coimbatore has been suffering unprecedented heat in the last few days making life extremely difficult, considering the power outages and mosquito menace in the city. Day time temperature in the city was 38.3 degree Celsius on Saturday and is likely to cross 40 degrees by early May as per the present indications. According to Geethalakshmi, there is a possibility of 20 to 25 mm of rains in the coming days if the clouds continue to remain condensed.Except for Sunday, residents were sweating it out, yearning for a respite from the heat. Around noon, most streets are less crowded with pedestrians and two-wheeler riders keeping off the roads. The heat proved a blessing to many others though. Road side vendors and fruit shops selling tender coconuts and butter milk did brisk business.\"The heat is unusual for this time in Coimbatore. Summer has come very early. Except for May and June, the city is known for its salubrious climate. In the last four days, the heat has increased considerably. Going out in the afternoon is unthinkable,'' says C M Prabhakaran, who runs an advertising agency in Gandhipuram.A Alex, a third year engineering student, says that he carries a bottle of water everywhere he goes. \"I feel shy to carry a water bottle just like a girl, but cool drinks are expensive,\" he said. There are many like Alex who has started taking precautions for the summer. They wear gloves and shawls to protect their skin.Refreshments are still very popular. \"I cannot resist a glass of sugarcane juice or tender coconut water when I'm on the road,\" said Sarath N, a final year student at the Sri Ramakrishna Institute of Engineering. \"Juice varieties and aerated drinks are finding many takers these days. Not just youngsters, even senior citizens are making a beeline for my shop to beat the heat,'' says M Arumugam, who runs a juice parlor in Ukkadam.Physicians are also echoing the need to drink plenty of water during the day. Dr Prakash Mohana Sundaram of KG Hospital said a person needs to drink at least four to six liters of water every day. Dr P Shivaprakasham, resident medical officer at the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital, seconds the need to have more fluids, preferably butter milk and coconut water, to fight the heat. \"For those who face dehydration, ORS (a mixture of sugar, salt and other minerals) is the best option,\" he added. Doctors are also advising the use of sunscreen lotions before stepping out as ultra violet rays can damage the skin and cause allergic reactions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12830043", "title": "Telugu Desam Party to play Paritala card in Prathipadu", "text": "GUNTUR: The Telugu Desam Party (TDP) is going all out for the Prathipadu byelection and, in its search for a strategic edge, has hit upon the idea of leveraging the sentiment among the sizeable Kamma electorate for the slain Kamma warlord of Anantapur, Paritala Ravi.Senior TDP leaders Prathipati Pullarao, Ponnur MLA Narendra, former ministers Kodela Sivaprasada Rao and Alapati Rajendraprasad have chalked out the campaign plan to use Ravi's murder and YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy's role in it to polarize the Kamma community and prevent them from voting against YSR Congress candidate M Sucharita.Just to be sure, TDP has also roped in Christian missionary KA Paul to block any SC votes from going to Jagan's party. Senior leader E Peddireddy participated in Paul's missionary campaign in Prathipadu, believed to have been taken up to lure Christian community leaders. Although reserved for SCs, Prathipadu is a Kamma majority constituency. Political analysts say that defeat at Prathipadu would spell doom for TDP in the general elections that are to follow. In Prathipadu, which has an electorate of 2.07 lakh, Kammas have 45,000 votes. The largest group is the SCs with nearly 58,000 votes - 40,000 Mala and 18,000 Madiga. Kapus, too, are well-represented with 28,000 votes. The Yadavas, Muslims and Reddys have 20,000, 15,000 and 12,000 votes, respectively.Realising that a split in the Kamma vote had helped Congress win the elections in 2004 and 2009, TDP is desperate to ensure that, this time around, the community votes together. However, party chief Chandrababu Naidu's indecisiveness in admitting Rathaiah, a notable Kamma leader, could be damaging to its interests, analysts said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12831682", "title": "Reducing the impact", "text": "Students and faculty at the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi (IIT-D ), have developed a technology to prevent damage caused to buildings due to earthquakes. Vatsala Shrangi reportsApril 11 saw 28 countries of the world, including a few states in India, shaken by tremors. Despite its unpredictability, there needs to be a mechanism in place to prevent a large-scale damage caused by earthquakes. In one such initiative, students and faculty at the Indian Institute of Technology , Delhi (IIT-D ) have developed a technology to prevent damage caused to buildings due to earthquakes.\"Earthquake resistant technologies are being developed in a manner such that they can be implemented in the most severe earthquake zones in the country, under any soil condition,\" says Vasant A Matsagar, assistant professor, department of civil engineering, IIT-Delhi .The project focuses on preventing collapse of structures during quakes. Base isolation, the technique used for developing the mechanism is suitable to Indian conditions, feasible as well as cost-effective . The project, facilitated by Matsagar with his team of four undergraduate students at the institute, looks at base isolation as an effective way to minimise the impact of earthquakes.\"These isolators are proposed and used for the first time in our labs and are not available anywhere else in the country. Although the shocks are absorbed by the isolators, it does not make a structure completely earthquakeproof . It however helps to significantly reduce the impact. Instead of using the traditional flexible pads, we have used springs, which can largely dampen the effect of the quakes. This technique is suitable for medium-rise buildings resting on hard soil underneath,\" explains Matsagar.The earthquake-resistant building model was on display at the institute as part of ITech, the annual exhibition of research projects at IIT-D . The other research projects (developed at the institute) on display included the world's first hydrogen-powered threewheeler which was launched at the Auto Expo-2012 at Pragati Maidan, recently.M Balakrishnan, deputy director, IIT-D said, \"All projects developed at the institute look forward to indigenous applications. The research works on display are oriented towards inventive technology. We need an image make-over from just an academic institute to one providing technological solutions for a modern society.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12830473", "title": "This Akshaya Tritiya more consumers may opt for platinum", "text": "SURAT: On Akshaya Tritiya, the second most auspicious gold buying day after Dhanteras, huge rush at jewellery showrooms all over the city is expected. For the first time, consumers in the diamond city are looking at buying platinum in a big way. The reason is that the price of platinum and gold is same.Though jewellery business has not yet recovered from the 21-day strike against increased excise duty levied as per the Union Budget, stores are expecting large number of customers than last year as this is an auspicious day for people and Akshaya Tritiya will set the right pitch for business revival.Jewellery stores are launching extensive advertising campaigns to lure a wider audience this year. Many stores have gone a step ahead by offering free maintenance and full cash back for jewels bought on that day, with other offers such as a 50% rate block on pre-bookings, one-year insurance on ornaments and assured gifts on purchases.Naeem Khan , a goldsmith at Mahidharpura, said, \"There is an increasing demand for diamonds as it is better preferred by youngsters. Also, many orders for uncut diamonds and platinum ornaments studded with diamonds are being placed this season.\" Gold, which was priced around Rs 22,500 per 10 gm last year has risen significantly by Rs 5,000 this year and the price of platinum is ruling at Rs 26,410. More and more consumers are looking to buy platinum jewellery this time.Dipak Choksi, regional chairman, All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation (GJF), said, \"Till last year, platinum was out of reach for many consumers in the city. But today the price of platinum and gold is same; hence, consumers can purchase platinum jewellery on Akshay Tritiya.\" According to Choksi, about 15% of the buying in the diamond city on Akshya Tritiya would be of platinum coins, bars and platinum jewellery.Pravin Nanavaty of SHE Jewels told TOI, \"Platinum is known as a perfect metal for designing diamond studded jewellery. When it became costly years ago, jewellers started using 18 carat gold for designing diamond studded jewellery. Now, gold and platinum prices are same and consumers have started making their jewellery out of platinum.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12837207", "title": "Band OZMA loving its India tour !", "text": "Musically, they grew up together in France, having been in the same music school. But they never thought that the collaboration would result in the formation of a jazz band called OZMA, which would go on to win major awards, release some much loved albums and collaborate with artists all over the world.In Vadodara for a performance organized by the city chapter of Alliance Francaise, drummer Stephane Scharle shares, \"We started off jamming together just for pleasure and attended a lot of workshops. We became great friends along the way and it's delightful that we have formed a band and been together over the years.\"Apart from Stephane, the band consists of Adrien Dennefeld (guitar), Edouard Sero-Guillaume (E-bass) and David Florsch (saxophones). Having toured extensively throughout India, they have some \"unforgettable memories\" to share. \"In Pondicherry, we were blessed by an elephant, which felt strange and amazing at the same time. We felt highly blessed, literally!\" smiles Edouard.Adrien adds, \"We have been pleasantly surprised by the enthusiastic response to our concerts here. Even in Ahmedabad, we had a fantastic audience and the venue was packed beyond capacity. Back home, people are not as expressive as in India. We have also loved the architecture of the temples here. It's a visual treat.\"Not to be left behind, David joins in the conversation, \"How can you forget about the amazing palaces in Jaipur, and the Elephanta Caves in Maharashtra? And while Indian food is spicy, we enjoyed Gujarati thaali a lot more as compared to South Indian thaali . We can actually say that it's really sweet!\"Recently, they also spent a few days with musicians from Darpana in Ahmedabad to blend with Carnatic music of South India. Asked about the experience, Stephane laughs, \"In the last 10 days, except sleeping together, we have done everything together and tried to learn some Carnatic music! We realized that there is a lot to learn, and a lot to teach as well! We tried to create a new musical language and the results were amazing. It was all about trying to forget what we already know and enjoy learning something new.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12830228", "title": "New air traffic control tower for Mangalore airport", "text": "MANGALORE: With a view to enhancing the safety and security of Mangalore airport and also bringing different air control units under one roof, the Airports Authority of India has gone in for a new air traffic control (ATC) tower and technical block. Airport director MR Vasudeva laid the foundation stone for the new ATC tower and technical block at Kenjar near here on Sunday.Vasudeva said the project, costing Rs 18.3 crore, will be completed within 13 months. It will house air traffic control, control tower, radar unit and communication unit at one place. The three floors plus basement structure will come up behind the fire station and will allow a bird's eye view of the entire airport as in other airports like Chennai and Kolkata. Of the Rs 18.8 crore, the civil component is Rs 7 crore and the rest is for equipment, Vasudeva added. The airport presently handles 24 flights per day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12830452", "title": "Pipili probe: Conflicting reports baffle government", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The findings by different committees inquiring into the alleged negligence by doctors in connection with the Pipili 'rape' case have put the state government in a spot of bother.A nine-member experts' committee, which included representatives of the Directorate of Medical Education and Training (DMET), state drug management unit and professors from the three state-run medical colleges, has recently submitted its report to the government. Interestingly, the findings in this report do not match those of an earlier probe conducted by the director, health services, Upendra Sahoo.The latest report has recommended action against some medical practitioners, but not the three doctors (two of Pipili hospital and one of Capital Hospital, Bhubaneswar) against whom the government has already initiated disciplinary action, sources said.While Upendra Sahu, in his report, had held Milan Mitra of Capital Hospital responsible for not informing police, the experts' panel has given him a clean chit and put the onus on Kailash Sahoo, another doctor of the same hospital, sources added.Based on Sahu's report, the government has initiated disciplinary action against Mitra under rule 15 (procedure for imposing major penalties) read with rule 17 of Orissa Civil Services (Classification, Control and Appeal) Rules, 1962. It has also taken action against Sontosh Kumar Tripathy and Jamini Bhusan Patnaik (both posted at Pipili hospital) for alleged lapse on their part in informing the police as it was a 'medico-legal case'. The government action followed the National Commission for Scheduled Castes recommending stringent punishment for errant medical practitioners.The experts' committee, on the other hand, has not found Mitra, Tripathy and Patnaik responsible in the case, and noted that Mitra need not be blamed in the case as he was not the treating doctor. In stead, it has pointed finger at Mitra's colleague Kailash Sahoo, who was the treating doctor, sources disclosed.Neither of the committees has found any fault in treatment, but has accused the doctors of not informing police, sources revealed. An earlier report by director, medical education and training, P K Das had given doctors of SCB Medical College and Hospital, Cuttack, a clean chit, but the experts' panel is said to have raised questions about why SCB authorities discharged the girl in December when she had not recovered.The victim, who has been in coma since the alleged incident took place at Pipili on November 29, was re-admitted at SCB in January following widespread public outcry, which forced police to register a rape case on January 9 and Pipili MLA Pradeep Maharathy to step down as agriculture minister on January 19. The girl continues to be comatose, even as the crime branch of police has said the 19-year-old dalit girl was a victim of attempt to murder but there was no evidence of rape.Another committee, headed by special secretary, health, Basant Mishra, which was mandated to suggest remedial measures to prevent occurrence of such incidents is yet to come up with its recommendations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12830122", "title": "Urdu medium\u2019s last sigh", "text": "HYDERABAD: At a time when parents are eager to enroll their children in English medium schools, it is not surprising that there are but a handful of private institutions in the city that offer education in Urdu. The belief that English education fetches jobs and not the mother tongue has ensured that fewer students prefer Urdu-medium education. Managements of these schools, while admitting that Urdu is on its deathbed, put on a brave face and maintain that lessons given in the mother tongue are better and more easily understood.That the Urdu medium of instruction is on its deathbed reflects on the fact that only 14 of the 1,800 private schools in Hyderabad district offer education in Urdu. Of these 14, a chunk of which are in the Old City, four are primary schools, two are upper primary schools and eight are high schools. Sources observe that the number is expected to plummet in the next couple of years. Further, giving in to the demand, 31 schools in the district have started English medium education alongside Urdu.Established in 1966, Noor High School near Saidabad crossroads is the only registered private Urdu medium school in Saidabad mandal. In its heydays in the mid-70's it had a good 1,800-student strength. Hafiz Valiullah, principal, Noor High School says, \"Among the 120 schools in the mandal, this is the only recognised Urdu medium school; the other being a government school. A majority of the Old City denizens speak Urdu and it is unfortunate that there are few takers of the language here. We strongly believe that students learn better in the mother tongue and our students have also fetched good jobs.\"Valiullah says the government has been unjust with Urdu medium students and that the unavailability of text books remains a chronic problem. Most students have tattered second hand books and share them with others. If lakhs of rupees are being spent for promoting the language, then why haven't we seen any results, he asks. \"There are only 120 students now. Out of these 100 are girls and 20 boys. The previous year's strength was 147 and in 2009-10 it was 250,\" he laments.Till the late 70's, Urdu enjoyed a privileged status among intellectuals cutting across faiths and was heralded as a secular language. Now, Urdu medium education is largely confined to the walls of madrassas, the students of which are trying hard to pursue a formal education. Educationists rue that slowly, schools which once offered education in Urdu are rapidly changing the medium of education to English. Further, enrolment of girls is much higher in these schools raising questions about the quality of education among women in the Old City.It was after English emerged as the language of business and employment that Urdu medium schools witnessed a steady drop in enrolments. Many fear that the government would soon shut down many schools on account of poor admissions. Muzaffar Naqvi from Jamia Hira, which doubles up as a madrassa, in Falaknuma says, \"We had 500 students last year. Now there are only 250 out of which 150 are girls. Most Urdu medium schools impart education to the women and the downtrodden. Hawkers and petty traders send their children here because they believe that an education in Urdu medium is better than no education at all,\" he says.Academics blame the myopic management of these schools for their decline by refusing funding from government entities such as the Rajiv Vidya Misson. Naqvi defends, \"Government organisations like the RVM did approach us twice but we declined their offer. Accepting funding enervates the autonomy of an institution. Everything comes with a precondition.\"Valiullah and Naqvi both say that contrary to popular belief, Urdu medium students settle with ease into the English medium curriculum of Intermediate and degree courses.Educationists say that like scores of schools in the city, even schools more than 80 years old like Idara-e-Millia had to turn to English. Even Iqra Public School in Santoshnagar until recently was an Urdu medium school. Buckling under financial pressures, the management had to give into the rising demand of an education in English. Noor High School too is running parallel classes in English.Mirza Ziauddin Baig from Iqra Public School says, \"Urdu schools suffer from a dearth of equipment and aids. The government should have helped them sustain. It is a shame that the language is dying because of official and public apathy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830612", "title": "2 more held for teen's murder", "text": "MUMBAI: Two more youngsters were arrested on Sunday in connection with the murder of a 16-year-old collegian, Ansh Agarwal, in Andheri (E), even as peace marches were organized at Jantar Mantar in Delhi and J B Nagar in Andheri, seeking justice for the victim.The two, Shakeel Siddiqui (23) and Suraj Binbasi (19), will be produced in a metropolitan court on Monday. With their arrests, 15 people, some of them minors, have been rounded up over the murder.On April 17, Ansh was killed by his classmate from a tutorial home and his accomplices after the two had a fight over the accused sending a reportedly objectionable text message to a girl, who is Ansh's friend. The main accused and his group beat up Ansh with iron rods and bamboo sticks before dashing his head on paver-blocks, killing him on the spot, the police said.Investigations show that before the killing, Siddiqui and Binbasi met the main accused to hatch the plot. \"While going to confront Ansh, the prime accused called up Siddiqui and Binbasi and asked them to arrange for more youths to assist him. We arrested Siddiqui and Binbasi from near their homes at Goni Nagar in Andheri (E). We are probing if the two were physically present at the spot and if they also participated in the murder,\" an MIDC police said.Shivkumar Ghosalkar, father of the main accused, said in the police statement that he was not involved.Boasting of his contacts, Ghosalkar, who runs a liquor shop in south Mumbai, had asked his son's friends to beat up Ansh, the police said. But Ghosalkar has denied it in his statement. \"Ghosalkar claims that he is being framed and he did not conspire to kill Ansh. He says when his son discussed the plan with him, he asked him to forget about it,\" an official said. Ghoshalkar has been remanded in police custody till April 25.The police said they suspect the involvement of more persons in the case and further arrests are likely. So far, 15 persons, including Siddiqui and Binbasi, have been held. Some of the arrested persons are minorsThe police are still looking for more youngsters who are likely to be involved. \"So far, all the arrested accused have been charged with murder. While filing the chargesheet, we may add or reduce the charges depending on the extent of their involvement,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12831432", "title": "Legal luminaries exchange banters", "text": "PATNA: Does the relationship between a senior lawyer and his junior resemble that of a husband-wife relationship? At least, Bihar legislative council chairman Tara Kant Jha feels so.Addressing a function at the Patna Law College on Saturday, he recalled how he started practicing as a lawyer under the late justice K B N Singh, then a senior lawyer, in the early sixties and how he got the pats on his back when he won a case after 32 days of hearing. \"His words of encouragement gave me the same pleasure as a wife gets when she hears some good words from her husband for her work,\" Jha said.In an another anecdote, Jha said, \"Once my wife asked me as to why I have not been elevated to the bench when so many of my friends and even juniors have become judges. I simply asked her to go to her father and ask him why he selected a lawyer to be her husband.\"Making out a distinction between plagiarism and research, Supreme Court (SC) judge Dipak Mishra said laughingly, \"If you copy a verse from a book and reproduce it, it would be called plagiarism. But if you reproduce several verses from different books, it would be called a research.\"Recalling his student days at Patna Law College, SC judge Chandramauli Kumar Prasad said that proxy was the order of the day during that period. Law students used to bunk their classes and their attendance was marked by proxy. But, even then, students did not want to miss the classes of learned teachers. Pointing towards Justice (retd) Udai Sinha, who was sitting in the audience, Prasad said that students did not miss the class of Sinha who was then a teacher of Law College.Rajya Sabha member and an alumnus of the college Ravi Shankar Prasad described his alma mater as \"an Oxford of Bihar without any Cambridge to copy it\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12830766", "title": "9-yr-old girl shoots self accidentally", "text": "VADODARA: A nine-year-old girl died on Sunday afternoon when she accidentally shot herself while playing with her Army officer father's service pistol at home in the Tarsali area of Vadodara. Sonia Sundersinh was declared dead minutes after being admitted to SSG Hospital.Police officers said the bullet from the .32 bore pistol pierced Sonia's head and hit the roof of the house. Her father Shyam Sundersinh is a nayak in the air defence regiment of the Army. The parents of the girl were in a state of shock, unable to accept their daughter's death, and refused to speak to anyone.Sonia's seven-year-old brother Aum was also in the house when the incident happened. \"Sundersinh and his wife had gone to the railway station to drop his parents who were going out of station,\" said Makarpura police inspector L B Monpara. \"The couple had left the kids alone at home as they planned to return early. Shyam had locked the house from outside and given keys to the children.\"At around 2.45 pm, the neighbours heard a gunshot and rushed to the house. They saw Sonia lying in a pool of blood and Aum standing nearby. The boy handed over the keys to the neighbours, who entered the house and called up 108 emergency services.\"The girl was lying on the floor near the sofa and the pistol was found nearby. The firearm was loaded with seven cartridges in it when the cops seized it. It seems she shot herself while playing with the pistol,\" said Vadodara police commissioner Satish Sharma.Sundersinh had been posted in the city for a long time and had been living alone. He brought in his wife and kids to live with him only about three months ago. \"When we asked Sundersinh whether he kept the pistol in a safe place, he said his wife usually took care of it. A case of negligence may be registered against him,\" Monpara said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "12831206", "title": "Australia Speaker quits over sex charges", "text": "MELBOURNE: Australia's parliamentary Speaker Peter Slipper has stepped aside following allegations of sexual harassment and fraud against him. Slipper, 62, on Sunday issued a statement emphatically denying the allegations that he harassed one of his advisers, James Ashby, and that he misused cabcharges.\"The allegations include both a claim of criminal behaviour and a claim under civil law,\" Slipper said, referring to the allegations of fraud and harassment has been accused by 33-year-old Ashby of making unwelcome advances towards him and sending him sexually explicit text messages. Ashby has laun8ched legal action in the federal court against Slipper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12829329", "title": "July date for Indo-Bangla joint tiger census", "text": "KOLKATA: Finally, there will be a joint survey across 10,200 square kilometres of Sunderbans, spread across Bangladesh and India, this July to determine the exact number of tigers on the UNESCO World Heritage Site.The numbers, given by the Bangladeshi forest department and its Indian counterparts till date, are disputed on the ground that big cats frequently cross over the Indo-Bangla border.Every time, Sundarbans authority in India or that of Bangladesh comes up with their respective tiger census figures, they are disputed on the ground of tigers' frequent crossing over the political Indo-Bangla border.Bangladesh and India have signed a protocol to prevent poaching and smuggling of the tigers and their body parts from their sanctuaries. According to the protocol, the two countries will undertake joint scientific research, launch projects to promote understanding and knowledge of Royal Bengal tigers, develop information systems, share research, and exchange personnel for training and education.\"There will be an attempt to conduct the tiger census simultaneously in Sunderbans on either side of the border using a common methodology. If necessary, Wildlife Institute of India ( WII ) will help the Bangladesh Sunderbans officials with technical expertise for conducting the census,\" said sources. According to the last tiger census in 2003, there are 440 tigers in Bangladesh. On the other hand, a census in 2006 had claimed that Indian Sunderbans had 270 tigers, which was disputed by wildlife experts. The latest tiger census in India, conducted in 2010, pegged the big cat numbers in Sunderbans between 60 and 90. But the cross-border movement has always put question mark on the claims.According to the protocol, two countries will start patrolling of the waterways that crisscross the mangrove forests on their respective sides to prevent poaching of tigers.The wildlife monitoring is extremely important to the managementto ascertain how the species are responding to the current management practices. Based on monitoring results, the necessary changes are made in the management practices to make those more effective. \"The tiger estimation has traditionally been done in Sunderbans by using pugmark method, where the fresh left hind leg pug mark impression is collected from the field and analysed,\" said a Sunderbans Biosphere Reserve officer. The method was field-friendly but due to some drawbacks, Project Tiger developed a new methodology - Status of Tigers, Co-predators and Prey. Later, camera trapping, DNA tests were included to ascertain the range of tiger population in Indian Sunderbans.All these, forest department officers said, began during the tenure of Jairam Ramesh as Union environment and forest minister. Ramesh had suggested that India and Bangladesh should join hands to protect the Sunderbans from environmental degradation by forming Indo-Bangladesh Sunderbans Eco-System Forum.When Prime Minister Manmohan Singh headed to Dhaka, he formalized Ramesh's forum through a specific Indo-Bangladesh Bilateral Environmental Treaty for the Sunderbans. The treaty was to facilitate implementation of the programmes under the forum and mandate inclusive and coordinated reform between the two nations at state, district and grass roots levels. This, according to an official, will help tackle the problems of sensitive ecosystems as a whole rather than in the separate and piecemeal form, currently the norm in both countries.The joint relocation and emergency evacuation programme was considered for sudden climate disasters such as cyclones or flooding. Both nations can use their strong grass roots institutions to ensure policies are practically implemented. Micro-credit programmes like micro-loans for livelihoods and micro-insurance for environmental disasters are also being worked out.Several proposals are being thought for joint and simultaneous execution by both India and Bangladesh. There is no dearth of funds. Last year, the Centre had allocated Rs 300 crore, from the Rs 1,156-crore Integrated Coastal Zone Management project for West Bengal and most of it for Indian Sunderbans. The funds were for prevention of erosion of the islands , building of storm shelters, promotion of ecotourism and livelihood improvement. In addition, a Rs 450 crore central grant was announced for strengthening embankments at critical areas in the Indian Sunderbans. Bangladesh has similar allocations - Rs 700 crore - for its Sunderbans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12830805", "title": "22-year-old held for kidnapping, rape", "text": "NAGPUR: The crime branch of Nagpur rural police nabbed a youngster from Yavatmal and rescued a teenager, a student of ninth standard, on Sunday.Vijay Lokhande had eloped with the 16-year-old from Khaparkheda in February. He was charged with kidnapping and raping the girl.A manhunt was launched after a missing complaint was lodged with the Khaparkheda police. The local crime branch led by sub-inspector Arvind Saraf laid a trap and arrested Lokhande. Police said the duo was staying as a couple in Yavatmal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12829940", "title": "Newer engineering fields opening up: Expert", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Inspiring students to choose a career in engineering based on their interest and aptitude, Sanjay Gupta, a researcher and professor at Centre for Research in Cognitive Systems at NIIT University was in city on Sunday.Addressing a seminar on careers in emerging fields of engineering organised by the university, Gupta said newer engineering fields are opening up this year and instead of opting for the most sought after courses, students must ask themselves whether they have the interest in a particular discipline. \"The next step should be shortlisting creditable universities and institutions to boost one's career prospects. Choice of institution is of utmost importance,\" he said.Dwelling on the importance of promoting research based learning, right from undergraduate level, Prof Gupta said students coming out of institutions which give equal importance to research as to learning will have a clear advantage over the other when they enter the job market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12830721", "title": "Damaged cables may have caused Kurla signal cabin fire", "text": "MUMBAI: The fire that affected the signalling cabin at Kurla and Vidyavihar on April 18 may have been caused due to damage to underground cables at two spots. Short-circuit or fault current led to cancellation and delays in hundreds of services over two days.A senior official revealed, \"Multiple agencies were working in the area. The three-member high level committee will identify the agency responsible for damaging the cable.\" He added, \"Due to a puncturing in the cable that carried 1500 volt direct current (DC) power, the entire current leaked via the adjoining signalling cable, which runs through the Kurla signalling cabin to the Vidyavihar cabin.\"Technically, the signalling cable is there to control slot, which is basically transfer of control of a few signals from one cabin to another. The official explained, \"For example, if a train is about to leave from the Kurla yard, the Vidyavihar cabin will give a slot to the train and the Kurla cabin will give a signal.\"This signalling cable runs through from the Kurla cabin to the Vidyavihar cabin since it is associated with slot control. Which is why the fault current developed simultaneously at both the cabins, he added. The damage to the cables could be because of digging, welding that lead to melting of cable, etc.Both the cabins are according to the DC standards, which does not include earthing and short-circuit relay. However, this fault will go away once the 25000 volt Alternating Current (AC) system becomes operational. He further said that the newly-built Vidyavihar cabin had a fire alarm, which went off as soon as the blaze was detected. Hence, timely action was taken to douse the fire.At Kurla, the fire alarm is located in the cable room and not in the relay room, which are located on different floors.Around 68 signals stopped working in the affected stretch, forcing CR to run only 70% of its services on April 18 and 85% on April 19.The fire occurred at around 12am and was doused by 12.30am. Apart from affecting suburban services, CR has unable to run goods services - major source of revenue - as signals at points are not working. As a result, trains cannot interchange tracks and trains can only in straight direction.CR is expected to restore the system only by Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12835889", "title": "Water scarcity claims one life in Thane", "text": "THANE: Acute shortage of drinking water in tribal areas of Thane, has claimed the life of a 37-year-old woman, who died of exhaustion, allegedly while running from pillar to post for fetching water, reports reaching the district headquarters said today.Vasai MLA and chief of Shramajivi Sanghatana, Vivek Pandit told PTI that the incident took place when Parvati Ramu Jadhav, a tribal woman from Dolara village of Mokhada taluka went to fill water from the tanker, which comes to the village only once in four days.She could not get water as the tanker went empty before her turn came. Then she turned towards the village well, which already witnessed a huge que for fetching water.Pandit said these villagers are required to trek several miles to fetch water which the victim had been doing since several days in scorching sun.Last week, when Parvati could not get water from the village well even after standing in the line for several hours, she decided to return home, he said.Reportedly, there was a stampede near the well. On her way back, she collapsed and died later, reports said.Pandit said the district administration needs to take the water issue seriously and immediately step in to prevent such incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "12829987", "title": "Water problem rocks Karnataka Development Programme meet", "text": "MANDYA: Drought related problems such as scarcity of potable water and power came to the fore at the Karnataka Development Programme (KDP) review meeting chaired by district in-charge minister R Ashok here on Sunday. Cutting across party line, MLAs and MLCs took the officials to task for allegedly making the situation worse. They did not even spare the minister.Melukote MLA C S Puttaraju, who spearheaded the war of words against the officials, accused the district administration of becoming insensitive towards the plight of people.\"Despite being surrounded by rivers like Cauvery and Shimsha, people in Mandya district are struggling to get pure potable water. Though there are enough opportunities to find a permanent solution to raise the depleting underground water table and end water woes, no such attempts have been made so far,\" he alleged.MLA P M Narendraswamy urged the minister to suggest a permanent solution to provide drinking water to villages coming under arid and semi-arid areas in Malavalli, K R Pete and Nagamangala taluks. Deputy commissioner P C Jaffer said the district administration has already studied the condition of groundwater sources in the district and measures will be taken to recharge them.Senior officers of CHESCOM also came under fire. People representatives alleged that the officials' inefficiency in providing uninterrupted power has escalated drinking water crisis in drought-prone areas.Ashok, who warned the officials of disciplinary action if they fail to discharge their duty, promised to release more funds to take up drought relief works in the region.MLAs Sureshgowda, M Srinivas, Kalpana and Ramesh Babu, MLC Ramakrishna and zilla panchayat CEO J Jayaram among others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12830940", "title": "Court seeks cop's say on judge's bail plea", "text": "YAVATMAL: Yavatmal district and sessions court judge directed the police station officer (PSO) of Wadgaon Road to file his 'say' on the bail plea filed by the absconding labour court judge Atik Mohammad Khan on Saturday.Police sources said Khan is on medical leave since he was booked on charges of wrongful confinement and sexual abuse levelled by his domestic help of more than 10 years. He was also booked under the Atrocity Act and seeing the gravity of case, the investigation was handed over to the Yavatmal subdivisional police officer Lata Fad.Cops have also informed the high court and the state president of the labour courts seeking their opinion on the procedure to arrest the controversial judge.Sarjerao Gaikwad, PSO, said that since the case involves a sitting judge, they have no power to arrest him. \"We have sought guidelines from the higher authorities which are yet to come,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12830094", "title": "Youth arrested for stealing 20 bikes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Ahmedabad rural local crime branch (LCB) officials nabbed a 23-year-old youth with a stolen bike from near Ujala crossroads on Saturday. The youth confessed to having stolen 20 bikes with his partner in the past one year.According to LCB officials, a team led by inspector D J Chavda got a tip-off about a youth involved in bike thefts. Working on the information, the team kept a watch near Sarkhej-Bavla highway at Ujala crossroads and nabbed Kuldeepsinh Dabhi, 23, a resident of Professor Society, Dhandhuka. Dabhi was riding a Surat passing bike and was not having his driving license or papers for the bike.\"He was nabbed from the spot and was taken to the police station for questioning where he confessed that he had stolen the bike from Sarangpur Hanuman temple. Upon further questioning, he stated that he along with his partner has stolen 20 motorcycles of various make by using duplicate key and breaking the lock mechanism. We sent a team to his residence and have found the bikes parked at a shade. We have seized the bikes worth Rs 2.10 lakh,\" said an LCB official.Dabhi stated that he had stolen the bikes from districts such as Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Anand, and Vadodara. He was earlier arrested by Surendranagar police for stealing four computers from a primary school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12835529", "title": "Pak plans to build two N-power plants in Sindh", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan plans to build two coastal nuclear power plants with a capacity of 1,000 MW each in the southern port city of Karachi to meet the future energy needs of the financial hub, according to a media report on Monday.\"The presidency and general headquarters are showing great interest in the projects which will have substantial allocations in the next budget,\" an unnamed Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission official was quoted as saying by The News.The military leadership has been briefed about the project and the presidency too is showing interest in the coastal nuclear power projects, the official said.\"Due to this reason, we are seeking major allocations in the public sector development plan for 2012-13,\" the official said.\"Right now we are in the process of carrying out the seismic survey of the coastal area where the nuclear plants are expected to be installed,\" the official added.Karachi currently has an ageing nuclear power plant that can generate 80 MW. The two new plants will be called the CNPP-1 and CNPP-2.Besides, authorities plan to build four nuclear power plants on the Taunsa Punjnad canal, about 32 km from Muzzafargarh in Punjab province.These plants will generate 1,000 MW. Work on the third and fourth Chashma Nuclear Power Plants too is underway.Chashma Nuclear Power Plant-3 is scheduled to be operational by December 2016 and the fourth plant in 2017.Authorities are hoping to complete these two plants about eight months ahead of scheduled. Each plant will generate 325MW of electricity.The Chashma complex already has two functional nuclear power plants that generate 650MW.Under the energy security plan for 2005-2030, Pakistan plans to generate 8,800MW from nuclear power plants.\"Our objective is to increase the nuclear electricity share in the current electricity mix-up to six percent from the existing two percent,\" the PAEC official said.The PAEC has identified six sites for building nuclear power plants at Qadirabad Headworks, Dera Ghazi Khan canal near Taunsa Barrage, Taunsa-Punjnad canal near Multan, Nara canal near Sukkur, Pat Feeder canal near Guddu and Kabul river near Nowshera, the report said.The PAEC will acquire 2,263 acres for four nuclear plants and 989 acres for a housing colony at Muzaffargarh at a cost of Rs 18 billion.Despite widespread criticism by the world community, Pakistan has stepped up civil nuclear cooperation with China, which has offered to supply several nuclear power plants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-23"}
