{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11968552", "title": "Metro rail readies court defence", "text": "HYDERABAD: Amidst controversies dogging the metro rail project, including complaints of changing alignment and misleading the court on construction work, the Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited (HMRL) is expected to file a counter affidavit with the AP High Court on Wednesday as it looks to clear the air on the contentious issues.Justice L Narasimha Reddy of the high court is hearing a clutch of petitions filed by Greenlands, Ameerpet, Madhurnagar, Yusufguda, Sri Krishna Nagar Joint Action Committee (GAMYS JAC) and 20 other local traders, and the petitioners have complained that the HMRL has changed the alignment of Corridor III between Nagole and Shilparamam without regard to the efficacy of the alternative route initially approved and continued with the construction despite giving an undertaking to court that it would stop the work in the corridor. The case is coming up before the court on Wednesday and an official in the HMRL said they would file a counter affidavit denying the complaints as baseless.\"The complaints are wrong because we have not changed the alignment of the metro rail,\" the official said. \"As per the original plan it passes through Punjagutta but not Ameerpet. Moreover, we have given the undertaking that the work would be stopped in the stretch between Greenlands and Jubilee Hills. The photographs that petitioners submitted were those of the construction site at Nagole,\" said the official. Last week, civil society activists produced photographs to prove that the HMRL had violated its undertaking and threatened to file a contempt suit against it.While NVS Reddy, managing director of HMRL, declined to comment saying the issue was sub-judice, C Ramachandraiah, spearheading the civil society's agitation, admitted that there was a mistake in identifying the site where the work was going and said they would not file contempt of court case against HMRL. \"The HMRL has clarified that it has not violated its undertaking. So, there is no question of filing a contempt suit,\" Ramachandraiah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11968671", "title": "He sees potential in empty space", "text": "MUMBAI: India is a port of call for backpackers from all over. But that doesn't stop this writer from expressing surprise when Kenya Hara smiles and says that he's been here and done that too. Try as one might, it's hard to imagine the serene 54-year-old graphic designer and curator as a backpack lugging student, but then three decades is a lifetime.The eminent designer, renowned for his work as art director at Muji-the Japanese retail company defined by its minimalism and no-logo policy- having attended the just concluded Wills India Fashion Week , Delhi, is in Mumbai for the Godrej India Culture Lab lecture.Dressed in all black, Hara discusses the importance of emptiness in his design philosophy. \"My ideas about emptiness are derived from Japanese philosophy. This idea of emptiness must not be confused with the Western idea of simplicity and clean design. Emptiness is critical because it helps us accommodate our potentiality. The principals of emptiness and minimalism are key to the work we do at Muji,\" he explains.In 1999, philosopher Graham Harman coined the term \"object-oriented philosophy\". In it, Harman makes a case for objects and claims that objects are not secondary to human experience. Harman even proposed speculative philosophy, a new philosophical discipline, which will scrutinize the \"cosmic layers of (their) psyche\".This object-oriented philosophy works in Muji's and Hara's favour. Indeed much can be read into the psyche of a company that today puts out 7,000 objects that range from pencils to homes. \"Some think Muji is about no design, some maintain it's about ecology but we're accepting of all this. Muji is an empty vessel for people's imagination,\" he elaborates.Muji though is just one face of Hara's creative output. Senseware 09, Hara's curatorial project, opened in Milan to much acclaim. The exhibition explored the potential of synthetic fibre technology or manmade fabric through design; among other things, the exhibition included a sofa which could shapeshift at the press of a button and a smiling car. Don't know about the shape shifting sofa but India's road raging lot could certainly do with a few smiling cars.House Vision, his next ambitious project, aims to employ intelligent design to change the way we live. He smiles, \"These projects are achieved through a network of collaborations and I see Muji as one possible collaborator. The emphasis will be on a design and technology that educates our desires and in the process alters our consumption habits. It is a project for the future.\"Speaking of the future, minimalist Muji hopes eventually to arrive in our unapologetically maximalist country. He concludes, \"Muji is about connecting and not speed, so I can see us in India in perhaps another two-three years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11970925", "title": "Bunking classes takes toll on 416 first year BCom students", "text": "VADODARA: M S University's Faculty of Commerce is finally cracking the whip against absenteeism. The faculty which for long has been criticized for going soft against absenteeism is finally coming down heavily on students who have failed to meet the minimum attendance cut-off.Officials of the faculty suggest that a total of 416 students of first year Bachelor of Commerce (BCom) will be debarred from appearing in the faculty's forthcoming exams. The mid-semester exams of the FY BCom students will begin on February 22.Ahead of the exams, the faculty has decided to debar 66 students of faculty's main building, 125 students of faculty's girls' college and 225 students of faculty's unit building. It is for the first time that faculty is taking such a strict action against absenteeism which has crippled its academic functioning.\"Since December last, we have been warning students that they should attend their classes regularly. So, we had published two lists on the notice boards highlighting the names of students who were remaining absent. As a third attempt, we even sent letters at their residence and invited their parents for discussion. But those who have not responded despite repeated missives won't be allowed to appear in the forthcoming exams as we do not run a distance education course,\" faculty dean professor Parimal Vyas told TOI.The mid-semester exams count for 40 per cent weightage under the semester system, which the faculty has introduced this academic year.While absentee students of main building, general education building and girls' college will face the consequences for remaining absent for long, the faculty has not taken any decision regarding those students who have remained absent at Padra College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11969671", "title": "Medical report not a must to prove gang rape: Lawyers", "text": "KOLKATA: When joint CP (crime) Damayanti Sen said \"rape confirmed\", in spite of corroborative medical opinion, she merely outlined a long-held medico-legal fact repeatedly held by courts in India.On February 19, 2010, the Calcutta HC division bench of justices Ashim Kumar Banerjee and Kishore Kumar Prasad delivered their oft-cited judgment in the Brojen Biswas &amp; other vs the state of West Bengal case, involving the gang rape of a married woman. The judgment quoted an Apex court judgment which referred to medical jurisprudence to say: \"Rape is crime and not a medical condition. Rape is a legal term and not a diagnosis to be made by the medical officer treating the victim. Whether the rape has occurred or not is a legal conclusion, not a medical one.\"Gang rape, lawyers indicate, is more grievous an offence than rape. It carries rigorous imprisonment of not less than 10 years and may extend to life behind bars. If the court sentences anyone convicted under Section 376(2)(g) IPC for anything less than a decade behind bars, the special reasons have to be mentioned in the judgment. Lawyer Milon Mukherjee argues the very nature of such offence means there will be very little or no witnesses. \"Moreover, for married victims, the medical reports are often inconclusive. So basically, the prosecution case has to primarily hinge on corroborative and circumstantial witnesses. In such a scenario, the victim's testimony has to inspire the confidence of the court. Even her singular testimony would be enough if the court is convinced,\" Mukherjee said.Mukherjee's argument finds resonance in a Supreme Court observation. The court had said: \"Once the statement of prosecutrix (or the complainant) inspires confidence and accepted by the courts as such, conviction can be based only on the solitary evidence of the prosecutrix and no corroboration would be required unless there are compelling reasons which necessitate the courts for corroboration of her statement. Corroboration of testimony of the prosecutrix as a condition for judicial reliance is not a requirement of law but a guidance of prudence under the given facts and circumstances. It is also noticed that minor contradictions or insignificant discrepancies should not be a ground for throwing out an otherwise reliable prosecution case. Non-examination of doctor and non-production of doctor's report would not cause fatal to the prosecution case, if the statements of the prosecutrix and other prosecution witnesses inspire confidence.\"Criminal lawyer Tirthankar Bose says prima facie it appears in this case that one person committed rape in the presence of others. \"This can be construed as gang rape as the objective was the same,\" he said. In July 14, 2006, a Calcutta high court division bench comprising justices P Sinha and P Datta, while delivering a judgment on another gang rape case, held: \"In order to prove gang rape it is not necessary that the prosecution must establish in court by adducing evidence that each and every accused of the group committed rape or actual sexual intercourse with the victim. If one or more persons in a group forcibly takes away the victim and thereafter one of them commits rape on the victim, the others who did not actually commit sexual intercourse or rape on the victim would be guilty of gang rape.\" Several SC orders indicate that when a gang rape is committed on a victim by more than one, each one of the accused is guilty under Section 376(2) (g), even if all accused actually did not commit rape on victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11968963", "title": "Sealing drive in Noida: Banks to seek extension from SC", "text": "NOIDA: With Noida Authority all set to resume its sealing drive against unauthorised commercial units from March 5, banks displaced by the Supreme Court order have decided to approach the apex court for an extension. Following a meeting headed by Andhra Bank , all banks which have opted for commercial plots offered by the Authority, decided to file a petition in the apex court on Tuesday seeking permission to continue operations from their current locations till the construction of the new premises and the shifting process is over.Of the 77 plots offered by the Authority on February 4 to accommodate the 104 bank branches displaced by the apex court order, the banks applied merely for 38. As pet the Authority's scheme, these banks need to complete the construction work on the new plots within the next three years. However, the Authority has maintained that all the 104 branches will have to shut operations from residential plots irrespective of whether they have opted for the new scheme. \"These banks ave thus decided to request the SC for an extension in the March 5 deadline,\" a State Bank of India official said.\"The apex court's order made it clear that all commercial units operating from residential plots must shut operations by March 5. Our sealing drive will be applicable to these banks as well unless they manage to get relief from the court,\" said Capt S K Dwivedi, CEO, Noida Authority.Meanwhile, those banks that did not opt for the February 4 scheme citing the Authority's exorbitant land rate as one of the main reasons, have requested the Authority to help them rent premises in the urban villages in the city. \"We are trying to search for vacant space in commercial units close to the residential areas so that our customers face lesser problems. Some banks have managed to rent commercial spaces earmarked within residential areas while many others are still looking,\" said Pawan Kumar, a bank official. \"The Authority allows commercial activity to some extent in the urban villages,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11970466", "title": "Religion-neutral marriage certificates likely", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is working on a proposal to provide religion-neutral marriage certificates to people following demands by minority groups, including Sikhs, who are shown as Hindus in official documents.An option law ministry is likely to suggest to the Cabinet is to amend the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1969 by adding a clause on marriage registration. The law ministry proposal says that since the infrastructure to register births and deaths is already in place, registration of marriages could be handled with ease by civic authorities.The present system of issuing religion-based certificates will continue. According to ministry officials, making registration of marriages religion neutral would also help couples who face social and community pressures for having married according to their wishes. Sikh groups have maintained that members of the community face problems abroad as their certificates are issued under the Hindu Marriage Act, 1955. Besides Sikhs, Jains and Buddhists are also issued certificates under the Hindu laws. Another option could be the implementation of the Anand Marriage Act, 1909.Sikh marriage ceremonies are known as 'Anand Karaj' (blissful event). The British had passed the Anand Marriage Act 1909, but it was scrapped after the Partition, and Sikh marriages were registered under the Hindu Marriage Act.The Cabinet is likely to take a call on the issue after the model code of conduct in force due to assembly elections ends in March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11970857", "title": "GU VC missing with his family, say city cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Police investigators probing atrocity charges against Gujarat University vice-chancellor Dr Parimal Trivedi visited his official residence again on Monday but did not find him or his family members. His official car was, however, found at the residence.According to K R Bhuva, assistant commissioner of police, SC/ST cell, the team probing a complaint by a GU faculty Pankaj Shrimali in 2008 had been to Trivedi's residence on Sunday and again on Monday. \"As per university officials, he has not been attending office since Friday and has not been present in any official or government function. We have not got his family's whereabouts as well,\" he said. Officials added that Trivedi's numbers were also switched off when investigators tried to contact him.Bhuva will present the current status report in the case on Tuesday in the metro court due to which the police machinery had started hunt for Trivedi before due date. Last month during a hearing, the court had asked for the status report as after 2008, police had not taken any actions in the case.Meanwhile, speculations were rife on Monday that Trivedi will surrender to police on Tuesday or has already been arrested. When contacted, the GU officials said that the VC's charge has not been given to the pro vice-chancellor so far. \"It is possible that he may sign his resignation before turning himself to police. If he is arrested and does not get bail for 48 hours, his post will automatically get terminated,\" said a senior Gujarat University official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11974934", "title": "Urban fiesta in Kolkata", "text": "Kolkata unleashed its alternative side as youngsters got together to showcase art, music and fashion - all based on offbeat and out-of-the-box themes.The festival featured a street exhibition showcasing fresh art and photography collected from around India.With the 'quirk' quotient running high, the crowd, comprising uber chic youngsters, jostled to watch Rasta Jam, a hip hop street dance battle featuring several teams. And then, it was time for Gandu Circus to take over the stage. This was the first time that they performed live in the city. The band, comprising Q, Neel Adhikari and Jivraj Singh, played music from the award-winning film \"Gandu\".Peter Cat Recording Co. also registered their first performance in Kolkata. \"The music is so bangali, but the treatment so European,\" gushed a member of the audience.\"The aim of the festival is to celebrate the new 'displaced' culture of Kolkata, which is niether East nor West but based on a 'third' kind of sensibility,\" said Opashona Ghosh, one of the organizers.We also spotted Rii during the event.Stuti Agarwal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11969821", "title": "CVC to review 2G probe with CBI, ED, I-T dept", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Vigilance Commission will hold detailed review of the probe into the 2G scam by various agencies in the wake of the Supreme Court order asking it to regularly monitor investigations into the case.The Supreme Court had on February 2 asked the CVC to carry out regular review of the probe by agencies like Central Bureau of Investigation , Enforcement Directorate and Income Tax.\"Keeping in view the nature of the case and involvement of a large number of influential persons, we feel that it will be appropriate to require the central vigilance commissioner and the senior vigilance commissioner appointed under Section 3(2) of the 2003 CVC Act to render assistance to the court in effectively monitoring further investigation of the case,\" an SC bench of Justices G S Singhvi and A K Ganguly had said in its order.Sources said the CVC is now drawing up plans for review meetings with the investigation agencies. First off the block will be the ED, which is set to carry out a detailed briefing for the CVC on Wednesday. Two days later, on February 24, the income tax department will hold a detailed briefing.A meeting of the CBI chief with the CVC was yet to be scheduled, sources said. However, a PTI report said the CBI would make its presentation on the progress in its investigations on Tuesday.\"The officials have been called to discuss the probe in 2G matter. They will be giving a detailed presentation before the commission,\" PTI quoted sources as saying.The SC had tasked the CVC to regularly monitor investigations into the 2G case, after a petition was moved seeking setting up of a Special Investigation Team to oversee the 2G case.The CVC will be reviewing the progress in investigations into the 2G case on a regular basis, sources said. The trial in the 2G case is already underway, involving 17 accused, including three companies -- Reliance Telecom Ltd, Swan Telecom and Unitech Ltd. All the 17 accused are charged under various provisions of Indian Penal Code for criminal breach of trust, conspiracy, cheating, forgery and the Prevention of Corruption Act.Former telecom minister A Raja, his former private secretary R K Chandolia, former telecom secretary Siddharth Behura, DMK MP Kanimozhi and Kalaignar TV's MD Sharad Kumar are among those facing trial.Also facing trial in the 2G case are six corporate executives - Reliance ADAG Group managing director Gautam Doshi, its senior vice-president Hari Nair, group president Surendra Pipara, Shahid Usman Balwa, Vinod Goenka and Sanjay Chandra. Also facing trial are Bollywood producer Karim Morani, Asif Balwa and Rajiv Aggarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11969071", "title": "Residents clash with cops for refusing to hand over 'dacoits'", "text": "MUMBAI: Locals clashed with police after they refused to hand over to them four armed men, who were hanging around Kurar village in Malad (E), allegedly with an intention of committing dacoity.The four were caught by the locals and police early on Monday but an associate fled. When the cops refused to hand them over, the locals pelted stones at them and at police vans, injuring a constable, Prakash Bhosle. Two cases have been registered__ one against the people for assaulting Bhosle and another against the dacoits.Bhosle was admitted to Bhagwati Hospital and discharged after treatment. Ganesh Amarsingh and Pradeep Pachpor were arrested for assaulting Bhosle and stones were seized from them.Sarfaraz Shaikh (23), Aamir Ahmed Khan (22) and Vishal Chauhan (19) were taken into custody and Rohit Maskar (28) a few hours later, the police said. Bamboo sticks, swords and a sickle were recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11969544", "title": "Now, get your photos printed on stamps", "text": "GURGAON: The philatelic exhibition, \" Parindey-2012\". will be held in the city from February 21 to February 23. To be inaugurated by Chief Election Commissioner of India S Y Quereshi, the exhibition will feature rare collection of stamps from the state.A feature of the event will be \"My Stamp\" where participants can get their own pictures printed on stamps. The \"My Stamp\" counter will be put up for the first time in Gurgaon. \"My Stamp\" can be used for postal charges on mail items which will cost Rs 300 for a set of 12 stamps.Over 400 children from 15 schools will be participating in the event. On display will be rare stamps issued by India as well as other countries. Many reputed philatelists would be participating with their prize-winning exhibits. Students from all over Haryana will showcase their rare collections of stamps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11971079", "title": "Chargesheet likely by end of month, says CBI", "text": "JODHPUR: Fourteen people, including former minister Mahipal Maderna and Congress MLA from Luni constituency Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, were arrested in the case. It was alleged that Bhanwari was blackmailing Maderna about a sleaze CD. So, the minister allegedly wanted her killed. The CBI claimed to have found her bones from Jaloda village in Jodhpur where she was allegedly burnt to death.Sources said the CBI is taking time to file the chargesheet because Malkhan Singh's sister Indra Bishnoi, a prime suspect, is still at large. Report of samples collected from Jaloda, where Bhanwari was said to be disposed of, is still awaited. \"We are expecting to file the chargesheet by the end of this month,\" said Dharini Mishra, CBI spokesperson.During the last hearing, the CBI told the court that Bhanwari was dead and that there was no point maintaining the habeas corpus. The CBI also told the court that the final chargesheet would be filed after the absconders were arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11970839", "title": "Hubby held for woman's murder in Chandkheda", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chandkheda police officials arrested Shyamveer for killing his wife Shashikala on Sunday. The arrest came after a statement by Shyamveer's 10-year-old son Yogesh, who worked as his accomplice in the act.Police investigators said Shashikala Yadav, 32, a resident of Mansarovar Society, was found dead at her home by neighbours at 8.30 am on Sunday after her stepson Yogesh raised an alarm of a robbery attempt at their place. Her hands and legs were tied and her mouth was sealed with two medical tapes. Her six-month-old son Yuvraj was in a nearby creche.Yogesh had claimed that three to four men entered the house and locked him in the bathroom from where he escaped. However, police saw holes in his story as they could not believe that the murder could be an act of a robber. His statement was crucial to throw light on the incident as Shyamveer was the prime accused.\"After taking the investigators for a ride for some time, Yogesh finally broke down late on Sunday night and confessed that his father killed his stepmother and asked him to support him. \"He says that he did not see the murder taking place. He had just come from outside when he saw his father dragging the body in the room and applying a tape on her mouth. Shyamveer confided in him and told him to support him so that he could escape the punishment. He then told him to narrate the story of robbers to others and even ransacked the belongings to create a scene of robbery,\" said KP Rathod, in-charge inspector of Chandkheda police station.Yogesh did as he was instructed, but when police reached the scene of crime and saw the body they realized that it could not be a handiwork of robbers. \"Why would a robber take precautions of tying her hands and legs, when he could just stab and kill her? After video-recording Yogesh's statement, we approached Shyamveer, who was in our custody. He confessed to his crime after we showed him the evidences,\" said Rathod.Police investigators said that Shyamveer was tired of Shashikala's constant nagging about not giving her money to run the house. When she involved her parents in the fight, he did not like it.The murder was a result of an early morning fight between the duo, when Shashikala questioned him about his business and why he went out on Sundays. He strangled her with his hands and then created a scene of gruesome robbery. However, he did not have time to get the valuables out of the house as he did not want to be seen by the nearby residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11969620", "title": "President commutes Jharkhand resident's death penalty to life", "text": "NEW DELHI: The President commuted the death sentence of Jharkhand resident Sushil Murmu to life sentence on February 9. Murmu was convicted of killing a minor and his mercy petition had been pending since 2004. There are 18 mercy pleas pending before President Pratibha Patil including that of 2001 Parliament attack convict Mohammed Afzal Guru, who is now eighth on the list.The list was accessed by RTI activist Subhash Agarwal in response to an application asking for details of the number of people whose mercy petition has been disposed of and those pending before the President.One of the oldest cases that have been pending before the President is that of Haryana resident Dharam Pal, whose mercy petition was filed in 1999. He is convicted of killing five people.The President had last August rejected the mercy petition of assassins of former PM Rajiv Gandhi . Earlier, last May, she had rejected the mercy plea of Mahendra Nath Das alias Govinda Das. Das had severed the head of Harakanta Das (68), secretary of the Guwahati Truck Drivers Association, in Guwahati in 1996. He was sentenced to death by a session's court in 1997.Another mercy plea rejected by the President was of Devinder Pal Singh Bhullar, who has been given the death penalty in a 1993 car bombing case in New Delhi.The home ministry had submitted Afzal Guru's case to the President's Secretariat for a decision on July 27, 2011, with the recommendation that the clemency petition should be rejected.Guru was convicted for conspiracy in the Parliament attack and the Supreme Court upheld his death sentence in 2004. The sentence was scheduled to be carried out on October 20, 2006. However, Guru's execution was stayed following a mercy petition filed by his wife. He is on death row since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11969010", "title": "Heart fixed, Sufiyaan goes home", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mohammad Sufiyaan can't wait to get back home and gorge on his favourite dish kheer. The 13-year-old boy, who had been suffering from rheumatic heart disease for more than two years, was operated upon successfully at Fortis Escorts Heart Institute in the capital. He was discharged on Saturday.TOI had highlight his plight in a report on January 8. Sufiyaan, son of a daily-wage labourer from Uttar Pradesh, had been waiting at the AIIMS Metro station for treatment at the premier medical institute since there was no night shelter. He had to make do with a rain-soaked blanket in the bitter cold. Due to prolonged exposure to cold, his damaged heart valves had caught infection. After the report, doctors at Fortis Escorts Heart Institute offered to treat him free of cost.\"He was kept under observation and his condition was stabilized for two weeks. After that, the child underwent valve replacement surgery in which the diseased heart valve was replaced with an artificial valve,\" said Dr Ashok Seth, chairman, cardiac sciences, at the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11971985", "title": "Tribals vow to oppose CNT Act amendment", "text": "RANCHI: Tribal leaders from across the state announced to protest any move by the state government to amend the Chotanagpur Tenancy (CNT) Act and deprive tribal people of their rights.The tribal leaders present at the mahapanchayat organized by the CNT Act Suraksha Samiti here on Sunday took vows not to hesitate to launch massive agitation in case the government changes the provision of the act which prevents transfer of land of people from reserved category to those of general category.Sensing the resentment among hundreds of tribals at the mahapanchayat, former MP Shailendra Mahato said the government was intentionally depriving innocent people of their rights enshrined in the act. The CNT Act came into force in 1908. \"The act was framed during the British rule to safeguard the interest of local people and now the state government is trying to make amendments according to the need of influential people. We are not going to accept the amendment that is against the interest of masses,\" said Mahato.Former MLA Surya Singh Besra, who is known for his firebrand image since the times of Jharkhand movement, said they would also challenge the move of the state government in court.Officials have been depriving innocent people for decades but now the Jharkhand high court has asked the state government to strictly implement the act and protect the people of reserved category. \"We will fight any move to bring change from all possible forums including in courts and safeguard the interest of innocent people,\" said Besra. It was also decided that awareness programmes would be organized by holding rallies and meetings to garner support of like-minded people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11969113", "title": "Mishaps before D-Day puts students in a bind", "text": "MUMBAI: Puja Jadhav, who scored 92 % in her Class X Board exam, is now worried about achieving a similar feat in her HSC exam that starts on Tuesday.The student of Father Agnel School in Vashi was waiting on her father's bike near a book store when an unknown biker hit her on January 15. She fractured her finger and toe.Though she will be given a writer, she is worried about not being able to score well. Jadhav said, \"I was discharged from the hospital just two days ago. I can sit and study for long hours, but there are a lot of apprehensions about writing the paper. Though I will be able to finish the paper with the help of a writer, I am worried about the mathematics paper. It involves a lot of calculation, where I might lose time in explaining to the writer. I am worried about not being able to complete the paper in time.\" Jadhav is hoping her plaster would be removed within a week and she would be able to write the remaining papers herself.Sudhakar Tiwari, a commerce student from Gautam College in Thane suffered a fracture while playing almost a month ago. His injured arm will take at least six months to recover, he says. \"Initially, I fell from a bicycle, it worsened when I participated in a cricket match on January 24. But I am confident of the paper,\" said Tiwari, who has met his writer. \"I applied for a writer when doctors told me the plaster would be removed after six weeks,\" he added.Mumbai Divisional Board office receives many requests from students at the eleventh hour. Students are asked to get a letter from their school/college, doctor's certificate explaining the medical condition and also a photograph to apply for a writer at the last moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11969572", "title": "He swears by the Gita, and teaches Afghan pupils the Queen\u2019s Language", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prawal Mani Tripathi isn't used to attention. The 30-year-old from Bihar's west Champaran district sounds baffled when contacted for an interview. \"You must be kidding. Why would somebody teaching English to Afghan students become newsworthy?,\" he asks. Setting up a coaching centre for underprivileged Afghan students and teaching some of them for free is a good reason, one argues. But the explanation cuts no ice with him. It takes much cajoling to convince him.A graduate in political science, Tripathi came to Delhi in search of a better future 10 years ago following the advice of his own English teacher. The son of a retired government servant came with a letter of recommendation from a social worker, a lot of hope and little else. He still has the train ticket that brought him here.When he started taking math tuitions for his landlady's son, Tripathi found his calling in teaching. Soon he was taking classes for spoken English at a tuition centre in south Delhi. There he came in touch with several Afghan students. \"I found them to be very loving and warm,\" he says. It has turned out to be an ensuring association since. A large number of Afghan refugees live in Bhogal and Lajpat Nagar colonies in south Delhi.Tripathi, who reads a few passages from the Bhagwad Gita every day, set up his own tuition centre in Jangpura Extension in 2010. Keeping in mind the large number of Afghan students that he was getting, he decided to set up a separate Afghan Learning Centre in March 2011. He calls it, his \"dream project\". \"I started a separate facility because familiarity and belonging are very important in a foreign land,\" says Tripathi, who currently teaches over 70 Afghan students. These students are mostly 15-20 year olds and enrolled with National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS). The most popular subject choices among them are spoken English and computer operation.There's a discount for underprivileged students, many of whom have escaped difficult circumstances to come here. He has even taught 15 of them for free. The fee he charges local students ensures his survival. \"Some Afghan students who come from affluent backgrounds refuse discounts. Two brothers studying here did that, saying their aunt sends them enough money from the US. But some are here on treatment and can barely afford the cost of medicines. Others come here having lost everything. You can't charge them an exorbitant fee,\" says Tripathi who charges about Rs 500 for a subject per month from the NIOS students.Noor Ahmed, 19, is one such student. His father ran a guesthouse in Kabul, which was bombed by a terrorist group. Fearing for his family's safety, he shifted base here three years ago. His father still keeps visiting Kabul for business, while he lives here with the rest of his family, pursuing his Class XII through NIOS. \"The syllabus here is very different. We did not study English in Kabul,\" he says. There are others like Tamanna Sadat from lesser-known places like the Logar province of Afghanistan , who moved with her family of seven over two years ago. \"There were too many bombings and other incidents of violence in Logar. We had to leave. I don't know what I am going to do, but I like it here,\" says Tamanna in fluent Hindi. Things seem to be looking up back home, if Said Anwari, the Dari translator at the coaching centre, is to be believed. \"Before 2002 it was only the Taliban , and nothing else in Kabul. Now there are more universities for professionals and more schools for children,\" says Anwari, who is waiting to go back home.Before Anwari came along, Tripathi says he would struggle with gestures to get his point across. Now it is a smoother ride for him. Tripathi, who is in touch with his ex-students, talks proudly of those who have moved on to greener pastures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11970578", "title": "Kanpur set for a dubious distinction", "text": "KANPUR: The district is gearing up to top the charts in increasing maternal, infant, neonatal and prenatal mortality rates in the state. As per the recent annual health survey conducted under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), Kanpur is among the leading cities with high maternal, infant and prenatal mortality rates.It is important to mention here that the maternal mortality is the death of a pregnant woman during child birth. Infant mortality rate is referred to as death of children under one year of age. The neonatal death is the death of a newborn within one month to his/her birth, and prenatal mortality (or still birth) is used for child who dies before delivery.Talking to TOI, an official of district health department informed that according to the guidelines of worldwide medical fraternity, life expectancy in an average healthy country should be of 75 years. While, the infant mortality rate should be 12 per 1,000 live births and maternal mortality rate should be 95 per 1,00,000 live births. \"The corresponding figures for the city are far worse. The maternal mortality rate stood at 500 per 1,00,000 cases and neonatal mortality rate was 97 (Kanpur rural) and 52 (Kanpur urban) per 1,000 live births. Also, the rate of infant mortality is surprising with 65 in Kanpur rural and 40 in Kanpur urban in 10,000 cases,\" added the official.If the health activists are to be believed, no scheme can bridge this wide gap in the standard and current mortality rates of the district. \"The incidents of maternal and infant deaths expose the reality of access to maternal health services at the grassroots level in the district and UP. Ironically, this happens in a state which reports the highest maternal mortality rate in the country,\" said Nidhi Shukla, a health activist and NGO member. She added that poor maternal healthcare aggravated the situation.Added to this, the annual health survey conducted in the district shows that a large number of pregnant women never make their mandatory antenatal care visits to any of the health centres, especially in rural areas. Against this, only 25% of expecting mothers consume iron folic acid tablets for 90 days or more in rural areas. And, more than 65% pregnant women are severely anaemic in both urban and rural Kanpur.However, these basic iron tablets and initial treatment facilities are free in all the government health centres in the city as well as in nearby interior areas. The age of a woman delivering the first child is below the ideal age of 21 in most of the cases. While, the percentage of women giving birth with the help of doctors, nurse or other health personnel is below 50%.Another most prominent cause which leads to untimely death of pregnant women in the district is 'delay' in treatment. Factors like faulty infrastructure, non-availability of doctors and nurses, ill-equipped centres and lack of proper arrangement for delivery of child cause unnecessary delay. Apart from this, delay in taking a decision for medical intervention coupled with inadequate transportation facilities aggravates the situation.Importantly, among two First Referral Units (FRUs) and more than 40 community health centres, public health centres (CHCs,PHCs) and new CHCs had inadequate facilities for emergency services including the basic equipments and trained gynecologists. Specifically, the above mentioned health centres did not have a permanent working vehicle and other facilities like care kits and ultrasound machines and emergency labour related drugs.The situation of maternal, infant, neonatal and prenatal mortality rates is not good ion the city as well. Though, Kanpur has two big government hospitals, AHM-Dufferin hospital and Lala Lajpat Rai (LLR) hospital, the deaths of pregnant women and newborn is higher then average.Ironically, AHM-Dufferin hospital even after being the hub of delivery cases does not have a neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). LLR is also ill-equipped to deal with critical cases. While the CHCs and PHCs in interior areas of Kanpur Dehat also have no such facilities.On the other hand, there are eight private hospitals in the city having well-equipped NICUs providing best medical facilities possible. As neonatal care is expensive (Rs 2,000-6,000 per day), many poor patients cannot afford it. \"Increasing maternal, infant and prenatal mortality rates are a grave problem for the district. Even after adopting various measures to curb the same under National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), the efforts are not proving enough,\" said Dr PN Bajpai, NRHM in-charge of the district.He also add that problems of under nutrition in pregnant women, which is accountable for the high maternal, infant and prenatal mortality rates, is high both in urban and rural Kanpur. There are nearly 1,000 maternal deaths in the district every year. \"Measures are being taken to provide more health facilities, still local awareness is the key factor to curb this fatal cause of deaths,\" added Dr Bajpai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11969352", "title": "Woman bludgeoned to death", "text": "PUNE: A 40-year-old woman, Anita Vitthal Margale, was found bludgeoned to death near her residence in Jadhavnagar at Vadgaon Dhayari during the early hours of Monday. The Haveli police have booked her husband, Vitthal Margale (46), who is reportedly at large.The couple's daughter Sunita (20) has lodged a complaint against Vitthal at the Haveli police station.Inspector Sardar Patil told TOI that around 7 am on Monday, Sunita noticed her mother was still asleep, in an open space in front their house. \"When Sunita removed the bedsheet from her mother's face, she found her dead,\" Patil said.He said that when Sunita found that her father was not in the house, she grew suspicious and lodged the complaint.Patil said that Anita and her husband had been separated for the last few years as he used to beat her. \"Vitthal also suspected Anita of having an extra-marital affair,\" he added.Patil said that on Sunday, Vitthal had gone to his wife's house as Sunita's fiance was there. \"All of them were talking till 1 am on Monday, and then went to sleep. Vitthal is untraceable since the incident came to light,\" Patil said.He said that the investigations had revealed that Vitthal wanted to sell his plot at Jambhali, in Haveli taluka, but Anita was not ready for that. \"We have sent a team to trace the suspect,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ferozepur road", "code": "11971230", "title": "Artistic skills on display in flower arrangement contest", "text": "FEROZEPUR ROAD: Members of Gayatri Ladies Club explored their artistic skills on Monday as they participated in a flower arrangement competition at a hotel on Ferozepur Road. The women competed in dry flowers and fresh flowers categories, making elaborate arrangements.Lovely Garg of BRS Nagar won the first prize in fresh flower arrangement and Civil Lines-resident Madhu Mahajan won the prize for her dry flower arrangement. The members also played tambola, sang love songs and picked up expert tips on the care of house plants.Lovely had made a bouquet using gladioli, carnations, roses, palm leaves and fresh leaves. \"I am very happy it won me the first prize,'' she said.Madhu, who had arranged dry flowers and leaves into a decorative piece, said, \"It was not easy to use dry flowers and leaves because they don't wield easily and can even break. I am very happy that I won the first prize.''Chairperson of the club Anila Nagpal delivered a small talk on Valentine's Day and the motive behind it. \"Valentine's Day is not exclusively a celebration for lovers because love exists between brothers, sisters, parents and their children and even between a person and God,'' she said.Jaswinder Kaur of BRS Nagar sang 'Phool tumhai bheja hai khat main' and on Madhu's demand the members sang 'Chali chali, hawa chali' of 'Baghbaan'. Jyoti Goel, joint secretary of the club, said, \"Neelam Kapoor and Juhi Bakshi, who own a nursery, delivered a lecture on the care and maintenance of house plants. They also informed the members about how to take care of our plants even without the help of a gardener.'' No club meeting is complete without some girl bonding over food so the members enjoyed a lunch together before dispersing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ankita kanwar mumbai", "code": "11971338", "title": "Friendship Day, V-Day falling out of favour?", "text": "Ankita Kanwar MUMBAI: Shikha Iyer felt embarrassed. Her denim pocket boasted five thin yellow satin ribbons she'd mentally allocated to five new friends in her firstyear Mass Media batch. But on reaching the campus she discovered her batchmates were busy laughing at the idea of Friendship day. They found it ridiculous that people felt the need to sport white T-shirts with cheesy messages, cheeks full of signatures and a bevy of velvety ribbons on their wrists as a testimony of their friendship.To fit into the crowd, Iyer, who had by now pushed the ribbons deeper into her pocket, too smiled vacantly at their jokes.Like Iyer, more and more students are realising that all those 'days' that were once exclusive to teenage existence - Valentine's day, Friendship day, Rose day, Chocolate Day and even something called \"Propose day\" - are now just about as cool as listening to Boyzone or Backstreet Boys .Exchanging heart-shaped balloons on Valentine's day or being voted 'Rose King' or 'Rose Queen' is now the equivalent of being on Orkut. Overt expressions like cards, dates and gifts are things of the past. And though they make one feel good, they're all too predictable and \"done-to-death\".In the age where Barney Stinson and Charlie Sheen have replaced Bryan Adams as role models, everyone seems to be chanting the 'move on' catchphrase.Even Valentine's day, when the world looks like a huge heart shaped cut-out and when young love was all about flaunting hearts on sleeves, seems to have lost its sheen.Vishal Chawla, 18, a first-year engineering student at Thadomal Shahani Engineering College, says, \"In school, it was a big deal; everyone was excited about asking someone out if they were single and gearing up for the Big Day. But in college you don't really want to make it a big deal. I usually just meet my girlfriend and gift her something, just like I would on her birthday, and she'd do the same.\"But whatever happened to the surprises and planning ? \"It's a symbolic day and at that, it's not bad. But of late, I feel it has gone over the top with all the commercialization,\" Chawla adds.Reis DeSouza, a first-year student from DY Patil, says he likes the buzz around the countdown to these days but he thinks it's actually a great marketing strategy for greeting card giants. \"It may or may not mean anything to couples, but it sure does mean a lot for these guys!\" he says.Nikita Seth (17) gives another interesting reason. \"Teens these days celebrate their 'anniversaries' every month because that's how short-lived their relationships are. For them then, Valentine's day is just not that big a deal.\"Zarna Chheda, 19, from HR College, agrees. \"Celebrating Valentine's day is just not cool anymore. How can one day ever be enough? People just need a reason to go out, spend money and celebrate.\"But what about Friendship Day, isn't that another excuse to celebrate too? \"Love may not last, but friends always stick around, so why not?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11969394", "title": "Now, vegetables to be grown for EU markets", "text": "PUNE: Amidst reports of improved agricultural yield in the country, the Union government has decided to form clusters of vegetable farmers and train them in growing export-quality vegetables besides linking them with exporters.Also on cards is 'vegetablenet', on the lines of 'grapenet' -- an online tracking system of grapes from farm to table. The target is the European Union countries which, the experts say, has the potential to offer an export market of Rs 2,000 crore to Indian growers.In the first phase of the programme, six districts each from Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu have been selected. Pune, Thane, Nashik, Satara, Jalgaon and Amravati have been selected from Maharashtra.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, on Monday, said in Delhi that India's farm yield has touched a new high with food production expected to exceed 250 million tonnes, \"an all time record\", at the end of the Eleventh Five Year Plan ending March 31.A senior agriculture officer told TOI: \"A policy has been drawn with help of the Union agriculture ministry and Agricultural and Processed Food Products Export Development Authority (APEDA) to set up a chain of growers, processors, exporters till consumers. It will ensure that vegetable grown in a developing country like India meets the quality norms set by the European Union.\"Farmers' clusters thus formed will be trained and equipped to produce export-quality vegetables like brinjal, ladies finger, green chilli, bitter gourd, drum sticks and curry leaves. These six vegetables comprise 80% of total vegetable export of India.A senior APEDA official said, \"There is a huge demand from EU market for vegetables as production cost in our country is very low due to subsidies. Our current export methodology for vegetables is not organized. We will develop 'vegetablenet', where farmers' clusters will be registered and production targets will be fixed. These groups will be linked with professionals from processing sector and exporters. These farmers will be trained in growing export-quality vegetables, segregation and proper packing with barcode for traceability.\"The structure of farmers' cluster is kept loose depending on the area, irrigation facilities and climatic conditions in a particular district. The government is working on offering minimum export price for vegetables, which would be higher than the domestic prices. It would prompt farmers to join the cluster and quality vegetables, said a top official from the state agriculture department.A decade ago, grape producers from Maharashtra developed grapenet -- an online system of tracking grapes and quality assurance -- which is widely accepted. The 'Vegetablenet' system is based on grapenet and APEDA will host its link for exporters and importers from the EU market.A policy has been drawn up with the help of the Union agriculture ministry and Agricultural and Processed Food Products Export Development Authority to set up a chain of growers, processors and exporters. It will ensure that the vegetables grown in a developing country like India meet the quality norms set by the European Union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11969588", "title": "Business class gets rarer, pricier", "text": "MUMBAI: Kingfisher Airlines' erratic flight schedules, coupled with Jet Airways' foray into the low-cost model of flight operations, has left business class flyers scurrying for seats, especially on morning and evening peak period flights.\"For a business class passenger, the timing of the flight is very important. In the last few days, particularly after the Kingfisher flight cancellation crisis unfolded, the business class fare for prime time flights has risen greatly,\" said a travel agent requesting anonymity. \"It is difficult to get a last-minute business class ticket on Jet Airways during peak hours. And even if one gets a ticket, one has to pay the highest business class fare.\"The travel agent added that though business class seats are available on Kingfisher, \"there are barely any takers because of the uncertainty brought about by the latest flight cancellations\".He said that executives used to flying private airlines do not opt for Air India business class.On Monday, the cheapest business class fare available for a Tuesday morning flight on the Mumbai-Delhi route was Rs 23,300-on low-cost airline GoAir (departing at 6am and 7.50am). One-way business class fare on Jet Airways' 8am flight to Delhi was Rs 37,897 (all inclusive).The cheapest available business class ticket on Jet Airways on Tuesday was Rs 20,200, though it was for a Jet Konnect flight that departed from Mumbai at 2.25am. Of all major airlines, the cheapest business class ticket for Tuesday on the Mumbai-Delhi route was on GoAir-Rs 9,052-though only night flights were available.Similarly, on the one-hour long Mumbai-Ahmedabad route, business class fare for Jet Airways' 9am flight was Rs 20,900 while Jet Konnect had such tickets for Rs 10,700 on its 5.35am flight. Till about two weeks ago, Kingfisher Airlines operated a morning Mumbai-Ahmedabad flight. But it currently operates only a late night flight on this route.On the Mumbai-Delhi route, business class fares are divided into five \"buckets\", with the cheapest fare being Rs 20,200. The next bucket is Rs 24,400, then Rs 28,171, and then Rs 32,400. The highest price bucket is Rs 37,800. \"Since the demand has gone up, it is common now to see Jet Airways' business class tickets sell for the highest price,\" said an industry insider.The number of business class seats on domestic flights has decreased considerably over the last few years. The supply began dropping after Jet Airways embraced the low-cost model and converted a majority of its operations to Jet Konnect flights. The airline with largest market share-27.6%, including JetLite-Jet Airways started as a full-service airline, but at present sells about 75% of its seats at low-cost fares.\"The number of business class seats fell drastically on the routes that were given to Jet Konnect,\" said an agent. For instance, Mumbai-Hyderabad flights are now operated by Jet Konnect, which only has eight business class seats. In comparison, a regular Jet Airways flight has either 16 or 28 business class seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11971515", "title": "Mishaps before D-Day put students in a bind", "text": "MUMBAI: Puja Jadhav, who scored 92% in her Class X board exam, is now worried about achieving a similar feat in her HSC exam that starts on Tuesday.The student of Father Agnel School in Vashi was waiting on her father's bike near a book store when an unknown biker hit her on January 15. She was left with a fractured finger and toe.Though she will be given a writer, she is worried about not being able to score well. Jadhav said, \"I was discharged from the hospital just two days ago. I can sit and study for long hours, but there are a lot of apprehensions about writing the paper. Though I will be able to finish the paper with the help of a writer, I am worried about the mathematics paper. It involves a lot of calculation, where I might lose time in explaining to the writer. I am worried about not being able to complete the paper in time.\"Jadhav is hoping her plaster would be removed within a week and she would be able to write the remaining papers herself.Sudhakar Tiwari, a commerce student from Gautam College in Thane suffered a fracture while playing almost a month ago.His injured arm will take at least six months to recover, he says. \"Initially, I fell from a bicycle, it worsened when I participated in a cricket match on January 24. But I am confident of doing well in the papers,\" said Tiwari, who has met his writer.\"I applied for a writer when doctors told me the plaster would be removed after six weeks,\" he added.The Mumbai Divisional Board office receives many such requests from students at the eleventh hour.Students are usually asked to get a letter from their school/college, doctor's certificate explaining the medical condition and also a photograph.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11970180", "title": "Cops enlist private hostels for 'policing' after rape bid", "text": "PATNA: Parents of girls staying in city's private hostels must be a worried lot with two rape bid cases being reported from two hostels last week. But \"understaffed\" police would not offer much solace to them.SP (city) Kim has directed SHOs of all the police stations to prepare a list of the hostels running in their respective areas of jurisdiction. \"I have also asked them to include in the list details of the owners of the hostels,\" she said.Asked what purpose the list would serve, Kim said police stations so far did not know where and how many such hostels existed in their respective areas. With the staff at a police station knowing which hostel exists where, they can reach the spot fast as and when required, she said.The SP (city) replied in the negative when asked if police would also check the girls' hostels to know whether men - owners or their sons - have easy access to the girls by virtue of being residents of the same premises. There are not enough women cops to execute such a task, she said and added police take immediate action against culprits whenever a crime was reported from the hostels.On Thursday night, two rape attempts were allegedly made - one at Omkar Hostel at Naya Tola under the Kadamkuan police station area and the other at Umang Hostel in Fairfield Colony under the Digha police station area. Three persons, including the owner of a hostel, were arrested in connection with the incidents.There has been a mushroom growth of private lodges and hostels in the city. They offer accommodation to students, including girls, who hail from different parts of the state but wish to stay in Patna for higher studies or to prepare for various competitive examinations. These hostels are very congested with four to five inmates living in one room. A separate room comes at a premium.Patna DM Sanjay Kumar Singh said there was no provision for registration of such hostels. But police do take action on complaints of crime in these hostels, he said.Women's Development Corporation (WDC) is planning to open hostels for working women in a few cities, including Patna. But there is no plan as of now to open hostels for girls studying in coaching institutes, said WDC project director Irina Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11968826", "title": "Shortage of staff with SP (security)", "text": "PANAJI: The police brass has decided to build a picket in a residential complex in Tonca to post armed policemen 24x7 outside the flat of a State Human Rights Commission member. However, SP (security) is in a fix as they don't have enough men to be posted for armed security duty.The decision to build a picket on the road inside the Kamat complex area in Tonca was taken after SHRC member, Jagananth Keni, wrote to the police informing them that he resides in a flat and therefore doesn't have any space to place the armed guard. Then he suggested that the police build a picket on the road inside the complex area.\"IGP Sanjay Singh has issued instructions to SP (security) to build a picket as per the SHRC member's request. As there is not enough manpower with SP (security), he has requested SP (North) for the same,\" said police sources.Sources said that the newly-formed SHRC members had asked for police security akin to that provided to judges in the state. This request comes at a time when the short-staffed Goa police, in a security review committee meeting to look into the threat perception to politicians in the state, decided that the police security to MLAs and former ministers should be withdrawn as they have no threat perception as per the report prepared by the police and intelligence bureau. And the ministers should also be given only 'Y' security as there is no major threat to their lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11971267", "title": "Stolen chewing gum to Romania's aid", "text": "LONDON: Hundreds of pounds worth of chewing gum is being allegedly stolen from British supermarkets by organized gangs to use as currency in Romania , police said on Monday. Chewing gum and other small packets of sweets are commonly offered instead of small change by shopkeepers according to a police officer who has investigated the thefts.David Walton of West Mercia Police, said it was a growing problem for supermarkets across the Midlands and North Yorkshire, the BBC reported. On January 16, two Romanian nationals were jailed for stealing \u00a3800 worth of chewing gum from stores in Worcester the previous day.Worcester magistrates ordered Constantin Barbu, 31, and Bogan-Constantin Panait, 23, both from Hounslow in London , to spend seven days in prison after they pleaded guilty to stealing chewing gum from supermarkets . Walton said it was a \"widespread problem\" with the first case he became aware of happening in April 2011. \"They always have a vehicle outside, they never use public transport and they target stores on retail parks.\" He said Sainsburys and Asda stores had particularly been targeted in Shropshire along with a Morrison's store.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11970821", "title": "ATM robberies on the rise in the state", "text": "JAIPUR: Apparently enthusiastic after the Rs 26 lakh heist from an ATM in Madanganj-Kishangarh town of Ajmer district recently, miscreants seem to be on an ATM robbery in the state.On Saturday night, some youths thrashed an ATM guard in Banswara when they could not withdraw money. They then attempted to rob the ATM, damaged its gates and then fled. They are yet to be traced even as the bank has lodged a complaint with the police.On the same night, in Bikaner's Lunkaransar, some unidentified men tried to break open an ATM of SBBJ containing Rs 13 lakh. However, they had to escape after failing in their attempt.This was last in a series of half a dozen ATM robbery attempts in the past one month.In fact, coupled with apathy over security steps at these ATMs on part of the banks, the police's failure in cracking the theft attempt cases has become a great encouragement for the thieves.Owing to striking similarities between an unsuccessful theft bid at an ATM outlet here on February 9 and a successful heist of Rs 26 lakh from another ATM counter in Madanganj-Kishangarh on February 10, police said both incidents were committed by the same gang.\"Some unidentified men tried to melt the door of an ATM of SBI in Hasanpura area on Thursday night. Part of the machine caught fire following which the burglars had to stop mid-way and escape. The ATM contained about Rs 13 lakh. Police found two oxygen cylinders, four water bottles, three screw drivers and chilli powder from the ATM unit. Apparently they struck the next night in Ajmer and this time they managed to get away with Rs 26 lakh,\" assistant commissioner of police, Sadar, Bajrang Singh, said.After some men took away an entire ATM from Malviya Nagar area, the senior police officers in Jaipur had asked all the police stations to hold security review meetings with bank officials on a regular basis. If the banks cite any lacuna in the security, deployment of policemen from nearby police stations or police lines should be ensured to curb such incidents.\"We have regular security reviews with the bank authorities. But a majority of the bank officers told us that guarding the money was not in their priority since the entire amount is insured. In Jaipur, more than 70% of banks do not have CCTVs or safety alarms,\" said commissioner of police B L Soni.Soni added without the cooperation from the bank such incidents can't be curbed. \"In the Aatish market incident in which an entire ATM was uprooted and stolen, there was no night guard.\"Police officials said that the nationalized banks including SBI and SBBJ are most vulnerable to such attempts as no security arrangements are in place at their ATMs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11968615", "title": "Sex racket busted in Mira Rd, 2 held", "text": "MUMBAI: A 20-year-old girl was rescued and two persons were arrested for running a sex racket at Mira Road. One of the accused claimed to be a casting director for Hindi serials and films.Police raided the Geeta Ganga building in Mira Road and arrested Ashok Sharma (50), a real estate agent and Rohit Agarwal (28), a casting agent. A 20-year-old woman was allegedly lured into prostitution on the promise of making it big in Hindi serials and films.The victim (name withheld) who hails from a poor family in Mira Road told the police that she was approached by Agarwal who promised to launch her in serials. She was asked to come to the Geeta Ganga building where she was paraded before customers.The police seized a luxury car and motorbike from the two accused. The police also recovered incriminating CDs from the two. The police are ascertaining whether the two were involved in a sex racket. Agarwal and Sharma have been booked under sections 3, 4, 5 and 7 of the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act ( PITA). They have been remanded to police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11968911", "title": "State turns blind eye to custody deaths", "text": "MUMBAI: The state human rights commission (HRC) has come in for stringent criticism for its complete failure to dispose of custodial death cases in the last 10 years. As per HRC records, 506 custodial death cases were filed or referred to the commission between 2001 and 2011.The matter was brought to light by judge-turned activist V P Patil, who said the purpose of setting up the commission stood defeated. \"All custodial death cases were referred to a member who was a retired IPS officer. Since either jail or police officers are involved in custodial death cases, how can one expect justice from such a member? I feel such a member is bound to protect his colleagues.\"Patil invoked the RTI Act to obtain information on custodial death cases pending with HRC chairperson Justice Kshitij Vyas (a former chief justice of the Bombay High Court) and members Justice V G Munshi and former additional director general of police T Singarvel. While Singarvel's term expired on October 25, 2011, Justice Munshi's tenure ended last week.\"It was wrong on Singarvel's part to hear custodial death cases. In most of the cases, senior police officers were involved. Singarvel should have distanced himself from the hearings. It appears that not a single case was disposed of by him,\" Patil said.As per Patil's data, at the end of Singarvel's term, 3,023 human rights cases, including 506 of custodial death, were pending with him, 233 with Justice Vyas and 376 with Justice Munshi.Singarvel initially declined to comment, but later said that he was unable to dispose of the cases owing to inadequate infrastructure. When he took over as an HRC member in October 2006, 3,000 cases pending with his predecessor Vijay Chitnis were transferred to him. \"For long, I had no stenographer. I used to write orders by hand. When I was provided with a stenographer, he was on daily wage. Still, I have done justice to my job,\" he said.Meanwhile, a former member of the commission said, the government was not serious over the functioning of HRC. Singarwel and Munshi have retired, as a result, now there will be only person, Justice Vyas to run the commission. In fact, basic facts have been brought to the notice of both governor K Sankaranarayanan and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan by none other than the chairperson himself, but it appears that so far no steps have been taken to fill up the vacant posts,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11970629", "title": "Chemists sell drugs to peddlers over counter", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Pharmacists and salespersons of medical shops in the state seem to be playing a key role in increasing instances of substance abuse. The issue came to fore when the city police recently arrested a pharmacist K Unnikrishnan of Kottakkunnu, Malappuram, on charges of possessing 4,000 capsules of Nitrazepam and Spasmoproxyvon.Pharmacists have been found to sell large quantities of psychotropic substances that are usually used as medicines for treating psychiatric disorders without prescription to drug peddlers and conduits.The Kerala State Pharmacy Council, which cancelled the licence of Unnikrishnan, has found that in most cases pharmacists who engage in unlawful sale of drugs are those who do not renew their licence annually.The state has over 44,400 (Dec 2011) registered under the pharmacy council. But only 23,500 of them have renewed their licences. \"UnderKerala State Pharmacy Coun, they are to renew their licences every year,\" said K C Ajith Kumar , president of the pharmacy council. He said that the council is conducting awareness classes and registration renewal programmes across the state to sensitize pharmacists.Meanwhile, the pharmacy council has asked the state government and the drug control department to make it mandatory for the medical shops to appoint more than one licensed pharmacist.The move comes in the wake of incidents where unqualified salespersons work hand in glove with drug peddlers without the knowledge of the pharmacists in the medical shop. The duty time of pharmacists is eight hours whereas medical shops remain open for 12-24 hours a day. The pharmacy council has issued special circular asking medical shop owners to make registered pharmacists and unqualified salespersons aware of their duties. Cops too have started collecting details of medical shops which sell psychotropic medicines without prescriptions based on the recent developments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11971318", "title": "Younger crowd with buying power fits in with mall", "text": "PUNE: Avenues to shop in Pune yo-yo between traditional havens and the mall culture. The favourite haunts still are Tulsibaug, Fergusson College Road, MG Road, Koregaon Park and Laxmi Road, with younger people stepping into the malls that have begun to dot several areas.Respondents to the Times Of India-IMRB Quality Of Life survey conducted across eight cities gave Pune a score of 3 on a scale of 5, followed by Kolkata that trailed behind with 2.9.Real estate consultancy firm CB Richard Ellis (CBRE), in its 'India Retail Market View - First Half 2011', put Pune among the markets that have witnessed much expansion activity in the year. The other markets which have seen expansion in retail are National Capital Region, Bangalore, Mumbai and Chennai, the report said.However, the retail scene is changing. Deep Shekhar, manager (retail) CBRE, Pune, said, \"It is slowly picking up. A shopping mall must have a hyper market, a multiplex and some entertainment. From that per-spective, there was not a single shopping mall till a year back in Pune.\"On Pune's average scores on shopping options, Shekhar said, \"We do not have a shopping culture as yet. In Mumbai, Delhi or any other metro, organised retail is much more mature than the Pune market, which is still in the nascent stages. It will take many months for people here to get used to the mall culture.\"Retail sales and businesses in Pune are still low in comparison to Mumbai or Delhi. \"Premium brands are restricted to other metros. You see no luxury brands in Pune. The spending capacity is less than that noticed in Mumbai or Delhi,\" he added.His views are not across the board. Rajiv Malla, centre director, Phoenix Marketcity Pune, said the retail sector is booming in Pune. \"Today, Pune is not only one of the fastest growing cities in India, but also has a vibrant retail life.Previously, Puneites were considered traditional, conservative and price-conscious buyers who would shop at localities like Laxmi Road, seeking convenience. However, over the past couple of years, chang-ing lifestyle, higher disposable income coupled with greater affordability have brought about a sea change in Pune's consumer behavioural pattern,\" said Malla.Working couples, migrants, double income and no kid couples display an increasing appetite for big brands, he added.Pune-based fashion designer Nivedita Saboo talks about a lack of 'in-between' markets. \"One comes across as high-end fashion stock or that which is affordable, but does not match the desired quality and style. There should be options between these extremes. People in Pune have the money to spend, and it would help if they had more options,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11969965", "title": "Metro suicide disrupts services", "text": "KOLKATA: Metro Railway services between the Mahanyak Uttam Kumar and Maidan stations were disrupted for over 20 minutes on Monday morning after an unidentified man committed suicide at the Netaji Bhavan station. The man, in his late 50s, was clad in dhoti-kurta and carrying a bag. Metro authorities have were unable to ascertain his identity at the station and the body was handed over the body to the police.At 10.56am, when a Kavi Subhas-bound train was entering the Netaji Bhavan station, the man jumped in front. The motorman applied emergency brakes but the train smashed into the man and he collapsed face down on the tracks. After evacuating commuters, the rake was reversed and power to the third line switched off.\"He was lying face down on the tracks and we thought that he had lost consciousness. However, our doctor declared him dead. The impact had been too much for him. We removedThe body along with all belongings was handed it over to the policealong with all belongings. Normal train services resumed at 11.20am. Till then we ran truncated services between the Kavi Subhas and Mahanayak Uttam Kumar stations and the Dum Dum and Maidan stations,\" a Metro official said.This was the 232rd suicide bids on the Metro tracks since inception and the fifth death in 2012. While 118 of them died on the spot, the remaining were alive when station staff sent them for treatment. Monday's death was the fifth in 2012. The previous year was particularly bad for the Metro with 24 persons attempting suicide at stations.Officials in Kolkata want platform screen doors at stations. They have sent a proposal to the Railway Board asking for Rs 12 crore to install screen doors at three stations on a trial basis. Delhi has not paid heed to the proposal as a lot of fund will be required to cover all stations.\"We tried to impress upon people in Delhi that human lives are much more expensive. We also pointed out that normal schedules are disrupted every time a suicide occurs. But we haven't heard from the Board as yet. We shall forward the proposal again,\" another Metro official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "auraiya", "code": "11969465", "title": "MSY mocks at Maya\u2019s election promises", "text": "AURAIYA: Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav on Monday ridiculed chief minister Mayawati for promising a fearless society, alleging that a 1,900 incidents of rape had taken place in the state during BSP's tenure. \"BSP claims it has given 'bhay-mukt samaj' (fearless society) but the truth is different. There were 1,900 rapes during the Mayawati regime,\" Yadav said at a poll meeting.Addressing another meeting in Vidhuna, Mulayam said that the BSP rule had made politics a joke as it had not done a single work for the welfare of the people of the state except spending a whopping Rs 40,000 crore in installing statues of dalit leaders. \"The farmers are not getting remunerative prices of their produce, the common man is bearing the brunt of unprecedented price rise and rampant corruption while criminals and mafias are ruling the roost,\" he alleged.He has appealed to the people, particularly the youths, to come out in large numbers on the polling day and vote for the SP candidates. In Ramabai Nagar, Mulayam charged the BSP government of filing fake cases against the SP workers. \"If SP comes to power, the loans of farmers upto Rs 50,000 would be waived and government would provide free treatment to the poor people suffering from serious ailments,\" promised the SP chief. He said that the SP government had included 17 castes in scheduled caste (SC) category, but the BSP government cancelled the government order. He said that Kanya Vidyadhan Yojana, started by his government would be started again.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11970354", "title": "Body lies unattended on pavement for 9 hours", "text": "BANGALORE: A 34-year-old BBMP group D employee was on Sunday found dead under mysterious circumstances on a pavement near Dairy Circle on Hosur Road. The body, which bore injury marks, lay in a pool of blood unattended for about nine hours. It is not clear if the victim was alive when passersby first noticed him at 12.30pm.Police, however, said, \"The incident came to our notice when someone alerted us around 9.30pm.\"They said the deceased, M Raghu, a resident of Wilson Garden, was a drunkard. He might have tripped under the influence of alcohol and fallen on the footpath, suffering injuries in the process. He might have succumbed to the injuries when he lay unattended, they added.\"We found there were many injuries on the right side of his body. We suspect some vehicle knocked him down. But traffic police have not taken up any case and it was transferred to Mico Layout police station. We will come to know the exact reason for his death only after postmortem,\"K Venkatesh, a relative of Raghu, told The Times of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11972056", "title": "Pug marks confirm tiger in Saranda", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Speculation over the presence of the big cat in the Saranda forest was put to rest,when the Wildlife Institute of India, Dehradun , confirmed the presence of the tiger here recently. The divisional forest officer,K K Tiwary, however, clarified that the institute has not suggested the specific number of tigers. In its preliminary report, the institute confirmed the pug marks that were sent by the forest officials for examination last year.\"The preliminary report has confirmed the presence of a tiger in the Gua area of the forest cover but for further confirmation we need to have visual evidence,\" said Tiwary. In November last year, the forest department traced pug marks beside the carcass of a bison suggesting an attack by a tiger. Thereafter, the pug marks were collected using tracing paper and plaster of Paris and were sent to the Betla Project Tiger office for examination. \"Betla officials sent the pug marks to Dehradun, which examined the evidences and confirmed the pug marks,\" said Tiwary.Since then, the department has been on the lookout for evidence. \"The possibility of tigers straying into the West Singhbhum area from Simplipal cannot be ruled out. So we need visual evidence before we confirm their resident status,\" said Tiwary.He also said since November last there has been no report of animal casualty involving an attack by a tiger or tigress. Saranda, spread over 850 sq km, has about 1,000 cheetals, 300 sambars and 25 bisons, according to the last census. \"Till a few decades ago, there were tigers in Saranda but over the years their number has declined,\" said a forest conservator, adding, \"Saranda was home to wild boars, barking deer and antelope which suggest their predator's (tiger) presence nearby.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "11970049", "title": "Six polluting textile units demolished", "text": "ERODE: As many as six polluting textile dyeing units which were found to be unauthorised were demolished on Monday. Officials said 21 dyeing units had been listed for demolition and the stringent action against unauthorised units will continue.The action was taken by the pollution control board along with the TNEB. The polluting units were near the Erode railway station, Kollampalayam, Karungalpalayam and Rasampalayam and were identified for destruction as they were operating without proper consent from the government. They were also found to be polluting the Noyyal river basin. The orders to demolition came on the recommendation of the district coordination committee.The six units were demolished using earthmovers. Apart from the TNPCB and the TNEB, the income tax department also participated in the demolition efforts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11970798", "title": "Ishrat case: SIT, scientists differ", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The special investigation team (SIT) that probed the Ishrat Jahan encounter case refused to accept the conclusions of the Board of experts from Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL) and All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) on how the encounter took place.The board was formed by Gujarat high court on SIT's insistence, and the experts reconstructed the offence on the spot as per SIT's demand. Head of Forensic Medicine and Toxicology of AIIMS, Dr T D Dogra and chairman of CFSL Dr Rajinder Singh along with their sub-ordinates comprised the board and reconstructed the scene of offence. However, SIT had problems with the conclusions by Delhi experts, as they did not stand scientific scrutiny.In its report after reconstruction, CFSL gave a clean chit to Gujarat police by stating that the shoot-out was very much possible in the manner as narrated in the FIR and reconstructed by the cops in 2011.This alarmed SIT officials, and in its FIR lodged before the CBI as per HC order, SIT chairman - ADGP of CISF R R Verma not only expressed displeasure with the work carried out by experts, but also termed it as lacking scientific application. The experts were asked to reconstruct the scene and represent it through animation or graphics, and to clarify such doubts regarding opinion by experts from Gujarat. But Verma wrote, \"The board's work was not helpful because of lack of scientific application on many issues. They also could not prepare the animation.\"Verma counted the mistakes committed by the expert body from CFSL and AIIMS like deciding the position of alleged terrorist and Ishrat's accomplice Amjad Ali's. \"They wrongly stated that his body was 20 feet behind the Indica car, whereas records clearly mention it to be 12 feet, even though the correct position was mentioned before them,\" FIR reads.The most striking aspect mentioned by Verma is that the experts disregarded recorded position of cops involved in the shoot-out, and relied only on their improved positions. The board should not have believed the cops.Verma continues to nullify their conclusion one after the other with help of other expert bodies from an engineering college in Gujarat and by citing a research paper from University of California . SIT did not agree with their finding of dragging of the car after being hit by bullet in its left tyre towards right direction and hitting on road-divider. The FIR is reflective of the fact that SIT was upset with these experts' work which is why , who even concluded that the firing incident, bullet wounds on dead bodies, bullet marks on vehicles in the way they happened were possibleSIT got the reconstruction done thrice and the probe lasted for a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11968753", "title": "Bollywood actors procure software to beat online piracy", "text": "MUMBAI: Bollywood's combat of piracy has entered cyberspace. Actors Ashish Chowdhry and Ritiesh Deshmukh have taken the lead in providing the film industry with software that can curb online piracy. \"We have imported the software, which can scan websites showing pirated movies and block them,\" said Chowdhry.\"Salman Khan's film Dabangg fell prey to online pirates, thanks to its big star cast and huge demand. On the day of the film's release, 52,000 unique links were found, which took online users to 14,000 pirated movie sites. Reliance Entertainment deployed the online anti-piracy service and within hours 49,000 unique links were removed with almost 12,500 movies taken down,\" he said. \"The film experienced a 94% takedown efficiency rate. Thus, filmmakers can save Rs5-15 crore in case of any big film (being released).\"The film industry lost nearly Rs 5 billion to piracy in 2011. The success rate in curbing online piracy in case of films like Agneepath was about 84 per cent and Bodyguard was 91 per cent.Some of the other films that Deshmukh-Chowdhry have been able to control online piracy were Housefull, Raajneeti, Raavan, Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai, Dabangg, Tanu Weds Man, Shor-In The City, Pyaar Ka Punchnama, Bbuddah Hoga Tera Baap, Aarakshan, Bodyguard and Don-2.A producer needs to provide a sample of his product which helps in authenticating and tracing copies. Chowdhry said, this technology also help in controlling manufacturing of pirated DVDs of new films as we can get to the source.''The information and broadcasting ministry has asked multiplex owners to screen clips to educate their consumers to control he menace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11969637", "title": "UP CEO links poll stations with GIS", "text": "LUCKNOW: Voters who are still unsure about the location of their polling booths after the delimitation exercise can now refer to Google Maps for help. The UP CEO has started a google map-enabled search engine with which voters can now find out the name and location of their polling station. Speaking to TOI, Sinha said, \"This is a Geographical Information System-based initiative which will come in handy for those people who are new to a region. You can search for your name on the photo electoral roll, the location of the polling booth will also show up.\"The location of one's polling booth can be seen through www.ceouttarpradesh.nic.in.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11970235", "title": "State leads in implementation of SSA schemes, says study", "text": "But students in Kerala are academically brighterMANGALORE: A team of 160 school head teachers from Dakshina Kannada district, who were part of an inter-state study tour to Kerala, have observed that Karnataka is far ahead in implementation of schemes under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA).Teachers noted in their report submitted to Rashtriya Madhyamika Shikshana Abhiyan (RMSA) that brilliance level of students in Kerala is much better so is the salary of teachers there. The functioning of DEOs, BEOs, DIETs and BRCs in Kerala is on par with that of Karnataka. However, they pointed out some distinctive features that Kerala has urban resource centres (URC) to cater to the needs of education sector in villages, exclusive hostels for girls in coastal area, excellent infrastructure for computer education and has high standards of education.Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) assistant project co-ordinator K Geetha, who led the team, told TOI that they have visited schools, DEO and BEO offices, BRCs, DIETS and college of teachers education in Calicut and Kannur districts of Kerala. \"All the teachers were given observation charts to note changes in education modules here and there. Our team observed a very significant progress that Kerala has a very well developed computer education network in schools. Further, another important development we noticed there is the exclusive girls hostels maintained by the department of fisheries on the coast,\" she said, adding that those modules may be adopted in the state too. \"Primary school teachers in Kerala draw a monthly salary that is equivalent to the salary of officers in Karnataka,\" she added.All the 160 participants have submitted their individual observation charts, which will be sent to the office of the state project co-ordinator of RMSA, she said, adding: \"the RMSA state project office will consolidate the individual observations and chalk out plans to adopt suitable modules for Karnataka.\"They also studied the use of information and communication technologies, educom programmes, effect on use of computers on students, administrative mechanisms, syllabus, content improvement, teachers training programmes, analysis of SSLC results and management school dropout issue, she said. As per RMSA's scheme, 4,344 head teachers of different government schools in the state have visited Tamil Nadu , Andhra Pradesh , Kerala and Maharashtra. The central government has released Rs 65.16 lakh to the state for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "11971266", "title": "Parents, kids bond over bat and ball", "text": "DUGRI: Students of Bal Bharati Public School (BBPS), Dugri and their parents came together to play a friendly 20-20 cricket match organized by the school on Monday. The players were divided into two teams - BBPS Bulls and BBPS Lions - that struck an exciting match. The aim of the game was to promote cricket in the school as well as to help parents be involved in their child's activities.Each team comprised 16 players who were selected after screening but 11 players - eight parents and three students - played.After a rigorous practice for a fortnight, finally on Monday captains of the two teams, Vishal Mittal (BBPS Bulls) and Sanjeev Mittal (BBPS Lions), faced each other on the pitch for the toss. BBPS Lions won the toss and chose to field.BBPS Bulls team dressed in white and BBPS Lions team dressed in black reached the ground and captain set the field. The spectacular match of 20 overs was interspersed by dhol beats each time there a player hit a four or six or got out. The challengers set a target of 115 runs for BBPS Lions, which the later team scored in 13 overs only.Resident of Dugri parent Vishal said it was the first time he was playing and his son was on the stands watching him. \"We tried our best but the bowling was weak. It was just not our day. However, I don't think the important thing is winning but that children and parents get close to each other because of such efforts,'' he said.Sanjeev, also a resident of Dugri, said his team lived up to its name - Lions. \"Lions always win over bulls and so did we! I led a team after many years and my childhood memories were refreshed. The victory's credit goes to the entire team because each member put a lot of efforts. I only guided them along the way,'' said Sanjeev. Upnesh Arora, a parent, said he felt very proud when he was awarded the 'man of the match' prize. \"There were so many youngsters around me and it just felt amazing to get that award in front of everybody,'' he added.Model Town-resident Rajiv Kalra, who took the 'best bowler' prize said he is a pace bowler. \"I was amazed that even after so many years I had a swing in my bowling,'' he said. Best fielder of the day, Inderpal Singh Chawla of Harnam Nagar said though it was not a neck and neck match the enthusiasm was infectious. \"My best catch was when the ball was about 8 to 10 feet away from me and I jumped to grab it.''Class IX student Harjot Singh, who stays in Model Town, said it was a pleasure to play with people who are his father's age. \"Such experiences are uncommon and very exciting. It was wonderful to see the enthusiasm of the parents who were playing from both teams,'' said Aks Saggu, a student of class IX and resident of Dugri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11970481", "title": "OBCs' rights secure with BJP only: Babu Singh Kushwaha", "text": "KANPUR: Former BSP minister Babu Singh Kushwaha sought support and votes for the BJP candidates while addressing a gathering in Moti Lal Memorial Inter College in Kalyanpur locality on Monday evening.A 'pichara mahapanchayat' (meeting of backward classes) was convened in the day. Kushwaha said, \"The rights of the people belonging to backward classes are secure in the hands of BJP only. Congress, Samajwadi Party and BSP are trying to deprive OBCs of their 27% quota. This will be a loss to the OBCs and therefore, backward classes should be given extra quota out of the ambit of this 27%.\"The 'pichara mahapanchayat' had a slogan 'aarakshan bachao, aarakshan bhadao' (save quota, increase quota). Kushwaha said that if backward class would be given reservation within the 27% quota, the OBCs would be at a loss. Further speaking about his involvement in the NRHM scam, Kushwaha said that he was not involved in the scam and the BSP had made him a scapegoat despite him serving the party with full loyalty for 27 long years. \"I did not sign any file during my regime as a minister. The CBI has been looking into the NRHM scam. I am not involved in the scam and the BSP has stabbed me in the back,\" said Kushwaha.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11974554", "title": "\u2018Without the villain, there is no hero\u2019", "text": "M'wood's hot, young actors tend to be portrayed as villains onscreen... a fact that they are proud of tooShah Rukh Khan, Rajinikant, Chiranjeevi and our very own Mohanlal have one thing in common. They all began their onscreen careers as villains. That's one fact that would encourage the current crop of Mollywood actors who have recently kick-started their onscreen careers as villains. That these hunks also happen to ensure they stay fit at all times could help push their case further. But do they really want to make such a transition? We asked three of the hottest villains in Mollywood and were surprised with what they had to say...RAJEEV PILLAI: My only concern when it comes to signing up for films is that the role should be worth it. Characters are what stay on in the minds of people. As a model, staying fit has become a part of my life. Yes, I have only received offers to play the villain so far. It could have something to do with the fact that I work out regularly. So as long as there is a meaty role in the film, I am all for it.JIYAD IRANI: Mollywood actors generally tend to take it easy when it comes to working out. Most of the time, hectic schedules do not permit them to ensure they stick to exercise routines, workouts and diets. Things seem to have changed in other industries. Take Tamil, for instance. Actors like Suriya spend a lot of time working out. While it would be great if the trend could trickle down here as well, becoming a hero also means taking on a lot of responsibilities. If the film fails at the box office, the onus will fall on you.JOHN KOKKEN: I love playing the bad guy. Because he is the most important person in a story. Without the villain, there is no hero. That's how important we are. The onscreen image is different too. While it is better for a hero to pass off as someone ordinary, the villain, on the other hand, has to look stronger, better, hotter; yet manage to make the audience hate him. It's a challenge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "11970594", "title": "Father, brothers held for killing youth", "text": "MANDYA: A 23 year-old youth Basavaraju was allegedly murdered by his father Kempaiah and two elder brothers Kalyan and Devaraju in Banasavadi village of Malavalli taluk on Sunday night over a financial issue.Malavalli DySP Uttappa said the accused served a deathly blow on Basavaraju's head using a lethal object and later hanged him from the roof of the house. The brothers and father have been arrested. A case has been registered at the Halagur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11968548", "title": "Aligarh Muslim University's library out of bounds for undergraduate girls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Students of the Women's College in Aligarh Muslim University are waging a bitter struggle for a facility their counterparts in other institutions would take for granted-access to the university's central library.Now, in a concession to these undergraduate women students, AMU has decided provided them online access to the catalogue of books. The varsity says the girls can choose the books which would then be issued and delivered to them.The 100-year-old Women's College, a constituent of AMU-a central university which had built a reputation for an enlightened social outlook-is housed in the fortress-like enclosure of Abdullah Hall. Except for professional courses, this is the only college providing undergraduate education to women in the university.The women boarders of the hall are not allowed out of the college campus except on Sundays, so membership of the university library is ruled out for them. Even day scholars of the college are not allowed into the library, considered one of the best in Asia.A delegation of students recently made a representation to HRD minister Kapil Sibal alleging gender discrimination and demanded they be allowed to use the Maulana Azad Library, considered one of the best in Asia. Although the college has its own library, the central library is far better stocked.Politicians such as Brinda Karat have also taken up the issue with the ministry. Following letters sent by the central ministry, AMU decided to allow online access of the library's catalogue of books. It refuted charges of gender discrimination, saying postgraduate women students had access to the library.\"According to university officials, the rule is in place to avoid overcrowding of the library,\" an HRD official said. The official said the ministry did not wish to press the matter further as it \"respected the autonomy of the institution\".But teachers and students of the college leading the struggle trashed the \"overcrowding\" argument. \"One can go all the way to deliver the books to girls of Women's College but not let them visit the library on their own? If this is not discrimination then what is? Logistics can be managed if they really want to let girls access the library,\" said Shadab Bano, assistant professor of History at Women's College.Times View It is shocking that a place of learning as respected and well-established as Aligarh Muslim University should discriminate against female students in prohibiting them access to the library. The fact that it is a central university only makes it all the more unacceptable. The notion of segregating boys and girls in an institution of higher learning and that too in the place that is supposed to be the repository of knowledge - the library - has no place in a modern society and the government certainly should not be party to the continued existence of such practices. This should not be viewed as an issue of religious sensibilities but one of gender rights. The government should demand immediate access for all girl students to the library.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11969798", "title": "Chennai Police promise in court: Won\u2019t allow \u2018bus day\u2019 again", "text": "CHENNAI: The police crackdown on the so-called 'bus day' celebrations will continue, and all police personnel have been instructed to strictly implement the court-imposed ban on the menace in letter and spirit, the city police have told the Madras high court.A counter-affidavit, filed by Chennai police commissioner J K Tripathy in response to a batch of public interest petitions against the recent 'bus day' violence in the city, said chargesheet against 14 persons, including 12 Pachaiyappa's College students, will be filed shortly.\"The investigation is mostly complete. The final report will be filed in due course. The police risked their lives, rescued the general public, especially women and children, and made all efforts to bring the situation under control,\" Tripathy said, referring to the February 9 rampage by Pachaiyappa's College students.Noting that no reluctance or lenience is being shown by police towards students who indulge in unlawful activities, Tripathy said that all subordinate officers have been instructed to take necessary action against the violators.On his part, Pachaiyappa's College principal P Kandaswamy said the institution has so far expelled one student - T Ethiraj of second year economics - and suspended 11 others for their involvement in the violence which resulted in injuries to several bus commuters and damage to government as well as private vehicles. Even in 2011, one student - B Elumalai - was expelled from the college for a similar offence, the principal said.Kandaswamy said some outsiders were responsible for the violence. The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam later adjourned the matter to next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "11970853", "title": "Youth tortured by police, goes missing", "text": "BIKANER: Tension prevailed in Bikaner's Chhattargarh town on Monday when residents of nearby Mandi RD 465 village pelted stones at the police alleging that a Dalit youth was tortured at the police station here. The villagers said the police had taken a Dalit youth into custody on Friday night and he is missing since then. They fear he has been killed.The situation deteriorated when the villagers demonstrating at the police station were lathicharged. The demonstration continued till late Monday evening. At least three policemen and some villagers are believed to have sustained injuries in the clash.Hundreds of villagers under the leadership of former MLA Govind Meghwal were demonstrating by gheraoing the police station. Senior police officers including ASP (rural) Shri Kishan Meena reached the spot with a police team to control the situation. CO (Khajuwala) Babulal Bishnoi and SHO Chhattargarh Ishwari Prasad were kept as confined in the police station at RD 465 for around two hours.Addressing the villagers, Govind Meghwal said that late on Friday night, police arrested two brothers Kisanlal Meghwal and Nauranglal Meghwal for allegedly creating nuisance by consuming liquor. After keeping them in the police station throughout the night, Nauranglal Meghwal was released in the morning, but since then there is no information of his brother Kisanlal. Aggrieved family members and villagers have been regularly going to the police station, but police has not disclosed anything.Govind Meghwal alleged that on Monday when he went to the police station, the policemen on duty misbehaved with him and began lathicharge unnecessarily. Aggrieved and angered villagers started pelting stones.On the other hand, ASP (city) Satish Jangid, denying Meghwal's charges told TOI that the police arrested only Nauranglal Meghwal, who was released the next morning. Jangid said that ASP Shri Kishan Meena has been sent to RD 465 to probe the matter and control the situation.Shri Kishan Meena told TOI that constable Shaukat Ali and Subhash were deployed at the police post at RD 465 under Chhattargarh PS. During patrolling, they found four persons were consuming liquor at a canal's bank. The cops tried to warn and nab them, but three of them succeeded in running away. Only Nauranglal Meghwal was arrested by them and they took him to Chhattargarh hospital for medical examination. Nauranglal was released Saturday morning. ASP Meena denied charges of arresting Kisanlal Meghwal. He said that divers have been called to search the canal for Kisanlal Meghwal.Meanwhile, market and other institutes at RD 465 remained closed on Monday to protest against police's the brutal action on the agitating villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11968886", "title": "Degrees are at odds with seats in Thane civic body", "text": "THANE: Less than a fifth of the 130 corporators elected to the Thane municipal corporation are graduates, more than half non-matriculates and two unschooled.The educational details of 118 corporators were gathered from affidavits they submitted to polling officers. Among the few corporators with impressive academic qualifications are the NCP's Milind Patil (diploma in chemical engineering), his wife Manali (BSc in Agricutlure), the BJP's Milind Patankar (an electronic engineer) and the Shiv Sena's Vihang Sarnaik (a student of architecture).Also, a significant number of corporators are connected with construction and real estate businesses: 11 are builders, 8 building material suppliers (including three women) and 2 labour contractors; 1 is a painting contractor.Of the 65 women corporators, 43 are housewives.Of the 53 corporators belonging to the Shiv Sena , 19 are school dropouts, those failing class 10 number 12 and 13 have attended college and studied up to class 12; 11 have completed college and hold university degrees; one is illiterate.Some residents are concerned about the civic body's composition. Valley Towers resident Nandgopal Sankar said: \"If Thane is to be transformed into a world-class city, we would require a dynamic leadership, which can think global and act local.\"With a growing number of corporators in the new civic body lacking professional education, citizens here voiced concern about the new policy initiatives and development plans promised by all parties in their poll manifesto.It is unfortunate that most of the new corporators lack professional training but then voters have chosen their representative now and where is the point of complaining now.\"The NCP led by Jitendra Awhad, a management graudate and Sanjeev Naik, who is said to hold a post-graduate degree, has two cotporators who have not cleared their SSC exam. Of its total tally of 34 corporators, only nine hold a university degree, 10 are school drop outs and two have studied till Class 12.The education profile of the 18 corporators from the Congress party reveals that only three have cleared class 10, one of them was unable to clear his SSC and nine are school dropouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11971147", "title": "An emotional tribute to ghazal maestro Jagjit Singh", "text": "LUDHIANA: Dr Nupur Uppal, 24, is a big Jagjit Singh fan and had difficulty controlling emotions at a function organized as a musical tribute in the memory of legendary ghazal singer by the Dayanand Medical College &amp; Hospital in collaboration with Rotary Club Ludhiana Greater and Dhavani on Sunday evening.\"Late Jagjit Singh was the king of ghazals. I always love to listen to his songs, each of which is my favourite. I cannot figure out which one I like the most, says the doctor. Dr Nupur's father, Dr Sanjeev Uppal, was one of the organizers of the event and even sang a song \"Dhai din na jawani\". \"It was a treat to listen to his songs at the function. My father sang well even as other singers also did justice to the ghazals sung by Jagjit,\" said Dr Nupur. Emotions ran high among other fans of the singer too.Randhir Kanwal of Gurdev Nagar, Kulwant Singh of Industrial Area, R S Bawa of Agar Nagar and Dr Daljit Singh, Principal, DMCH, who sang \"jhuki jhuki si nazar\", were the main artists who sang Jagjit Singh's ghazals in the function, including \"Chithi na koi sandesh\", \"Babul moora sandesh naihar\", \"Punjabi Tappe\", \"Sarakti jaaye rukh se\", \"Hothoon se choo lo tum\", etc. The audience got nostalgic, remembering how the great singer lent his voice to the feelings of many millions of people.Rishi Nagar resident, Ashok Bhalla, former chief manager of an insurance company, said, \"Jagjit Singh may have died but his voice will live in the hearts of millions of ghazal lovers. Though I like each of his song, but \"Punabi tappe\" is my favourite. I thank the organizers for such an event.\"Praising the legendary singer, Dr Sanjeev Uppal, who sang Punjabi number \"Dhai din na jawani\" said, \"Credited with popularizing the ghazal genre and making it accessible to the masses, Jagjit Singh cut more than 40 private albums and sang for innumerable bollywood films, influencing an entire generation of music lovers.\"\"Stirring millions of hearts with his soulful numbers like 'Jhuki jhuki si nazar' and 'Kaagaz ki kashti', Jagit Singh infused a new life in the dying genre of music in the 70s and carved a niche for himself in Bollywood,\" said Randhir Kanwal, an artist who sang \"Sarakti jaaye hai rukh se naqaab\" and \"Hothon se choo lo tum.\"The function was presided over by the joint secretary of DMCH managing society, Rajesh Sood, along with Bipan Gupta, Nandini Gupta, managing members, former principal of DMCH, Dr L S Chawla, principal Dr Daljit Singh, medical superintendent Dr Ashwani Chaudhary and chief cardiologist Dr G S Wander. a??a?? shariq.majeed@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11970384", "title": "Homas, chants at temples of Lord Shiva", "text": "BANGALORE: The week started on a divine note as lakhs thronged temples of Lord Shiva from morning to midnight on Monday. People from all walks of life took part in day-long rituals of Rudrabhishekam by performing the Maha Sudarshan Kriya (bathing the 'lingam'). Homas, chants and devotional songs rent the air as devotees kept temple hopping through the evening. Many broke their day-long fast after offering prayers.Temples decorated the idol of Lord Shiva and the lingam. The oldest of them - Sree Gavi Gangadhareshwara Swamy temple in Gavipuram - had a number of rituals lined up from early Monday morning till Tuesday.Students of Brahma Kumaris Ishwariya Vishwa Vidyalaya celebrated the festival even as the institution completed 75 years.The 11.5-foot-long Ice lingam at Sumangali Seva Asharam in Hebbal attracted thousands of devotees from Friday afternoon itself.In Basavanagudi, a 20-feet idol was unveiled and 7,500 litres of Gangajal distributed among devotees. Mahaganapathy Temple in Malleswaram decorated the lingam with 1 lakh pearls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11970229", "title": "NMP records big leap in cargo traffic", "text": "MANGALORE: New Mangalore Port has recorded big leap in container handling due to increased movement of cargo from the hinterland.During the current fiscal year, the port has already crossed last year's container traffic of 40,158 TEUs. With more than a month left for closure of the current fiscal, it is expected to handle around 45,000 TEUs. There is substantial increase in handling of cargoes like coffee, reefer cargo, cashew kernels, machinery, chemicals, etc.As part of introducing new safe handling methods, the Port has made a breakthrough by inducting grab operation for timber logs handling. This system of handling timber was successfully carried out in the vessel M V Inalco Brave which called on the Port on February 2 carrying 5,621 pieces of Myanmar teakwood (3,921 tonnes). The entire consignment was unloaded safely with 50% increased productivity, a press release stated.This system has been recommended by the directorate general, Factory Advice and Labour Institutes, which is the official body for safety in the cargo handling operation in ports. M/s Delta Infralogistics Ltd was the stevedores of the vessel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11974136", "title": "Karan Johar\u2019s Kashmiri gift", "text": "Pleased with the success of Agneepath and Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu, Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Karan Johar has decided to gift the debutante directors, Karan Malhotra and Shakun Batra, a vacation in Kashmir.Karan will also be present for shooting Student Of The Year (SOTY).A source close to the production house told Mirror, \"Karan felt that the directors rightfully deserved a vacation. Both Karan Malhotra and Shakun Batra had been working day in and out on their respective films, without taking any days off. Their hard work should be rewarded. Karan has definitely planned a big film for them in the near future but for the time being, it is this small vacation for them to unwind. They will be leaving for Kashmir on Tuesday. Though they will be in Kashmir for a week, they won't be on the sets of SOTY.\"We hope more producers reward their directors in similar fashion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11971422", "title": "'Dumroo' to start off Punjabi play festival from Feb 27", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It's time for city residents to get ready for yet another theatre festival, TFT Basant Theatre Festival, starting from February 27 onwards at Punjab Kala Bhawan in Sector 16, Chandigarh. This time it will be a Punjabi treat for city theatre lovers as the four-day festival will bring Punjabi plays from Bathinda, Amritsar, Abohar and Chandigarh.Sudensh Sharma, founder director Theatre for Theatre (TFT) cum organizer of the festival, said, \"This festival will be organized for the second time this year. In the last festival all plays staged were in Hindi, but this time we are bringing all Punjabi plays.\"The festival will begin on February 27 with the play, \"Dumroo\". The play has been written by Baldev Gill and directed by Anita Devgan of Theatre Person Group. This play brings forward the position of a woman in the society and highlights the struggle made by her to save herself from rejection, discrimination and disappointment at every phase of her life.Next in line would be a play revealing different faces of human beings. Scheduled for February 28, the play, \"Chehre\" tries to highlight how all human beings are double-faced and wear masks according to situations for solving their own selfish purpose. Starting from the faces of common man to that of politicians and businessmen, the play exposes them all. The play has been written by Dr Shankar Shesh and will be staged under the direction of Sharma.On February 29, play \"Dastak Hon Ton Pehla\" written by Pali Bhupinder and directed by Kirti Kirpal of Natayam Sanstha from Bathinda would be staged. The play highlights how the suffering and sadness never leaves women no matter what role she plays in life. Be it that of a sister, wife, friend or a mother, she has to face pain. \"Even when men fight for religious purpose on border or for any other issues, it is the women who suffers for the entire life and this is what we will showcase in our play,\" said Kirpal. Last in the row would be \"Jinney Jhalley Mere Palley\" which will be staged on March 1. The play has been written and directed by Gaurav Vij of Adakaar Cultural Society from Abohar. It's a full length comedy play.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "taleigao", "code": "11968981", "title": "Can Jennifer retain hubby Babush\u2019s Taleigao applecart?", "text": "TALEIGAO: Among the urbanized areas of the state, Taleigao constituency promises a keen electoral battle with all the major contestants being novice candidates.In the 2007 assembly elections, six candidates had contested the polls from the constituency. Incumbent MLA Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate who was initially the Congress candidate for the constituency, ditched the party at the last minute and contested the elections on a United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP) ticket leaving the Congress without a candidate. Monserrate's victory margin was 4,022 votes.This time around, as Monserrate is contesting from St Cruz constituency, his wife Jennifer-who also happens to be the sarpanch of the Taleigao panchayat-is the Congress candidate.With Monserrate having a strong hold on the constituency, Jennifer is seen by many as a frontrunner for the seat.Her main challenger is the BJP's Dattaprasad Naik, who is the general secretary of the party's youth wing-BJYM.Naik is working hard to wrest the seat. His efforts have led to the deletion of around 3,000-odd dubious voter names from the constituency's electoral roll, including many migrants who usually form vote-banks for politicians.Though the constituency boasts of wide roads and paved footpaths, this \"superficial and cosmetic development\", as Xavier Almeida, president of the Progressive Farmers Club of Taleigao terms it, has brought along ills that will have lasting consequences.The fertile fields of Taleigao that produce both paddy and vegetables are rapidly making way for high-rise buildings and mega-building complexes.There is a sizeable section of the population which is loath to Monserrate's developmental policies and most other candidates are highlighting this aspect.Naik told TOI, \"People of Taleigao have realized it is not only money during elections but performance of the MLA that matters. Babush has been an MLA for 10 years. The only development he has done is converting of fields.\"\"Constructing buildings and roads is not development,\" said the BJP candidate.Quizzed about this, Atanasio says, \"Can I stop the development? What role do I play in that? We shouldn't blame the elected representatives for it. What people do with their property is up to them.\"Ask him why he is contesting from neighbouring St Cruz and he replies, \"We had applied for Congress tickets in both places. Since I was nominated in St Cruz, I am contesting there.\"\"My wife got almost 6,000 votes (in the 2007 assembly elections) in St Cruz constituency despite it being the first time she was contesting, which in itself is an achievement,\" he says. \"She is the sarpanch from Taleigao and has been elected here,\" he adds.Naik-who claims to have been working in the constituency for the past one year-promises to generate jobs for the youth by starting the IT Habitat; offer proper sewerage and water connections; boost farming and fishing sectors; offer proper garbage management and set up a primary health centre in Taleigao.For Annabelle Pereira, who is contesting on the Goa Su-Raj Party banner, corruption and exploitation of the peasants, tribals and downtrodden are the major issues in the constituency. She says she is concerned about the youth in the constituency and hopes to help them find jobs.Pereira is looking to corner votes from residents in the Dona Paula part of the constituency as well as those of the \"educated middle class\".Other candidates in the fray are Natty Po (Samajwadi Janata Party), Sanjay Korgaonkar (independent) and Vasudev Sharma (independent).The constituency has 25,914 voters of which 12,855 are male and 13,059 female. There are 15,500 Hindus; 7,500 Christians and 2,100 Muslims in the constituency. There will be 15 polling stations this year down from 25 in 2007 owing to the delimitation exercise.Almeida, who had declared his intention to contest the polls but then backed out in support of the BJP candidate, explains, \"The BJP has a fixed vote-bank. From the feedback we got if we join forces then we will be able to unseat the MLA.\"He adds, \"The BJP has given us assurances that it will support the Progressive Farmers Club and stop all constructions in fields.\"He claims the club wields considerable influence among farmers and tribals and also the Christian population of the constituency and will actively campaign for Naik.Jennifer Monserrate remained unavailable for comment.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11969264", "title": "17 minors rescued from Delhi brothels", "text": "NEW DELHI: In one of its biggest crackdowns on Delhi's red light district, 72 sex workers, including 17 minors, were rescued from G B Road by the Andhra Pradesh Police in a joint operation with the Delhi Police on Monday morning.The action came after Andhra Pradesh Police began investigations into a series of complaints from families in the state who claimed their minor daughters had gone missing.Police managed to zero in on certain brothels on GB road, also known as Swami Shradhanand Marg, after receiving information from a 19-year-old girl who had managed to escape from one of the brothels and return to her home town in Andhra Pradesh. The minor girls were sent for a medical examination to Lok Nayak Hospital on Monday evening. According to NGO Shakti Vahani, who were asked by the police to counsel the rescued sex workers, most of the victims were brought to the city on the pretext of marriage.\"Most of the women confessed that they had eloped with their lovers and wanted to marry them. However, they were sold to brothels in the city. Shockingly, we noticed that almost 80 per cent of the women had eloped with men named 'Raju' which hints at a deep-rooted nexus between pimps across the country,\" said Subir Roy, director programmes at Shakti Vahani.Sources in the local police confirmed that most rescued women state in FIRs that they had been sold to brothels by a man named \"Raju.\"\"Although our investigations are still at a preliminary stage we have found that adopting the name \"Raju\" is part of the modus operandi of pimps and traffickers across the country. It also suggests that they are all interconnected,\" said a police officer who did not wish to be quoted.Recent data collected by another local NGO Bhartiya Patiti Udhar Sabha claimed that Delhi has 4,500 sex workers living at 108 brothels. These brothels adhere to a strict hierarchy.While \"managers\" are usually male members involved in trafficking and getting clients, \"nayeekas\" are senior sex workers who look after the day-to-day assignments of \"lochees\" and take a commission for every customer but rarely entertain customers themselves. Lochees reportedly are 'bonded girls' who serve customers in return for food and shelter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11970646", "title": "Doctors discuss ways to reduce cost of neuro treatment", "text": "KANPUR: The experts of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College (GSVM) discussed various ways to reduce the treatment cost of neurological disorders in a workshop-cum-CME organised at the medicine department of Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital on Monday.The medical college professors focused on issues like awareness and education to reduce the expectancy and cost of neurological disorders in Indian people.Dr Navneet Kumar, head of department (medicine) at GSVM said the burden of neurological disorders in the country was rapidly growing and basic scientists could help in controlling it. \"Organising slide shows in rural areas, educating the village people and making locals aware of neurological disorders is the only way to curb the same. Also, if doctors focus on low treatment cost and extra expenses of tests, this problem will surely reduce,\" said Dr Navneet Kumar.As per the recent report of the World Health Organisation (WHO), 40% of people in India take loan for the treatment of their neurological problems. Also, 20% patients are dependent on medical insurances for their treatment. More than 20% patients go bankrupt while getting treated for brain diseases.\"In India, one death is occurring every minute with neurological disorders, while the total treatment cost of neurological patients annually in the country is nearly Rs 1 lack crore. Also, approximately 10 lakh people die in the country of brain disorders every year,\" informed Dr Navneet Kumar.While listing the deadly neurological diseases, the expert informed that chromatic brain disorders occurred after accidents while epilepsy, vertigo, brain stroke, migraine and other brain infections ranked on lower levels. The expert also informed that health experts must adopt Trans-Cranial Doppler (TCD) monitoring to get a cue about brain disfunctioning.\"This monitoring also promises to give a better stock of warning signals for host of other complications including hypertension, increased BP apart from cardiovascular diseases,\" added Dr Kumar. This technique also promises to cut down the extravagant cost of various tests. As, the simple test conducted through the technique may be enough to ascertain a wide ranging complications.The expert also focused on interdisciplinary approach towards science, medicine and engineering in neurological disorders. All these can make a world of difference in brain research besides creating better understanding and treatment of brain disorders.Dr JS Kushwaha, another expert of medical college while discussing about ayurvedic approach to mental healthcare, said age-old traditional medicine system had the capability to cure most brain disorders. \"People must be observant and patient to deal with brain and neurological disorders. Unlike other diseases, even brain diseases, can be fully treated with ayurvedic therapies without leaving any side-effects,\" added Dr Kushwaha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11968355", "title": "UAE nationality eludes city\u2019s forsaken Arab children", "text": "HYDERABAD: Unlike many Arabs who marry Hyderabadi women and abandon them soon after, Abdullah Rashid Al Bait is fighting a long-drawn battle to take his city-based family with him to the Emirates. Sixteen years and three kids later, he is still left wondering if his dream of living with his family in the UAE would ever materialise.\"I want to take my wife and children to the UAE. I had submitted all the documents, including certificate proving my paternity of the kids. But there has been no response. As my family is forced to live here, I have to fly to Hyderabad frequently to be with them,\" he laments.Civil society activists working with individuals like Rashid say that there are several persons living in the city born from marriages between UAE men and poor Hyderabadi women. These persons yearn for a UAE citizenship as it is a certain gateway to an improved life. But owing to unexplained delay on part of UAE officials to naturalize them, they say that they are stuck in the city, often fighting for survival.Naseer Jamal Mohammed hopes that a lucrative job in the Arab nation will come his way to alleviate the poverty he and his mother are facing. Born of a UAE father and a Hyderabadi mother, he is struggling to make a living. \"I have not seen my father until this day. I am a daily wage earner here, supporting my mother. But I could get a better job in Dubai or Sharjah as there are more opportunities there. Authorities at the Emirates consulate in Mumbai promised to get back to me in two months after DNA testing established that I am the son of my Emirati father in 2009 but I am yet to hear from them,\" he said.Children of UAE nationals whose mothers belong to other nationalities are eligible for UAE citizenship, if paternity is proved. Experts on foreign affairs say that this order was passed during the reign of Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, the first president of the UAE. The Emirates government intensified its efforts from 2008 to identify such individuals in India. \"A delegation was sent to Hyderabad in 2009 and DNA tests were done on individuals who submitted documents claiming to be children of the UAE nationals. But after 2009 there has been no progress in these cases at all,\" said an expert. Like Rashid, Ali Rahabi's father in Dubai has been trying to get him a UAE citizenship from 2004. Rahabi, a 26-year-old from the city, says, \"I have received no communication from the UAE consulate despite providing documents proving my connection with my father.\"The story of Yakub Ali Ahmed and his four brothers is only slightly different. Unlike in the case of Naseer, his father did not desert his family. Says Yakub, \"My father had registered my mother and children as his family in Dubai. So the UAE government was giving each of us monthly financial assistance on the lines of a pension since our birth. This continued even after my father's death. But in 1996, when the UAE government wanted beneficiaries of the pension scheme to be present physically, we started having trouble from our step-brothers there. They wanted to identify themselves as sole heirs to my father's property and thus destroyed documents of our registration in their possession.\"Individuals like Naseer and Yakub say that besides the certainty of a good future, citizenship is their right. \"Our fathers are citizens of the UAE. So we should be considered citizens of that country. The officials of Emirates foreign affairs are dilly-dallying and postponing the proceedings, without giving us any concrete reasons for the delay,\" they said.A source acquainted with affairs of the foreign ministry of the UAE government hinted that the delay was likely due to the large number of children of UAE nationals scattered in different countries. \"Emirates officials had passed an order in 2010 to naturalize persons from nine countries besides India. The large number of applications received is likely to be the cause for delay,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11971033", "title": "Government nod to IMC area expansion", "text": "INDORE: After dillydallying for months, the state government has issued a notification for inclusion of 29 villages in the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) on Friday. The notification has been published in the state gazette.The objections over the villages' inclusion can be raised till March 17. After that, a committee headed by District Collector Raghvendra Singh, will take up objections. The administration has also decided to prepare and print a new city map.The file related to expansion of city limits was pending with the state government for quite sometime. Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe had met chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on February 15 and raised the issue following which instructions were given to the local administration to issue the notification to this effect.\"We want to complete the entire process about expansion of the city limits this financial year so that a proper planning for the development of the new area can be done properly,\" Moghe said, adding that it would help planed development of the city.A civic official, preferring anonymity said now the process of redrawing maps of municipal wards would also be initiated. After the inclusion of 29 villages, the area of municipal corporation would increase from the existing 131.17 square km to 278.31 square km but the number of wards will remain more or less same.As per rule, the number of wards cannot go beyond 70, right now the IMC has 69 wards.There will be an increase of only one ward, but the population and area of city will be almost double. \"New wards will have more population and bigger in area,\" civic official said, adding that this would increase the work of civic body. However, officials believe that with the implementation of the new set up plan, the number of civic staff will increased by three times, the civic body will be in better position to take care of the civic needs of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11970060", "title": "Student thrashed over loudspeaker protest", "text": "KOLKATA: Tahera Yasmin, 15, was set to appear in the Madhyamik examination this year. She was studying hard to fare well in her first board exam. But now uncertainty looms over her appearing in Madhyamik. With three days to go for the exam, she is now undergoing treatment at Diamond Harbour subdivisional hospital.What landed her on the hospital bed? She was banged against a lamp post for pleading with her neighbour to tone down the loudspeaker he was playing.On Sunday evening, Tahera, a student of Janakalyan Balika Vidyalaya (Mathur) School, was studying at her Simla, Ramnagar residence when her neighbour played the loudspeaker in a nearby tailor's shop. Tahera requested shopowner Machnami to decrease the volume as the sound was disturbing her studies. When Machnami did not heed her request, she again went to his shop with the same request.However, Tahera's insistence did not go down well with Machnami and his son Morsalem. The father-son duo then allegedly began beating her and banged the girl's head on a lamp post. Badly injured, Tahera was first rushed to Sarisha block hospital and later shifted to Diamond Harbour subdivisional hospital. Doctors said the girl needs a CT scan.The hospital authorities said they will make all arrangements to assure that the girl can give her examination from the hospital, if required. Madhyamik starts from February 24 this year.South 24-Parganas additional superintendent of police Kankanprasad Barui said a problem was on between them for quite some time over this issue and the police will take necessary action.Kolkata: Madhyamik examinee Tahera Yasmin, 15, humbly requested a father-son duo to tone down the volume of a loudspeaker as it was disturbing her studies. Both father and son were so enraged at the request that they allegedly banged Tahera's head against a lamppost, severely injuring her. The incident happened on Sunday night at Simla, Ramnagar in South 24 Parganas. The girl has been admitted to Diamond Harbour Hospital.On Sunday evening, Yasmin, a class X student of Janakalyan Balika Vidyalaya (Mathur) School was studying when the loudspeaker played from a tailor's shop. Tahera requested shop owner Machnami to tone down the volume as her Madhaymik examination, pleading with him that the sound was disturbing her studies. When Machnani did not heed her request, she again went to his shop located only a few steps from her house. An enraged Machnani and his son Morsalem allegedly began beating her and then banged the girl's head on a lamppost. Badly injured, Yasmin was first rushed to Sarisha block hospital and later shifted to Diamond Harbour sub divisional hospital.Doctors have said that the girl needs a CT scan on her head. The hospital authorities said with the Madhyamik examination starting on February 24, they will make all arrangements to assure that the girl can give her examination from the hospital, if required.South 24 Parganas additional superintendent of police Kankanprasad Barui said a problem was on between them for quite some time over this issue and the police will take necessary action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11972031", "title": "'Abducted' girl found with friend", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The district police on Monday found the missing convent student from bordering Narayanpur area in Odisha. The Class IX student of Sacred Heart Convent School, who was missing since February 15, was traced along with her alleged boyfriend Rahul Nag.\"The girl has confessed that she eloped with her boyfriend. However, she will be sent for medical examination and will be produced before the magistrate,\" said city police superintendent Ajay Linda. The SP said the 20-year-old accused had been arrested. The girl's father James Paul , a resident of Birsanagar, had lodged a complaint with Bistupur police on February 15 accusing the boy, his brother Kunal Nag and father Sonaram Nag of allegedly abducting his daughter. The accused boy is a former neighbour of the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11970983", "title": "Bollywood film shoots in city delayed", "text": "BHOPAL: Movie buffs in the city, eager to have a glimpse of their favourite Bollywood stars in real life might have to wait longer. This year's much-anticipated Bollywood film shoots in and around the state capital have been deferred, awaiting confirmations and clearances.\"I am busy in discussions and when something concrete happens I would inform accordingly,\" said Prakash Jha whose proposed productions have been delayed. Jha's production Chakravyuh is awaiting clearance from the government and eventually the cost-economics of producing in a wildlife reserve. The film, said to be about Maoist menace, has a star cast including Abhishek Bachchan, Manoj Bajpai and Arjun Rampal.Sources claim that Jha's choice for a national park for his film shoot was always going to be a tough one to pursue. \"Due to past experiences during film shoots in national park as a choice was never a great idea to start with,\" said a film resource person, speaking on condition of anonymity.Sources said that even as the government deliberates on Jha's request for shooting in a national park, an alternative forest area in Chhindwara, is being considered. The forest area is not designated as a wildlife reserve. Initially, majority of the film shoot was planned in Pachmarhi.Another film, lined up for an early spring shoot, was a Salman Khan starrer Daabang-II. After a recce in December, its producer and director, Arbaaz Khan, had fixed dates for the shoot around late February but it has been indefinitely postponed.Besides, filming in Bhopal, Arbaaz Khan had shown interest in location shoots in Bhimbekta and Delawadi, 45 and 62 km away from Bhopal respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11970233", "title": "Six arrested for stealing bank drafts", "text": "PATNA: A joint police team of West Champaran and Vaishali districts carried out raids at different places at Hajipur and adjoining Sonepur and arrested six persons on the charge of purchasing building materials using stolen bank drafts.Hajipur Town police station, Vaishali, SHO K M Gupta said that a Mufassil police team from Bettiah led by its SHO Priya Ranjan reached Hajipur and sought assistance in carrying out raids. He said that a joint police team carried out raids at Jauhari Bazaar and Anwarpur Chowk localities at Hajipur and arrested two persons from there. The SHO said that raids were also carried out at Hajipur railway station and Masjid Chowk and three persons were arrested from there. Apart from that, raid was also carried out in adjoining Sonepur in Saran district from where the police team arrested one person. \"The West Champaran police team returned to Bettiah with the arrested persons,\" he added.SDPO, Sadar, Bettiah, Sharad Kumar said that some people had stolen a booklet having 50 bank drafts from a bank in Midnapore district in West Bengal last year and were purchasing sand, iron rods and other building materials using the stolen bank drafts. He said that they then used to sell building construction materials and sold them. The SDPO said that members of the group operated in different cities of Bihar and Jharkhand. He said that they had purchased iron rods worth Rs 6.50 lakh from a shop at Bettiah. He said that as show owner Sanjay Mishra went to encash the draft, the bank officials found no amount deposited in the bank against the draft.Mishra immediately lodged an FIR with the Mufassil police station in Bettiah, the SDPO said and added that during investigation, the local police tracked the locations of the accused's cellphones and arrested them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11971194", "title": "Congress plans to go back to rural Raj", "text": "JAIPUR: The Congress leaders may be wracking the brains over the party's losses and gains in the state in the last three years, but the party think tank has other plans.From Tuesday, the ministers and the office bearers will begin a three-day tour of all districts to mobilise rural voters keeping the assembly elections in mind. Union minister and Congress affairs in-charge in Rajasthan, Mukul Wasnik, too would be participating in the political functions organised to publicise the ruling party's flagship programmes and welfare schemes like the Rajasthan Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojana, Mukhya Mantri Gramin BPL Awas Yojana, free generic medicines schemes, Rajasthan Guaranteed Delivery of Public Services Act-2011, among others.Wasnik, along with chief minister Ashok Gehlot and Congress state president Chandrabhan, would be attending the function in Ajmer's Kekri assembly constituency represented by Congress chief whip Raghu Sharma. Chandrabhan had to clarify his statement on the party's bleak chances in the next polls, after Sharma countered that the Congress was still going strong in the state.The disgruntlement within the party vis-a-vis the ministers had grown to such an extent that it was beginning to threaten the party's future prospects in the state. Chief minister Gehlot finally intervened and organised a joint meeting of ministers and Congress leaders last week to hammer out their differences before the three-day event from February 21 to 23. Gehlot had to state that all the government welfare schemes without the ruling party's grassroots workers being actively involved.In a first of its kind initiative, the ministers would be visiting different districts put under their jurisdiction and collect the ground-level feedback about the execution of the government's flagship programmes and schemes. The CM will also visit different places and interact with the people to get first hand account on the execution of welfare schemes launched.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11974884", "title": "Chennai goes to Oscars", "text": "Movie buffs in the city are getting ready to catch up on their favourite films and root for their chosen stars at this year's Academy AwardsYes, it's that time of the year again. Bring out the pop corn, pump up the volume and get set for the biggest night in showbiz. The 84th Annual Academy Awards is less than a week away and Chennai is bracing itself to root for some of its favourite Hollywood stars in their moment of glory.Folks have already started preparing for the cinematic extravaganza in a big way - whether it is last moment catching up on the films nominated, gathering pals from the neighbourhood to join in for the early morning festivities, or even calling in late for work, Chennaiites seem to have their work cut out for them. Just ask Mithun T, a game designer, who plans to set his alarm clock an hour and a half in advance to catch the action from the very first second.He beams, \"It's an annual ritual, the only day in the entire year when I wake up at 5 am. I don't want to be bogged down by any ordinary chores on the day of Oscars. So, I intend to finish off everything beforehand and catch the ceremony in the comfort of my home. I'll probably ask a few of my friends to come over the night before so we can all watch it at breakfast and head off to work after the show.\"Others who have resisted the temptation of downloading movies up for the golden statuette this year are rubbing their hands in glee as theatres in Chennai will be dishing out not one, but three, hot contenders in the multiplexes this week. Debjani Sarkar, an architect, can barely contain her giddy-with-excitement voice as she says, \"I wanted to watch Moneyball for God alone knows how long. And to my surprise, a few films that I thought wouldn't make it on time before the awards are actually coming to Chennai this week. I have already told my movie buff friends to keep themselves free for Brad Pitt, The Artist and My Week With Marilyn. It's going to be a jampacked weekend, but I will catch my reruns, come hell or high water.\"However, there's also a legion of cinephiles that's catching the action for purely utilitarian reasons. Varun Jain aka Mojorant, an entrepreneur remarks, \"The Oscars invite ridicule with every passing year. I have watched the entire selection of nominees this year and I am thoroughly disappointed. The films and talents that have been snubbed paint a very atrocious picture. Masterpieces like Drive, The Skin I Live In, 50/50 and actors like Michael Fassbender, Tilda Swinton and Michael Shannon have been completely ignored. The Academy has opted for heartthrobs, star power and glamour rather than great, path breaking works by some phenomenally talented people. I am just watching it as an exercise in populist celebration of celluloid - nothing more.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11969800", "title": "Govt may allow residential projects along expressways", "text": "NEW DELHI: The highways ministry is considering to link the development of capital intensive expressway projects with real estate development in their vicinity. The ministry has mooted the proposal to allow residential and commercial complexes to come up close to the expressway alignment and the first such model could be tried on the Delhi-Jaipur stretch.However, while government will acquire the land for construction of expressways and allied facilities along the stretches, private players will have to get land in the vicinity for real estate projects. Government estimates suggest that construction of expressways would cost between Rs 40 crore and Rs 50 crore per kilometer.The ministry put these proposals before top highway developers at a meeting held recently in the capital to push the greenfield expressway between Delhi and Jaipur. This stretch is likely to be a 230-km expressway and would be completely access controlled. A similar model is being tried by Uttar Pradesh government in the case of Yamuna expressway connecting Greater Noida with Agra.Sources said that considering the high potential of real estate sector in the national capital region (NCR) to generate revenue, this model could work. The ministry had been mulling over the idea to provide access to residential and commercial complexes along the proposed alignment to push economic development in adjacent areas.The government has approved the construction of 1,000km expressway under NH Development Programme-VI. These include Vadodara-Mumbai (400km), Delhi-Meerut (66km), Kolkata-Dhanbad (277km) and Bangalore-Chennai (334km). In the 12th Five Year Plan (2012-17), the ministry plans to construct another 500km expressway which includes the Delhi-Jaipur stretch.Out of this 500km, 200km expressway would be built using budgetary support and another 300 km on public private partnership ( PPP) mode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11971179", "title": "Around the world", "text": "Nasheed's party rules out joining new governmentOusted president Mohamed Nasheed's Maldivian Democratic Party on Monday ruled out any participation in the new unity government but offered to join conditional talks with the new president to end the political crisis.Suu Kyi's party fears polls may not be fairThe party of Aung San Suu Kyi complained on Monday about attempts to stifle its campaign for April parliamentary by-elections . The National League for Democracy , which boycotted the 2010 election, said several attempts to hold campaign rallies had been blocked.Another Tibetan monk sets self on fire, diesA teenage Tibetan Buddhist monk has set himself on fire on Sunday and died in China, a rights group said, in the latest reported self-immolation by a monk denouncing Chinese policies in Tibet and demanding return of Dalai Lama.Kuwait couple gets death for killing maidA Kuwaiti couple was sentenced to death for throwing the 34-year-old Filipina housemaid from their car and then driving over her.More cancellations from Frankfurt airport strikeA strike by ground workers at Frankfurt airport is forcing cancellation of 231 flights slated for Monday and the union now says it will extended the strike to a fourth day.Kate Moss suffers arm paralysisKate Moss has been diagnosed with a nerve disorder after experiencing paralysis in her right arm. The 38-year-old catwalk queen was unable to move her limb last weekend at the Ritz hotel in Paris , France.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11970396", "title": "Amar flays Mulayam, Maya for UP \u2018backwardness\u2019", "text": "KANPUR: President of the Rashtriya Lokmanch Amar Singh on Monday flayed both Mulayam Singh Yadav and Mayawati for the backwardness of the state.Addressing a public rally at Gita Park in Nehru Nagar in support of party candidate Pawan Bajpai who is contesting from Sisamau assembly seat, Amar Singh attacked SP chief Mulayam claiming that \"his party SP is a party of goons where goonda raj thrives\". He also attacked Mayawati for \"looting the state and not paying attention towards state's development\".\"The people of the state are being cheated by both the BSP and SP and there has been no actual development in the state,\" he said.He also said that corrupt people like Ponty Chadha are thriving in the state in a healthy way for which Mayawati is responsible.Amar Singh doning a beard while addressing the crowd said that in the regime of SP government, Nithari case had taken place. This shows the kind of policing the SP government is able to give to its people that cases like Nithari take place, said he.He also spoke about the closed mills of the industrial city and said that it is due to this reason that the youths are moving towards other states. He advocated about dividing UP into four parts for its growth and betterment.He concluded by saying that if his party comes to power, the farmers of the state would get free power and free water for irrigating fields.Jaya Prada, who was to accompany Amar Singh could not come to take part in the rally.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11971755", "title": "City's green cover shrinking, reveals survey", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a city that boasts of its green environs, the tree cover has gone down by 100 hectares, if the latest annual report of Forest Survey of India (FSI) is to be believed.The total green cover (forest cover and tree cover) of Chandigarh has shrunk by nearly 1.22 square km (122 hectares) from 28 square km in 2009 to 26.78 square km in 2011, says the report.In the 2009 report, the tree cover of Chandigarh was 11 sq km, which was 9.65 % of the geographical area of UT. However, in the 2011 report, the estimated tree cover in UT is 10 sq km, which is 8.93 % of the geographical area.The administration has always made tall claims of taking steps to increase the green cover, and programmes such as planting one lakh saplings with the help of eco clubs formed in schools have been showcased.The green cover had registered an increase in the past. According to FSI 2009 report, the city's green cover had gone up from 24 sq km in 2005 to 28 sq km in 2009.The recorded forest area of UT is 34 sq km, which is 29.82% of the geographical area. Reserve forest constitutes 91.17% and unclassified forest 8.82%, says the latest report.The forest department has now sent a letter to FSI, claiming that the figures are incorrect and such massive change of more than 100 hectares in the tree cover could only have been the result of massive deforestation, which is not the case.Chief conservator of forest Santosh Kumar said the tree cover is calculated on the basis of sampling and not through satellite imaging and there is scope for error between 3.82-17 % in tree inventory sampling, according to FSI's clause 4. FSI is examining the issue, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11970303", "title": "'Strategy for intellectual property a necessity'", "text": "NASHIK: \"With an aim to protect intellectual property, industrialists must register patents, industrial designs, trademarks, copyrights and geographical indices,\" said Karamjit Singh Saluja, deputy director, federation of Indian micro, small and medium enterprises (FISME).Speaking at a workshop on intellectual property rights organized by the Nashik industries and manufactures' association (NIMA), Saluja said, \"In most industries, intellectual property rights, especially patents and their exploitation, hold key significance in the development and commercialization of new products.\"He added, \"Businesses should have an intellectual property strategy as part of their corporate strategy, which will define the principles that intellectual property rights are designed to serve and how patent matters and other intellectual property matters are handled within the enterprise. The purpose of patent policy is to support the business operations of an enterprise. Neglecting patent matters may turn into a threat to development in an expanding business at national or international levels.\"\"Industrialists must register their patents, industrial designs, trademarks and copyrights to protect their intellectual property and these registrations are done at very low rates,\" he added.\"In today's age of cut-throat competition, industrialists take care of their products in many ways. Some industrialists show negligence even though they know better, while others know nothing and that causes losses. With an aim to make industrialists aware of their intellectual rights, NIMA had organized a workshop in association with FISME, Delhi,\" said Dhananjay Bele, president, NIMA.Bele appealed to industrialists to register their trademark and patents to protect their intellectual property.The workshop was attended by city industrialists Milind Chincholikar, Sudhakar Deshmukh, Popatrao Savant, Ravi Verma, Rajendra Vadnere, etc. Hitesh Mehta, Rajendra Ahire, Nikhil Panchal and Samir Patwa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11971057", "title": "Singers urge the government to set up music school to keep legacy alive", "text": "JAIPUR: What keeps Johari Bazar reverberating with music are the musical rendering emanating from the Mathura Walon Ki Haveli despite the general hullabaloo and haphazard traffic.The Haveli is not just known for its Little Champ winner Azmat Hussain, who rose to fame by winning the music reality show; but it is also the birthplace of famous qawaal trio Haaji Sayeed Sabari, and sons Fareed Sabari, Ameen Sabari and ghazal singers Ahmed Hussain and Mohammed Hussain. Singers like Mohammed Waqil are also products of the Haveli.After earning all the fame and glory, these artistes wish to take their musical tradition ahead and want the state government to build a classical music training centre where they can impart their skill to the future generation. \"We had to face a lot of adversities so we want to lend training of whatever we have learnt to the youngsters and the state government should take the initiative to make it happen,\" said Haaji Sayeed Sabari.\"This Haveli has produced many singing gems but the apathy of the state government has compelled many members of the gharana to give up singing and take up gemstone polishing to earn their livelihood,\" he added.\"Hamen paisa yaa naam nahin chahiye uppar waley ne bahut diya hai, par sakar ek music school to kholey jahan hum naujawanon ko sangeet sikha saken (We neither want money nor recognition, but the state government should at least open a music school to teach the future generation music,\" Fareed Sabari said.The trio, who is known for their qawaalis like 'Der Naa Ho Jaye' in Hindi films like Heena and many more, said they have got recognition from governments of all states and international acclaim, but they feel betrayed in their own state.Echoing the same point were Ahmed Hussain and Mohammed Hussain, who started their careers as a child artists in 1959 in Yuv Vani show of All India Radio here. They have sung all types of songs from ghazals to devotional songs of every religion. They believe it is high time government here did something to keep the legacy of classical music alive.\"The state government should at least provide us some logistic support so that we can make our creative contribution to improving the quality of music by producing some good singers,\" said Ahmed Hussain. \"Aaj sangeet mar raha hai (music is dying today),\" interrupted Mohammed Hussain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11969886", "title": "UP health scam: Babu Singh Kushwaha quizzed again, more high-profile arrests likely", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expediting the probe into the multi-crore National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam in UP, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Sunday questioned former UP minister Babu Singh Kushwaha again, and may make some more high-profile arrests next week. Sources say that during interrogation of several arrested persons and scrutiny of health department documents, more politicians' names have cropped up. The agency is expected to question a few politicians like former health minister Anant Mishra, BSP MLA Ram Prasad Jaiswal and MLC Ram Chandra Pradhan soon.Three more FIRs will be filed soon. So far, the agency has registered eight cases. CBI has come across names of some politicians, who were responsible in finalizing several NRHM contracts for various districts.Kushwaha, a former family welfare minister, was 'questioned' in connection with the three FIRs that were registered on January 19 in which contracts to the tune of Rs 250 crore were given to various firms for carrying out work. Kushwaha has been named as the accused in the first FIR.\"Till now, out investigations suggest that family welfare and health departments of the state government awarded contracts to certain private companies allegedly on the basis of bogus documents,\" said a source.CBI is probing Kushwaha's role in at least 12 contracts. In the case related to upgrade of 134 district hospitals, the FIR has stated that \"money was parted with Kushwaha and that he had given a go ahead for giving contract to the private company - Surgicoin\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11969944", "title": "Youth files complaint against former DMK MLA for land-grab, alleges police inaction", "text": "TRICHY: A youth from Kulithalai in Karur district lodged a complaint with the Trichy district collector on Monday, against former DMK MLA R Manickam of Kulithalai accusing him of grabbing land in Mannachanallur. He also alleged that the police has been lethargic in acting on his complaint.A Periyannan (25), resident of Kulithalai in Karur stated that he had been running a white pig farm in 1.43 acres of land in Mannachanallur in Trichy district since 2005. The land was owned by L Arunachalam (70) of Periyakulam in Theni district and had been functioning as a partnership firm. Owing to his weakening heath, Arunachalam had given the power of attorney to Periyannan in 2005 and registered the land in his name.In an effort to make his business more profitable, Periyannan decided to borrow money and met former DMK MLA Manickam in 2007. Manickam directed him to meet his son-in-law Chockalingam alias Hari residing at Pappakurichi in Kattur in Trichy. In consultation with his father-in-law, Chockalingam gave Periyannan Rs 2 lakh at the interest rate of 2%. But after a few days, Chockalingam told Periyannan that he should repay the amount at the rate of 4% interest. Periyannan took up the matter with Manickam who turned down the plea and forced him to either accept or register the land to his name. Shocked by his reply, Periyannan vowed to repay the amount within two months. On 27 July, 2007, three unidentified persons took Periyannan in a white TATA Sumo car to the shop of Malli Sekar, a brother of Chockalingam. When they reached the shop in Gandhi Market, Manickam and Chockaligam threatened him with dire consequences to usurp his land. In a bid to save his life, Periyannan agreed to sign on white paper documents at the registrar office. His land was grabbed and his white pig farm was destroyed.In the wake of victory of the AIADMK party in 2011, Periyannan lodged a fresh complaint with the superintendent of police, R Lalitha Lakshmi on 8 August, 2011. However, despite repeatedly contacting the department, Periyannan failed to get a reply.Frustrated at being made to run pillar to post, he submitted a petition before the district collector to take action to retrieve his land and also safeguard his life.Reacting to the allegation, former MLA Manickam told TOI on the telephone that it was a false statement. Denying involvement in the matter, he said that his son-in-law had purchased the land from Periyannan legally after paying the market value.A policeman from the district crime branch told TOI over the phone that as a number of complaints were lodged, they could not get the details of the case immediately.Three months ago, the Mannachanallur police had called the complaint as baseless and turned down the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "11970895", "title": "Mahashivaratri celebrated with fervour in Malwa", "text": "SANGRUR: Mahashivaratri was celebrated with fervour and gaiety in the Malwa region on Monday. Tens of thousands of devotees from far-off places visited historic Shiva temple situated at Ranike village near Dhuri.It is said the Pandavas had stayed here during their exile period and worshipped Lord Shiva.Along with thousands of devotees, the families of Trident group MD Rajinder Gupta, Oswal group chairman Kamal Oswal, Barnala MLA Kewal Singh Dhillon and many more dignitaries too paid obeisance at the temple.Started converging at the temple situated on the Barnala-Dhuri road from the Sunday evening, by the Monday dawn more than ten thousand devotees had assembled. As the day progressed, the rush started increasing with devotees having had to spend hours in reaching the sanctum sanctorum. Police had a tough time in controlling the swelled crowds.Visiting the place for decades, Rajinder Gupta said, \"It gives me solace to bow before Lord Shiva at Ranike.\"Kewal Dhillon said coming to the historic temple was like a pilgrimage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11970805", "title": "CG Road 'hospital street' no more", "text": "AHMEDABAD: CG Road will finally get rid of its secret identity, buried in the records of the civic body. Few know that CG Road was originally planned to house nursing homes and hospitals till market forces change the course to make it top shopping destination of the city. Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) officials say that the Gujarat Regularisation of Unauthorised Development Act, 2011, will ensure that change of use for CG Road will finally happen on paper.\"The new impact fee law is a huge respite for us shopowners at CG Road and we hope to lose the illegal tag once and for all. For 20 years we have found ourselves in a quandary. We are waiting for the rules and an official order from the AMC,\" says vice-president of the CG Road Ship-Owners Association Vasant Tirodkar.\"The new rules will deal with some of the basic illegalities prevalent in the city. They pertain to illegal encroachment margin space around the building, adding extra floors more than the plan passed, encroachment of parking space and change of use. Let's see, how high court looks at CG Road in the new context. The law will prove to be respite for the 52 buildings on CG road,\" says senior AMC official of the tax department.The shop owners had even agreed to collect Rs 30 crore to construct parking space for visitors a few hundred metres away from CG road.Long back, Navrangpura was marked as a residential area, the only way one could get extra parking space was by showing the building as a 'nursing home' on record.\"The builders and local municipal councilors colluded to allow these illegal buildings to mushroom. Later all shops were sold to individual owners - putting them in a fix. But when an objection was raised over 52 complexes in the mid 1990s on CG Road being illegal, the AMC demanded a hefty impact fee from each of the owners of the commercial units as a refundable deposit. For 20 years, the unauthorized status of CG Road has been arm-twisting tool in the hands of the local councilors,\" adds AMC official.1. There were 52 buildings on CG road that were illegal2. Shops in 46 buildings on the road had violated 96% of development control rules3. The street provides employment to 19,000 people4. The net turn over of CG Road annually is Rs 7,000 crore5. Since Navrangpura was a residential zone, the only commercial activity allowed here was that of setting up of a nursing home", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11969483", "title": "Court raps co-op officer for meddling in housing societies work", "text": "MUMBAI: The world of cooperative housing societies is fraught with factions and fights, but the Bombay High Court has made it clear that a divisional joint registrar, a senior official of the cooperative department, has \"no business\" taking sides.Last week, the HC rapped divisional joint registrar Sandeep Deshmukh for passing instructions that delayed the right of a managing committee of a housing society to assume office by over six months. The court said \"commissions and omissions\" by an officer this senior \"cannot be casual mistakes\" and \"amount to overreaching the court\".The case that highlights the goings on at the office of the cooperative society registrar that governs thousands of housing societies began at a 25-year-old Mahim building. The cooperative registrar's office appointed an administrator to conduct polls at Dev Darshan CHS last August. But the winning members had to drag Deshmukh to HC before they could take charge. Their lawyer, Ajay Gadkari, said Deshmukh had no right to interfere in the society's affairs and deprive the panel from assuming office, with no court order. A bench of Justice Ajay Khanwilkar and Justice Nitin Jamdar said they had \"no hesitation to accept the grievance\".The losing members took the dispute to cooperative court but got no relief on November 6, 2011. Two days later, the HC said \"obviously at the behest of the respondents (losing side)\", Deshmukh instructed a deputy registrar to maintain status quo and not hasten the handing-over process. The HC said, \"His act was nothing short of an order, that too, passed in spite of the knowledge that the court granted no interim relief to the losing side.\" \"We can understand if he was to advice them to go to cooperative court for appropriate interim order, but had no business to issue instructions...which has the inevitable effect of issuing instructions to circumvent the process initiated before the co-operative court and an attempt to over-reach the court itself,\" the HC.Ironically, the HC said on January 12, the cooperative court rejected losing members' claim, an order now under appeal. But Deshmukh passed directives a month later to allow the new committee to take charge. He couldn't explain the delay and his attempt to justify his act irked the judges. The HC said, \"Maybe the officer felt it appropriate to issue instructions to his subordinate, only after being served with the copy of this writ, realizing the seriousness of it...\". Deshmukh apologized and said he would give an undertaking not to issue instructions in matters pending in court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11971466", "title": "City may have to bear water shortage", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Residents of the city may fail to get adequate water supply and better sewerage system from the municipal corporation as the civic body has failed to generate sources of income for developmental works, and its income is also falling drastically.The development has raised serious questions as Centre had already warned the civic body that failure to generate income resources, would lead to stoppage of financial grant for various developmental works.Chandigarh municipal corporation suffered a setback when it came out during the preparation of budget that its income is drastically short by over Rs 20 crore of the target during the current financial year.According to sources in MC, detailed calculations have shown that that MC would only be able to generate Rs 123 crore by the end of current financial year as till December civic body has earned only Rs 92 crore, 41 lakh as income, which would increase to Rs 123.87 crore with the addition of Rs 31.45 crore more by the end of financial year.The revelation may bring more trouble for MC as it has got two new departments a?? primary health and primary education - to provide best health and educational facilities to kids and residents of the city near their area. But this fresh development has raised questions as to how will the corporation run these departments and provide civic amenities to the public in the light of fall in its earnings.\"We have clearly told the public representatives to think on these lines to increase the sources of income, otherwise public works will halt and authorities won't be able to provide the services to the public, but due to their political compulsion no decision has been taken so far,\" said an official, who declined to be named.Significantly, the civic body failed to meet its target of Rs 144.50 crore income in the current financial year. It only managed to get Rs 143.46 crore in 2010-2011 financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11971107", "title": "Cops begin process to attach properties", "text": "INDORE: Police on Monday began the process for attaching the properties of four of the seven accused in the Betma rape case who are absconders. The police would file an application seeking permission in this regard in a city court on Tuesday, said a senior police official.ASP Padmvilochan Shukla said that the property of four accused identified as Ashu Bagh, Golu Bagh, Puna Bheel and Rajendra Bhami are being attached. Three of the absconding rape accused are yet to be identified.According to Shukla, Ashu and Golu own around seven acres each of land while police have recovered documents relating to land reportedly owned by Puna Bheel. He also owns around seven acre of land, say the police.Shukla said that application seeking permission to attach the property of the accused could not moved in the court on Monday as it was a holiday on account of Mahashivratri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11971764", "title": "11 independents hold key to AMC house", "text": "AKOLA: The Badone couple, which rebelled against BJP and got elected to the Akola Municipal Corporation (AMC) as an independents, returned to their parent party on Sunday in presence of local BJP MP Sanjay Dhotre and BJP MLA Gowardhan Sharma on Sunday, party sources said.Sanjay Badone and his wife Madhuri; Vijay Agrawal, another contestant expelled from BJP, and his wife Sunita are among the three couples who managed to win AMC elections. The Agrawal couple too is likely to return to BJP, sources said.Another BJP rebel Gopi Thakre too won the AMC elections and local BJP leaders are making an all out effort to bring him back to the party fold. If these five return to the camp, BJP tally would climb from 18 to 23 in the 73-member AMC house. BJP ally Shiv Sena has eight seats under its belt. With this, the BJP-Sena have a tally of 31 seats. With this, BJP would be left with just six more seats to win over to acqurie the magic figure of 37 required to rule the AMC.The mayor's post is reserved for scheduled caste woman coporator. BJP has only one SC woman corporator in Karuna Ingle. However, party leaders are reportedly in touch with Sunil Meshram, the fire brand leader, in an attempt to win him over to their camp by offering the mayor's post to his coporator wife Madhuri Meshram. Other than these two woman coporators, Jyotsna Gawai too is reportedly in race for the top post.However, the 11 independent corporators hold the key to the house. Only time will tell if BJP-Sena alliance manages to bag these corporators or the Congress-NCP is the favoured front. Congress won 18 seats while NCP bagged 5 seats.Sources informed that the state government was likely to issue notification to the AMC administration by Tuesday to call for the special general body meeting of the new house by March 6, or 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11970548", "title": "Naveen defends NCTC stand in second letter to PM", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Monday defended his opposition to the manner in which the Centre was handling National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) and said he had no intention of politicising the war against terror.\"Let me assure you that I have no intention to politicise the campaign against terror as has been stated by some of your ministers and senior officers to the media,\" Naveen said in a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , amid speculation that Naveen was stoking the NCTC fire with an eye on forming a Third Front ahead of the 2014 general elections. This was Naveen's second letter to Singh on NCTC in a week. He was the first chief minister to object to the Union ministry of home affairs' February 3 order on organization, functioning and powers to NCTC constituted in the Intelligence Bureau.Slamming the 'high-handed' manner in which the Centre was going about an important issue like NCTC, Naveen reiterated that states should be involved in the process. \"I request you to urgently initiate the process of consultation with the states. The order (issued by MHA), with modifications as necessary, should come into force only after due consultation with us,\" he told the PM while expressing surprise at not getting any response from the Centre to his Feb 13 letter in this regard.The CM further stressed he was strongly opposed to terrorism and extremism in any form and had always been with the Centre in the fight against them. \"Terrorism and extremism are scourges which need to be fought by the nation unitedly,\" he said. \"Prior consultation with states would have greatly strengthened the process of national security in which our aims are identical,\" he added.Stating that security of the nation was his primary concern as a chief minister and a citizen of the country, Naveen noted that creation of NCTC with its director as the designated authority under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1967, and empowering its officers to search and arrest under section 43-A of the said Act do not have legitimacy in the absence of consultation with state governments. \"One has to be cautious that such orders never translate into the suspension of democratic rights as happened in our country during the Emergency period of the 1970s,\" he cautioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11975120", "title": "'Marudhanayagam will not be revived'", "text": "Kollywood might be abuzz with news that Kamal Haasan is all set to revive one of his most ambitious projects, Marudhanayagam, and that Rajinikanth is doing a cameo in it. But a source close to the actor denies this as baseless rumour.The period film, which revolves around the life of the 18th century warrior Mohammad Yusuf Khan, was expected to release in Hindi, Tamil, Telugu and English. Though the film kick-started in 1997, it was shelved due to various reasons. When contacted, Kamal's spokesperson denied any such development. \"When Kamal sir was keen to make the film way back in 1997, he had indeed discussed it with Rajini sir. But then, the shoot of the movie got stalled and the film was put in the backburner. But the latest news that the film will be revived is not true. Practically speaking, it's not possible to resume the shoot for the film due to many reasons. For instance, actor Vishnuvardhan, who had canned few shots for the film is no more. So where is the question of reviving it? After Viswaroopam, Kamal will start shooting for Thalaivan Irukkindraan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "jhansi/banda/chitrakoot", "code": "11969899", "title": "Bundelkhand in dilemma over split proposal", "text": "JHANSI/BANDA/CHITRAKOOT: \"Bundelkhand nahin, vikas chahiye\". The slogan scribbled on a pillar near Dhasan river on UP-Madhya Pradesh border in Jhansi conveys the aspiration of people of this region where development is yet to be seen.On November 15 last, chief minister Mayawati gave the proposal to split UP into four parts (Bundelkhand, Paschim Pradesh, Avadh Pradesh and Purvanchal) on the pretext that smaller states can be managed better as compared to bigger ones. The CM had said that UP was backward mainly because of its huge size. The resolution to divide the state was passed within 20 minutes in the state assembly.The people of this region are not sure what would be better for them - separation or better management, while still remaining with the parent state. For some, the most important thing is development, instead of division. Some, however, say a separate state will address their woes and ensure that fruits of development reach the grassroots.The awareness on the issue is largely absent in the villages where around 70% of the region's population lives. Villagers, in fact, are confused how a separate state would benefit them. \"UP or Bundelkhand, how does it matter to us? I doubt that our conditions would remain largely the same,\" said Pankaj Tomar, a resident of Chaurasi village in Jalaun. For Kamta Prasad, a resident of Ramnagar village, development may be confined to the urban parts only. \"Villages will remain deprived of the development,\" he said.Similar views were aired in districts like Chitrakoot. Residents said the city could have been developed as a tourist destination. \"But that never happened. What is the guarantee that it will happen when the city becomes part of a new state,\" said Abhilash Kashyap, who has been working on the various social issues in the region for the past many years. \"Our conditions have remained at the lowest level for past many years. I don't know if things will change drastically,\" said Ram Niwaj of Deokali village in Chitrakoot.Jhansi is the most developed among seven districts of Bundelkhand that come under UP. But people here too are sceptical about the changes that will come if the district becomes part of a separate state. \"It is the question of management of resources and their monitoring. In the absence of two, the region will continue to have a similar fate even if becomes a separate state,\" said Vinod Kumar, a Jhansi-based social activist. \"There are voices that demand a separate Bundelkhand state. These people certainly have some vested interests,\" he said.A study conducted by Lucknow's Giri Institute of Development Studies shows the region registered growth during the early nineties. According to institute director Ajit Kumar Singh, poverty incidence was very high in Bundelkhand in 1993-94, when 68.9% of rural population and 74.4% of urban population was below poverty line. Poverty levels were significantly above the state average in this region. However, the region experienced a drastic decline in poverty levels between 1993-94 and 2004-05. Thus poverty ratio came down to 39.8% in 2004-05 in the region from 68.9% in 1993-94. The rate of decline in poverty was also much sharper in this region as compared to other regions of the state.The region has good scope for developing cement, stone crushing and finishing and construction material related industries for which required raw material is available. Industries based on construction material like tiles, ready-made building material, etc. should be promoted, the study shows. The region is believed to have other rich minerals also like dolomite, gold, gems, etc. Exploration of mineral wealth of the region should be taken up in a systematic manner, feel experts.On the tourism front also, the study shows the region could have been developed. Jhansi has played a significant role in the freedom struggle and Rani Laxmi Bai is synonymous with the First War of Independence. The region is in close vicinity of Agra on one hand and Khajuraho on the other. Thus, the area can be developed as a tourist destination by offering suitable tourist packages to cover the historical sites in and around Jhansi. The region also attracts devotees to Chitrakoot which has a very high religious significance for Hindus. Construction of an expressway linking Agra, Jhansi and Khajuraho can give a big boost to tourism and the regional economy, the study said.Singh said that low population (if only UP part is taken into account), however, comes in the way of development of the region and its viability as a separate state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11975470", "title": "All praises for Rubina Dilaik", "text": "Himachal beauty and popular telly actress Rubina Dilaik is over the moon for all the praise that she is getting from the television industry for her talent and the courage that she has shown in the filming the current track of Chhoti Bahu aired on Zee TV.The track required Rubina to play the character of Radhika (a human) and Kanha (the God) simultaneously.Says a source from the production house, \"We have been inundated with calls and emails from well known people in the industry as well as viewers praising Rubina for her acting. Her dual portrayal of Kanha at one moment and Radhika, the very next moment has got her rave reviews. Audiences have appreciated her acting and this storyline has also increased viewer ship as well.\"Even Aman Varma , who was her co-actor on the show spoke very highly of her acting abilities, \"The way Rubina switches from Radhika to Kanha and vice versa is really commendable. No wonder the audiences are loving her.\"Rubina has also found another admirer in Kratika Sengar. Kratika, who will soon be seen in the role of Aarti in Zee TV's upcoming primetime saga, Punarvivaah was overheard complementing Rubina.She said, \"Chhoti Bahu is all about love between a man and woman while Jhansi Ki Rani was about the love for your country. Jhansi Ki Rani was about passion in the battlefield whereas Chhoti Bahu deals with the trials and tribulations of a couple in love. After all my fiery sequences, I used to look forward to retire to my room and enjoy a cute - sweet love story this is where Chhoti Bahu came to my rescue. After Jhansi Ki Rani wrapped up, I took my much needed break and also caught up on the second season of Chhoti Bahu. Rubina is doing a fabulous job as Radhika and Kanha at the same time.\"In this dog eat dog world where lead actresses of rival shows are forever getting into ugly catfights, it's heartwarming and endearing to hear words of praise from one lead actress for her counterpart. Rubina who couldn't stop gushing after she came to know of this, said, \"It's very sweet of Kratika to shower such praise. She is known for her excellent acting on screen and in real life, she is one of the most chilled out actresses' I have ever came across. I'm sure Punarvivaah will be a huge success and people will love her in the show.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11970015", "title": "Shiva temples remain abuzz with devotees", "text": "LUCKNOW: Mahashivratri was celebrated with religious fervor and devotion in the city on Monday. Devotees made a beeline at Shiva temples since early morning. They offered prayers to Shivalingas and bathed them with milk, curd, honey and ghee.At the Mankameshwar temple, devotees waited in serpentine queues. The temple resonated with the chants of `Om Namah Shivaya' and `Bum Bum Bole. \"After many years mahashivaratri has fallen on Monday. It's a very pious occasion and I did not want to miss it,'' said Diksha Awasthi, a student. Besides, hermits and snake-charmers were also spotted on the streets to woo devotees.Mahashivratri falls on the moonless 14th night of the new moon in the Hindu month of Phalgun (February-March,). Devotees observe fast and worship Shivalingas to appease Lord Shiva. Inside temples, the smell of scented incense sticks and jasmine flowers gave a pious feel of the festival.The festival has many legends associated with it but one of the most popular is that Lord Shiva got married to Goddess Parvati on this day. It is also believed that Lord Shiva performed 'Tandava', the dance of the primal creation, preservation and destruction on this auspicious night of Mahashivratri. There are also sayings that it was on Mahashivratri that Lord Shiva manifested himself in the form of a shivalinga for the first time.Sharing another popular belief, Madhu Gupta, a housewife said: \"It was on this day, Lord Shiva consumed poison that emanated from the churning of the ocean, to save all other deities. Doubtful, if Lord Shiva would be able to digest it, the other Gods and Goddesses kept a vigil throughout the night. The prayers that were offered for Shiva that night are offered by devotees on Mahashivratri.'' On the auspicious occasion, worshippers followed traditions and customs such as observing fast and few not even consuming a drop of water. \"Lord Shiva is regarded as the ideal husband, and so unmarried women pray for a husband like Him, on mahashivratri. Married women pray for the well being of their husbands,'' said Mridula Kumari, a devotee.Devotees also thronged other city temples such as Hanuman Setu, Old Aliganj temple, and Mahakaleshwar. Kanwariyas also visited the temples and thanked Lord Shiva for showering his blessings on them. Amidst thankfulness, young Kanwariyas offered 'Gangajal' to the lord. It is believed that bachelors also observe fast to get a bride as Lord Shiva's. The married men keep it for their wives.After a whole day worshipping, jagrans are organized at some places. Devotees sing hymns and devotional songs and praise Lord Shiva. It is followed by aarti in the morning and offering 'prasad'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "11972020", "title": "Mahashivaratri celebrated with fervour in districts", "text": "GUMLA: Over one lakh devotees worshipped Lord Shiva, Goddess Parvati and other deities at old Tanginath temple on the day of Mahashivaratri on Monday. Located 74 km from the district headquarters in remote Dumri block of the district, the temple attracted devotees from Bihar , Uttar Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh besides other districts of Jharkhand , said head priest Kripa Panda, a tribal Baiga priest of Mahugaon village.The temple is on a hilltop surrounded by deep forests and a stream flows beside it. A large number of devotees reached here a day before. An 11-member committee in which local BDO has been made ex-officio president looked after the affairs of the temple believed to be a seat of the divine.Bokaro: Residents celebrated Mahashivaratri with full fervour and enthusiasm across the district. The temples witnessed long queues of devotees thronging to offer prayer to Lord Shiva. As the festival fell on a Monday, it has doubled festivities of the devotees. The devotees in large numbers visited Chilka Dham, a famous ancient temple of Lord Shiva, situated near Chas More. Many of them walked several kilometers to Chilka Dham on foot. The administration made proper traffic arrangements on roads for convenience of the devotees. \"Mahashivaratri marks the night when Lord Shiva performed tandava while many of them believe that on this day Lord Shiva was married to goddess Parvati,\" said Dashrat Pandey, a priest of Navnath temple. Apart from worshipping, many devotees sent Mahashivaratri SMSs to friends and relatives believing it would please Lord Shiva. Many residents also celebrated the festivals by taking bhang and smoking marijuana) believing it to be prasad of Lord Shiva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11968716", "title": "9-year-old killed in wall collapse", "text": "MUMBAI: A nine-year-old boy was killed after the compound wall of a 32-year-old building collapsed on him in Dahisar (E) on Monday. The victim, Prathamesh Mahadik, was walking on a common path between the building and a chawl where he stayed on DN Dube Road when the incident took place around 4.20pm.The Dahisar police have written to the BMC to ascertain if negligence charges can be applied in the case. As of now, an accidental death case has been registered. Prathamesh, a Std III student of St Xavier's school in Dahisar (E), . His father Gajana, ran a lottery tickets store. The family stayed at Arjun Mandal chawl. \"The compound wall belonged to Jayant Patan Mandal building,\" which was constructed in 1979,\" . The five-feet high wall fenced a 1500 square feet ground and was dilapidated. It suddenly gave way while Prathamesh was walking down a common between the building and the chawl,\" investigating officer Deepak Girkar said. As Sunday was his day off, Prathamesh's mother had sent him to a neighbouring shop to buy tea along with his sister Riya (6), who escaped unhurt as she was walking way ahead of him. Prathamesh was rushed to the Bhagwati Hospital after Riya summoned their neighbours. Doctors declared him dead at the hospital. Prathamesh had sustained severe head injuries besides internal injuries and there was immense blood loss, doctors said.Officials from the BMC and the fire brigade visited the spot.The BMC will conduct an inquiry into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "11970499", "title": "BJD unseats Cong from Sambalpur bastion", "text": "SAMBALPUR: With a miraculous win of 10 seats in Sambalpur zilla parishad election, the BJD has established its base in the district, considered a Congress bastion since a long time. BJD's ZP win has in fact dealt a severe blow to Congress, which was hoping for a hat-trick win this time.According to sources, the presence of BJD was negligent in the district since the inception of the party. BJD's presence was felt in the district for the first time after Rohit Pujari, former state president of youth Congress, joined the party in 2009 and contested parliament election from Sambalpur as a BJD candidate. Though he was defeated, he became the district president of BJD.\"His first work was to organize the party at grass root level. We joined the party at his behest. Now we have a strong network in the entire district. It has been possible only due to the dynamic leadership of Rohit Pujari,\" said a party worker Onkar Nayak.Sources said BJP's Brindaban Majhi became the ZP chairman in 1997. But in the 2002 election, Congress won the zilla parisad and Santosh Kumar Budek became the chairman of the parishad. In 2007 election, Congress retained the parishad for the second time and Sobharam Pradhan became the chairman. But in 2012, BJD won the parishad for the first time. Since the chairman's post is reserved for SC woman, Sobhagini Pradhan of Rairakhol is all set to be elected chairperson this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11968689", "title": "Power holiday shock for industries", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a clear indication of the worsening power crisis, the state government has decided to re-impose power holidays for the industrial sector from Tuesday. With immediate effect, the industries in the state have been told to impose a two-day holiday every week. Overall, the industrial units have to remain closed for 9 days in a month.Stating that the power holidays have become inevitable due to the increasing gap between demand and supply, AP Transco and Discoms have served notices to the industries directing them to run for only 21 days a month. Ironically, the power holiday was lifted on the industrial sector only in December last year.\"It is a horrible situation. In the past few days, the sentiment had turned around and things were returning to normalcy but this move will hit the industry very hard. We have been trying to convince the government to take necessary action but they are not taking adequate steps due to some reason. The government should have provided round-the-year open access to industry so we could purchase power from outside to meet our requirements and average out the prices of procurement,\" said Devendra Surana, vice-president of Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FAPCCI). \"We have filed for permission in ERC in December itself stating that there would be 40 per cent cut for industries in March and April. With the power demand crossing 12,000 MW per day, there is a shortfall of about 2,000 MW. We need to maintain power supply for the farm sector and domestic consumers. Hence the re-imposition of the power holiday for the industrial sector,\" Ajay Jain, chairman and managing director, AP Transco told TOI.To bail out the major industries from the loss of production, AP Transco has decided to offer free open access to the industries without charging them cross subsidy surcharge. Normally, the surcharge would be around Rs 1.75 per every unit. However, those who want to buy from outside the state will have to bear the entire burden of open access charges plus surcharge. \"As the power rates are skyrocketing, we have decided to give some relief to the industries by waiving off the cross subsidy surcharge. If any industry has tie-up with other states or power generators, they can avail our transmission network and get the power,\" said Ajay Jain.More than 30,000 industrial units in and around Hyderabad employ nearly 9 lakh workers. Now, with only 21 working days in a month, not many owners are ready to continue production as they have to pay the salary for the month to the employees. \"This is going to be a big burden on the industry in the state. We have already told the government that it is unviable to run the units. The only solution is to close down the units temporarily,\" said PS Naidu, president of industrial estate association, Mallapur.Meanwhile, the Eastern Power Distribution Corporation Limited (EPDCL), that supplies power to Vizianagaram, Visakhapatnam, Srikakulam and East Godavari, announced a 10-day power holiday in a month for all industries in these districts with immediate affect. The decision is set to hit the ferro alloys units the most. Sources said, worried over the discom's order, the industries are mulling lay-offs.Vizianagaram district has nearly 10 big ferro alloy industries in Garividi, Gurla, Morakamudidam, Kottavalasa and Bobbili madals where 10,000 employees work. All the ferro alloy industries are power-based and for producing one tonne of ferro chrome and silico manganese, each industrial unit requires a huge amount of power every day.The managements of these industries are requesting the EPDCL authorities to enhance the power cuts from 25 per cent to even 75 per cent but pleaded against power holiday. But the discom officials rejected their plea and imposed 10 days of power holiday each in March and April.In fact, power holiday for some of the industries has already begun in East Godavari on February 13, while a five-day power holiday began in Vizianagaram from February 19 for major industries. \"If utilization of power increases, the power holiday could be extended to two days in a week,\" a senior EPDCL official in Vizianagaram said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "gumla/lohardaga", "code": "11971960", "title": "Gumla tops polio success chart", "text": "GUMLA/LOHARDAGA: Gumla has topped the pulse polio drive in the state with more that 84% children out of the targeted 1,52,595 administered polio drops in the first round of the National Immunization Day (NID) on Sunday.Figures from remote immunization booths, especially located in regions of Bishunpur block and one more block are still awaited, said surveillance medical officer R N Prasad on Monday evening. The district figure will further go up, he added. Interestingly, Gumla has been getting first place in polio immunization campaign sponsored by World Health Organization (WHO) and the Union government since 2009 in the state. Kamdara block of the district registered highest 94 % coverage of the children followed by Sisai and Basia with 90% and 89%, respectively. According to Gumla civil surgeon Tunul Hambrom, a total 922 booths, including only 24 in the urban area, have been made to carry out the drive in the district.In Lohardaga, 1,344 vaccinators started their door-to-door campaign on Monday to administer polio drops to children of 0 to 5 years of age and failed to reach the 612 booths set by the health department in Lohardaga on Sunday as part of National pulse polio immunization day.At least 63,491 children against a target of 79,733 were given the two drops to keep polio away from them. Chief medical officer Raj Kumar Bake said that the National Pulse Polio Immunization Programme is of three days, including the National Immunization Day on Sunday.\"We have to move door-to-door to achieve the target for several reasons, including lack of concern among rural parents and distant far-flung places from where it is difficult for villagers to reach the centres. Our team at various levels from district level monitoring committee to the volunteer on door-to-door campaign will achieve the 100% target by Tuesday that is actually closing of the three-day national programme,\" said the CMO.At least 749 sahiyas, health workers, 796 anganwadi sevikas, 33 medical officers, five-member district-level monitoring committee, 54 mobile teams, four transit teams, 76 observers, 33 vaccine centres and 1,344 vaccinators are carrying forward their duties actively to meet the target in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11970981", "title": "Montage of wild world", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A herd of elephants raise a dust cloud as they tread across the dry grasslands and the blue Mount Kilimanjaro dissolves in the background. Shot in the savannahs of Tanzania , the photograph, though romantic in its treatment is embedded with layers. So are the over 90-odd pictures of wild life shot in Africa and India by Dr Nalin Trivedi, a wild life photography enthusiast, and composed as a collage at the L &amp; P Hutheesingh Visual Art Centre.Though Dr Trivedi graduated in medicine and practiced in the US, UK and Tanzania, his passion or love for wild life stems from his early days in Tanzania, after his parents migrated there in the 1920s. \"I was literally born 200 miles away from Serengeti National Park. Growing up in Africa, you are exposed to an abundance of wildlife,\" says the now retired physician.Travelling across the globe also presented him a number of opportunities to explore his passion, which, though taxing, also gave him exposure to many exhilarating moments. \"I had to wait for 10 years to see for the first time the bisons and the zebras crossing the Mara River, in Masai Mara area in Kenya ,\" says Trivedi enthusiastically pointing to the photograph. Each of his photographs, thus, embeds a story.Looking at the up, close and personal shots - of the tiger resting in his cave in the hilly Bandhavgad reserves, a silhouette of a leopard caught stretching against the setting sun at the Amboselli National park; the audience is compelled to not just think of aesthetics but also the challenges faced by the photographer.For Trivedi, one of the most challenging shots has been to shoot a kill. \"While taking the picture of an animal hunting down his prey, you want to exhibit the action, but don't want to spill the blood on your picture. Also to capture some species, you require stalking, concealing. Knowledge of animal behaviour is essential,\" he reveals.Living in the US, Trivedi is in the city for the exhibition. However, while talking about his experiences in the country, Dr Trivedi sounded disappointed. \"Tourism does not seem to work positively here. There is constant interference of foresters and locals in the habitat. The wetlands of Gujarat itself have a beautiful bird life. Also excessive poaching is an issue.\"The exhibition inaugurated on Feb 16, will be on display till Feb 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11969084", "title": "Foul play, says family of Borivli housewife who jumped to death", "text": "MUMBAI: The family of Borivli housewife Nandita Agarwal, who had jumped to death with her son from the 12th floor of her housing society, met West Bengal Commission for Women chairperson Sunanda Mukherjee on Monday, with concerns of foul play. Mukherjee assured the family that she would speak to her counterparts in Maharashtra and the case would be looked into.Nandita's husband, Navalkishore, was arrested on abetment charges on Friday, based on a complaint registered by her brother, Soumitro Chatterjee. Soumitro, who came from Kolkata to claim the bodies of his sister and her son, Vinayak, told the police physical and mental har- assment drove Nandita to take the drastic step.Soumitro and his nephew, Abhirup, who accompanied him to Mumbai, are concerned about their security as they are by themselves in the city.\"Our meeting with the commission was very positive,\" said Nandita's sister, Subarna Chatterjee. \"We raised several questions. When Nandita's body was found, she was dressed only in a kurta and had no salwar on. Later, when our family visited Nandita's flat with the police, they found saris on her bed and a pair of jeans on the floor. It indicates she was changing her clothes. What would make her leave her flat only in a kurta?\"Subarna said if Nandita wanted to commit suicide, the open balcony of her flat would be an easy option. Soumitro told the police that Navalkishore used to often leave his wife alone at home.Navalkishore has denied the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11970822", "title": "Cong observers appointed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Congress Party has appointed observers to appoint the chairman and vice chairman of the various committees in Gandhinagar District Panchayat afresh. The party has asked all its members to resign from the various committees.The resignations of chairmen of different committees were taken by the party following complaints from the Thakore representatives that the party had failed to keep the promise made while appointing Mangiben Chaudhary as the president.Thakore community members said they were assured that the post of the standing committee will always be with the community. ButIn January when the new body was appointed the Congress replaced the Thakore representative Arvind Solanki and appointed Virendrasinh Vaghela from the Darbar community. The Thakore community members in protest had resigned from the various bodies in the panchayat.In protest, several other councilors form the local bodies too had resigned from the various committee. Aatleast 17 elected Congress representatives from the Thakore community had resigned from various committees in Gandhinagar Municipal Corporation, Gandhinagar district and taluka panchayats. TNNThe party, after making efforts to bring out a solution, had asked Member of Parliament Jagdish Thakore who hails from the community. Later the party later gave the responsibility to MLA Shailesh Parmar and Brajesh Mirza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11969505", "title": "Voting pattern makes victory prediction tough", "text": "Voters Giving Preference To Candidates Over PartiesLUCKNOW: While the polling for assembly election is moving in phases from east to west UP, the unusual shift in voting pattern this time has disturbed the calculation of candidates and parties alike. Unlike previous elections, going by the voting pattern, this time the voters looked to have preferred candidates over the party in several constituencies in many districts.Political pundits cite Ambedkarnagar district as a case study. The district went to election in the first phase of polling on February 8. Otherwise a known bastion of chief minister and BSP supremo Mayawati, which got corroborated in 2007 when five MLAs elected from here were from the BSP, the district is all set to see a photo finish at several constituencies. Senior leaders of BSP like Lalji Varma also cannot claim their victory with confidence.For political experts, the reasons can be found either in increased polling percentage and number of first-time voters and youths, active and almost equal participation of women, delimitation and last but not the least - the ever increasing 'all parties are same' feeling among the voters. Any of them or all can be the reason for such a drastic change in voting pattern. Why only Lalji Varma, former minister like Ram Achal Rajbhar, whose son Sanjay Rajbhar is contesting from Ambedkarnagar city, is finding it hard to be complacent on his son's win. A close confidant of Rajbhar told TOI from Ambedkarnagar, \"Though the BSP has its own vote-base, the fact that the voters were looking more inclined towards candidates along with a bit of caste equation has left us confused. Who knows who will have the last laugh this election.\"No party or politician this time has been able to read the mind of voters and neither has anyone been able to spot any undercurrent for any party leaving the claims of parties that increased voting was in their favour, a mere rhetoric.Analysis of voting pattern in other districts gives a more clear insight and corroborates voters' inclination towards candidates instead of parties. In Maharajganj's Nautanwa constituency, poetess Madhumita Shukla murder case convict Amarmani Tripathi's son Amanmani is facing a tough challenge from his rival Congress candidate Munna Singh. This is despite the fact that barring Akhilesh Yadav of Samajwadi Party, no other party's stalwarts, be it Rahul Gandhi, bothered to campaign for their candidates here. Reason, a senior journalist says that Nautanwa is believed to be the pocket borough of Amarmani.However, the voting pattern when the constituency went to polling on February 11 has left the politicians and pundits confused alike. If voters' mood is any indication, the results are all set to be surprising.Veteran journalist J N Tiwari of the constituency says the fight here is purely between two candidates.In Campierganj constituency of Gorakhpur, even though Chinta Yadav of Samajwadi Party is confident of his victory, the eleventh hour extra-mile effort by Fateh Bahadur, who is contesting on a Nationalist Congress Party's (NCP) ticket, cannot be ignored, says Prabhudayal, a resident of Pipiganj assembly area. As the NCP doesn't have a vote-base, it is the candidate's connect that matters the most for the voters here. Can Fateh Bahadur spring a surprise on the result day? Only time will tell.In the same way, Mallik Kamal Yousuf, contesting on a Peace Party ticket from Domariyaganj in Siddharthnagar, might also spring a surprise, feel the voters and experts. Though the Peace Party has no vote-base, Mallik is a known face and voters are aware of his working. Being an SP MLA once has made him a strong contender. Voting did take place candidate-wise rather than party-wise here, says Krishna Kumar, a primary school teacher.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11969228", "title": "GBA meet focuses on protection of agro-land for food security", "text": "PANAJI: Freeze sale of community land, protect agricultural land to ensure food security, set up industries suitable for locally available skills and constitute PDAs with stakeholders to break the monopoly of politicians in the planning process.These and some other issues were highlighted at a workshop organized by Goa Bachao Abhiyan (GBA) to discuss the fallout of RP 2021 and draw up a common minimum demand for the intervention of elected representatives' as policy makers. \"The commitment we expect from them, be it ruling or opposition, is to support good programmes for the state's benefit and not create hindrances,\" said Sabina Martins.GBA stated that collective wisdom works in the community's interest. The RP 2021 should go to the villages for detailing land use for village. During the discussion, speakers pointed out that analysis of ODPs overlaid on RP 2021 showed that most of the large land holdings are in the developers' hands. The issue of development on plateaus of Pilerne, Kadamba and Salvador do Mundo was taken up for short discussions.A discussion was held on promoting small industries, co-ordinating the setting up of units with the villagers' requirements to benefit local youth. It was felt that gram sabhas should discuss all details related to infrastructure, jobs for locals, pollution control and other issues. Shekar Sardessai, president of small industries association, spoke about a disconnect between industry and people.Small entrepreneurs faced several hurdles in securing loans, corruption in shed allotment and setting up their units. The skills taught in the ITIs were obsolete, the speakers said.Economist Pranab Mukhopadya said that though the per capita income was high, the disparity between rich and poor was large. Agriculture had declined from 60% in the 70s to 16 % and the state depended on food from outside. Though Goa had the highest financial deposits, the lending was mainly for personal loans and less for enterprise and other purposes. Architect K D Sadhale of Nirmal Vishwa stressed the need for a legislation to prevent sale or acquisition of community land. Agriculture-based industry will add value to the produce, he said. The panel discussion sought protection of comunidade land and other important issues for the prosperity of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11973929", "title": "Vidya Balan keen to play extramarital affair roles", "text": "Starting off as a simple girl in 'Parineeta' to being a seductress in 'The Dirty Picture', actress Vidya Balan has portrayed diverse roles and now wants to do something on the strong subject of extramarital affair .\"I want to do something where there is lots of drama as our lives are dramatic. May be do something like 'Arth', 'Silsila' kind of film, something on extra marital affair as wherever we go we get to hear about it,\" Vidya said in an interview.'Arth', a 1982 film directed by Mahesh Bhatt, starring Shabana Azmi , Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Smita Patil and Raj Kiran, was about his extramarital relationship.Even Yash Chopra's 1981 film, 'Silsila' featuring Amitabh Bachchan , Jaya Bhaduri, Sanjeev Kumar and Rekha , revolved around the same topic. Vidya even showed her interest in doing a film that would centre upon late Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.\"I may like to do a biopic on Indira Gandhi or something like that,\" Vidya said.However, she is now doing a comedy thriller, something that she has not tried her luck in yet, opposite Emraan Hashmi.\"Comedy is something I would like to explore. And speaking of other genres like action, its something I am not interested in,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11969674", "title": "After 13 years, charges to be framed in Chennai jail riot case", "text": "CHENNAI: Thirteen years after one of the worst prison riots in Tamil Nadu's history broke out at the Central prison in Chennai, charges will be framed against 41 accused next week. Twelve prisoners and two jail officials were killed in the incident on November 17, 1999.The case, which came up for hearing on Monday, has been adjourned to February 28 for further hearing by fourth additional sessions court judge S Rajagopalan. M Prabavathi, additional city public prosecutor, said close to 165 witnesses would be examined in the course of trial.According to documents furnished by the police department, the unprecedented violence was triggered by the news of the death of 'Boxer' Vadivelu, a gang leader from Power Kuppam near Kasimedu. Detained under the Goondas Act, the history-sheeter was suffering from diarrhoea and admitted to the Government General Hospital. However, he died in the early hours of November 17, 1999.\"Around 7am, his associates created a ruckus saying none of the prisoners should eat as they claimed Vadivelu was beaten to death. About half an hour later, a riot broke out in the prison. Rahamatullah, one of the wardens from the Tower Block where the prisoners were housed, ran out and warned deputy jailor Jayakumar about it close to 20 minutes later,\" said V Kannadasan, former counsel for prisons department, who was part of the Justice David Christian Commission of Inquiry that probed the incident.When police lathi-charged the mob, the prisoners dispersed, only to regroup a while later. They climbed the roofs of the jail buildings as well as trees in the compound, throwing stones, pieces of tiles and other objects they could lay their hands on while shouting slogans, a report by the People's Union for Civil Liberties (PUCL) said.\"After the warning, Jayakumar walked towards the remission office where records are stored when he was hit by a stone. By then, some of the prisoners had run to his office near the main gate and taken his pistol from the desk and were searching for him. Another group looped a thick metal hook into warder Natarajan's thigh and dragged him out. He died on the spot. More than 20 prison officials were attacked. The prisoners proceeded to the record room where they found Jayakumar. They chopped off his fingers, put hooks in his stomach and hit him, before setting the documents in the room on fire,\" Kannadasan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11969690", "title": "Man gets heart attack while driving", "text": "CHENNAI: A car belonging to the state education department ran over a platform on Village Road near the Saidapet court and overturned on Monday afternoon after its driver suffered a minor heart attack. The vehicle later hit a tree on the side of the road.Police said the driver, M Jothi Ramalingam (38) of Arni in Tiruvannamalai district, was headed towards Guindy when the incident occurred. No one was injured.The driver suffered a minor cardiac arrest and lost the control of the vehicle. The car (TN 01 AG 0567) ran over the platform passing the Saidapet magistrate court complex. It hit a TNEB junction box on the platform and smashed into a tree before coming to a halt. It had overturned. Ramalingam escaped unhurt as did an official of the education department who was in the back seat. The mishap created a flutter among other road users, police said.Ramalingam was rushed to a private hospital nearby. On information, Adyar traffic investigation police rushed to the place. A case has been registered and further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11971364", "title": "Coming soon, six more multiplexes", "text": "PUNE: Multiplexes in Pune have certainly not grown the way they have in Mumbai, but more are coming to the city this year.Multiplexes in Pune, which stand at 12 currently, have multiplied by 20%, say experts. Six more will open during this year which explains the 3.3 rating respondents gave to the city's entertainment scene in The Times Of India-IMRB Quality Of Life Survey.Eight cities were rated on a scale of 5, and Pune bagged the third spot, followed by Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Chennai. Mumbai, scored a 3.6, closely followed by Kolkata at 3.4.Prakash Chaphalkar, secretary of the Multiplexes Association of India, said, \"Two new multiplexes have come up in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad in the past one year-Cinemax on Ahmednagar Road and Abhiruchi City Pride on Sinhagad Road. Six more multiplexes are expected to open in 2012, including Inox at Amanora, Cinepolis at Magarpatta City, PVR in Market City, PVR in Koregaon Park, Cinepolis in Pulse Mall on Ahmednagar Road and Cinemax in Pacific Mall on Shankarsheth Road.\"Soon, every locality will have a multiplex because malls are mush-rooming across the city and a multiplex in the mall guarantees more footfalls.\"This industry is largely product-based. Good movies coming to the city will send citizens to theatres. Pune is growing and people from across the country have settled here. Thus, demand for social infra-structure is rising and multiplexes are growing,\" said Chaphalkar.However, more multiplexes do not mean more footfalls. In fact, they have reduced over the decade, he said. \"City Pride on Satara Road, the first multiplex to open in Pune in April 2001, had 60 % occupancy on an average. Now, it is around 40 % or less. People who can afford high-priced cinema are limited, while they also get divided or scattered as more multiplexes come up,\" he said.Multiplexes have sophisticated technology like digital screens. \"In fact, now the emphasis will be on hyper-plexing, which means having 10 screens or more in one property,\" said Chaphalkar.Ticket rates have risen by 15 % on an average during the past one year. \"Among other expenses, power costs have gone up, and so have the salaries of the employees. Hence the increase in ticket rates,\" he said.Neerav Panchamia, vice president (operations) at E-square feels that the multiplex culture has grown in Pune. \"In the last five years, Pune has seen a major IT and automobile sector development, which has led to an increase in the need for entertainment. Cinema is the biggest source of entertainment in India, thereby resulting in the demand for more screens to cater to population requirements,\" Panchamia said. Cinemas are now digital, adding to picture quality to the cinematic experience. \"The introduction of 3D movies, in both, Hindi and English formats has made movie viewing an experience. The simultaneous world releases of films also add great value to the cinema-viewing experiences. Pune multiplexes offer a great variety of food and beverage through foodcourts created for complementing the entire movie-viewing experience,\" said Panchamia.There is a growing trend of building multiplexes around residential areas and in malls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11970212", "title": "Kingfisher cancels 2 flights", "text": "MANGALORE: The Kingfisher Airlines operated just one flight to the city from Bangalore instead of three on Monday.The airlines did not operate its morning and evening flights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11971054", "title": "Scribe Ravindra Shah killed in accident", "text": "BHOPAL: Journalist Ravindra Shah was killed while four others were injured in a road accident near Sehore, about 50 km from here, on Monday afternoon. Shah, 51, was an associate editor of Hindi fortnightly 'Outlook' magazine and is survived by his journalist wife Meena Rana, a son and a daughter.Sehore district superintendent of police K B Sharma told TOI that the accident took place when the car in which they were travelling lost control and skidded off the road, killing Shah on the spot and injuring others. He said they were on their way to Bhopal from Indore. Mining corporation vice-chairman Govind Malu, his daughter Surabhi, personal secretary Vipin who were in the car and the driver Rishi sustained injuries and were rushed to a hospital in Bhopal.\"The injured are now out of danger\", Sharma said. After starting his career with a Hindi daily in Indore, Shah worked with a number of newspapers, electronic media and education institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11970234", "title": "SC quashes Colonel's court martial", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has quashed a general court martial (GCM) proceeding against an Army Colonel that was initiated for alleged financial irregularities committed by him in making some purchases. The Supreme Court though rued the acquittal of several other officers involved in the scam.A bench of justices Aftab Alam and C K Prasad set aside the GCM proceedings, ordered against Colonel Rajvir Singh for alleged financial irregularities committed by him during 2005-2007, causing a loss Rs 60.18 lakhs to the exchequer. In 2005-07, as officiating commandant of the Central Ordnance Depot, Chheoki, Singh had procured materials worth Rs 2.2 crore, allegedly violating rules and causing wrongful loss of Rs 60.18 lakhs to the state exchequer.Singh had moved the SC challenging an August 19, 2011 ruling of the Armed Forces Tribunal, rejecting his plea that direction to court martial him was time-barred as section 22 of the Army Act, 1950 provides that the trial must be concluded within three years from the date of its cognizance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11971868", "title": "One killed in Ranchi firing", "text": "RANCHI: One person was killed and another was injured when unidentified criminals opened fire near a retail chain outlet on Ratu Road here on Monday. The deceased has been identified as Jitendra Paswan.This was the third incident in a week when criminals targeted people in heart of the city and managed to flee. On Sunday night, some unidentified men killed a youth, Albet Ekka, at Hindpiri locality of the city.Police said Paswan along with his friend Prakash Yadav was standing near the outlet in the afternoon when the unidentified criminals opened fire on them. While Paswan suffered injury in his abdomen, Yadav was hit on his thigh.City DSP Anuranjan Kispotta said Yadav had been admitted to the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS). \"Yadav has criminal antecedents.\"The place where the criminals targeted the two people is one of the crowded places of the city. No one is coming forward to say anything in the matter. \"We are trying to locate those people who could give some clues about the criminals or will have to wait for the recovery of Yadav to get some information,\" said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11971510", "title": "Sukhna underpass plan buried, chaos to stay", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With swelling number of visitors at Chandigarh's spectacle, Sukhna Lake, and vehicles clogging the parking on weekends, a dream revamp project prepared by students and faculty of Chandigarh College of Architecture (CCA) failed to make take off. A proposal to create an underpass to ease the traffic congestion and connect the parking area to the eating area at lake was given a silent funeral by the UT administration.The project of revamping and beautifying the lake was taken up by over a dozen students of CCA. The recommendations were made by the faculty and two groups of six students each, who actively worked on it till the academic session 2007-2008. \"The project included a parking concept and underpass for the lake. I am not certain on what eventually happened to the proposal, but the purpose was to ease the traffic and human congestion along with beautification,\" said S L Saharan, faculty member, CCA.Revamping the lake to make it more appealing to the visitors was approved by the then governor General S F Rodrigues and the project was sponsored by Union ministry for tourism. \"The lake beautification is being done in phases. Some more additions and improvement will be done gradually, but I am uncertain and will need to check the exact status of the underpass that was planned,\" stated Sumit Kaur, UT's chief architect. Sources cite that late the recommendations of the CCA faculty and students met with certain hitches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11970776", "title": "Washington University to share guidelines on head injury with SMS College", "text": "JAIPUR: The University of Washington will share its evidence-based guidelines for anesthesia care for head injuries with the Sawai Man Singh (SMS) Medical College.Officials of Harborview Injury Prevention and Research Center (HIPRC), associated with University of Washington, on Monday explored collaborative research to improve patient care.Though they have not signed any formal agreement with the SMS hospital, they have decided to share the evidence-based guidelines. HIPRC is a level 1 trauma center in the US and also is an institute for research pertaining to all aspects of traumatic brain injury ranging from injury prevention, pre-hospital care, anesthetic and surgical management, critical care and rehabilitation. It provides care to patients in five states of USA.\"We will share information on how we are treating patients in the US and it will be mentioned in the evidence-based guidelines,\" Dr Deepak Sharma, a representative of University of Washington, said.Traumatic brain injury (TBI) patients come for treatment at SMS. Dr Deepak Sharma met Prof SP Sharma, head of the department, anesthesia, and Dr Shobha Purohit, Neuroanesthesiologist, at Bangur Hospital to explore possibilities of further improvement in care of TBI patients.\"In future there could be active collaboration between the University of Washington and SMS Medical College to further improve training and academics and to start high priority research relevant to Indian population,\" Dr Deepak Sharma said.\"Anesthesiologists play a crucial role in care of TBI patients, from leading resuscitation teams and training pre-hospital care providers to providing urgent care for emergent surgery and critical care in ICUs,\" he said.\"We receive many accidental head injury cases at our hospital and provide them with the best medical services. We will have a look at the evidence-based guidelines of the University of Washington and will adopt whatever we find useful,\" Prof SP Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11970547", "title": "Condition of Lingaraj priest critical", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The mystery behind Sunday's alleged attack on a priest of Lingaraj temple continued to remain unresolved, even as the injured Bhagaban Samartha is battling for life at SCB Medical College and Hospital in Cuttack.Police are yet to ascertain whether or not it was a murder attempt on Samartha, who was earlier assigned to perform the task of placing the mahadeep atop the temple on Mahashivratri night. With throat slit and hands slashed, he was found unconscious in a pool of blood near a crematorium on Sunday.\"We are inquiring into the matter to ascertain whether the injuries were caused following assault or by self,\" Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh said. Even though more than 24 hours have passed since the incident, nobody from Samartha's family came forward to lodge FIR against anyone. The family members and members of Samartha Nijog said he did not have acrimony with anyone.\"The victim's statement can only unravel the mystery. We would record his version once he recuperates,\" Singh said.Currently, Samartha is in ICU. Doctors, who applied a number of stitches on his neck, hand and stomach, described his condition as critical, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11970598", "title": "Have a film? Show it at BYOFF", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The beach town of Puri is all set to host the innovative, annual Bring Your Own Film Festival (BYOFF). Organized by a group of independent filmmakers from Odisha and outside, the ninth edition of the fest will kick off behind the Pink House beach as usual, from Tuesday.The five-day fest will feature over 50 filmmakers, including a handful of foreigners, screening films in different formats. Sources said every day for nearly eight hours, 35mm, 16mm, mini DV, DVD, CD, and VHS format films will be screened in different languages.Organizers said BYOFF offers a very good platform to amateur filmmakers and artistes. The forum has so far (between 2004 and 2011) provided over 1,000 budding filmmakers and artistes an opportunity to screen their works. \"And we will stick to the effort in the coming years as well,\" said filmmaker and organizing committee member Sushant Mishra.\"Here anyone can screen their films, released or unreleased. There is no jury, selection and rejection procedure. Moreover, such a film festival can cost a fortune in big cities. But here it's very affordable,\" said another BYOFF team member.Filmmakers apart, artistes from other disciplines like music, dance, painting, sculpture and photography are also encouraged to participate and exhibit their work at the fest. \"This time we have planned to promote some traditional Odia dance and music forms at the festival as well,\" Mishra said.The fest adds to the tourist season in Puri too. \"This is a time when Puri is choc-a-block with foreign tourists and the festival will surely provide much entertainment to them,\" said an organizer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11969688", "title": "Family helps victim cope", "text": "KOLKATA: The physical wounds are healing, but the mental scar left by the brutal sexual assault torments her every single moment. And whenever the going gets tough, her family infuses courage and energy into this gutsy woman. Had it not been for the rock solid support of her family, the car-rape victim would have probably never had the courage to take up the battle.It was her grandmother who first shook her up and insisted that she should not sit over the incident. The former school headmistress known for her toughness and no-nonsense attitude was the one who convinced the victim that she would have to go to police. There were objections from a few family members, but her grandmother put her foot down and encouraged her to go ahead.\"My granddaughter was so traumatized. The first thing I did was bring her to my house as I did not want her two daughters to see her in that condition,\" recounted the 74-year-old. She nursed her granddaughter's wounds, both mental and physical. It took three days to convince her that she had to go to the police.\"Apart from the encouragement, my Nanno (grandmother) also counselled me about the difficult road ahead - rounds of questioning by the police, uncomfortable questions from the society.... She prepared me to face all that. I draw so much energy from her,\" said the victim.Even as there were younger members of the family to accompany her to police, it was her grandmother who volunteered to be by her side during the trips to Lalbazar. She also accompanied her during the reconstruction of the crime with the police personnel.\"I kept telling her to be calm and relaxed so that she could think and recollect the incident properly. I guess my being by her side did boost her morale and courage,\" said her grandmother.On Sunday, when the victim saw the faces of the accused being flashed on TV channels, she broke down and howled like a child. \"The incident keeps haunting me, especially whenever I am alone. I cannot eat properly, I have to struggle to fall asleep. And I wake up in the middle of my sleep, screaming and sobbing and shivering,\" she said. She is on medication for anxiety and palpitation and is contemplating seeking help from professional counsellors.Her family is unhappy with the community leaders for not coming to help her. \"Where have the known faces of the community gone? It is a small community. We expect them to stand by us when we are in distress. They have let us down,\" said a family member.The family is now preparing the victim for another round of battle, in court. \"I cannot afford to be weak and unsteady because I have a long fight ahead. I will be able to rest in peace only when the guilty are punished. I am thankful to my family, relatives and friends for their support,\" she said softly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11970851", "title": "Residents demand wall around Ukkadam lake", "text": "COIMBATORE: Residents living near the Ukkadam Lake have approached the collector with the demand to construct a wall around the lake to prevent poisonous creatures from entering houses.In a petition to collector M Karunagaran on Monday, they complained that close proximity to the wetlands have increased the risk of attack from poisonous creatures. \"We are always at the risk and no action has been taken in spite of repeated requests to the district administration,\" said M S Peer Mohammed, a resident near Vincent Road adjoining the wetlands. He said most residents have been here for 40 years. The councillors too did not take it seriously.Besides, the attack from snakes and other poisonous creatures, during the rainy season, water enters their homes. \"R Natrajan promised to sanction Rs 45 lakh to construct the wall,\" he said. Ward councillor A Mohamed Salim said the issue has been raised at the council meet and the officials have already looked into the situation.\"I have assured the sanction of Rs 45 lakh and the rest of the money has to be raised through either MLA fund and the corporation,\" Natrajan told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11964552", "title": "Attitude is like your underwear: Poonam Pandey", "text": "In a span of ten months, model Poonam Pandey has succeeded in becoming a house-hold name world wide.Some applaud her for the bold attitude that she wears while the rest get scandalized on seeing her wear 'almost close to no' clothes!Braving all controversies, the girl has come a long way from becoming a model to an Bollywood actress. But that hasn't stopped her from inciting her followers from going ga-ga over her curves that she keeps flaunting time and again.The girl posted yet another saucy picture of hers with a caption that reads, \"Attitude is like your underwear; you must wear it, but never show it.But then i like Flaunting the right Attitude a lot :P(sic).\"Looks like Poonam loves slipping into her attitude over clothes that can keep her modesty under wraps! But as the girl tweeted, \"It's not what you wear; it's how you take it off (sic)\", Poonam seems to be in love with all the world wide attention that she grabs after her strip acts! What say girlie?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11971015", "title": "200-year-old procession of naga sadhus called off", "text": "Six Persons Died And 30 Hurt In Junagadh StampedeAHMEDABAD: For the first time in over two centuries, the procession of naga bawas (naked sadhus) that marks the celebration of Shivratri in Mount Girnar was called off on Monday after six persons died in a stampede on the outskirts of Junagadh late on Sunday night.Pankaj Trivedi, Junagadh superintendent of police, said akhadas in the area have voluntarily decided to call off the procession, which is taken out just before the midnight bath in Damodar Kund. He said that the bath which is inside the temple will take place but it would be a private affair.The procession ends with a bath in the kund and offering of prayers, marking the end of the five-day Shivratri fair.The cancellation of the procession has resulted in large number of people leaving Junagadh. The administration has also banned entry of private vehicles and buses in Bhavnath area.At least 30 persons were injured in the stampede. Of these, only nine were in hospital and the remaining were discharged on Monday.The stampede that occurred at Pang Nala, an S-shaped drain with a fall of about 75 metres to 100 metres on both sides, was a result of the technical snag in the state transport buses that came face to face. On Sunday at about 6 pm, two state transport buses - one heading for Bhavnath and another towards Junagadh city - came face to face and stopped. Sources said the boundary wall of the bridge on one side gave in because of the chaos, hurtling many people down, resulting in deaths and injuries to the devotees.Maha Mandleshwar Vishwambhar Bharti of Shree Pant Dasnan Juna Akhada said, \"The fund of Rs five crore have already been sanctioned for the widening of the nullah and even having it straightened instead of the curve. But, the project is hanging fire due to internal politics in the district administration.\"Meanwhile, the state government has ordered a high-level inquiry headed by additional chief secretary Varun Maria into the incident. The state government and the Junagadh Municipal Corporation have also announced an ex-gratia amount of Rs 1 lakh each to the family of the deceased and Rs 25,000 to the injured.\"Barring 108 services and government vehicles, no four-wheelers are allowed near Damodar Kund and Bhavnath,\" said Trivedi.The popular fair, which concludes on Shivratri midnight, is an annual affair attended by at least 10 lakh people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11970902", "title": "Mahashivaratri losing pre-eminence among hill festivals", "text": "SHIMLA: From being by far the most important religious festival in much of the higher hills, Mahashivaratri, though celebrated with much fervour in Mandi and at Baijnath, is fast losing out to others festivals across the region.\"In the last 40 years, many changes in religious and cultural lives of hill people have come about,'' said Devisaran Jaret, a retired teacher from Kotgarh.\"Holi and Diwali, which were low key festivals and Karva Chauth which was not even part of the social milieu are being celebrated with much fanfare. Mahashivaratri, which was the most important religious festival in the region, does not have the same standing today,\" he added.Recalling old times, he added, the whole community throughout the year would store grains, oils and arrange for red meat so as to have enough food the three-day festivity.The festival is celebrated as an occasion when Lord Shiva is married to his consort Parvati in accompaniment of music in the snowy world of Mount Kailash.\"With a bonfire to ward of cold, the community would gather and dance to folk songs regarding tales of Lord Shiva that were orally passed onto younger generations over the centuries,\" said Jaret. \"But all that has changed and much of the centuries' old folklore heritage is lost,\" he added.\"Modernity has eroded much of the uniqueness of hill valley cultures. Traditional festivals centred around the local deity has lost ground to other ones,\" said V Tandy, a senior government functionary, who has documented some of the noticeable changes.Even at Mandi, Mahashivaratri or the Kullu Dussehra, the weeklong festivities in their new avatar are showcased as international festivals where cultural troupes and pop stars performances jostle out the local folklore in order to entertain.More than 200 local deities are scheduled to congregate at Mandi by Monday to celebrate the festival that is said to have a legacy dating back to 1526, when the town was founded.\"Mahashivaratri festivities here are to be celebrated from February 21 to 27,\"said Davesh Kumar, the organizing district magistrate of Mandi.At the historic Shiva Temple in Baijnath, Shivaratri is the main festival when the stone-sculpted temple is decorated with flowers. Pilgrims from far and near converge to seek blessing.Legend holds that it was at this temple that Ravana, the king of Lanka, after doing severe penance attained the boon of immortality from the presiding deity.Not only is the musical masterpiece Ravana's Tandav Strotam said to have been created at this temple but to the day as a mark of respect for Ravana, Dussehra festival is not held at the premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11974976", "title": "What keeps Resul away from Mollywood?", "text": "In spite of being from Kerala, sound engineer Resul Pookutty has worked on just one Malayalam film; reasons out why he prefers it that wayOscar-winning Malayali sound engineer Resul Pookutty, who has worked in several national and international films, surprisingly has only one Mollywood film, Pazhassiraja, to his credit. However, that has not stopped him from following the industry closely. The innumerable concerns he has about the state of affairs here is proof of that.Resul's greatest worry, he says, is the lack of time allotted for postproduction that \"takes the zing out of a film technician's job.\"He explains, \"Here, they set the release dates even before the film's shoot has begun. This is the biggest downfall of the Malayalam film industry.\" He also points out that there is a dearth of proper training among Mollywood's technicians. \"Mollywood is probably the only industry in India where you don't need any qualification to be part of filmmaking. As a result, it churns out trash, almost 95 per cent. It is only occasionally that we see some spark of brilliance in Malayalam films,\" he says.Resul also has a problem with the state of cinema halls in Kerala. \"The jarring sound, from the system at the cinema halls, is sure to damage eardrums. I cry every time I hear my work being played here. Not even 30 per cent of the effort that has gone into the work is reflected.\"While Resul did return to Mollywood recently, it was not as a sound engineer. This time around, he was seen onscreen, as himself, in Father's Day.We hear he took up the role as a favour for his friend, the film's debutant lead actor Shehin. \"It's a small role, which I did because of a personal commitment. It's my way of helping people who I believe can make a difference,\" he says, adding, \"I am open to working in Mollywood, but I am extremely tied up at the moment with several international projects. It's not like I want to only be part of 100-crore films, but yes, I do have a price. Cinema is a market and I do demand a price for my value-added services.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11970301", "title": "Roadshow in Kanpur: Rahul Gandhi plays to the gallery", "text": "KANPUR: Seventy-two hours before the campaigning comes to an end, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi put his best foot forward on Monday to garner support for the Congress candidates by holding a five-hour non-stop roadshow. Young girls and women waving tricoloured Congress flags, groups of children waiting by the roadside, vying with each other to shake hands and garland the Congress star campaigner were all there on Monday.What was uppermost in everyone's mind was whether the Gandhi scion's efforts and charisma bear results. However, Rahul Gandhi's 38-km-long roadshow evoked a mixed response as it passed through seven assembly constituencies in the district.Some locals waiting near the Narohna Crossing debated the 41-year-old politician's dedication and whether the Gandhi scion's appeal should be taken seriously or not. \"I'm a daily wage labourer. I've voted for the Samajwadi Party, the BSP (Bahujan Samaj Party) and the BJP in the past assembly elections.This time I might vote for the Congress,\" said Shiv Shanker, a labourer and a resident of Kidwai Nagar. He is worried about poor people. \"I will vote for the Congress because despite having a busy schedule, Congress 'Yuvraj' is going from one place to another in order to get a feel of 'aam-admi' (common man).\"Local Congressmen were of the view that the roadshow would leave a deep impact on the voters and pave way for the candidates locked in the electoral battle. \"I am confident, his visit will disturb the mathematics of many,\" claimed a senior PCC member, Rizwan Hamid.Said Shad Ahmed, a trader of Ram Narain Bazar: \"It's enough, and now people want a good and clean governance, and I think the Congress should be given a chance to form the next government.\"\"Rahul is simple sober and down to earth man. Shaking hands with Rahul Gandhi was tremendous experience. I am feeling very much privileged after this wonderful meeting and wish him all the best for his future,\" said Ragini, a university student.\"I was always watching him giving speeches on television. So witnessing him in person was an awesome experience for me,\" said Kavya, a BTech student.Clad in a white kurta, he stood at the footboard of a white coloured specially designed luxury bus bearing a slogan 'Utho, Jago Badlo Uttar Pradesh', with Special Protection Group (SPG) sleuths covering him from all sides. He waved to the crowds, shook hands and exchanged smiles and 'namaskar' with his fans, supporters and voters, with whom he even tried to interact at many junctions.The roadshow started from Ahirwan Chakeri area where hundreds of Congress workers greeted Rahul and shouted slogans amidst showering of rose-petals.It then reached Ramadevi, Harjinder Nagar, Lal Bangla, Ompurwa, Jaghaipurwa, Cantt, Mall road, Chunniganj, Lala Lajpat Rai hospital, Govind Nagar, Kidwai Nagar, Bagahi Bhatta and culminated at Tat Mill area.The Congress candidates of the seven assembly segments, Maharajpur-Dharampal Singh Chauhan, Cantt-Abdul Mannan, Sisamau-Sanjiv Dariyabadi, Arya Nagar-Anil Sharma, Govind Nagar-Shailendra Dikshit, Kidwai Nagar-Ajay Kapoor and Kalyanpur-Devi Tewari, stood with the Gandhi scion one by one as the vehicle zoomed through one constituency to another - before winding up the roadshow at the Tat Mill crossing.In his roadshow near Bagahi Bhatta in Cantonment area on Monday, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi had to face an awkward situation when some youths tried to show black flags to him. Some youths were seen running behind his luxury bus shouting slogans like 'Rahul Gandhi wapas jao', 'Rahul Gandhi wapas jao' (Rahul Gandhi go back).Only a few days back, firebrand Samajwadi Party (SP) leader Azam Khan, while campaigning in Phulpur, Allahabad, had showered praises on the student leaders of SP who managed to break the SPG cordon on three occasions and showed black flags to Rahul.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "11971976", "title": "'Officials must change attitude'", "text": "BOKARO: Deputy CM Hemant Soren on Monday said the state government officials should change their attitude towards work. \"Otherwise the government would identify such officials and take strict action against them. The bureaucrats which are going out of control should have to come change their work style,\" he said. Soren, however, made his stand clear over CNT Act saying that implementation of the act will now be done in a better way.\"The act is already there and the government has to implement it properly. It is a very sensitive matter which many political leaders are politicizing for mere publicity which should not be done,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "11971045", "title": "Officials pass the back over use of banned polythene banners in Haryana", "text": "KARNAL: Use of polythene banners to propagate various vaccination drives being carried out by the state health department has landed the authorities in a soup, as, despite having been told by the state pollution control board to desist from the practice, they went ahead and put up lakhs of polythene banners in the state on Friday morning.The TOI had recently highlighted the issue, following which the Karnal health department had decided not to put up any polythene banner in future. However, the state health department, without paying any heed to the issue, released lakhs of polythene banners which came up across 20 districts in the state.When TOI got in touch with health authorities at district and state levels, chief medical officers of Karnal, Panipat and Sonipat maintained that polythene banners had been supplied by the state health department. On the other hand, deputy director, health, Suresh Dalpat, said that they had only provided funds, while the banners were got made by the district authorities. He however could not explain as to how printing of all the banners, which came up across the state, remained the same everywhere.Chairman, State Pollution Control Board, R R Jowel, said it was a grave issue and the department would take appropriate action against any CMO found guilty of violating the ban on polythene. The department would also find out as to which unit had made these polythene banners and, if need be, it would be sealed for the violation, he said.Meanwhile, director general, health, Haryana, Dr Narvir Singh, when contacted, feigned ignorance about polythene banners. Admitting that it was a serious issue, the DG said the department could not use polythene banners. Polythene banners mentioning details about the polio drive, commencing on February 19 and ending on February 21, had come up everywhere in the state.According to sources within the health department, many officials had opposed the move to get polythene banner printed, but some commission agents managed to prevail upon the higher-ups and got the polythene banners made. It is not understood how senior officials of the department could violate the ban, they said.The lapses on the part of health department also did not go down well with various NGOs working on environmental issues. Harshit, chairman of Chandigarh-based Dharti Foundation, said that the complete ban imposed by the Haryana government was a welcome step. \"However, it was quite unfortunate that the health department, which was responsible for the health of general masses, was itself violating the ban. The foundation would take up the matter at the highest possible level and would also write to Haryana chief minister for immediate intervention,\" he said.Sunita Rani of Abhiyan Foundation, another NGO working in the same field, said they had raised the issue many times, but the authorities remained unaffected. She said it was disappointing to note that the government department was violating the ban, which was imposed after direct intervention by chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda , who had himself made an announcement in this regard in October last.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11969879", "title": "Govt is not spending for minority: HDK", "text": "HUBLI: JD(S) state president H D Kumarswamy alleged on Sunday that the BJP government has cheated people of the minority community people by not spending the money meant for their welfare.Speaking at the JD(S) minority community convention here on Sunday, Kumarswamy said that as per budget proposals, the state government has reserved Rs. 38 crore for the welfare of minority students, who are studying in high school in the state. Of this, the government has released only Rs 3.48 crore so far, he said.Apart from this, Rs 12 crore has been kept aside for the welfare of the children, who belong to the minority community. Of this, only Rs 1.20 crore has been released so far, he said.Kumarswamy also alleged that the Congress has used minority committee as their vote banks and misused them. He requested the minority community people that \"Till now you have given chance to the Congress party. But give one chance to our party to run government for five years, then you can see the difference\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "11971995", "title": "Students display skill at science exhibition", "text": "GARHWA: Boys and girls of various schools displayed their scientific skill during a two-day Palamu division-level science exhibition organized by Garhwa district education department under the iInspire scheme of the Union science and technology department and in association with the state government at the local Rama Sahu High School Ground here on February 19 and 20.Participants of 464 schools displayed their models in the science exhibition. Among them, 434 schools were alone from Garhwa district while there were 15 each from Palamu and Lathehar districts. Students of a madrassa, Siraj-ul-uloom, too, displayed a model in the exhibition this time.Various models were displayed by the school students that included water conservation, energy conservation , solar energy , water filtration, suspension bridge, missiles, environment conservation and new technique of agriculture among others. The models of suspension bridge displayed by Urdu Upgraded Middle School of Tedi Harayya (Garhwa) and missile technology of Nagar Untari High School were the main attraction of the science exhibition. Garhwa MLA Satyendra Nath Tiwari, who was chief guest, inaugurated the science exhibition. DDC Ravindra Prasad Singh, SDM A Muthu Kumar and civic body chairperson Anita Dutt were guests of honour.Tiwari said science could play a great role in all-round development of society. \"Science exhibition is the best effort for boosting knowledge of science among the school students. Keen interest in science predicts bright future of school students,\" said Tiwari.Singh said, \"The government has launched an ambitious scheme for school students for boosting their interest in science.\" Garhwa SDM A Muthu Kumar stressed the need of organizing such exhibitions regularly. DEO Uday Narayan Sharma said taking part in a large number of students in the science exhibition is an achievement in itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11970516", "title": "Mahashivratri: Devotees take out Shiv Baraat", "text": "KANPUR: The festival of Maha Shivratri was celebrated with religious fervour in the city on Monday. Thousands of devotees thronged the Shiv temples to worship the deity. Special prayers were held at Parmath and Siddhnath temples. Other temples including Kherepati Baba Mandir (Phool Bagh), Jageshwar Temple (Nawabganj), Omkareshwar, Nageshwar and Khereshwar too witnessed huge crowds on the occasion.Candidates contesting in assembly election too turned up to pray for their victory. The temples remained busy throughout the day, with devotees chanting 'Om Namah Shivay' and 'Har Har Mahadev'. The devotees offered milk, 'bel patra' and fruits to the Lord Shiva.At Parmath Temple, the Shivratri celebrations began in the wee hours of Monday. A special Shiv Mahaarti was held on the occasion. The Kanvariyas also took out processions near the temple. The devotees also consumed 'bhaang' in form of 'thandai' and 'laddoos' as prasad.Temple priests said that more crowds turned up this year, as the festival fell on Monday. \"The Siddnath Temple in Jajmau remains a centre of attraction for all devotees of Lord Shiva throughout the year. It is on the day of Maha Shivratri that Shiv Baraat is taken out with all pomp and show as it was on this day that Lord Shiva had married Parwati\", said Ramraj Yadav, a member of the Siddnath Temple Committee.Shikha, a devotee standing for hours outside the Kherepati Temple, said that the devotion towards Lord Shiva can be witnessed through the crowd that visited the temples on Maha Shivratri. People also kept fast and ate fruits to appease the Almighty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11969011", "title": "Extreme winter means costlier summer staples", "text": "MUMBAI: The whimsical mood swings of the fruit and vegetable market have thrown up another paradox. Vineyard produce like cucumber and grapes are summer staples and hardly see demand during winter, especially given the extreme chill seen this year. Still, prices are soaring to unprecedented heights with a single cucumber costing Rs 10, or Rs 80 per kg.Pomegranate has hit new highs of Rs 180 per kg, while both green and black grapes are selling for an astronomical Rs 100-120, up from the average Rs 60-70 in summer.Vendors say the bitter winter has damaged the vines. Like the cucumber creepers of Karnataka, the fabled vineyards of Nashik have seen layers of ice form upon grape leaves, leading them to turn black. The seed has split down the middle. This has caused supplies to become erratic, raising prices to unprecedented levels.Monday evening, a homemaker from Bandra shopping for salad requirements was shocked to find that a single small cucumber cost Rs 10. Shivcharan Gupta, a vendor in Pali Naka, confirmed that the item, which is technically a fruit but eaten like a vegetable, has been selling for Rs 80 per kg since a week. \"The normal rate is Rs 28-32 per kg, but this year, the bitter cold has destroyed the crop, so arrivals are slow. Customers are not buying at this astronomical rate,\" he says.The small, white cucumber commonly sold in the bazaar is the one households consume, while the elongated green variety is picked up by hotels and bulk consumers.Wholesaler Dilip Kumar Gupta says, \"Retail costs are marked up by Rs 10-15 over wholesale prices owing to transportation and wastage. Last week, white cucumber was sold for Rs 25-30 in Vashi, so naturally costs rose to Rs 60 in the neighbourhood market.\"Hotels and Restaurants are using less of each. The slices of cucumber in a regular vegetable sandwich are fewer and thinner while mixed fruit juice has less grape and more sweet lime or pineapple. \"Cucumber is a staple in our vegetable sandwich so we cannot entirely abandon it but we are certainly placing fewer slices between our bread,\" says Nagesh Naik of Ramnath Snacks which is frequented by the office workers of Lower Parel.In Vile Parle, Shri Annapurna Juice Centre is trying its best to absorb the high cost of grapes by buying smaller quantities. \"Fortunately, customers do not choose the juice of grapes alone, they prefer a mix with sweet lime or pineapple. So we add volume by using more of the other fruits. Hopefully, prices will normalise soon,\" says staffer Chaitanya Jawle. Jawle's worries are concentrated on pomegranate that has hit Rs 180 per kg in his local market. The juice of this fruit is sold solo, with not even the fig leaf cover afforded by dilution.Two years ago in Malad, a quarrel over the price of a cucumber had cost a young student, Surendra Sonkamble, his life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11969561", "title": "Armed men loot retail outlet, flee with cash", "text": "GURGAON: Three masked gunmen looted Rs 13,000 cash from the Vishal Mega Mart outlet in Sector 14 on Sunday night. Police have lodged an FIR in the matter.According to the police, three masked men on a motorcycle reached the retail chain's outlet in Sector 14 around 10:40pm on Sunday when the security guards were closing the outlet. The three took the security guards and the staff inside hostage on gunpoint and looted Rs 13,000 cash from the cash counter. Police reached the outlet soon after and issued an alert across the city but the robbers had escaped by then.\"By the time the robbers struck, we had finished counting of cash and there was not a single customer in the store,\" said Amit Kumar, the outlet manager. \"We have asked the manager to provide the CCTV footage. We will arrest the accused soon,\" said Dr. Abhay Singh Rao, DCP (West).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11970929", "title": "After Nagaur, Sufi fest to enthrall Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR: After Nagaur, it's the turn of 'Sun City' Jodhpur to savour the mesmerizing Sufi melodies as the World Sufi Spirit Festival's musical journey shifts to the city.The festival began on February 16 at Nagaur and will draw to a close at the magnificent and historic Mehrangarh Fort on the February 21, 2012.The Mehrangarh Fort, will bring Sufi traditions from the Indian Ocean with the rituals of Mayotte and of famous Zanzibar; poets and singers from Iran, drums from deepest Africa, singing from the nomadic steppes of Mongolia , Jew's harps from China, Sufi singing and dances from the Nile, while showing off the wealth of Rajasthan's traditional heritage, a heritage at the crossroads of Indian, Afghan, Moghol, Arab and Persian civilisations, between Hinduism and Sufi Islam. Magnificent choreographic and musical shows will illustrate the very origin of this spirituality and reveal the age-old art of those pilgrims from the past.\"For the first time since its inception five years back, this world famous Sufi event, earlier called the Nagaur Sufi Festival and held at Ahichhatragarh Fort there, has now gone beyond Nagaur as it will be held at two venues from now onwards and will be called the World Sufi Spirit Festival,\" Karni Singh Jasol, director, Mehrangarh Fort, said.For wider exposure and popularity, the fest has been taken to Jodhpur this year. \"But this does not mean that we are diluting the significance of Nagaur, which is an ancient centre of Sufism after Ajmer in the state. So Nagaur will continue to be the main centre of the event,\" co-director of the fest, Shivranjini Rajye, said.\"So after holding the fest for three days in Nagaur from February 16 to 18, we have extended it for two more days, February 20 and 21, at Jodhpur to give the city yet another exotic music festival apart from RIFF, dedicated to Sufism by blending the local folk art with it,\" Jasol added.Artistic director of the event and organizer of top five Sufi festivals in the world, Alain Weber, who has been associated with the festival since past two years, said they are striving to make it one of the biggest music festivals of the world.On choosing India for the event, Weber asserted that because Sufism's religious foundations go back to the Vedas and its ability to preserve its traditions, India is seen as a precursor not only for carrying on its own heritage but also for greeting other traditions of the world who are struggling for recognition. \"Given the captivating canvas and cultural heritage, Mehrangarh Fort is a befitting venue for the event,\" he said. The fort is a medieval -fortress-turned-museum, is perched on the highest point in Jodhpur, and is also known as 'The Citadel of the Sun'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11971421", "title": "\u2018Keep SMS lingo away from answer sheets\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Exam fever is running high with the Higher Secondary Certificate (HSC) examinations beginning on Tuesday. While students are busy preparing for their papers, lecturers and exam moderators are busy sharing last minute advice with their students. While \"Don't Panic\" seems to be the most common advice, another common feature students are being advised against is the use of SMS lingo during examinations.\"We still get some answer sheets with these errors. Whenever we come across such mistakes in papers during moderation, we keep briefing our own college students on the same,\" said Kamakshi Mohan, professor at SIES College and an Economics paper moderator. While professors agreed that use of SMS lingo in answer sheets has come down in the past few years, some students still opt for the easy way out.\"Once the answer sheet is checked by an examiner, it goes to the moderator for a second round of correction and these are the exact silly mistakes that moderators are looking for. Answer sheets are scrutinised very carefully so it is important that students avoid spelling mistakes and SMS lingo,\" said Jyoti Thakur, head of the science department at Jai Hind College.Examiners also collectively agreed that these errors are mostly found in papers like History, Economics and especially English. \"English is an exceptionally lengthy paper and invariably, students end up using short cuts in answers. I have found a lot of mistakes especially towards the end of the answer sheet,\" said a moderator for the subject.The moderator added that often students from the commerce stream make these mistakes. \"Students from the Arts stream are very careful about the language they use and Science students cannot afford to take short-cuts,\" she added.Allan Danis, science student from St Andrews' College, Bandra, said, \"Most of the words that I tend to write in abbreviated forms are the smaller ones, which are used very often in the paper. While writing bigger words, I am careful and have never used SMS language. Our teachers have warned us before the exams. For English, we have to be extra cautious.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11970150", "title": "Gomala is govt land, says official", "text": "Refuting the claims of Chellakere villagers that gomala land has been transferred without any consultation, Chitradurga deputy commissioner Vipul Bansal told TOI that it was government property owned by the animal husbandry department. \"The Amrut Mahal Kaval land was reserved during British rule as free pasture for raising Amruth Mahal, an indigenous cattle breed. In recent years, the land was converted to a centre for cross-breeding sheep. The project was a failure and ever since, the land has been unused,\" he said.\"We're not handing it to any private company, but to government of India organizations. The decision to transfer land was taken by the government with cabinet approval. There's no question of flouting of norms,\" he added.The northern part of Challakere, where the ambitious project is coming up, is dry land, hit by drought year after year. Due to irregular rain and lack of irrigation, farming is on the decline. While groundnut is the single crop grown in the area, those who take up sowing by middle of June often end up losing even the seeds as there's no rain. Sheep husbandry is a primary source of sustenance and livelihood for the people here, consisting mainly of Kurba and Gollar shepherding communities. According to the deputy director of animal husbandry, the sheep population in Chitradurga district is about 7.15 lakh, of which 2.46 lakh are being reared in Challakere alone.The shepherding economy is under threat due to lack of credit and marketing facilities, spread of disease and rapid decline of grazing areas and water bodies. \"Compound walls are being built and we're not allowed to go inside the area. Where else do we graze our animals? It's the only land in the vicinity where there's some green grass,\" said J Boraiah, a shepherd. He said he sold his livestock of about 150 sheep and goats last month as grazing has became increasingly difficult.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11968605", "title": "BMC can change transit camp for tenants: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: There is nothing illegal in the BMC shifting tenants from one transit accommodation to another, said the Bombay High Court recently.The court was hearing a petition by tenants of a municipal chawl in Parel who are to be shifted to a regular transit accommodation a decade after they were housed in a school.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka heard a petition filed by Harishchandra Sawant and others after the BMC, on June 28, 2011, issued them a notice to shift to the transit accommodation. The petitioners were residents of Bogdha Chawl on Jerbai Wadia Road, Parel. They were among 205 tenants who were shifted to the transit accommodation in 1998 at Baradevi Municipal School on Acharya Donde Marg, Wani Chawl and Pratiksha Nagar. The petitioners occupy the third and fourth floors of the dilapidated school.An earlier bench had rapped the BMC for the delay. After seeing pictures of the new transit camp, the court had said, \"Don't treat people as animals.'' According to the petition, the tenants formed a cooperative housing society. In June 2005 BMC gave permission to Tejaswini Group to redevelop the chawl but in May 2010 issued a show cause notice for termination for not beginning the work. BMC has now told the court that a new developer has been appointed and construction shall commence within 36 months from the date of issue of commencement certificate.Petitioner's advocate P G Lad said that reconstruction of permanent accommodation has taken a long time already and the action of BMC in trying to remove them from the presenting temporary alternate accommodation to shift them to another temporary alternate accommodation is neither legal nor proper. The judges at the hearing on February 10, 2012 disagreed. Prima facie we do not see any breach of any particular state or GR (government resolution) in regard to the impugned action,'' they said, adding that no interference is called for by the court.At the request of Lad that the children's ensuing school exams are to take place in April, the judges in the interest of justice'' directed BMC not to effect the shifting till April 31, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11970251", "title": "STD/PCO booths asked to install CCTVs", "text": "RAJKOT: As one of the measures against acts of terrorism, city police commissioner Geeta Johri issued a notification to owners of STD/PCO booths, asking them to install CCTV cameras at their business establishments.It highlights the perceived threat of terrorism via STD/PCO booths. \"It has been observed that terrorists and other criminals use public telephone booths for carrying out nefarious activities. Apart from actual terror related calls, these booths are also used for giving hoax calls that become a headache for police. In order to check this, booth owners are required to follow certain instructions,\" read the notification.Further on, it asks the booth owners to maintain a register of callers' identity including his government authorized identity card, address and cellphone number. The owners have also been asked to install CCTV cameras with night vision and high resolution and preserve the footage at least for one month for police record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "cape town", "code": "11971286", "title": "South Africa grapples with mining trouble", "text": "CAPE TOWN: While the top mining companies operating in South Africa have emphasized on sustainability challenges that the industry faces at the world's largest mining event - Mining Indaba, a debate is on who would fund the rehabilitation of approximately 6,000 derelict and ownerless (D&O; ) mining pits in the country.Deputy minister of mineral resources, Godfrey Oliphant told a gathering at an event organized by Brand South Africa said that their government has prepared a plan to rehabilitate them at an investment of at least 35 million and - approximately $5 million. A senior official in the mineral resources department said that this figure could touch even $7 million.\"In most of these cases (D&O; ), the original miners have left the mining industry and in some cases they have even left the country.\"The department developed a strategy for the rehabilitation of the D&O; mines, and the strategy is currently being implemented,\" Oliphant said.Sources in the mineral resources department said that they are seeking support of private players in the industry to help the government in rehabilitating these scars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11969608", "title": "Quality of life in city badly hit, say experts", "text": "PUNE: The indicators of quality of life, like water, air, health, food, transport, safety, security, and outdoor recreation, have been adversely affected in the city over the years and access to nature was the worst hit, said Erach Bharucha, director, Institute of Environment Education &amp; Research. He also said that environment-related diseases were on the rise in the city.Bharucha was speaking at a workshop on 'Panchatattva harmony - Sustainable lifestyle for all,' on Monday as part of the Vasundhara International Film Festival.\"We have to think of the city as a human being. We are losing the lung spaces of Pune. The open spaces are being converted for development purpose. It is said that 4% construction will be allowed on hills but we fail to realise that it will mean 10-15% with other associated developments like roads, electricity supply, etc, taking place. All around the city garbage is overflowing and pollution-related diseases are on the rise,'' he said.\"We are all responsible for the sorry state of affairs. Looking at the economic, social and environmental issues, it is time we move from unsustainable to sustainable ways. We can take up a lot of activities connected to water, land use, air pollution, among others, to make Pune sustainable,'' Bharucha added.The other panelists discussed the five elements - earth, air, water, energy and space - on similar lines, besides speaking about the salient features of Pune's environment and how one can contribute towards a sustainable lifestyle.Noted ecologist Madhav Gadgil said that the natural resources were being misutilized. \"This is not a new trend, it was there earlier also. People are spending much more and we do not know where this is going to lead,'' he said.Town planner Aneeta Benninger said: \" 'How can I consume more' is the goal today. Development is directly related to consumption. How much land a man needs is the question.''Speaking on 'water', Vijay Paranjpye, environment expert and president of NGO Gomukh, pointed out that at present beautification of river or navigation was not needed. \"If the river is highly polluted it has to go to hospital (restoration) and not to a beauty parlour (beautification). Rather we have to see that by 2025, the release of sewage and industrial effluents into rivers be stopped. Thus, the most important factor is restoration of the rivers,'' he said.Conservation architect Chetan Sahasrabudhe said that earlier 'place making' was rich and thought provoking. But now it is dry and sterile and degraded urban environment. \"Earlier, importance was given to open spaces and there used to be courtyards. We have to understand that both culture and environment should be given due consideration during planning layouts,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11975040", "title": "Girishh: Impressing filmmakers", "text": "Marina's music composer Girishh seems to have impressed directors in Kollywood with his evocative score for the film.While Ameer, Sasikumar and Prakash Raj mentioned the youngster's music while praising the film, director Meera Kathiravan (who earlier made Aval Peyar Tamizharasi), actually called him up when he was a part of a live-in show on a popular television channel and appreciated him.\"He introduced himself and said that he found the background score to be of a quality that is often found in Hollywood films and praised me on air. I was touched,\" says the engineer-turned-composer. Interestingly, Girishh has worked as a conductor of orchestras in the UK, and says that his stints with pop bands in the UK helped him when working on Marina. The composer reveals that he has received three to four offers but wants to pick and choose his next project with care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11969015", "title": "Supercar crash: Cyclist suffers partial paralysis", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kishan Lal's cautious routine of leaving home early for work to avoid the traffic failed him on Sunday. His belief of 18 years - cycling is safe and pleasant early in the morning - crumbled as an out-of-control Lamborghini supercar broke into the BRT cycling lane and hammered into him before slowing to a halt some metres ahead. The school guard fell critically hurt. He had severe injuries in the head, chest, cervical spine and his ribs were fractured due to the impact. Doctors at AIIMS Trauma Centre, where he is admitted, said both his hands and legs are partially paralysed.\"There is weakness in the limbs and he cannot stand. He is bedridden. An MRI of the spinal cord will be conducted on Tuesday to check whether the immobility is caused due to compression of nerves. If so, Lal would need to undergo a de-compression surgery,\" said Dr Deepak Aggarwal, neurosurgeon at the trauma centre. He also mentioned the patient's fractures in the cervical spine.Dr MC Misra, chief of the centre, placed Lal's chances of making a complete recovery at 50:50. \"Lal's body is battered from top to bottom. His head is badly injured; the cervical spine, chest and ribs are broken into several parts. He is conscious but can barely speak. The biggest risk is that the spinal cord injury may leave him paralysed for life. We are doing our best to save him.\"The family of the accident victim is optimistic. \"My father will recover from the injuries. It may take time, though,\" said Hemraj, Lal's eldest son who works in a private company. Hemraj said that his father had working at a kindergarten school in Lajpat Nagar for 18 years. \"He was very punctual. Every day, he would cycle from our house in Dakshinpuri, Ambedkar Nagar to his workplace at 5am to avoid heavy traffic and speeding vehicles. Papa was riding in the cycle lane on the BRT corridor when the car hit him. The accident took place at 5.30 am but we were informed about it six hours later, around 11.30 am,\" Hemraj added. Prem, the younger son, rued that no one from the school where his father worked had visited him in hospital.Early Sunday morning, a young south Delhi realtor, Anukool Rishi, was driving his Lamborghini sportscar at a high speed when he lost control. The car hit Lal as it crashed into a bus stop railing on the Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) corridor near Panchsheel Enclave. Rishi died on the spot and Lal, who received severe head injuries, was rushed to the AIIMS Apex Trauma Centre where he is battling for life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11969656", "title": "Metro services to go up by March end", "text": "KOLKATA: The Metro Railway will increase its number of services from 236 at present to 270 by the end of March. This will be in keeping with an announcement by Mamata Banerjee in the 2011 Railway Budget. The peak-hour frequency won't go up though as the Metro still lacks adequate number of rakes. The new services will be weaved into the system during the non-peak period.\"In the last year, we have increased the number of services from 214 to 236. We shall take the number of services upto 270 by the end of this financial year. However, we shall leave the peak-hour frequency of six minutes untouched. The increase in frequency will help accommodate the additional commuters that will avail of the Metro by the end of March. The Pranabananda Halt station in the Sealdah South section of Eastern Railway is ready for use. This station will be the link between the Eastern Railway's South suburban and Metro Railway networks,\" said P B Murty, general manager, Metro Railway.In fact, Murty ruled out the possibility of a frequency increase any time soon, though automatic signals will be in place in the next few months. Even if eight more AC rakes do arrive by the end of March 2013, as announced by railways minister Dinesh Trivedi , the Metro will have to start phasing out conventional rakes that are well past their codal life. Till more rakes come in, the Metro won't be in a comfortable position to reduce the time between two trains to less than six minutes.The Metro carries nearly 5.5 lakh commuters every day. Officials believe that the number will go up by 30,000-40,000 once the link with the suburban network is made. A large number of commuters from places like Baruipur and Sonarpur will no longer travel by local trains up to Sealdah but get off at Pranabananda Halt, walk down to the Kavi Subhas station and take a metro link to the central business district. The link up to New Garia (Kavi Subhas) was opened a long time ago but the number of commuters did not go up significantly as it is quite a distance between the Metro station and Garia - the nearest suburban station. The Pranabananda Halt was created to sort out this problem.\"We have designed the halt station like a Metro one. There are eight dispersal gates. Two each will be on the Up and Down platforms, two will lead to the Kavi Subhas station while the remaining will lead out to the Panchashayer Road. The halt station also has two escalators for the Up and Down platforms,\" said Protyush Ghosh, DGM (G), Metro Railway.Metro officials may be upbeat over this situation but commuters from the original stretch between Mahanayak Uttam Kumar and Dum Dum are keeping their fingers crossed. After the elevated stretch up to New Garia was thrown open, Up trains that arrived at Mahanayak Uttam Kumar during peak hours were filled to capacity. The situation got worse at the Rabindra Sarobar, Kalighat and Jatin Das Park stations.A quantum leap of 40,000 is bound to make the situation worse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "11970967", "title": "Punjab silent on Mother Language Day", "text": "BARNALA: Linguists, poets and writers have sounded alarm bells over the need to preserve Punjabi language on the eve of Mother Language Day, observed every year on February 21. This is proved beyond point by the fact that while there might not be much lined up in celebrating the Mother Language Day on this side of Punjab, across the border scores of theatre groups are observing the day in a big way at Lahore.Sahitya Akademy award winner writer Jaswant Kanwal said if not taken care of, the Punjabi language could extinct in the decades to come. Kanwal said, \"Punjabi is fast disappearing from Punjab due to lethargic approach of successive governments.\"Theatre group Punjab Lok Rahs is observing the day by organizing folk dances and plays across Lahore at prominent places with the theme 'Maa boli dehaar te nachda Punjab'(Dancing Punjab on Mother Language Day). Rahs organizer Qaisar Abbas in an email from Lahore said, \"We are observing the Mother Language Day by holding plays devoted to Punjabi language showcasing rich language and cultural heritage of Punjab through folk dances like Dharees, Jhoomer, Gatka and Bhangra.\"Punjabi, having a rich cultural heritage, is getting out of 'sikhya' (education), 'sanskriti' (culture), 'sabhyata' (civilization) and 'sarkar' (government), but the governments seem more interested in establishing themselves than saving the language,\" said Punjabi exponent and Punjab Language Advisory Board member and writer Om Parkash Gasso. Gasso, who is also Shiromani Sahitkar award winner, said, \"Subsequent governments have failed miserably in propagation of the language as merely framing laws to protect language are not sufficient.\"\"The folklore traditions or tendencies are getting enlivened only by certain groups, and the officialdom is more interested in flouting norms associated with the Punjab Language Act enacted in 2008, than protecting it. Though the language Act has a punitive clause as well, no one has been penalized and the language is failing to get its due,\" said Shiromani award winner Punjabi writer Megh Raj Mittar.Though teaching of Punjabi had been made compulsory in all schools, including those under CBSE, up to class XII, authorities fail to know whether schools are practicing it in letter and spirit. Recently authorities at a Sangrur-based prestigious school had beaten six class-VII students for speaking Punjabi on the campus. The students had strict instructions only to talk in Hindi or English except in Punjabi period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11975382", "title": "Madhuri to star opposite Akshay in Ko remake!", "text": "If all goes well, Madhuri will co-star with Akshay Kumar in the Hindi remake of Ko.Following the trend of remaking south films in Hindi, actor Akshay Kumar has bought the rights of the super hit Tamil film Ko. Apparently, the actor who was in search of a lead actress has offered the plump role to Madhuri Dixit .According to an industry source, Akshay has spoken to Madhuri about being a part of Ko and has also given her the script to read. Madhuri, we hear, although excited about the project hasn't signed on the dotted line, yet. 'Ko' requires two heroines. Akshay, we hear, was initially keen to cast Kareena Kapoor and Katrina Kaif for the same film, but decided otherwise.The Ko remake, tentatively titled Satygraha, will go on floors soon this year. The Tamil political thriller, Ko was directed by K.V Anand. Actor Jeeva and Karthika Nair played main leads in the film. The Hindi remake of Ko will be directed by Prakash Jhan for Hari Om Productions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chitradurga", "code": "11970238", "title": "Challakere Science City taking away our livelihood, claim shepherds", "text": "CHITRADURGA: Even as premier science institutes at the proposed science and research hub at Kudapura in Challakere have begun to raise their compound walls, villagers in the vicinity, who largely depend on sheep rearing for a living, claim their livelihood is being snatched away.Residents of Doddaullarti, Nerlagunte, Gorlattu and several other villages around the project site are up in the arms against the district administration for allotting 8,000 acres for the science cluster. They claim it's pastureland for their sheep and goats.Villagers, organized under different banners like the All India Kisan Sabha, are opposing the township where the Indian Institute of Science, Indian Space Research Organisation, Bhabha Atomic Research Centre and Defence Research &amp; Development Organisation will set up their centres. The villagers contend that the 8,000 acres belonging to Amrut Mahal Kaval, a gomala (free grazing) land.\"Despite the high court order that gomala land should not be sold or transferred for any reason, the district administration has handed it over to these organizations. The decision was taken without consulting locals and unmindful of their problems and socio-economic status,\" said Murugha Rajendra Wadeyar, an activist and farmer leader.But the district administration denied this. Deputy commissioner Vipul Bansal told TOI it was government property owned by the animal husbandry department. \"The Amrut Mahal Kaval land was reserved during British rule as free pasture for raising Amruth Mahal, an indigenous cattle breed. In recent years, the land was converted to a centre for cross-breeding sheep. The project was a failure and ever since, the land has been unused,\" he said.\"We're not handing it to any private company, but to government of India organizations. The decision to transfer land was taken by the government with cabinet approval. There's no question of flouting of norms,\" he added.The northern part of Challakere, where the ambitious project is coming up, is dry land, hit by drought year after year. Due to irregular rain and lack of irrigation, farming is on the decline. While groundnut is the single crop grown in the area, those who take up sowing by middle of June often end up losing even the seeds as there's no rain. Sheep husbandry is a primary source of sustenance and livelihood for the people here, consisting mainly of Kurba and Gollar shepherding communities. According to the deputy director of animal husbandry, the sheep population in Chitradurga district is about 7.15 lakh, of which 2.46 lakh are being reared in Challakere alone.The shepherding economy is under threat due to lack of credit and marketing facilities, spread of disease and rapid decline of grazing areas and water bodies. \"Compound walls are being built and we're not allowed to go inside the area. Where else do we graze our animals? It's the only land in the vicinity where there's some green grass,\" said J Boraiah, a shepherd. He said he sold his livestock of about 150 sheep and goats last month as grazing has became increasingly difficult.Villagers eke out a living by selling milk and meat in nearby towns and cities. Challakere is famous for kambali (woven blankets of sheep wool) made by the Kurubas. \"The kambali industry is already hit due to unavailability of wool and low wages for labourers. Unable to maintain their livestock, people here have begun to sell them and are migrating to other places. Transferring grazing land by the government is making the situation worse,\" said Doddaullarti Kariyanna, a farmer leader.\"We have protested many times demanding the government vacate the Amrut Mahal Kaval land. But the administration is indifferent. Let the science hub come up elsewhere in the taluk, not on grazing land,\" said R Girish of the Woolen Handloom Weavers Production and Sales Corporation Society, Doddaullarti. The villagers said they have now decided move the High Court seeking justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11974343", "title": "Shamin\u2019s wife completes their \u2018labour of love\u2019", "text": "Priyanka shoots day and night along with actors Emraan Hashmi and Neha Dhupia to realise the dream left unfinished by her late husbandA year after Shamin Desai lost his battle against cancer , his wife Priyanka has decided to take their 'labour of love' forward. Shamin's directorial starring Emraan Hashmi and Neha Dhupia and titled Raftaar 24x7, has been revived by his wife and producers Percept Picture Company. The film is now racing towards the finish line in Goa. And Priyanka along with the cast and crew is leaving no stone unturned to realise her late husband's dream.Shooting three songs in just three days is no joke. But along with Emraan Hashmi, Priyanka has achieved the task. On location, on the beaches of Goa, Candolim, Mandarin and Ashwem, the actor has been shooting day and night for the leftover tracks of the film.Starting his day at 8.30 am, the actor along with the crew continues shoot till late evening. Even with a bad cold, Emraan has been managing the cut-to-cut shoot schedule so that the late director's film gets to see the light of day as soon as possible.Apart from the three songs, handled meticulously by Shamin's DOP Shiraz, a few leftover scenes have been shot by his wife Priyanka. Talking to Mumbai Mirror, an emotional Priyanka said, \"Shamin wasn't just my husband. He was my creative partner. We had worked in over 150 ad shoots together. Then we got married. When he planned the film, we used to talk about it night and day. It is our labour of love and passion.\"Over two decades back, K Asif's widow Begum Akhtar had revived the project Love And God that was abandoned with the death of her husband in 1971. Priyanka's travails reminds one of Begum Akhtar's.Interestingly, Priyanka and Shamin had launched their production house in 2003. It was named PS Films, with their initials. Uncannily, this name reminds her of PS I Love You, a story about a widow who embarks upon a new life with the help of her late husband's little tokens of love.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11969660", "title": "UP polls a big picnic for Gandhi family: Mayawati", "text": "NEW DELHI: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Mayawati has seized upon Robert Vadra's growing public profile to direct a sharp putdown at the Gandhi family.\"For the Gandhi family, UP elections have always been a big picnic. Brother, sister, mother and now even brother-in-law come for outings, sometimes with foreign friends,\" Mayawati said in an interview to Al Jazeera TV channel.The jibe came a day after Vadra confounded many in Congress circles by ruling out joining politics. Recent comments of Priyanka Gandhi's husband, who had earlier led a motorcycle rally in Congress's support, had sparked speculation whether he was preparing to enter the political fray.Mayawati also made light of Rahul Gandhi's challenge by saying he was working only for the 2014 national elections.In the exclusive interview to the TV channel, the BSP boss also hit out at the Samajwadi Party, alleging that there was a plot to destabilize UP, and asserted that those predicting her defeat would be proven wrong. \"The state which has had a history of instability is being sought to be destabilized again for political motives,\" she said.Mayawati claimed that people would vote for BSP because of the performance of her government. \"We have fulfilled the promises that we had made during the 2007 elections, people voted for us in the hope that we will get rid of goonda raaj (criminal rule). The criminals of Samajwadi Party had made life difficult for the people of this state. For the last five years, we have changed that. We have given a government where people feel safe,\" she said.Saying that BSP would get a clear majority, she added that people had predicted a hung house in 2007 too.Elaborating on her claim, the chief minister said her experiment of social engineering which yielded good results in the last elections was still at work. \"We have given Dalits a life of dignity and Brahmins who were exploited by Congress and BJP alike were given their due by BSP,\" she added.She asserted that Muslims deserved the kind of representation BSP has given them (the party has given tickets to the highest number of Muslim candidates).Ridiculing Rahul's by now popular mention in almost every meeting - \"haathi paise khata hai\" -- she said it was the Congress which had a lot of explaining to do on the issue of corruption. \"People of this country recognize the real 'hand' which siphons off public money,\" she said, making an obvious reference to the Congress party's election symbol.Assembly elections news 2012UP elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "11969439", "title": "WR engineer dies while getting off moving train", "text": "KALYAN: A 50-year-old section engineer of the Western Railway died when he tried to jump from a moving train at Kalyan station on Monday.D Lucas fell into the gap between the Konark Express and platform 5 at 4.10pm, and the railway authorities took almost 10 minutes to extricate his body. Some passengers immediately alerted the railway officials, who tried to rescue him, but by the time he was pulled onto the platform, he had died, an official said.Lucas was taken to Rukminibai Hospital in Kalyan, where he was declared dead. Hospital doctors said his chest had been crushed. The police have filed a case of accidental death.Official sources said this was the 56th accidental death in two months in the jurisdiction of Kalyan government railway police, which covers Kalyan up to Kasara and Karjat stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11974533", "title": "Music connects people, says Rezwana Chowdhury Bonna", "text": "Rezwana Chowdhury Bonna will perform on the Tolly Club lawns on February 23 for Maitree Bandhan, the India-Bangladesh Cultural Festival...You get your name, 'Bonna', from the character of Labanya in Shesher Kabita. Was your identity as a Tagore exponent obvious from the very beginning?Not really. My father was a huge fan of Rabindranath Tagore. He and my uncle used to study Tagore and when my cousin was born, she was named Mita (from Shesher Kabita). Two years later, when I was born, I was named Bonna. So, Tagore was always there in our subconscious. However, in a Muslim middle-class family, it was not expected that I would grow up to pursue music as a career. I too didn't think that I will become a Tagore exponent one day.You've had two stints at Santiniketan, first as a student of vocal music and then again to learn esraj. How has your grooming there shaped your approach to music as a whole?When I first went to Santiniketan after receiving a scholarship, I still had the privilege of being groomed by legends. Santida (Santidev Ghosh) and Sailjada (Sailajaranjan Majumdar) were around. Later, when I went to Santiniketan to learn esraj, there were other talented girls who had come to learn the instrument. They were really good instrumentalists. During those days, there were still a few students who would walk barefoot on campus. The relationship between the students and teachers was very endearing. Ekta ashramik manoshikata chhilo . We had access to our gurus. There was no politics on campus. Student politics, or whatever was there in the name of it, was practiced on the fringes.What's the difference between the earlier and present-day Santiniketan?It's never possible to turn back and live life the same way. It's not that I have kept myself updated about everything on campus. People need to keep in mind Tagore's ideology behind setting up an institute like Viswa Bharati. He wanted to synergize the traditional approach of the East with the technology of the West. The youth need to understand that Viswa Bharati was never intended to be a replica of other varsities.You've shared a very close bond with Kanika Bandopadhyay and have even sung in the documentary on her by Goutam Ghose titled 'Mohor'. Besides your training in music technique, what else did you imbibe from her?I have been very close to Mohordi. Besides being my musical guru, she also spoke about overall growth. Mohordi never wanted to be in the limelight and preferred to keep to herself. She insisted that one should not imitate. Learning the technique is fine but one has to have a style of one's own. Besides, she didn't appreciate any form of diplomacy.Mohordi was not an orthodox teacher. She insisted that one understands the philosophy of Tagore and his songs. It's fine if one discovers new angles in Tagore but they should be done only after proper study and not for superficial gains. Today's youngsters, especially the ones in Dhaka, are following this path. I am very hopeful.A lot of Tagore's songs have been remixed today, especially in movies. Are you too conservative to accept these newer ways of presenting Tagore?I have heard a couple of them but, unfortunately, I haven't liked them. I didn't like the \"Ooh lala\" strain in \"Pagla hawa\". One can't compromise with Tagore's sense of aesthetics and add crude elements to it. While I have no prejudice against newer interpretations, no one should insult Tagore. Read Tagore, understand him and then interpret his works. I am working on a Tagore project with foreign musicians who are well-versed in Western symphony orchestra. I am overwhelmed by their deep regard for Tagore and how keen they are about studying the Bard and then working on such a new project.Being a part of TOI's Maitree Bandhan initiative, what are your suggestions for improving Indo-Bangla ties?Music is a strong media to connect with people. When a musician from India or Bangladesh is performing, we need not even say Bangladesh's Rezwana Chowdhury Bonna or India's Lopamudra Mitra. Just say our names without mentioning the countries. As musicians, we exist is a space that's beyond geographical boundaries. Besides, more cultural exchange programmes is always welcome both in Bangladesh and in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11975606", "title": "SC slams Modi govt for 'spurious' case against Teesta Setalvad", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday questioned the Gujarat government for initiating a probe against social activist Teesta Setalvad for her alleged role in a case of illegal exhumation of the bodies of the 2002 riot victims, saying it is a \"spurious\" case to victimise her.\"This is a hundred percent spurious case to victimise the petitioner (Setalvad),\" said a bench of justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana Prakash Desai.While criticising the state government for beginning the probe against Setalvad, it added, \"this type of case does no credit to the state of Gujarat in any way.\"\"This case is hundred percent spurious. In other cases against petitioner, there may be something,\" the bench said.Besides this case, the Gujarat government has also lodged criminal proceedings against her in other riot-related cases.The bench was of the view that it was not correct on the part of the Gujarat government to go ahead with the case.It asked senior advocate Pradeep Ghosh, who appeared for the Gujarat government, to go through the First Information Report (FIR) of the case and advise the government not to proceed with it.\"You advise your client not to proceed with this type of case. You should show some responsibility and tell the government not to proceed with the case,\" the bench said.While posting the matter for March 23, the bench asked the senior counsel to go through the FIR \"passionately\" and tell the court what he felt about it.The bench also asked Gujarat government's standing counsel Hemantika Wahi to go through the FIR.The bench was hearing a petition by Setalvad against the May 27 order of the Gujarat High Court, which had refused to quash the FIR registered against her at a police station in Panchmahal district of the state on exhumation of the bodies from a graveyard near river Panam.While making the critical remarks against the Gujarat government for initiating the probe against Setalvad in the body exhumation case, the bench said its interim stay, imposed on July 29, 2011 on criminal proceedings against Setalvad in the case would continue till the next date of hearing.\"Interim stay to continue till the next date\" it said.Responding to the apex court notice, the state government had in its affidavit justified its probe against Setalvad in the case saying she actually planned and executed the digging of the graves without any permission in 2006.It had claimed that during the probe into the case, it has emerged that \"Teesta Setalvad, the petitioner herein, was the main accused, who actually planned and executed this operation of digging of graves near Pandarwada through her staff.\"The government had said the other accused have claimed innocence and had blamed Setalvad for instigating them to carry out the exhumation, which is a penal offence.\"Exhumation of the dead bodies without prior permission of the competent authorities constitutes an offence under sections 192 (fabricating false evidence), 193 (punishment for false evidence, 201 (causing disappearance of evidence), 120-B criminal conspiracy), 295(A) (deliberate and malicious acts intended to outrage religious feelings) and 297 (trespassing on burial places) of IPC,\" the affidavit had said.It was alleged that in 2002, about 28 unidentified bodies of the riot victims from Pandarwada and surrounding villages in Khanpur taluka were buried in the graveyard.Earlier, the high court had declined to scrap the FIR, but had quashed the summons, which had termed her as absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11969375", "title": "Three chains worth 1.45L snatched", "text": "PUNE: Three chains were snatched in the city on Sunday.In one incident, which took place around noon in Hadapsar, a gold chain worth Rs 30,000 was stolen from Anjali Naik (47). The thieves, who were riding on a motorcycle, also stole her purse that contained Rs 4,000.Another incident took place around 4 pm at Nigdi. A gold chain worth Rs 70,000 was snatched from Pushpa Lanke (72) of Nigdi Pradhikaran.The last chain-snatching occurred around 8.30 pm in Pimpri. Asha Laxman Batra (49) of Vaibhavnagar, Pimpri, was riding pillion on a motorcycle when two men on a motorcycle snatched her chain, valued at Rs 45,000, and fled.Meanwhile, the Khadak police arrested an alleged chain-snatcher, Sagar Rangrao Kamble (24), from Bibvewadi on Sunday night. A gold chain worth Rs 40,000 has been recovered from him.The police think the chain belongs to Anju Sanjay Begi (39), whose chain was stolen on February 13 at Bhavani Peth. \"We suspect that Kamble may be involved in more such crimes and are investigating further,\" the police said.Kamble was produced in court on Monday and remanded in police custody till February 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11969362", "title": "MSRTC to introduce new Sheetal buses", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) is redesigning its semi-luxury AC Sheetal buses for safer and more comfortable longer journeys. The refurbished buses will be added to the fleet beginning March-end and will ply to 10 destinations - including Pandharpur, Baramati, Sangli, Amravati and Jalgaon - across the state.\"The fare of the newly designed fleet will be reasonable. The buses will be an addition to the three existing categories of MSRTC buses - AC Shivneri, semi-luxury Asiad and ordinary Parivartan buses,\" said an MSRTC official.The MSRTC introduced Sheetal buses in the semi-luxury category with AC facility more than a year ago. The fares of Sheetal buses are cheaper than Shivneri (AC Volvo) buses. Passengers unable to afford Volvo fares and wishing to travel in AC buses on the Pune-Mumbai route opt for this bus service.\"We have received good feedbacks regarding the Sheetal bus services. On the Pune-Mumbai route, the load factor of these buses is around 70%. We plan to introduce similar buses on other routes now,\" said an official.According to the plan, buses from the new fleet will be introduced on routes like Karad, Kankavali, Satara, Latur and Akola. The MSRTC will be introducing AC bus facilities on these routes for the first time. The buses will begin to ply in a phased manner and the fare structures will be announced later.The new Sheetal bus will have a more attractive look with windshield glass, revised colour scheme and advanced tail and head lamps. The seats will be more comfortable with high-quality seat-covers and additional leg space. The bus, which will seat 39 people, will have 2x2 arrangement just like any other Shivneri bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11970179", "title": "Metro cars being put their paces", "text": "BANGALORE: With Reach 1 up and running smoothly, Bangalore Metro last weekend commenced testing of 13 new rakes on the Byappanahalli-MG track. These are being done after regular operations end at 10pm every night.The new rakes were received by Bharath Earth Movers Limited (BEML) coach-making factory, which is Byappanahalli Metro depot. Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation Ltd placed an order for 150 cars (50 trains) with BEML to be delivered December 2012 at an estimated cost of Rs 1,672 crore.The first batch of seven home-made cars was handed over to BMRC as early as July 2011 and 136 cars were to be delivered by December 2011. These 136 cars are worth Rs 918 crore.The first five trains currently servicing Reach 1 were shipped from South Korea and made in Japan by the consortium including Mitsubishi and MELCO of Japan, Hyundai Rotem of Korea and BEML. BMRC had a deal with the consortium that the rest of the orders would be supplied from BEML in Bangalore.The 13 rakes have passed static tests in the depot, which included automatic operation of doors and audio-announcement systems in each car. The running tests will check speed during oscillations from depot to MG road station. BMRC officials also said braking, turning ease of trains at curves and other technical aspects are being carried out.Officials also said the process for the tests and parameters for tests of the first five rakes shipped from Korea and the home-made ones will remain the same. The rakes will run on the tracks for 750 km and finally be ready to be certified fit for live operations.BMRC is looking at commercial operations of Reach 3 and 3A (northern corridor) by December-end 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11971512", "title": "800 demoiselle cranes sighted in Rajura", "text": "NAGPUR: A flock of more than 800 demoiselle cranes was sighted at Rajura Lake near Amravati. It was for the first time that these birds were sighted in such a huge number in Maharashtra, said the spotters. Last time it was in 2003 that a huge number of cranes were sighted, but even at that time it was comparatively lesser than 400.The demoiselle cranes which travel all the way from Siberia , Europe and Mongolia were spotted by Yadav Tarte, Sawan Deshmukh, Vishal Gawali and Nitin Deshmukh. \"This is also the first time that the birds have stayed this long. Generally they start going back by January end and February beginning,\" said Yadav Tarte.He said that the reason could be a delayed cycle. \"This year the monsoons were late. Generally these birds come by September-October, but this year they couldn't be spotted till November. Their cycle has delayed, hence they have stayed on till February,\" he said.The demoiselle cranes migrate to the Indian Subcontinent during winters. Their favourite nesting ground, says Sawan Deshmukh is Rajasthan, as it has vast plain fields and the vegetation is not dense. \"These birds like to have full view of their surroundings till a long distance, hence, plainer the surroundings, the better,\" he said.\"Usually, these birds scatter around the various lakes around Amravati and this year they have all come to Rajura and that is why such a huge number was spotted together,\" said Tarte. He further informed that conditions around the lake such as better water levels, chana fields around it etc have also contributed to the large number of these cranes flocking the area.\"The chana crops are not tall and hence offer an uninterrupted view of the landscape, similarly, the food availability is also good in the region,\" said Deshmukh. Tarte added that the spotting of such big a flock is a very encouraging sight even as pollution, illegal fishing, human disturbances, poaching and grazing in and around the water bodies are increasing.About demoiselle craneDemoiselle are generally 85-100cm (34-39 inches) long with a wingspan of 155-180cm (61-71 inches). It is the smallest species of crane and weighs 2-3 kg. It's slightly smaller than the common crane but has similar plumage. It has a long white neck stripe and the black on the foreneck extends down over the chest in a plume. But it has a loud trumpeting call, higher-pitched than the common crane. Like other cranes it has a dancing display, more balletic than the common crane, with less leaping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11969442", "title": "Panel spreads awareness about cervical cancer", "text": "PUNE: Over 350 women participated in the Bombay Times Lavasa Women's Drive (LWD) briefing session, a 42% increase compared to last year. The session, held at PYC Gymkhana, was also attended by participants from Bangalore, Nagpur and Sangli. The LWD will be flagged off simultaneously from Pune and Mumbai on February 26.Anuradha Paraskar, senior vice-president, marketing, Lavasa Corporation Ltd., expressed happiness about the tremendous response received for the drive. The Bombay Times Lavasa Women's Drive aims at creating awareness about prevention of cancer in women through early detection.On Monday, a panel discussion about 'Cervical cancer prevention: What women need to know', was also organized and doctors disseminated information about why women should take preventive steps to fight cancer. Shona Nag, Sanjay Gupte, Milind Telang and Shailesh Puntambekar gave a perspective about cervical cancer. Monica Chaudhari, head, marketing, MSD India, also participated in the discussion moderated by Devieka Bhojwani, vice-president, Women's Cancer Initiative, Tata Memorial Hospital.While talking about the MSD India's association with LWD, Chaudhari said, \"Last year's winners - two sisters - dedicated their award to their mother who lost her fight to cancer. They said their mother taught them how to drive and truly empowered them. At that moment I decided that we want to play a bigger role in LWD which contributes to create awareness about women's cancers.\"Chaudhari added that cervical cancer was posing a serious threat and there was a vaccine available which can prevent cancer in women. When clubbed with regular screening like pap smear test, women can save themselves from cancer.Speaking about causes for cervical cancer, Nag specified sexual intercourse at an early age, multiple sexual partners and hygiene being the primary causes. Putambekar added that about 2 lakh new cases of cervical cancer were being identified in India every year, of which nearly 50% being diagnosed in stage two and above. He said that women should look out for bleeding without reason as one of the symptoms.Speaking about pap smear test, Telang suggested that women should get their pap test done in sexually active years and should not wait to cross 30 years of age. Gupte stressed the need to prevent cervical cancer through vaccine at an early age.The participants were unanimous in their feedback that Lavasa Women's Drive was a perfect platform to raise awareness about women's cancers and the panel discussion has helped them clarify a lot of doubts about cervical cancer. Members of Western India Automobile Association (WIAA) conducted a session to explain the rules and regulations of the drive. The WIAA informed the participants that the focus of the drive is on safety, security and not about speed. The participants were informed that they will be given directional clues called tulip chart, just before the start as the route was undisclosed.The LWD is a joint initiative of Bombay Times and Lavasa Corporation Ltd. MSD is the associate sponsor. MAK Lubricants and Grabthebrand.com are the co-sponsors, while Dove is hair care partner. This drive is supported by Women's Cancer Initiative, Tata Memorial Hospital, and conducted by the Western India Automobile Association. This is an initiative of the Times Red Cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "11971833", "title": "Industrialist returns home month after abduction", "text": "HAZARIBAG: An industrialist, who was kidnapped on January 19 from Chouparan on the borders of Hazaribag and Gaya districts, returned to his residence here in his car on Monday.Anil Agarwal was on his way to Raniganj in West Bengal in his car when he was kidnapped, said his father Gyan Chand.Although Anil was said to be traumatized and not in a position to speak, his father said it was because of police pressure in Varanasi (where he has business interest), Bihar and Hazaribag that the abductors were forced to free the 39-year-old exactly after a month. He, however, denied that the family had paid any ransom to the abductors.He said the abductors reportedly did not torture his son and his driver Satyendra who drove to their Hazaribag residence in Nawabgunj locality in good health.Although the senior Agarwal said his son was released by his abductors somewhere between Rajauli and Koderma in a dense forest late on Sunday night, police sources said he was freed near the Barkatha police station of Hazaribag district from where Anil reached his home about 7am. It was also learnt that the abductors were from Bihar who operated in Bihar, Jharkhand and Eastern Uttar Pradesh.When contacted, SP Pankaj Kamboj said he was not in a position to give any details of the operation which made the industrialist's return possible. \"So far, no one has been arrested but the raids are still continuing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11969967", "title": "High rural women turnout behind surge in poll graph", "text": "LUCKNOW: A stooping vertebra could not hold back 85-year-old-Kalawati from going out and vote. Holding her polling slip tightly in one hand and a cane stick in the other, she started for the polling station 600 metres away. Taking four breaks to relax for a while, the elderly reached a polling station in Mohanlalganj and exercised her franchise. On what motivated her, she said what the election commission of India has been emphasising for the last several months. \"It is our duty,\" she asserted.It was due to rural women like Kalawati that Lucknow passed the poll day test. Figures released by the district election office here on Monday revealed that the turnout among rural and suburban women was about 60% while that of the urban women turnout could cross the 50% mark.Of all seats, Bakshi Ka Talab (BKT) saw 63.69% women voters reporting at polling stations. The seat saw highest turnout among male voters as well, with about 70% of the total male voters fulfilling their duty. BKT was followed by Malihabad where about 63% women and 67.6% men exercised their franchise.Mohanlalganj bagged the third position with 68% male and 61.4% female voters' turnout. In 2007 Vidhan Sabha election, Malihabad had seen the highest turnout among women voters. Here, 44.5% of the total 1,25,054 women had exercised franchise. Sarojaninagar and Mohanlalganj had stood at the second and third positions with 37.6% and 33.7% turnout. Clearly, the turnout of rural women has doubled since the last elections. In urban areas, Lucknow west recorded the lowest turnout of both male (50.81%) and female voters (42.69%). Lucknow east was the only area where more than 50% of women voters reported in the urban women voters' category. Here, 54.5% male and 50.76% female voters also exercised franchise.In Lucknow north, central and Cantonment constituencies - 46.7%, 46.34% and 47.59% women voted respectively.Cumulatively, 52.99% of the total 13.59 lakh women voter exercised their franchise while 59.09% of 17.69 lakh male voters pressed the EVM button on Sunday. In 2007 election, constituencies of Lucknow Cantt, central, west and east saw less than 25% of the total women voters heading to the polling stations. Erstwhile Mahona that led to the formation of Bakshi Ka Talaab and Lucknow north assembly segments also saw 28.29% polling among women.The surge in the women voters reflected well at polling booths. By 9 am on Sunday, Manorama Devi and her sister-in-law Babita were done with their voting. \"Over the last few months, we have been hearing songs of voter awareness. Anyone who doesn't react even now is either deaf or dead,\" said Babita. The credit for this change equally goes to rural 'mothers' who encouraged their daughters and even daughters-in-law to go out and vote.Rampati of Falwaria Atrauli village is an example. In many places, elder women brought their grand-children, some of whom were first time voters. In Gaura village, Rajrani brought her grandson Mukesh and ensured that he exercised franchise. Booth assistant in Fattepur village, Shrikant Trivedi, attributed the surge in women voters' turnout to making booths approachable. \"Many women didn't venture out thinking that they would have to walk long distances. But now, booths in most of the places are approachable,\" he said. Most of these women - especially the younger ones - wanted development of the areas. \"We have come out for the sake of our family. No one wants jobless spouses and children,\" said Meenakshi Varshney, a first time voter.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11974389", "title": "Name for Beti B decided: Abhishek Bachchan", "text": "There are rumours, and Abhishek Bachchan decided to put them all to rest when he announced that the family has indeed zeroed in on a name for Beti B!We've heard all sorts of things: The name of Beti B was first to be revealed on Makar Sankranti day; we also heard that Oprah Winfrey would reveal the picture and name on her talk show; We heard that the Bachchans have decided to call her Aaliya; We heard that the Bachchans would hold a naming ceremony for the little one on an auspicious day...However, Abhishek Bachchan only recently stated that none of the above was true. to begin with, the actor clarified that Baby B is not named Aaliya. He went on to add that the picture of his daughter would not be 'revealed' - we can catch a glimpse of her when she naturally begins to go out. According to him, releasing a picture of his daughter and making it an event is rather a 'pompous' thing to do!He went on to say that there would be no naming ceremony for the baby, as the families don't believe in 'naamkaran'. Abhishek also added, that the name had at last been finalised and will be communicated to all soon.If sources are to be believed, the Bachchan family is waiting for Amitabh to be discharged from hospital and return home healthy. It's then that they will let one and all know what they have named their little one. We think that it's Sr. Bachchan who will reveal the same on his micro-blogging site just like he did the news of Aishwarya Rai Bachchan's pregnancy.All we can do is what we've been doing so far - wait and watch!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11969832", "title": "Veteran Tamil actor S N Lakshmi dies at 85", "text": "CHENNAI: Veteran Tamil actror S N Lakshmi, known for playing mother roles in many movies, passed away in the city early Monday due to a heart attack. She was 85.The end came at a private hospital where Lakshmi had been admitted a few days ago. Several film stars thronged her house in Saligramam to pay respects. The last rites are expected to be held on Tuesday in her native Virudhunagar district.Lakshmi, who acted in several Tamil and Telugu films, was famous for her role as the grandmother of one of the heroines in Kamal Haasan-starrer 'Michael Madana Kamarajan.' She played important roles in 'Mahanadhi' and 'Kadhala Kadhala.'She acted with several top stars including M G Ramachandran, Sivaji Ganesan , Rajinikanth and Kamal Haasan.Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa in a statement said her death was a great loss to the film world.A recipient of the state government's 'Kalaimamani' and 'Kalaiselvam' awards, Lakshmi acted in more than 1,500 films and 6,000 dramas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11969733", "title": "Schools in Chennai not equipped to tackle medical emergencies", "text": "CHENNAI: \"Cover a wound with coffee powder to make it heal faster.\" This was one of the responses by a teacher in a city school in a pre-test questionnaire on how to provide first-aid to students. Doctors said that they came across appalling ignorance among school teachers when it comes to handling medical emergencies.Recent incidents have shown that schools in the city are still at a loss when it comes to providing first-aid. In December last year, a kindergarten student choked on a piece of banana and died in a city school. Last week, when a class 10 student fell off the third floor of the school building, they took him in a teacher's car, not waiting for an ambulance.\"Many schools don't have a well-equipped medical room and none has a doctor or nurse on campus. School authorities should not wait to get to a hospital to provide first-aid to a student. Teachers must be trained,\" said Dr Swathi Padankatti, consultant pediatrician at Sundaram Medical Foundation.With children spending 60% to 70% of their waking hours in school, doctors suggest that teachers should be suitably armed with information on identifying and dealing with asthma , epileptic seizures, fractures and choking. Sick rooms in schools which have them are dimly-lit areas with two beds. The first-aid box does not have adequate materials. Having an oxygen cylinder or nebulizer would be an advantage, or children should be asked to bring their inhalers, doctors suggest.Dr Padankatti said that during the training they taught teachers the Heimlich maneuver on how to mobilise a fracture, and what to do when a child has an epileptic seizure before rushing him to a hospital. Teachers are also taught how to calculate the appropriate dose of simple drugs such as paracetamol for children. The first-aid box should have plasters, solution to clean wounds, bandages and scissors. Teachers who are not trained to handle much beyond academics are helpless in such situations.Educational consultant K R Maalathi suggests the inclusion of a child safety module and emergency preparedness in teacher training programmes. Experts said emergency situations could be tackled if teachers knew prevention, risk reduction and management of such situations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11969559", "title": "Helplines set up for HSC students", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education has set up helplines for students, as the higher secondary certificate (HSC, std XII) examination begins on Tuesday across the state in all four faculties, namely, arts, science, commerce and minimum competency vocational courses (MCVC).Over 13 lakh students in the state will appear for the exam, including 2.13 lakh from the Pune division, which comprises Pune, Solapur and Ahmednagar districts. The division has appointed five counsellors to answer students' queries regarding the exam, hall tickets and other issues.The exam will be held in the nine divisions of the board - Pune, Nagpur, Aurangabad, Mumbai, Kolhapur, Amravati, Nashik, Latur and the newly added Konkan division. From the science faculty, 4.22 lakh students have registered for the exam, while 5.15 lakh students will appear for the arts exam, 3.48 lakh for commerce, and 59,211 students for MCVC faculty. A total 6,101 physically challenged students will also appear for the exam, which will be conducted across 7,481 junior colleges and 2,098 centres in the state.In the Pune division, the exam will be held at 1,117 junior colleges. Of the 2,13,996 students appearing for the exam, 87,797 are girls and 1,26,199 are boys. Of the total number, 793 are physically challenged.A statement issued by the board on Monday said, \"Students who have doubts about the time table, hall tickets, change in subject, or those who face any emergency situations can call the helpline numbers set up by the board.\"The board has made elaborate arrangements to avoid malpractice during the examination. Flying and sitting squads, CCTV cameras and monitoring committees, under the chairmanship of district collectors, have been set up. Each district will have seven flying squads, so 245 flying squads will operate in the state.In Marathwada, district collectors, chief executive officers of zilla parishads and senior police officials will join board officials to curb incidents of copying. The collectors will appoint vigilance squads, while the police officials will provide bandobast at examination centres, said a board official.Meanwhile, prohibitory orders have been issued by the Pune police banning use of loudspeakers, loitering and sticking bills within 200 metres of the exam centres. The order will be in force between 6 am and 8 pm, from February 21 to March 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11968949", "title": "Mapusa set to choose between 3-time legislator &amp; civic body chief", "text": "MAPUSA: Officially there are four candidates vying for the votes of 25,658 electors in the assembly constituency of Mapusa.But with two candidates virtually unknown, the fight is between NCP candidate Ashish Shirodkar and BJP's sitting MLA Francis D'Souza.The overall sentiment in Mapusa is that D'Souza, or Babush as he is popularly known, has an edge.The other two candidates are Francisca de Souza (independent) and Mittu Mujavar of the all-India Trinamool Congress. But even long-time Mapusa residents claim not to know these two.D'Souza, a former law minister, seeks to represent Mapusa for the fourth time in succession. Shirodkar, the present chairperson of the Mapusa municipal council, is venturing into the contest for the legislative assembly for the first time.A number of Mapusa residents give the veteran politician an edge over his young challenger. To start with, Shirodkar got the NCP ticket at the last minute when he was not even a member of the Nationalist Congress party. On the other hand, there was never any doubt over who the BJP candidate in Mapusa was and D'Souza got a headstart in campaigning.Fortunately for Shirodkar, the NCP North Goa district general secretary Armindo Braganza, whom he beat in the race for the NCP ticket, pledged his support to Shirodkar and is now actively campaigning for him.In the 2002 assembly elections, Braganza had polled over 6,000 votes as the Congress candidates and some Mapusa residents believe that this former Mapusa municipal council chairperson has at least 2,000 personal votes which he will now divert to Shirodkar.But others counter this saying the BJP now has an alliance with the MGP and all MGP votes will go to the BJP.All said and done, the overriding sentiment is that though D'Souza does not have much to boast of by way of development, among the present lot of candidates, he is still the best. Or as one observer put it, the Congress' 'family raj' and the anti-Congress sentiment all over Goa will help the BJP.But D'Souza swears only by his performance. \"In this 5-year term, I have pumped in 200 crore into Mapusa's development; a new district hospital at 48 crore, a new sewerage system at 54 crore, road works of 28 crore besides funds for irrigation, sports , etc. That is the maximum possible for an opposition MLA; it's almost as good as a ruling-side MLA,\" D'Souza said.The MLA further pointed out that for the first time the Mapusa market has been hotmixed at his initiative.A number of \"good projects\" are also in the pipeline: a new ring road, new police station, new bus stand and a garbage disposal site.Land acquisition for the last two projects has already been done, D'Souza said, adding that once the new bus stand is constructed, the present bus stand space will be used as a parking lot, a problem that plagues the town.D'Souza also boasted about his performance as a legislator: \"I have asked 1,374 questions in the legislative assembly. My most important resolution is for a special status for Goa which was unanimously passed. Above all, I am easily accessible to the people and that is why, they will elect me again.\"The NCP challenger thinks otherwise. \"The residents of Mapusa are fed up with the present MLA who has been the legislator for the last 15 years. There has been no development in Mapusa and that is why I expect the people to vote for me,\" said Shirodkar.He said that as chairman of the Mapusa municipal council, he has taken a number of positive initiatives. These include the construction of the Mapusa fish market and shifting of the municipal building. He blamed D'Souza for the non-development of the Mapusa bus stand, of the Mapusa market and said that the Mapusa water pipe-line has not been changed for the last 40 years.According to observers, of the 25,658 Mapusa electors, about 5,000 are Christians, 3,000 Muslims, about 4,000 migrant Hindus and the rest (about 13,650) are native Hindus.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11971721", "title": "Will alliance with Congress backfire on Lokmanch?", "text": "NAGPUR: Lokmanch, which was a part of the ruling BJP-Sena combine in the last government, may suffer in the long run as its five victorious candidates had contested on the Congress symbol and will be treated as Congress corporators by the NMC administration. Most importantly, the party will not be a part of the government after 10 years in power.Lokmanch had contested on the NCP's symbol in 2002 and four candidates had won. It had got its share of power as Congress needed the support of 24 corporators to form the government. Apparently realizing that Congress would lose in 2007, the Lokmanch candidates contested on RJD tickets. As a result, the three corporators became part of the BJP-led government later.This time, the Lokmanch was a part of the Congress, which will be the biggest opposition party with 36 seats and will bag the leader of opposition post. In any case, opposition parties are not much interested in garnering numbers unless they want to topple the government. The only post that Lokmanch candidates can aim for now is the chairperson of Mangalwari zone, where it has three corporators.Lokmanch chief Atal Bahadur Singh, however, claimed to have taken the right decision. \"We have always contested on some party's symbol. I don't regret not being in power by allying with the Congress. It is a national party and is in power in Mumbai and Delhi. The alliance has helped my party, as the tally has increased from three to five.\"Singh further explained, \"I decided not to take a short term decision and ensure a bright future for Lokmanch leaders in the long run.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11971743", "title": "Soon, heath department site of voluntary blood donors", "text": "ALLAHABAD: After witnessing a dearth of rare blood groups and such donors, the health department would launch a website of voluntary blood donors with both Rh negative and Rh positive persons across the district.Chief medical officer, Ramesh Kumar told TOI that the website of blood donors comprises both Rh negative and positive donors. He added the website has been prepared and the seekers can also contact to authorities of blood banks in the same regard.He added that the idea of preparing a website of donors especially rare blood group (A-, B-, AB-, and O-) owners came when the department noticed that people seeking blood units for treatment of their nears and dears are harried and especially there are less people who have negative blood groups.The department after chalking out a plan has held a series of discussions and decided to compile the names of voluntary donors of each blood group in the website.For that, the department has consulted blood banks and all 98 listed nursing homes.Meanwhile, doctors maintained that the most common blood group is B+ve and donors of blood groups with Rh+ve are easily available in compared to negative blood groups. They further added that the fresh blood can be restored for 90 days and after that, the break up of RBCs start and as a result, it is not fit for donation.The website has complete details of donors including name, age, address and mobile numbers. The city has six blood banks including three private ones. Three government blood banks are currently operating at SRN, MLN and TB Sapru hospitals.Experts here claim that the city needs 50-60 units of fresh and protected blood every day and for that more stress is being laid on encouraging voluntary blood donations.The hospitals are currently equipped with the facility of component separator and aphaeresis machine, it has become possible to separate and preserve four components of a single unit of blood and utilise in treating patients of four different diseases.Senior Medical officer, Dr SAM Meesum said, \"The department has been encouraging voluntary donors to collect protected, fresh and high value blood.Apart from this, Informational, Education and Communication (IEC) programmes regarding blood donation are being held at blocks, towns and villages to clear myths about blood donation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11970603", "title": "Guardians upset with CBSE exam centre venue", "text": "KORAPUT: The decision of the CBSE to conduct the annual examination of Class X and XII for the 2011-12 academic session at Koraput has upset parents and guardians of students studying in schools at Jeypore. The CBSE has selected Kendriya Vidyalaya, Koraput, and Jawaharlal Nehru Vidyalaya, Landiguda, as centres for examination that will be from March 1 to 26.Aggrieved parents have submitted a memorandum to the regional officer of the CBSE at Bhubaneswar demanding to change the examination centre to any school at Jeypore for the benefit of students. \"Around 400 students of Jeypore are going to appear for the annual CBSE examination. Koraput is a small town and does not have enough space to accommodate so many students and their parents,\" the memorandum read.They said students will face great difficulty in travelling to Koraput as the 25 km road between Jeypore-Koraput, including a ghat section of around five km, is in a deplorable state. \"A blockade of the ghat road may also make it difficult for students to reach the examination centre and spoil their career,\" it adds.The distressed parents said very year the CBSE used to conduct the annual examinations at the D A V School, Jeypore, where hundreds of students of CBSE schools of Jeypore and its peripheral areas appeared for their annual examination. But this year, the board has shifted the examination centre to Koraput, about 25 km from Jeypore, for reasons best known to the board.\"It will be very difficult to get accommodation for all students because examinees from Malkangiri, Balimela, Kotpad, Gunupur and Rayagada, who would appear for their annual examination at the Koraput centre,\" said Bharat Patnaik of Jeypore, whose son will appear for the Class XII examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11974285", "title": "3 Khans for the last 3 Dhooms", "text": "After Aamir in the third, Adi Chopra plans next two parts of the franchise with Sallu and SRKThe first film made John Abraham one of the most sought after anti-heroes of recent times. The second, made us want to fall in love with the hunky thief Hrithik Roshan. And now, the third, promises to make Aamir Khan the new bad man in Bollywood.YRF's most popular franchise Dhoom, has become bigger with every part. And if you thought after Aamir Khan and Katrina Kaif , it couldn't get any bigger, think again. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Aditya Chopra has already chalked out plans for Dhoom 4 and Dhoom 5. And 'surprising' is too mild a word to describe Adi Chopra's big plans.This newspaper has learnt that Adi, who plans to wrap up the franchise with the fifth part, has already decided to cast Salman Khan in the fourth part and none other than his good friend and YRF favourite Shah Rukh Khan in the fifth. However, Abhishek Bachchan and Uday Chopra will continue to play their respective roles of Inspector Jai Dixit and Ali. Vijay Krishna Acharya will be working on the script for both the parts.A source from the trade told Mumbai Mirror, \"Salman Khan wanted to work in a stylish action film. And Adi had discussed the possibility of Dhoom 4 with him. Salman had agreed. That's how they ended up working on Ek Tha Tiger. The script of Dhoom 4 is already locked. The final draft is in process.\"However, work on the fifth part that will star SRK is still to begin. \"Adi has his hands full with Yash Chopra's directorial at the moment. Adi wants to end the Dhoom franchise with its fifth part. The plans for the last two parts are currently being kept under wraps,\" added our source.When contacted, the official spokesperson of Yash Raj Films rubbished such reports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11970312", "title": "Football match leads to power outage", "text": "NASHIK: Residents of Shankar Nagar have been complaining about frequent power failure in their area for three weeks now, and on Sunday, two major incidents on Sunday made things worse by leading to power cuts in the Parijat Nagar, Shankar Nagar and Savarkar Nagar areas.Of these, residents of Parijat Nagar were forced to spend the entire night without power because of a broken conductor (wire) that had snapped after being hit by a football.The Shankar Nagar and Savarkar Nagar areas are fed power from the ABB Circle. On Sunday morning, a tree fell across wires near Kamgar Nagar, affecting the power supply to the area. \"It took more than two hours to restore the power supply. Again, in the evening, during a football match at M U Nagar, children hit a football towards an electric pole. The ball hit the conductor, due to which the power supply to the area was affected. Since it was not possible to reinstall the conductor right then, the area was bypassed and power supply to other parts of the locality was restored. The supply to some of the areas in Parijat Nagar was restored on Monday morning. For this maintenance work, power supply was switched off for two hours,\" deputy executive engineer Sanjay Tike said.However, residents of the affected areas are fuming over the frequent failure in power supply. \"The frequency of power cuts and their duration is stupendous. We are unable to conduct our businesses because of the unscheduled power cuts,\" said Sanket Kshatriya, a resident of Shankar Nagar.Echoed Kailas More from Shankar Nagar, who runs a power laundry, \"Almost every day the company switches off power supply, causing inconvenience to us. I cannot conduct my business at all as the power supply only resumes after 4pm.\"A junior engineer from the power supply company said that this was largely due to the underground cabling done in the area. \"In this area, nearly six km of over head LT wires have been laid underground. The work is nearing completion. Now we are trying to complete the circuit through these wires and hence try to finish this work on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, besides carrying it out on Saturdays,\" the engineer said.This will lessen the problems related to snapping of power supply due to trees falling on wires. Nearly seventy percent of the work is done, the engineer added, which means that the residents of the area will have to suffer for some more time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11968407", "title": "2 Nigerians held for bid to dupe city businessman", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force sleuths on Monday nabbed two Nigerians for trying to dupe a city-based businessman by offering him fake US dollar bills. Police arrested Tazan Ogba Efe, 36, and Frederick Etebefia, 40, near Lumbini Park, where they were waiting for their prospective customer to deliver the fake currency, and seized 25 black paper bundles, a passport and two ID cards from their possession.A month ago, two Nigerian fraudsters, Denis Joy and Alfred Kainyame, associates of Efe and Etebefia, sent an email to a Hyderabad-based businessman posing as workers of the US Embassy. They gave an impression that they could invest money up to $10 million in local business through their contacts in Barclays Bank of UK.Trusting the authenticity of the mail, the trader met the duo in the city. \"The cheats brought bundles of black paper with them and a few genuine US dollars painted in black. The conmen first cleaned the genuine notes using a chemical and displayed them to the victim. As the notes he was shown were original, the businessman agreed to pay Rs 20 lakh as his share of investment in the business and gave it to them,\" deputy commissioner of police (DCP), Task Force, Ch Ramchandar said. Eventually, the duo dipped the black paper bundles in the chemical and placed them in the refrigerator for 'perfect processing'.\"After placing them in the refrigerator, the duo left the place instructing the victim to open it only after 24 hours. When the complainant opened the refrigerator the next day, he came to know about the fraud and approached the police,\" the DCP said.Instructed by cops, the businessman then sent a trap mail to the cheats from a different mail ID. This time, Efe and Etebefia arrived in the city with bundles of black paper and they were arrested by the police.Police said the duo, who stay in Mumbai, arrived in the country on business and visiting visas. They were handed over to the Saifabad police for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11969128", "title": "Declare St Andre as sensitive and vulnerable: BJP", "text": "PANAJI: The BJP has written to the returning officer requesting him to declare St Andre, as a \"vulnerable and sensitive\" constituency, after the brother of the Congress candidate from St Andre, allegedly threatened BJP workers who were campaigning in the constituency.The BJP has alleged that the Congress workers are constantly troubling the BJP workers and threatening them as well as the voters.On Saturday, the Agassaim police registered a case against Congress workers Anton Silveira, Menino Silveira, Kamal Betikar and Cosme Pires, for threatening and using abusive language against BJP candidate Vishnu Wagh, who was on a door to door campaign at Dhaktem in Neura.In his complaint, Wagh said he was campaigning door to door, when at around 9pm, the accused arrived with weapons in two vehicles and threatened him with dire consequences.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11970891", "title": "23 Pak children given polio drops at Munabao", "text": "JAISALMER: The state health department administered polio drops to 23 Pakistani children who arrived at Munabao railway station on Sunday by Thar Express.Barmer chief medical and health officer Ajmal Hussain said that due to the danger of polio infection in border areas from Pakistan, polio drops is being administered to every child coming from Pakistan.A team of officials administered polio drops to children after getting on to the coaches.The CMHO said that as per a WHO report, 165 children in Pakistan were found having polio. Hence the government decided to give polio drops to children at Munabao. This arrangement has been on for the past four months and will continue for three years. Till now, 300 Pak children have been administered polio drops at Munabao station.On Sunday, 11 Pak children going to Pakistan by Thar Express and 12 Pak children coming to India were given polio drops. Although, family members of children protested, after persuation they agreed. Although, polio has been eradicated from the world, a few polio cases have come to light in Afghanistan , Pakistan and Nigeria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11969659", "title": "Far from politics, Babba yields clout in Saifai", "text": "LUCKNOW: At 6.00 am every day, a dhoti-kurta clad man takes off on his motorbike to tend to his farms. By noon, he returns home to feed his buffaloes that won't have their fodder except under his supervision. Fondly addressed as 'Babba' by his coterie of friends, he's the average farmer and cattle-keeper from Saifai you wouldn't notice, except for his striking resemblance to Mulayam Singh Yadav. That's Abhay Ram Singh, 68, a farmer by profession and Mulayam's younger brother.There is a reason why little is known about Abhay Ram. From three-time Chief Minister Mulayam Singh Yadav, Shivpal, his youngest brother and leader of the opposition in the outgoing UP assembly to Ramgopal Yadav, the Rajya Sabha MP and even the next generation (Akhilesh Yadav and Dharmendra), politics has been synonymous with the family, except Abhay Ram, who has firmly stayed away. That his name gets lost amidst the political chatter, he says, is a happy coincidence. \"I am just a farmer. I am happy with farming and looking after my herd of cows and buffaloes. Politics is for all the others in the family.\"Gathered around Abhay Ram, local villagers and cronies nod sagely. \"Why should Babba go? This is what makes him happy,\" one of them adds. If local stories are to be believed, Babba has a visceral hatred for urban life. A few years ago, when Saifai still did not have the state-of-the-art Rural Institute of Medical Sciences and Research, Abhay Ram fell seriously ill. For his treatment, Mulayam Singh had Abhay Ram moved to Lucknow. Three days later, his treatment yet to be completed, Abhay Ram returned to Saifai. His favourite buffalo, he said, would not eat if he didn't feed her. It was non-negotiable; he had to return.Among locals, Abhay Ram is a seasoned agricultural guide, who issues advisories on when and what to plant, how to care for the crop and the right time to spray pesticides. \"Babba tells us when to plant potatoes and sugarcane. He also tells us how to increase our farm yield. He's always here for help,\" says Ram Singh, a resident of Saifai village. Abhay Ram even prefers to stay in a house adjacent to where his cattle are, instead of Mulayam's lavish bungalow, barely a few meters away. Grand nephew Tej Pratap Singh, says, \"He's like an encyclopaedia on agriculture. That's what he talks about, farming and cattle.\"He's not passed on his passion for farming, though, to sons, Anurag and Dharmendra, one a civil servant and the other, the Badaun MP. Grand nephew Tej Pratap Singh, meanwhile, is happy soaking in the wisdom. \"When I was younger, Babba took me to the farms and gave me sugarcane and watermelons. He knows a great deal about agriculture and teaches me about it.\"Babba, meanwhile, says he doesn't mind being photographed. \"What's to see in my picture,\" he asks. Smiling, he stands for a photo beside some grazing calves. His feet are covered in mud, but the smile of satisfaction on his face suggests he doesn't mind.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "11972010", "title": "Power blockade on NH-100 in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Traffic between Hazaribag and Bagodar remained paralyzed since 6am for a road blockade at Tatijharia on NH-100 by a mob of over 2,000 villagers led by the pramukh of Tatijharia block, Ishwar Chandra Yadav, in protest against non-availability of power in the entire region for months.Yadav informed reporters that they were compelled to resort to dharna despite several representations to the JSEB authorities at Hazaribag, the district administration and the local MP and MLA, no steps were taken to improve the power position. Non-availability of power has affected running of pump sets for drawing water from well to supply water to the crop lands. tnnHe alleged that no efforts were made to redress their genuine demands.Owing to this bloc de, all the passengers, buses and vehicles to other places were diverted via Barhi to Bagodar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11971521", "title": "Garbage heaps sully", "text": "CHANDIGARH: No doubt the Northern areas of the city are somewhat cleaner when compared to the other sectors of Chandigarh.However, most residential areas are withoutgarbage collection bins, and heaps of rotting waste can be seen in any corner.Medical wing of the municipal corporation had brought up the proposal to purchase 200 cycle carts for the purpose of lifting garbage from the residential areas. But, these carts are being mainly operated in colonies and villages by contractual employees.The issue of poor sanitation in Chandigarh had been discussed in the previous house meeting and almost every municipal councillor had criticized the authority for its \"carefree attitude\" in addressing the problem.Gaurav, who lives in Sector 22, said, \"Nobody removes the garbage for days at a stretch, albeit people have complained so many times.\"Raj Malhotra of Sector 40 said, \"Even the public parks are not spared. Garbage remains scattered and cause an an epidemic. The scenic beauty of the city is ruined.\"Referring to this issue, an official said, \"It would be too difficult to place garbage bins all over the streets and moreover, if installed, emptying of all the bins would not be easy. So, the cycle carts would fulfill the purpose and dumps shall be removed even from the very congested areas,\"In the financial budget 2012-2013, medical wing of the MC has sought the purchase of new machinery, better garbage bins, and has asked for Rs 49 crore to deal with the matter. Rs 23 crore had been sanctioned for the current financial year a?? 2011-2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11970421", "title": "15,000 killed on rail tracks every year: Report", "text": "NEW DELHI: Voicing safety concerns over encroachments along rail tracks and trespassing which claim nearly 15,000 lives every year, a high-level railway panel has suggested amendments to existing acts and setting up of a task force in Mumbai where such deaths are highest.\"No civilised society can accept such massacre on their own railway system,\" the Anil Kakodar-led safety committee said and suggested amendments in the Public Premises Eviction Act and the Railway Act by which encroachers will be penalised.\"The committee was informed that a large number of accidents takes place due to unlawful trespassing. The estimation is almost 15,000 persons get killed every year in such a manner in the entire railway system of which about 6000 death are only in Mumbai suburban section\"It made these suggestions while taking into account the problems faced while removing enrichment due to political interference.Terming as \"massacre\", the huge number of deaths especially in the Mumbai section, the committee said that reluctance of Indian Railways to own these casualties, which do not fall under the purview of train accidents but are nevertheless accidents on account of trains can by no means be ignored.It said the \"grim system on Mumbai suburban sysem has to be tackled on a different war footing where trespassing takes places mostly on account of lack of barricading, fencing, absence of adequate number of pedestrian overbridges and reluctance to replace pedestrian level.Meanwhile, exposing a big hole in railway safety, a high-level committee has said the @tracks do not match safety parameters while coaches and rail bridges are becoming increasingly unsafe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11970416", "title": "SH Hospital nurses call off strike", "text": "KOCHI: The strike by nurses of SH Hospital at Paynkulam in Thodupuzha was called off on Monday morning following an agreement between the management and staff after discussions that went late into the night on Sunday. The hospital will resume functioning today.Jeeson, a representative of the nurses' community in the hospital, said the management had agreed to a salary hike of Rs 3,050, including risk allowances. Nursing assistants will get an additional payment of Rs 2,552 and the remaining staff a hike of Rs 1,000.AIMS nurses to go on strike: Meanwhile, the United Nurses Association of Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences (AIMS) has called for a strike from today (Feb 21).The association has alleged that the management had failed to deliver on the promises agreed upon. Though the union submitted its charter of demand on February 1, the management didn't respond. And after the hospital authorities failed to attend the reconciliation meeting called by the district labour officer on February 7, the union served the strike notice giving the management 14 days to meet their demands.Discussions are, however, still going on between the management and the nurses association to settle the issue amicably. \"Talks are on. The transfer of a particular nursing staff is the bone of contention. We hope to resolve all issues at the earliest,\" said a representative of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11971672", "title": "BJP garnering numbers for standing panel control", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though the BJP-Sena combine needs the support of only five corporators to reach the halfway mark of 73, it is trying to garner support of as many independents and small parties as possible as its target is the maximum possible number.A BJP leader explained that as there are sixteen seats in the standing committee (equivalent to the finance ministry) and 145 corporators, a party or combine needs to have nine corporators for getting one seat on the committee. \"If we have, say, 73 corporators, we will get eight seats on the standing committee while the remaining eight will go to the opposition parties. A government should not only have a majority in the House but the standing committee, too, for smooth functioning. For getting the ninth seat, we will need to have a strength of 82,\" the leader explained.Garnering that strength is not an easy task. BJP and Shiv Sena have a combined strength of 68. They had extended support to a Lokbharti corporator Ramdas Gudadhe. The party will need support of another thirteen corporators to achieve its target.Roping in BSP, which has 12 corporators, may be tricky because their expectations are too high. This leaves two IUML corporators, two of BRP-BMS, two of MNS, one of BREM and ten independents.As per BJP sources, IUML, BRP-BMS and BREM have agreed to join the BJP-Sena government, which takes the effective tally to 74. The party will have secure support of either six independents and both the MNS corporators or eight independents for reaching the magic figure of 82.Officially, the MNS corporators have said that they would join the government only if party chief Raj Thackeray gives the green signal. As MNS needs BJP's support in Nashik municipal corporation, Raj is likely to agree. If he doesn't, there are chances that the two MNS corporators will cross the floor and join BJP or Sena. Their expulsion by MNS will not lead to disqualification.The ten independents are: Satish Hole (Cong rebel), Parinay Fuke (Cong rebel), Harish Dikondwar (NCP rebel), Savita Sangole (NCP rebel), Kishor Dorle (Cong rebel), Ravindra Dolas (Ind), Gopinath Kumre (Ind), Meena Chaudhari (Ind), Munna Pokulwar (Ind).BJP has already secured the support of Dolas, Pokulwar and Dikondwar. However, securing the support of another five or even three is not an easy task and BJP leaders are currently holding regular talks to bring as many independents as possible to their fold.Number game for BJP* There are sixteen seats in the standing committee and 145 corporators in the new house. For every nine corporators that a party or combine has, it gets one seat on the standing committee. Fifteen seats are gained this way.* However, for the last seat, a party needs to have ten corporators. This is because fifteen multiplied by nine is 135, which leaves ten corporators.* If a party has 73 corporators - the halfway mark in the NMC House - it will get eight seats in the standing committee, which means it won't be in a majority. For securing the ninth seat, another nine corporators are required, which means the tally has to be 82. The opposition will have 63 seats and hence will get only seven seats (9x7).* BJP and Sena have 68 corporators. They need support of another fourteen to take the tally to 82. Lokbharti (1), IUML (2), BRP-BMS (2) and BREM (1) have agreed to support BJP, which takes the tally to 74.* There are ten independents and two MNS corporators. BJP will either need support of two MNS corporators and six independents or simply eight independents. Some independents have already been roped in.* The last resort for the BJP is seeking the support of BSP, which has 12 corporators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11971724", "title": "City airport may take time to go international", "text": "CHANDIGARH: At a time when foreign airlines are keen to connect with Chandigarh on the international flight map by offering flights from the local airport, the higher authorities in Delhi are dashing all hopes by delaying necessary approvals. It's been almost five months since the low cost airline, Air Arabia was principally allowed to operate Sharjah-Chandigarh flight from local airport, but the airline is still waiting for an approval from the ministry of defence (MoD) and director general civil aviation (DGCA). Company has also been writing to authorities so that they can start their operations.On Monday, commercial head of Air Arabia, A K Nizar, said, it's very unfortunate that higher authorities in India are taking a longer time in giving necessary approvals for operating international flights from Chandigarh. \"The airline was principally allowed to operate from Chandigarh airport in October, but even after almost five months they are yet to receive the final approval,\" Nizar said.He added that slot for operating international flight was allotted after the bilateral agreement between Air Arabia and Chandigarh-based officials of Airports Authority of India (AAI) for operating a low cost Sharjah-Chandigarh flight. He said, \"At that time all necessary requirements including the required infrastructure at local airport, immigration and customs were all done in October, but clearance was not received.\"Nizar however added that local airport authorities as well as civil administration in Chandigarh were very supportive while finalizing terms and conditions for the launching flight. It would be highly economical and low cost airlines, which would help connect people living in the region to UAE .\"I know there are several formalities required for permitting airline for international flights. We are running several flights for various international destinations across the globe, but such delay appears to be unprecedented and unexpected,\" Nizar rues.Why permission is needed?Chandigarh airport is mainly a defence airfield and any foreign aircraft can land here only after the clearance from MOD, which is pending in the present case. When contacted, Air Officer Commanding (AOC) Chandigarh Air Force station, which is controlling the airbase, said the matter requires clearance from MOD and they would just follow the orders from them. Following MOD permission, only a formal clearance from DGCA would be required", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11969535", "title": "Rahul shown black flags in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: In his road show near Bagahi Bhatta in Cantonment area on Monday, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi had to face an awkward situation when some youths tried to show black flags to him.Some youths were seen running behind his luxury bus shouting slogans like 'Rahul Gandhi wapas jao', 'Rahul Gandhi wapas jao' (Rahul Gandhi go back). Only a few days back, firebrand Samajwadi Party (SP) leader Azam Khan, while campaigning in Phulpur, Allahabad, had showered praises on the student leaders of SP who managed to break the SPG cordon on three occasions and showed black flags to Rahul.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11969997", "title": "HC stays trial proceedings against Khushboo", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of Madras high court has stayed a proceedings at Nattham court against actor Khushboo in a case registered against her for an alleged poll code violation during the last assembly poll campaign.Last week, she filed a petition in the Madras high court seeking to quash the case registered against her. Justice T Sudnathiram, before whom the matter came up for hearing, has granted a stay on the proceedings in the Nattham court. During the assembly poll campaign, she lobbied for DMK candidate Vijayan at a public meeting on March 27, 2011 without permission of poll officials and thereby caused disturbance to public by creating a traffic jam.Following the complaint lodged by the poll officials, the Nattham police registered a case against her and the candidate.Last month, the star campaigner of the DMK appeared before Nattham Judicial Magistrate Court in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11969531", "title": "Court asks commissioner to explain \u2018shoddy theft probe\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sought an explanation from the Delhi Police commissioner on why no action was taken against two cops for an alleged shoddy probe in a theft case even as a vigilance enquiry found them to be \"unprofessional\".\"Report be called from the commissioner of Police in respect of the fact as to on what ground no action was taken against SI Dharmendra and IO inspector Khanduri though the preliminary vigilance inquiry has found both of them to be unprofessional,\" Metropolitan Magistrate Ekta Gauba said.The report was called for on a plea by RTI activist Vivek Garg complaining police inaction in a case of theft lodged by him in June 2010 with the Daryaganj police station. Garg had reported a case of theft of crucial information, cash and books by three of his employees at his publishing house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11969896", "title": "50-yr-old man hangs self", "text": "HUBLI: A 50-year-old man committed suicide by hanging himself at his residence in Walvekar plot in Hubli on Monday. Kasabapeth police told TOI that the deceased is Nagappa Basappa Valmiki. Police said Nagappa's wife had committed suicide four years ago. Unable to cope with loneliness Nagappa had slipped into depression and hence took the extreme step. A case has been registered with the Kasabapeth police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "11970127", "title": "Mumbai ATS team visits Darbhanga in Bihar", "text": "DARBHANGA: A two-member ATS team from Mumbai, led by Inspector S B Rao, came to Darbhanga on February 16 and collected information about Yashin Bhatkal, the main accused in the bomb blast that took place in D B Road police station area in Mumbai last year. The team quizzed some persons, including a teacher of an educational institution. Bhatkal has links with Darbhanga.On January 18, a Mumbai ATS team led by inspector Sheetal Raut had come to Darbhanga to seize two motorcycles, used in the blast, at Dewara village under the Jale police station.This team had brought with itself Nadeem Akhtar, son of Ashfaque Akhtar of this village, who was arrested by the Mumbai police for his involvement in the blast.Naqui Ahmad, son of Bashi Ahmad of this village, is also in judicial custody in Mumbai as an accused in the case. Taking help from Nadeem, the ATS team recovered two motorcycles having Maharashtra number plates __ one from the house of Ashfaque and another from Bashi's house.The Mumbai ATS team, which came here on February 16 for collecting information about the Darbhanga connection of Yashin Bhatkal, also visited Dewra village and interacted with many people. The Jale SHO said that the team had sought help from him for going to the village and quizzing some persons.He deputed the chowkidar of the village to help the Mumbai team.The ATS team also visited a Laheriasarai-based educational institution and quizzed a teacher whose son is studying in Delhi.The team has reportedly succeeded in tracing some Darbhanga links of Bhatkal. The team returned to Mumbai on Sunday.Confirming the visit of Mumbai ATS team, Darbhanga IG R K Mishra told TOI on Monday that the team had sought his permission for visiting Dewra village for corroborating the disclosures made by the two arrested natives of the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11970631", "title": "Youths clean up KR Hospital vicinity", "text": "Volunteers Associated With Mysore Youth Forum Set Example For Officials, PublicMYSORE: The community service by the Mysore Youth Forum joined by the students of Mysore Medical College and Research Institute has helped clean the precincts of the Krishna Rajendra Hospital. A group of youths including working professionals and students washed the vicinity and painted it as part of their spot-fixing initiative. The initiative is aimed at maintaining hygiene in the vicinity of the hospital so that patients of the government hospital are safer.Their efforts are fully appreciated by the public, authorities and elected representatives, who are now embarrassed about the work since the group of young brigade has delivered what they could not.MMCRI dean and KRH medical superintendent Dr Geetha Avadhani told TOI: \"It's a gesture of goodwill and these volunteers have set an example to others. When I was crossing the junction on Sunday I saw some people cleaning the premises. I thought civic authorities were at work but I was wrong.\" The dean, however, said it is the civic body's responsibility to keep the surroundings clean, but students have now shown the way.Moreover, it was a surprise for deputy mayor M J Ravikumar when he noticed a group of youths at work in his ward (No: 35) on Sunday morning. He stood to attention and saluted the students. Ravikumar said their work is really appreciable. However, he reasoned that he had cleaned up the place twice but people who lack civic sense have spoiled it.MYF member Nitin Ningaiah said they were approached by an employee Wahab Shariff, who had learnt about their spot-fixing work at the Mission Hospital on Republic Day and also a member of their forum Vaishanavi Patil, a student of MMCRI, had brought it to their notice. Subsequently, the forum decided to clean the K R Hospital vicinity for a safer environment for patients, after a meeting.They said passers-by and bus travellers used to use a corner of the junction to urinate because the place was not well-maintained. Pedestrians, especially women, felt ill at ease in the area. A few weeks ago, the forum had achieved its first successful spot-fixing near the Mission hospital and this is its second project to create awareness about hygiene.The MYF team included students - Vaishnavi Patil (MMCRI), Pavan Abhinandan (TTL), Nihal and Chandrika (NIE), Varun (MIT), Namrata (GSSS) and working professionals Keerti Rao, Chinmayi, Soundary, Manju, Karan, Nitin and Kunal Gauraw. They took three hours to clean up the spot beginning 6.30am. Now, students have decided to put up hoardings appealing to the public not to spoil the place again.Wahab Shariff, who supported the students in their project, said he passes the area every day on his way to work and was feeling bad about the dirty place. It's in the heart of the city. There are many landmarks and many tourists including foreign nationals were passing by this area too. He was pained over it. Today, the students showed others the way to go and their work has put elected representatives including district in-charge minister and officials to shame.I'm glad because I feel I am doing my bit to society through the forum. My knowledge about painting has come in handy and in creating awareness on keeping the surroundings clean.The place used to stink and even patients used to feel very uncomfortable. Moreover, it embarrassed women to see people urinating there. I use the stretch regularly. This is my first experience and I have now learnt how to paint too, thanks to the team. I want people to look at society as home and keep the public places clean.My parents have encouraged me a lot on this score. The condition of the place was pathetic, but we have changed it. I request the public to maintain hygiene and urge youths to take up similar projects for a cause like this.Nihal Shashidar Gudigenavar | NIEVaishnavi Patil | MMCRI Chandrika M R| NIE", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11970989", "title": "Celebs 'ad' glamour to Gujarat brands", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When Rasna's chief Piruz Khambatta wanted to hire a new brand ambassador for his brands recently, he finalized Genelia D'souza because her face matched that of his five-year-old daughter, Avan. The soft-drink concentrate maker plans to pair Avan with the actress in its new commercial.Be it selling soft drinks or dream homes, leading companies based in Gujarat are hiring celebrities to endorse their products.\"Genelia is quite popular in the South through regional films so we will not need a separate celebrity to promote Rasna in South, where we are quite active. We also wanted to establish the fact that Rasna has fruits, 11 minerals and calcium, for which we were looking for someone like Genelia who is a modern wife,\" said Khambatta.In the past, Rasna has roped in celebrities like Karisma Kapoor, Hrithik Roshan , Anupam Kher , Paresh Rawal and Kapil Dev. Khambatta feels that nothing much changes in a brand over a period, but a celebrity changes the perception towards the brand. \"It is important to appeal to the present generation and therefore more important to keep changing celebrities. It gives a fresh look to the product,\" added Khambatta.The commercial featuring Genelia and Avan will also introduce a special product for the rural market and the message that Rasna can be used to make candies.Cadila Healthcare already has Bipasha Basu as the ambassador for its Sugar Free Gold brand. Real estate developers are now associating their projects with celebrities in order to leverage their projects. For instance, Juhi Chawla and Bappi Lahiri jointly promoted Om Realty Group's Nastaniya project, while Zarine Khan is promoting Swagat Infrastructure's project.Most of the times it is the actor's popularity that companies consider before finalizing on a brand ambassador. Jateen Gupta, managing director, JP Iscon Ltd, which appointed Akshay Kumar to promote its Iscon Platinum project in Ahmedabad, said, \"The trend of hiring celebrities to promote brands is new in Ahmedabad as companies have started thinking big. The projects are also large scale and have a celebrity on board gives it due mileage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11970470", "title": "The English diary of an itinerant raja", "text": "KOCHI: Macaulay, had he read this, would probably have been less patronising about Indians and oriental life in general. A scrupulously maintained diary by Kerala Varma IV, the 32nd king of the erstwhile Cochin kingdom , provides a rare glimpse into mid-19th century provincial India, its last entry being just three years before the great Indian mutiny.\"This is a jungly place and wild beasts , I am told, do much injury here,\" Varma noted on Jan 2, 1854 on the road near Balasore en route to Kasi. The raja had left Cochin the previous year, complete with servants, palanquins, horses and retinue on a pilgrimage to Hinduism's holiest spot. Call it prescience or just coincidence, but the very next day after he made that particular observation one of the raja's peons was attacked by a Royal Bengal tiger.Written, remarkably, in English and largely from the privileged eye of an aristocrat with an assured voice, the language, despite the occasional quaint spellings and profusion of idioms, would have rivalled anything coming out from the office of the Earl of Dalhousie, then governor general of the East India Company.\"Earlier, the rajas in Kochi knew Malayalam and even Dutch, but this king will be remembered as the first one to learn English. In fact he kept a meticulous diary to improve his second language,\" says Raman Namboothiri, a former Archealogical Survey of India scholar. Namboothiri has tried his best to preserve this piece of history from perishing by making a copy of the original manuscript, which will soon be published as a book.The diary offers glimpses into Cochin of the 1840s and 50s. In one instance the diary notes how Kerala Varma as a teenager used to throw bullets into the palace pond instead of stones. Bullets were a common 'toy' for the princes in the 19th century, Namboothiri explains.Cochin then was a suzerain of the East India Company and the rulers had no real powers. \"In those days, the kings of Cochin had no role other than being a rubber stamp because the diwan usually oversaw the kingdom. Instead of idling away, this king wanted to travel and see India and then come back and try to implement some change in Kochi,\" says Namboothiri.For more than seven months, Kerala Varma IV travelled through a huge swathe of India and most of the diary narrates the sights and scenes he encountered. They provide idiosyncratic, albeit valuable, footnotes to drab official history.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11971314", "title": "For whom parents toil", "text": "MUMBAI: Someone said children are a great comfort in your old age...and they help you reach it faster, too. Try raising a child in a city like Mumbai, and you'll find yourself prematurely greying in your 30s. And it's not children per se that are the problem, but the inescapable task of raising them. For one, it's an expensive affair.Parents, particularly double-income parents of moderate means are feeling the pinch of raising a child in a secure and salubrious environment while keeping their day jobs. Natasha Mansukhani, a marketing executive says she pays close to Rs 15,000 a month for daycare facilities in Bandra for her two-year-old.\"It's the price I have to pay for the guarantee of safety, healthy meals and a nurturing environment for my daughter,\" she says of an eighthour service that looks after her daughter for the duration of her workday.\"I've learnt to cut back on luxuries like spas, fine dining and frequent shopping. I'd much rather spend on a reliable daycare service than lose sleep over unreliable maids,\" Mansukhani says.Prohibitive costs of quality daycare and a reluctance to trust their offspring with untested help has compelled some working mothers to stay home and bring up baby. That effectively makes theirs a single-income household.Amanda Noronha quit her job as a teacher to raise her three children, all under 10 years. And even though her husband is on the upward trot as a financial services consultant, she says there's no room for wasteful extravagance.\"Our monthly expenses for the children alone work out to Rs 20,000 to 25,000, and this doesn't include emergencies like doctor's bills,\" Noronha says. After monthly deductions for investment in each child's higher education, investments for their own retirement, and bills for food, school and other miscellanea are toted up, the Noronhas ration the rest of their spending. \"We seldom eat out; I hardly ever buy the children toys (although I do splurge on books occasionally); and I take them shopping only once a year. I've even stopped buying them DVDs, choosing instead to play educational videos on Youtube,\" she says. Muzaffar Karimullah, a financial executive with a MNC complains that everything is getting expensive these days. \"It's very difficult to manage on last year's budget. Salaries don't keep up with inflation. We're meateaters so the food inflation in non-vegetarian items has hit us hard. School bus fees have risen by 50% while my children's SSC school fees are up 10 to 15%. So we try to cut back where we can,\" he says. From shopping at export surplus stores, to renting DVDs instead of hiking to expensive multiplexes, and limiting the number of takeouts per week, parents are trying to balance their books in the best way that they can. \"It's hard to resist sales talk that promises your child a more progressive education, and by that math, greater chances of a successful life. But you have to pay for it,\" says a parent who has hived off part of his property to pay for an IB education, and its ancillary bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "11971966", "title": "Curtains on BIT fest", "text": "SINDRI: The three-day Tech-Udbhav, annual festival of BIT Sindri's chapter of Institution of Electronics and Telecommunication Engineers (IETE), concluded with fun and frolic on Monday.After different rounds of brainstorming sessions, finally when Ankit Kumar and Sonakshi were declared Mr and Ms Technocrat, respectively, the entire Deshpandey auditorium gave a standing ovation. The metallurgical engineering branch was declared the best branch on the basis of awards grabbed in different competitions while Shamshad Alam bagged the coveted software building competition. The prize for web designing went jointly to Akash Verma and Keshav. Ankit Kumar and Prashant were awarded for the technical paper presentation competition. Mighty Morphine and Robocop won prizes in the robotics section. BIT director S K Singh and senior teachers and guests from the Dhanbad chapter of Institution of Engineers India distributed prizes to the winners.Earlier, addressing a national seminar on \"Convergence of engineering education through information and communication technology\", different speakers lauded the role of information technology and said that the way information technology has made the entire world a global village by way of fast connectivity; it has changed the entire scenario of engineering education. While engineering college laboratories are fast getting converted from hardware to software labs, e-book and e-learning has equipped students with the latest advancements in the field of technology. tnnTechnical papers on \"Utilization of renewable energy in present scenario\", nuclear energy challenges and opportunities, adoption of smart and digital classroom study and library system in engineering education, application of information &amp; communication technology in engineering were presented during the", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "11971369", "title": "Making vintage run smooth is Amandeep's first love", "text": "DUGRI: Amandeep Singh Grewal of Dugri is passionate, crazy and simply mad about restoration of vehicles. He devotes most of his time on restoration and these days is busy restoring Ford Perfect of 1947. Prior to this, he has restored Toyota Land Cruiser and Chevrolet Custom of 70s, leaving his pocket lighter by Rs 14 lakh.Amandeep said from his teenage days, vintage cars were his fascination, and with the passage of time his interest in the same only grew. He started learning various techniques of restoration and in 2007 purchased Land Cruiser from Rajasthan, which someone had kept in junkyard, broken and forsaken. After bringing it to Ludhiana, he hired some motor mechanic and worked with him for its restoration. That mechanic changed all the non-functional spare parts and within few months, the vehicle was ready to move on road. He said some of the spare parts he had purchased from Ludhiana and some were purchased from New Delhi.Twenty nine-year-old Amandeep said in 2008, he purchased Chevrolet Custom from a village in Punjab and again called professionals for its maintenance. His elder brother, Sukhjeet Singh Grewal also helped him a lot in purchasing these vehicles, as he has good knowledge about vintage vehicles.He said along with changing the spare parts, he also repainted his vintage cars that were admired by one and all. \"Vintage vehicles in miserable condition always hurt me, I cannot see them in such condition,\" said Amandeep. Builder by profession, he feels many of the vintage car owners are not aware of the importance of their vehicle and do not pay attention towards them. This is the only reason why many of the vintage vehicles are in a poor condition. He also owns a modified jeep but his concentration is only on Ford Perfect, whose restoration work he would complete within few months. Amandeep's cousin, Jaspreet Singh Grewal said Amandeep's interest in restoration fascinates him, and he has also started developing keen interest in this skill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11971888", "title": "6 shops at one stretch burgled", "text": "KOCHI: In a daring early morning robbery, around 16 shops in the 500-metre stretch between Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium and St Martin's Church in Palarivattom in the city were burgled by a gang on Monday. The heist is reminiscent of a similar attempt near Edappally St George Church last week.Following the robbery, the Palarivattom police took into custody 14 people, including four migrant labourers, suspected of having been involved. According to police, the shops near South Janatha Junction were burgled between 2 am and 4 am by some unidentified group, who also tied up a security guard at United Plaza after beating him up.Officials inquiring into the incident said the gang may have used hydraulic jacks and iron rods to break in. They looted only hard cash, about Rs 10,000, and left other valuables untouched.In an earlier incident on Saturday, a gang broke into four shops in Panorama Arcade near Edapally Church and stole about Rs 4,000 in the wee hours. The culprits have not been caught yet. Kalamaserry police said they were still investigating the case. On Monday, seven shops in Penta Towers, a Dell computer showroom, a consultancy in United Plaza, an automobile showroom and three restaurants on the stretch were burgled. \"When we left the restaurant at 2 am, everything was intact. But around 3.30 am, one of our partners who passed by found the hotel shutters open and informed us,\" said Zahir, owner of Real Arabia, one of the restaurants that was burgled. Shopkeepers said that before breaking in, the burglars had tied up the security guard of the complex and beaten him up. The guard was later taken to the general hospital by police and given first aid.Police said they would arrest everyone involved. \"We suspect that a larger group is involved. It's impossible for a few people to rob 16 shops in an hour. Investigations are on, and we are concentrating on gangs carrying out similar operations,\" said V Gopakumar, Palarivattom SI.In an attempt to identify the robbers, the Palarivattom police conducted an identification parade on Monday evening. The 14 suspects in custody were paraded before security guard Abu, who had been beaten up by the burglars. But he could not identify any of them as being involved in the crime. Abu was let off after his statement had been recorded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11968917", "title": "Neglected heritage awaits conservation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Several ancient unprotected monuments that have been vandalized and defaced in the guise of religion will soon be taken up for conservation and eventual legal protection. Most of these monuments have been identified in Mehrauli by the archaeology department of the Delhi government along with INTACH Delhi Chapter. Many of these structures are known to have been encroached upon in the recent past and their outside facade changed.Sources said the list of monuments had not been made official yet, but eighteen monuments had been identified for Phase II of the government's collaboration with the conservation body INTACH to protect and conserve 92 heritage structures in the capital. Some other monuments likely to be taken up are Baradari at Sadhna Enclave, three gateways at Badarpur and the Dara Shikoh library building where a museum is being planned in near future.The list has been sent to the lieutenant-governor's office for preliminary notification. After this, the public will be given a chance to voice their objection to the monuments being declared as protected heritage buildings. If any objections are received, their authenticity will be verified by the revenue department, after which the list will go back to the L-G's office for final notification. Sources said estimates were being prepared for carrying out the project.An agreement was signed between the state archaeology department and INTACH in 2010 to promote and conserve various unprotected monuments in the city. Before the Commonwealth Games in October 2010, up to 25 monuments, including prominent structures like Gol Gumbad near the Lodi Road flyover, tombs at Zamroodpur near LSR College and Bara Lao ka Gumbad in Vasant Vihar, were taken up for protection. With the completion of Phase I of the project, plans for starting Phase II was underway for months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11969508", "title": "Mumbai swelters at 35 degrees Celsius in \u2018winter\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: If you have been feeling hot under your collar and have lost your appetite during the day, worry not. It is not just you, the weather is making several Mumbaikars a little queasy.While only three days ago, it was cold enough to enable a good night's sleep in quilts, now it is hot and dry. Colaba recorded 36.8 degrees Celsius-the highest temperature of the year so far-on Sunday. On Monday, Santa Cruz, too, was hot at 36.5 degrees Celsius.But although it feels like summer already, the weather bureau insists that there is no sign of the winter ending yet. \"We may say that the city weather is summer-like. But the summer season starts only from March, and the winter season still has about nine more days to go,\" said Bishwombhar Singh, director, India Meteorological Department.While Colaba recorded 34.5 degree Celsius on Monday, both Colaba and Santa Cruz's day-time temperatures were five degrees above normal. Colaba and Santa Cruz recorded 21.7 (two degrees above normal) and 18.6 (one degree above normal) minimum temperatures, respectively, on Monday.The weather bureau has said day-time temperatures may rise further in the next two days.\"This rise is only because of the change in the wind directions in the city,\" said Singh. Explaining the phenomenon, he said that earlier, northerly winds were carrying in cold from the northern plains of India. But now, the western disturbance, which had brought in the cold waves from the north, has passed and, therefore, the northerly winds have become feeble.\"The city is now being affected by easterly winds which are dry and hot. Moreover, even the sea breeze, which otherwise starts at about 10.30am every morning and sets some moisture in the city, has been starting late-by 1.30pm-in the past two days, thus pushing up the temperature,\" he said.The moisture, says the weather department, can help decrease the temperature. But the humidity levels, too, have been quite low. The evening humidity levels by Colaba and Santa Cruz were 47% and 29%, respectively, on Monday.What may be worrisome for Mumbaikars is that the temperature may rise further in the next two days. \"The maximum temperature may rise as high as 38 degrees Celsius in the next two days,\" said Singh, adding that the other weather conditions may remain similar to Monday's.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11969998", "title": "UPMSS helpline gets flooded with queries", "text": "LUCKNOW: A week after the board helpline was launched by Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shikshak Sangh (UPMSS), students seem to be asking endless questions, right from how to combat stress to how to score 100% marks in subjects like Mathematics.Interestingly, a student from Gonda, on Monday, expressed his concern over the involvement of secondary education officials in unscrupulous activities which are landing them in jail. As per UPMSS state secretary, RP Mishra, the student asked, \"Whether the board examinations would be held in such circumstances when education officials are landing in jail?\" The boy was hinting at former secondary education director, Sanjay Mohan who was recently arrested on charges of duping candidates appearing for Teacher Eligibility Test (TET), and promising them success.If the helpline members are to be believed, they are getting nearly 100 calls everyday from students from various districts. \"The maximum calls are for the science subjects, and the least are in commerce. Science students ask questions as to ways and tips to remember chemical equations, how to enhance concentration power,\" said Mishra.Helpline members shared that examination is a crucial time for the students as well as parents. Students who want help can call up on the following helpline numbers for any queries. For difficulties in Hindi subject, one can dial 9616492745, for English, it is 9616493997, for Mathematics, the number is 9616545280, social science, it is 9616492734. For stress related problems, students can call on 9616495896.The problems will be addressed by various experts from between 4 pm to 5 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11971082", "title": "Agony of the winged mimics: Parrots form 50% of wild bird trade in the country", "text": "NEW DELHI: Did you know that keeping that ubiquitous mitthu at home is illegal ? Indian wildlife laws state that trading in and keeping native birds is against the law. But ironically, it is absolutely legal to keep exotic birds in captivity. India has 12 species of parrots, of which eight are regularly traded. In fact, parrots form roughly 50% of the wild bird trade in India.Chicks are captured across the country in winter and traded between December and June ; the adults are traded throughout the year. The most common species is the rose-ringed parakeet while the most preferred species for trade is the Alexandrine parrot, as it has a superior ability to mimic humans and can adapt well to captivity.Abrar Ahmed, consultant with Traffic India, says rescuing a bird is pointless since once a chick is separated from its parents, it rarely survives. \"It is important to stop trade of the bird at the grassroots level. When being transported, the chicks are force-fed and treated in absolutely inhuman ways. Some die even before reaching the market. It is essential that the trade is stopped,\" he says.Since May last year, there have been at least five reported seizures of parakeets in and around Delhi. More than 1,000 birds have been rescued ; but rehabilitation schemes hold no promise for their survival. Most of the birds were rescued while they were being transported in state transport buses. \"It is important to treat bird trade as an inter-state and international racket. Random occasional raids are not helpful at all. These cases cannot be seen in isolation. In fact, these occasional raids have only made the entire trade go underground,\" says Samir Sinha of Traffic.Delhi, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Patna, Lucknow and Kolkata are the hubs of this trade. Delhi plays two roles in the illegal bird trade : while its bird market in Chandni Chowk is an important point where people from various states come to purchase, the city is also a major stopover for birds in transit. Ahmed says Mumbai receives a large part of the consignment as it is the hub for Middle East. \"However, Gujarat is also becoming an important centre and several seizures have been carried out in Ahmedabad. Many birds are being supplied to other countries from here,\" he says.The Nicobar parakeet, Long-tailed parakeet and Derby's parakeet have been listed as 'near threatened ' in the International Union for Conservation of Nature list. \"Parrots usually nest in tree hollows, but monoculture plantations, lopping of old trees and plantation of exotic species are depriving them of nesting spots, leading to a sharp drop in their numbers. Unless demand for the birds stops, the trade will continue unabated,\" Ahmed adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11969235", "title": "\u2018Tickets to families were allotted on merit basis\u2019", "text": "PANAJI: Congress screening committee chairman and Union minister Oscar Fernandes said that the Congress party has decided to allot tickets to five family members on merit and now the people of Goa will decide whether they have merit.Congress party has given tickets to Rane, Alemao, Naik, Madkaikar and Monserrate family members to contest the March 3 assembly elections.Speaking to media persons, Fernandes said \"It is not that we have given large no of tickets to families, we have decided on merit and now people of Goa will decide whether they have the merit.\"He also said that now the family ticket issue is with the people of the state. Fernandes also said that with the alliance, Congress party will get a clear majority in the elections and doesn't need the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) to form the government. On relations between the Congress and the MGP, he said, \"We don't have any relations with people who are not with us.\"Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11970930", "title": "Unable to get quality MBAs, companies look southward", "text": "BHOPAL: Students from the B-schools of Bhopal have disappointed placement agencies. Absence of quality MBA candidates and their reluctance to get a posting outside Bhopal have forced several management recruiting companies to go to other states. There are 67 MBA colleges that produce around 3000 students every year.According to a training and placement officer of a city-based college, companies are keen to recruit but they are not getting quality candidates. \"Companies are coming in large number to recruit MBAs, but lack of quality candidates has proved a hindrance,\" Radharaman College Training and Placement Officer James said. Every year, 15-20 companies approach the college to carry out recruitment drive, but go disappointed, he claimed.There is another problem. They want jobs in Bhopal. \"We offered students lucrative jobs. It was shocking for me to know when students refused to take job outside Bhopal. It is not possible for companies to offer all jobs in Bhopal alone,\" a public relations officer of a renowned placement company said.\"Besides quality of students passing out from Bhopal is also not up to the requirements of the recruiting companies,\" he maintainedJames said \"several students lacked subject knowledge and faced language problem and lacked confidence during the recruitment drive. \"Most of students have a perception that they will learn while they work. Several companies did recruit such students, but later they turned out to be a liability\".Students should also understand that before appearing for any campus, they need to sharpen their subject knowledge and language skills,\" he said.Admitting they lack quality, TPO of LNCT College Atul Mishra said communication is a major problem with these students. \"Academically, they may be good. But almost 60% of them need proper grooming,\" Mishra said.Recruitments companies said that they are planning to move south and west for recruiting better candidates. \"Students in southern and some western states are always ready to take up the challenge which is not the case with Bhopal. We are planning to stop recruitment drive in Bhopal and start looking for candidates in other states,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11969940", "title": "Women lead crusade against alcohol, close liquor shop", "text": "HUBLI: Now on, liquor will not flow easily in Mooka Basarikatti village and other surrounding villages of Shiggaon taluk of Haveri district. Any one who dares to open liquor shop or sell it illegally under wrap will have to incur the wrath from women folk.Women in the village have taken oath to make their village free from liquor and save families from the miseries caused by men taking to alcohol. To keep their words, women belonging to self-help groups, stree shakti and other women organizations on Sunday night ransacked a shop selling liquor and forced the owner to close the shop.Selling of liquor is completely banned in Mooka Basarikatti and other surrounding villages -- Bada, Hale Bankapur, Hungund, Hulikatti, Sidlapur and other villages.A few months ago, all the elders in the village vowed not to allow any liquor shop in Mooka Basarikatti.Even then, some people opened a small tea shop and were selling liquor through tea stall illegally. Women warned the shop owner to stop selling liquor and also lodged complaint with police.When no action was taken, women took the owner to task and ransacked the shop, sending a strong message to those who try to sell liquor in the village.Speaking to TOI, Basavaraj Danagal, GP member, said, \"We have decided not to have liquor shop in the village and action will be taken against those violating the rules.\"Shamala, Sumangala, Channabassava and other women said, \"Many families have been ruined because of male members getting addicted to alcohol. We will continue our crusade against liquor. When police failed to act, we took the initiative and closed the shop owner to close the shop.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11971444", "title": "Traffic checkpoints to pin down speed demons", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Avoid going over the speed limit when driving on city roads as the traffic police are keeping a tab on violators.Hundreds of challan slips have been issued at checkpoints in the past five days and 93 traffic defaulters were fined on Monday. Traffic inspector Jasminder Singh said, \"Check points are being put up at all sensitive locations. The teams are stationed at different places every time so violators cannot escape.\"Cops have concluded that overspeeding has been the major cause of most fatal accidents. \"There are place where motorcyclists were caught driving at bone-breaking speeds of over 100km an hour. Such errant drivers are being counselled,\" he said.The maximum speed limit on different roads of Chandigarh varies between 40 and 65km per hour.The police had challaned 2,179 drivers for overspeeding in 2010 but this number dropped to just 1,497 in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11974204", "title": "Microsoft accuses Google of tracking IE users", "text": "Microsoft has accused Google of bypassing user privacy settings. According to a Windows Internet Explorer engineering team blog on MSDN, when the IE team heard Google had bypassed user privacy settings on Safari, it tried to find out if the company is circumventing the privacy preferences of Internet Explorer users too?And, \"we've discovered the answer is yes,\" writes Microsoft's IE corporate vice president Dean Hachamovitch in the blog titled Google bypassing user privacy settings. According to Hachamovitch, Google is employing similar methods like Safari to get around the default privacy protections in IE and track IE users with cookies.Writes Hachamovitch \"By default, IE blocks third-party cookies unless the site presents a P3P Compact Policy Statement indicating how the site will use the cookie and that the site's use does not include tracking the user. Google's P3P policy causes Internet Explorer to accept Google's cookies even though the policy does not state Google's intent.\"However, Hachamovitch claims that Internet Explorer 9 has an additional privacy feature called Tracking Protection which is not susceptible to this type of bypass. Hence, Microsoft advises its users to use Internet Explorer 9 and add a Tracking Protection List to protect themselves from Google's bypass of P3P privacy protection.A recent Wall Street Journal article described how Google \"bypassed Apple browser settings for guarding privacy.\" Explaining this further, Business Insider website wrote that Google secretly developed a way to circumvent default privacy settings established by a... competitor, Apple... (and) Google then used the workaround to drop ad-tracking cookies on the Safari users, which is exactly the sort of practice that Apple was trying to prevent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11969857", "title": "Medicinal herbs found in Dharwad", "text": "DHARWAD: Dharwad district lying in the northern part of Karnataka, forms a threshold to Western Ghats. The district has different types of vegetation such as moist and dry deciduous forests, scrubby jungles and grasslands. A study conducted by R Parimala of the department of Botany in JSS College in Dharwad has revealed that the district, a land of hillocks, is a land of valuable medicinal herbs too.The nearly 30% of plants collected as part of the study possess medicinal properties. \"Grass flora is very interesting, 123 wild grasses are collected. The interesting categories include hydrophytes, xerophytes, epiphytes, parasites, endemic species to southern peninsular India, threatened plants and exotic elements. Thirteen species form new additions to the flora of Karnataka. 470 species are newly recorded from the district which attributes to nearly 51%,\" said Parimala who has been awarded PhD for her work by the Karnatak University recently.Boodanagudda and Jambulingeswara hill in Kalghatgi taluk host good number of medicinal plants. Some important medicinal species of the district are Indian Sarasaparilla, Ging, cat bean, Shatavari, Ashwagandha, Mountain Plum, Rauwolfia, Serpent root plant, Bacopa, belleric Myrobalan, Vaayu vilang, Madhunashini, Amruta balli etc., Parimala said.Propagation of such species either through tissue culture or through macro-propagation techniques should be tried so as to conserve them, she said. Karnataka is known for its natural wealth. \"The interesting topography and climate have resulted in heterogeneity of flora. But, anthropogenic activities have fragmented the forest wealth of the state. The plant wealth which is the rich resource for medicine, agriculture and industries, needs to be conserved for the next generation. The documentation of the floristic wealth of a district is an urgent need of the hour,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11969013", "title": "Marcos D\u2019Souza refuses to back out of elections despite attack", "text": "MARGAO: Independent candidate from Nuvem constituency, Marcos D'Souza, announced that he would not withdraw from contesting the upcoming elections despite being recently attacked by unknown persons.D'Souza told mediapersons that he was assaulted by two unknown persons on a bike outside his residence in Betalbatim on Sunday at 12.30am.Claiming that his rivals were behind the incident, D'Souza added that despite the 'attempt on his life' he had received tremendous support encouraging him not to back down.\"I will go ahead with my hunger strike outside the Betalbatim panchayat on February 22,\" said D'Souza.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11971022", "title": "BJP appoints new Himachal unit chief", "text": "SHIMLA: In a bid to pacify rebels in its Himachal Pradesh unit, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Monday appointed a new president for the state. Satpal Singh Satti, a second-time MLA from Una, has been appointed the state president replacing Khimi Ram, a close confidant of chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal .BJP president Nitin Gadkari cleared Satti's name and accepted Ram's resignation, a senior party leader said here.Ram, a two-time legislator from Banjar in Kullu district, was unanimously elected president in July 2009 after Jairam Thakur, who headed the state unit, was inducted into the state cabinet. In February 2010, Ram was retained as president.Satti, who is also a chief parliamentary secretary, has to resign from that post before assuming the new charge. BJP sources said a minor cabinet reshuffle is also on the cards this month.Party insiders said Gadkari had to step in following two party camps in the state, one led by Dhumal and the other by former Union minister Shanta Kumar having been at loggerheads for quite some time.Shanta loyalists, comprising two ministers and three MLAs, are upset over Dhumal's style of working.Gadkari last week deputed two central leaders - J P Nadda, a former Himachal minister, and Shyam Jaju, co-incharge of state's party affairs -- to look into the reasons for dissent among the party cadre and the allegations of corruption against top functionaries in the state.A new political outfit, Himachal Lokhit Party, formed by BJP rebels this month has also become a headache for the ruling party in the state.Assembly polls will be held in the hill state towards the end of this year. IANS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11971552", "title": "Two direct tiger sightings in Melghat during census", "text": "NAGPUR: Tigers are always elusive in Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR), fondly called 'Kipling Country'. But two direct sightings during the nine-day Phase IV tiger estimation exercise has thrilled field staff and officials. This may be perhaps the first time such sightings have been recorded during the census.The exercise on distance sampling to know density of ungulates through line transects concluded on Sunday. It started on February 10 and was conducted in over 6,250 beats in protected as well as non-protected areas in state, including tiger-bearing patches in Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM). Now, exercise to know 'proportions of animals captured' with the help of camera traps will start in March and will continue for 45-60 days.Melghat, known for its mystifying landscape with high hills and deep valleys, revealed clinching evidence of carnivores like pugmarks, scrapes and scent marks, scats etc. Field staff sighted a tiger on February 13 while walking on the transect line in Somthana range of Wan sanctuary (part of Melghat) and another tiger was seen near Semadoh on February 16. One direct tiger sighting has also been recorded in FDCM area of Chandrapur.VK Sinha, chief conservator (CCF) &amp; field director of Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR), says there could be more such records from TATR once data is compiled. The analysis of data will be done by researchers at the regional level. \"Based on this data, camera traps will be installed,\" he added.AK Mishra, CCF &amp; field director of MTR, was overjoyed by the direct tiger sightings. He too admits that due to complex landscape and dense forest cover, sightings are rare. However, he said that tigers have occupied territories in all the three villages relocated a year ago.\"The exercise was done in 275 beats. With two pairs of cameras in each beat, we'll need 450 cameras from March 1. It will help us find the individual tiger numbers of the reserve,\" Mishra said.The MTR documentation at different levels and data collected shows presence of around 50 tigers. However, in 2010, the monitoring of tigers, co-predators and prey as per the instructions of National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) and Wildlife Institute of India ( WII ), Dehradun , revealed that MTR supports population of 39 tigers in 1,800 sq km.In MTR's 230 sq km Dhargad range, comprising Gurgipati, Koktu, Kelpani, Bori, Boripati and Gullarghat, huge evidence of carnivore and herbivore presence was recorded. These dense forest patches are said to have half of MTR's tiger population. Regular sightings of bisons, chitals, sambars, and sloth bears were reported around transect lines here.Field director AK Mishra, Akot deputy conservator of forests (DyCF) Vijay Godbole and ACF Pramod Panchabhai closely monitored the drive by walking on transect lines. Godbole says it is important to note that more animals in an area may not result in enhanced detection probability, since the latter is governed by terrain features, cover, visibility etc.The 2010 tiger assessment involved three phases. This will be for the first time fourth phase will be added to the three phases. Across 41 tiger reserves, the 2010 assessment estimated 1,706 tigers (range between 1,571 and 1,875).The Way AheadCamera traps at density of one pair per 4-5 sq kmMinimum trap nights of a 1,000 per 100 sq km (i.e. 25 pairs of cameras in 100 sq km for 40 days)Minimum area coverage of 400 sq kmClosure period of 40 to 60 daysEntire reserve needs to be sampledIn case of larger reserves like MTR, the area will be covered by dividing into blocks for camera trappingTwo transects of 2-km length for each beat to be walked three times during each season. This protocol should be done for two seasons (summer and winter)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11971391", "title": "Devotees throng temples on Mahashivratri", "text": "LUDHIANA: For devotees of lord Shiva across the city, Monday started early and with devotion. Since 4.30am, people had started thronging temples to seek blessings of lord Shiva and please him with belpatras, milk, flowers, fruits, bhaang (hemp leaves) etc.\"I poured water and a concoction of milk, rose water and honey on the shivalingam while offering prayers four times during the day,\" said Vikram Juneja of Model Town. Shweta Sharma of Sarabha Nagar had prepared some special sweets for the occasion and distributed it among the neighbours. \"Everyone loved the sweets,\" she said.\"It is said Shivratri is celebrated to commemorate the wedding of Lord Shiva and Parvati, who are the most adorable couple. I prayed to God to give me a good life partner,\" stated Mona Verma of Dandi Swami road. Resident of Civil Lines, Gautam Sabharwal said among the Hindu Gods, Shiva holds a special place because of his role in both creation and destruction. He is a great Shiva devotee and had gone to the temple early.Resident of Ferozepur Road, Sumant Devgan said I may or may not go to the temple throughout the year, but on Shivratri, I always go because no one is above lord Shiva in the Hindu religion. \"Offering water on shivalingam and other things have special religious significance. Smearing sindoor and bathing the lingam with milk signifies cleansing of the soul, offering of fruits represents a long life and fulfillment of desires while lighting of a lamp signifies achievement of knowledge,\" said Vishnu Upadhyay, priest of Hanuman temple of Haibowal.The festival is accorded much significance in the Hindu culture, especially for unmarried women, who usually fast for a good husband. It is also believed that worship of lord Shiva on this day absolves one of all sins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11971710", "title": "Admn gears up for HSC exam", "text": "AMRAVATI: The administration has geared up for the HSC examination which will begin on Tuesday. A total of 41,653 students will appear for the examination. Collector Rahul Mahiwal recently convened a review meeting of tehsildars regarding smooth organization of the HSC examination.He instructed tehsildars to film the examination centres during English and Mathematics papers. The administration has formed 266 sitting squads and six flying squads to keep a tab on malpractices like copying. The administration will also keep a vigil on photocopying centres and cyber cafes in examination centres. The collector also directed deployment of additional police personnel at sensitive exam centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11970463", "title": "12-year-old rape victim pregnant", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: While most children of her age await school holidays, a 12-year-old girl from Sambalpur is preparing to become a mother. The seven-month pregnant child in Kuchinda area of the district conceived after allegedly being raped by a neighbour at knife point.State Commission for Women chairperson Jyoti Panigrahi, discussed the girl's rehabilitation with district authorities and said on Monday that the administration was told to ensure medical care, safe delivery and postpartum rehabilitation of the girl.\"Social security and rehabilitation of the girl is as important as punishment to the accused. Besides government help, we are trying to rope in NGOs to help her,\" Panigrahi said.Sources said the pregnancy came to light after the girl's grandmother noticed physical changes in her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11971103", "title": "Go back to the basics to avoid confusion", "text": "JAIPUR: Belonging to a family of doctors, it is hardly surprising that Siddharth Saxena aspires to be one. Nor does it sound weird when this class XII science student of St Xavier's Senior Secondary School says that scoring well in biology is absolutely vital for him.\"Biology is all about revision - again and again and again. It is fact-based and one tends to miss out on something or the other and hence, one has to keep revising the chapters again,'' said Siddharth. Modestly he admits that biology is not quite his favourite subject but over the years, he has come to like the subject. \"I love physics and that is nothing like biology. Once the concepts are clear, physics and chemistry are all about practice. However, for biology one has to keep going back to the basics and revise to avoid confusion and clear the facts,'' he says.Siddharth deliberately takes his time to study his chapters. \"During the time my friends complete a chapter, I manage to finish only a couple of pages. I read and re-read everything, in order to ensure that I do not miss out on anything,'' said Siddharth, who scored A1 in science in class X. He admits that due to reading slowly, he on several occasions, loses concentration and to avoid distraction, begins writing whatever he is revising. For Siddharth, the key to studying the subject is reading the chapters several times over.He prefers to study from the NCERT material and has charts of body and body systems in his room, which he frequently refers to. \"I develop and try to follow the sequence and reasoning, in order to ensure I remember everything correctly. I am not too good at drawings but by practicing regularly, I try to make them as clean, clear and readable as possible,'' he says. Siddharth loves the sections on genetics and bio-technology and what interests him the most is the nervous-system.Siddharth's parents, grand-parents, uncles and aunts are all doctors and his four cousins are studying medicine. While his father is a paediatrician, his mother is a gynaecologist. \"I hope to be a doctor and so does everybody in my family,'' says Siddharth, who goes out for walks in the park or prefers to listen to hip-hop during breaks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "11969629", "title": "Couple found dead on tracks in Nadia", "text": "NADIA: A couple was found dead on the railway tracks near Kalyani rail bridge, said the GRP. Of the two bodies found between Kanchrapara and Kalyani stations on Sealdah-Ranaghat section, one was that of a female.The bodies were sent for autopsy.Locals first noticed the bodies lying on the tracks and informed the GRP at Kanchrapara. The bodies were retrieved and sent to the GRP in Ranaghat. \"Both the bodies were sent for autopsy,\" GRP Ranaghat sources said.The male body was identified as Araj Seikh, 25, of Chandigram in Birbhum. He was a labourer and had come to work at Halisahar in North 24-Parganas a few days back.Araj's voter ID was found on him and the GRP informed his family. The family arrived at Ranaghat on Monday to receive the body.The girl is yet to be identified. \"I do not know the girl whose body was found with Araj's body,\" said his father Khebabat Seikh.\"The female is around 20 years.We suspect that the couple committed suicide because they faced problems regarding their affair,\" the GRP sources added. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11969058", "title": "'Adnan, Sabah still married'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Adnan Sami-Sabah Galadari divorce dispute drama is like them playing a game-now we are married, now we are not. A family court judge at Bandra said on Monday that they still are, as it held that a divorce certificate issued by Darul-Qaza, an Islamic body, invalid as it is contrary to the provisions of a codified 1939 law that governs dissolution of Muslim marriages.With this, the judge dealt Sami a blow and rejected his objections to the maintainability of a divorce petition filed in 2009 by Sabah and pending before the family court. The court's order is likely to have \"widespread ramifications on the resolution of disputes by a Kazi and parallel institutions under provisions of the Muslim law,\" said Sami's lawyer, Vibhav Krishna.Syed Noorie of Raza Academy questioned the family court order that renders illegal the certificates issued by Darul Qaza and similar institutions.Sami would have benefitted and the latter would have suffered if the divorce petition in the family court were to be held infructuous as argued by him. That's because a wife can file a domestic violence (DV) complaint in the family court where a divorce petition is filed. Sabah had filed a DV plea to protect her residence rights in their Andheri flats and got an order in her favour, which is being battled in appeal before the HC, as Sami lives there with his latest wife.This is the second time that the Pakistani singer's attempt to question Sabah's divorce plea has come to a naught. After their divorce in 2004, they remarried in April 2007. When Sabah filed for divorce in 2009 and demanded over Rs 5 crore, Sami sought to slide the second marriage in the \"null and void\" slot, as he said Sabah did not perform the mandatory 'halala' (marry another man, consummate it and divorce him) practice. The Bombay High Court saw no merit in it and upheld the 2007 marriage.In March 2011, Sabah who also approached Darul-Qaza with identical allegations of cruelty and alcoholism against Sami, as in her divorce plea, was given a faskh-e-nikah or \"abrogation of marriage\", said her lawyer Mrinalini Deshmukh. The resolution was published in a prominent Mumbai newspaper. In September 2011, Sami seized its importance and through his lawyer argued that since Sabah had obtained the certificate and he has not challenged it, the divorce is accepted as final under Islamic law and that the case before the family court no longer stands. The divorce she obtained is valid, he said.But Deshmukh said the certificate was \"not relevant\" in wake of the Dissolution of Muslim Marriage Act, 1939, that empowers a Muslim woman to seek divorce from a court. She said she had \"merely sought to strengthen the hands of the family court by placing additional documents from an independent body that supported her case, to show why a divorce should be granted by the court.\"She said since their 2007 marriage was registered at the sub-registrar's office, it needs to be dissolved by a civil court under the 1939 law.Sami applied for a stay of the order to enable him to challenge it. The family court will hear his plea on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mahoba/hamirpur", "code": "11969932", "title": "Parched Mahoba Awaits Growth", "text": "MAHOBA/HAMIRPUR: Raju, a labourer in Jhansi, is in a dilemma: whether he should go to his his native village Murhari in Mahoba on February 23 to cast vote and lose at least two days of wage, or stay back and forget about his vote.\"I have not thought about it yet,'' Raju said, looking confused. Raju is among thousands of youth who migrate out of their villages in Mahoba in search of jobs -- to support their families and repay the loans taken from local moneylenders after repeated droughts ravaged their crops and drove them to poverty.Murhari village, which has a sizeable population of dalits, presents a picture of abject poverty. The biggest challenge is not only livelihood but necessities like food and drinking water. Instances of malnourished children keep emerging from villages around Mahoba.Manoj Dixit, a local social worker, claims that over the years a dozen rivers in the district have either dried up or are on the verge of extinction. The harried villagers have often taken law in their hands. Dixit cited the example of 16-year-old Daya Shankar of Murhari village. The teenage boy reportedly hit a policeman with a bucket after the latter stopped him from taking water from a well. \"The case was lodged against the boy but since he was a minor he was let off ,'' he said.Water supply in Mahoba is maintained by a 900-year-old dam, Madan Sagar tank, which receives water from a feeder canal connected to Urmil dam on river Urmil. Due to deficit rainfall in Urmil catchment area, practically no supplies are available from dam. Ten tubewells were bored up to 150 ft. in the tank bed but even the tubewells have gone dry. Further deepening of tubewells is not feasible due to rocky bed underneath. Villagers give different versions for failure in supplies, but the fact is there has been no rainfall in Urmil catchment and thus the storage in the Urmil dam dried after 2003.Neighbouring Chandauli village has even a bitter picture to project. Forty-year-old Rani breaks down at the mention of her husband Pratipal Singh. ``He is no more,'' she says. Pratipal had taken a loan of Rs 50,000 from a local sahukaar. The amount went up to Rs one lakh within a year time following a high rate of interest, and he was in no position to pay back. One night Pratipal committed suicide by consuming a local dye. Pratipal's mother Roop Rani too fell ill and died. Villagers claim that she died of starvation. ``There was nothing in our house to eat,'' Rani, who works in a brick kiln, says. The story of Kapoori Devi is no different. Her husband Brijlal aka Tampole hung himself from a tree after he could not repay the loan.The shadow of drinking water crisis and lack of other basic civic amenities loom large over Bakshachani village in Sumerpur block of Hamirpur. Every morning, villagers carry empty canisters in bullock carts to a nearby river to ferry drinking water. A few others walk, many of them barefoot, to fetch water. Scores of handpumps in the village have been lying dysfunctional for years. A few handpumps that are functional gush out saline water which is unfit for drinking. Vivek Bhatnagar of Beriganj village said they have been petitioning the district administration but in vain.Devendra Gandhi, a social activist in the district, says many villages have not seen roads or electricity for nearly 40 years. He cites the example of Shankapur village which was electrified in 1984 but only on papers. \"They put up poles but forgot wires,'' he says. The case of Qutubpur village is more peculiar. Gandhi says some homes received electricity bills even though there was no power at all.But while the social scenario in Hamirpur and Mahoba is getting grimmer , politicians are leaving no stones unturned to make their prospects brighter. The two districts together had five assembly constituencies before delimitation - Hamirpur, Maudha and Rath in Hamirpur, and Charkhari and Mahoba in Mahoba. Of this, four - Maudha, Rath, Charkhari and Mahoba -- were won by BSP, while Hamirpur went to Samajwadi Party in 2007. Post-delimitation, Maudha constituency, from where BSP's Badshah Singh won, has been scrapped.Badshah Singh, who was expelled from the BSP on charges of land grabbing, has now moved out of Hamirpur, to contest from Mahoba constituency on BJP ticket. He is up against Congress's Arimardan Singh, SP's Siddhgopal Sahu and BSP'S Raj Narain. In 2007, the seat was won by Rakesh Kumar of BSP.An interesting contest brews up in Charkhari from where BJP's firebrand leader Uma Bharti is contesting. In 2007, the seat was won by BSP's Anil Kumar Ahirwar, who has been denied a ticket by the party this time and replaced by Chawdhari Dhooram. Samajwadi Party has placed its bet on Kaptan Singh while Congress has fielded Ram Jeevan.There is another interesting twist to Charkhari. SP's Ambesh Kumar who lost the seat to BSP by a slim margin to Ahirwar has been moved out and is now SP's candidate in Rath constituency of Hamirpur. Ashok Kumar Chandel of SP who won the Hamirpur assembly seat in 2007 is not in the fray this time. He has been replaced by Shiv Charan, who will battle it out with Fateh Mohammad of BSP, Keshav Babu of Congress and Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti of BJP.Impact of delimitationHamirpur, which had three assembly seats of Hamirpur, Maudah and Rath prior to delimitation, now has two seats of Hamirpur and Rath.Post delimitation, Rath has been reserved for scheduled castes, Maudah ceases to exist.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11969562", "title": "For first time, BSP reaching out to urban middle class", "text": "LUCKNOW: The central theme of the earlier ads by the Bahujan Samaj Party was 'sarvsamaj' - trying to convey that Mayawati rule's did justice to all.But midway through the polls which saw much higher turnouts compared to UP standards, and with the confidence level rising in the SP camp, BSP is not trying to focus on what Maya supposedly achieved during her tenure, but on what was wrong in Mulayam's regime and thus revive old memories of a law-and-order breakdown that helped her ride to power in UP with an absolute majority in 2007.The new ads point out that girls were not safe on the roads and on campuses during the previous regime when state universities had become a den of criminals under student leaders backed by SP. They are also reminders about the high rate of extortion, kidnapping and communal conflicts during Mulayam's rule.Also, for the first time, BSP is reaching out to the urban middle class, particularly women. While BSP leaders described it as a clever move by Behenji which will help her reach out to all sections of the society, political pundits said these were clear signs of a growing nervousness.\"I think Mayawati has taken a lesson from SP. The SP election campaign this time has been positive. Their leaders have not made any negative comment against any personality. They are trying to create hope among people that things can be changed in UP. SP has also targeted the urban youth. Mayawati has tried to get back by projecting that law and order in her tenure was better than during MSY's time,\" said Deepak Kabir, social activist.Political analyst Sudhir Panwar said so far Mayawati had been attacking Congress more than any other party. And that was because Congress was trying to make inroads into her dalit vote bank. \"As a result, the point of discussion was focused more around Congress, its minority appeasement policy and the scams under Congress-led UPA government. Now, Mayawati appears to be trying to bring SP into sharp focus. She also seems to have got an inkling that there is a strong anti-incumbency factor against her and that the real challenge to her is from SP. So, she is now targeting her arch-rival. The new ads show English speaking youth, students, executives and young Muslims in traditional attire. Clearly, it's a move to impress women, youth and Muslims, whose turnout was high in the first four phases of the assembly elections,\" he said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11970164", "title": "Vivek Express from Feb 25", "text": "MANGALORE: The inaugural special of Santragachi--Mangalore Vivek weekly Superfast express was flagged off on Sunday from Santragachi. The regular service of Train No. 22852 Mangalore Central -Santragachi Vivek weekly express will commence from February 25. The train will start from Mangalore on Saturdays at 10.45 pm and will reach Santragachi at 5.50 pm on Mondays.The regular service of Train No. 22851 Santragachi-Mangalore central Vivek weekly superfast express will begin on March 1 at 4.05 pm from Santragachi and will reach Mangalore at 9.45 am on Saturdays. The trains will have A/C 2 tier, A/C 3 tier, sleeper and general second class coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11971712", "title": "70-yr-old railway employee stabbed to death", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A 70-year-old retired roadways employee identified as RK Tiwari was found murdered at his residence in Sobatiabagh locality under Georgetown police station, here on Monday.Initial police investigations claimed that old man was stabbed to death by some unidentified persons and the motive behind the murder was yet to be ascertained.Station officer, Georgetown, Ravi Bhushan Srivastava told TOI that the case came to fore when the family members after return, found the old person lying dead on the floor. He added that the old man was attacked when he was alone at the house.SO further added that investigations are underway and police have been quizzing locals to get clues in the same regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11975017", "title": "'Hortus Malabaricus' themed do in Kochi", "text": "We all tend to share a keen interest in checking out different cultures. So when Renee Ridgway, a Dutch-American visual artist from Lebanon , put out video installations - The Wanted Land - on display, an eclectic mix of the city's known faces dropped by to check it out.The central theme - Hortus Malabaricus - showcased Dutch colonisation, migration, trade, bio patents and Ayurveda. At the do, we saw former mayor K J Sohan, head of political affairs and public diplomacy (Netherlands Embassy in New Delhi) Mariella van Miltenburg, architect Monolitha Chatterjee and entrepreneur Jose Dominic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11969046", "title": "Olympus MD found hanging in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: A Japanese national and managing director of Olympus Medical Systems committed suicide inside a children's park in a luxury high-rise apartment complex in Gurgaon's Sushant Lok on Monday.Tsutomi Omori, 49, was discovered hanging from the iron railings of a boundary wall inside a children's park in DLF The Icon apartment complex in Sector 43-Sushant Lok by a gardener at around 8.30am on Monday. Police have recovered two suicide notes written in Japanese. While one of them was meant for Omori's family the other note only said \"I am sorry for bothering you\" in Japanese.According to the police, Omori worked at Olympus Medical Systems at an office on MG Road and had been living alone on the 8th floor of C block in a company flat for the last two years.Omori's colleagues described him as a strong-willed person, who was unlikely to have taken such a drastic step.While residents of The Icon -- 70 per cent of whom are foreigners -- seemed shocked to hear about the incident police officials said it appeared that Omori had committed suicide on Sunday night. They added that security guards in the complex had remained unaware of the incident until a gardener spotted Omori's body on Monday morning.\"I went into the children's park in E-Block to trim some shrubs when I noticed a body hanging from the boundary wall. I immediately informed the security control room,\" said Ram Kumar, the gardener who discovered the body.The police soon arrived along with employees of Olympus who helped to translate the suicide notes which were written in Japanese.\"We have informed the Japanese embassy about the incident. The victim's body has been sent for a postmortem,\" said Maheshwar Dyal, DCP (East).Last September another Japanese national commited suicide in Gurgaon. Kishi Takahiro, 27,was found hanging from the ceiling of his apartment in Beverly Park, which he shared with two colleagues, on September 19, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11970181", "title": "Senior officials fleeing West Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: IPS officer Damayanti Sen, who cracked the Park Street rape case, has applied for central government deputation, once again highlighting the fact that senior officials are opting out of the state.The state is so short of senior bureaucrats that it has become difficult for the government to appoint the next chief secretary, once Samar Ghosh retires. The CM had offered an extension to Ghosh, but he refused. Jaya Dasgupta and Anup Chanda were possible candidates. But with Dasgupta embroiled in a controversy and Chanda not keeping well, it is now possible that home secretary G D Gautama, who does not enjoy a particularly great rapport with the CM, may become the next chief secretary.The state government has said that it cannot release any senior officer because of the acute shortfall of IAS and IPS officers, but that has not prevented officers from applyig for central government deputations. Many on deputation are not keen on coming back. Those brought back prematurely remain \"disillusioned\".Officials privately blame the CM's way of functioning for the state of affairs. On several occasions, she had snubbed senior officers, which has not gone down well with the bureaucracy. Also officers now seem keen on relatively insignificant posts rather than being \"in the eye of the storm\" in key posts.Recently, CM allowed environment secretary R P S Kahlon to apply for the post of Coal India chairman. But power secretary Malay De's request to take up the post of jute commissioner was turned down. It is not a very coveted post and since De is a very senior officer, it was surprising that he would be even keen on it.Also, seven senior IAS officers had expressed keenness to join as director, Administrative Training Institute (ATI). Now, it is being held by Dipankar Mukhopadhyay, a former industries secretary, who is said to have been under a lot of pressure during his brief stint after Mamata came to power. The IAS officers' shortage is severe as out of 220 officers in the Bengal cadre, nearly 30 are on deputation. The quota of the number of IAS officers, who can go on deputation, is about 60 officers, but even as the number is half of that, many have to take additional charge of departments.The crisis is the same with IPS cadre. The number of officers in Bengal cadre is 230 - with 159 IPS recruits and another 71 promotees. Out of them, 34 officers are on deputations.The gap was created when the Centre fixed the number of IPS and IAS recruits in 1990s for five consecutive years. This created a huge shortfall, new districts and posts were created while the intake remained stagnant.However, in West Bengal possibly the pangs are the most because despite the declared government policy, officers continue to apply for deputation, which does not indicate huge enthusiasm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11971962", "title": "Red-hit states to meet tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: With red terror continuing in different parts of the country, the home ministry has convened a meeting of top police and civil officers of the Maoist-affected states on Wednesday to take stock of anti-Maoist operations and fine tune the strategy.Chief secretaries and directors general of police of Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand , Bihar , Orissa, West Bengal , Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh will take part in the meeting that will have in-depth deliberations on the security situation in the Maoist belt.Official sources said the top officials would fine-tune the issue of coordination among state police and central police forces and firm up a strategy on how to go after the Maoists who often flee from one state to another after committing a crime.The killing of four BSF personnel in Odisha's Malkangiri last week is expected to figure in the meeting as such incidents keep happening despite the home ministry suggesting security personnel to take maximum precautions while travelling in the Maoist-dominated areas.The meeting will also review the development programmes being carried out in Maoist-affected districts and ways to speed them up to reach the maximum number of people. ptiMaoist violence has been reported in areas falling under 270 police stations in 64 districts in eight states. The level of violence in left-wing extremism-affected states is still unacceptably high with 447 civilians and 142 security personnel killed in 2011. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11968285", "title": "\u2018Women falling in black magic traps\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Raising concerns over the rise in the number of Muslim women banking on witchcraft for various gains, a seminar held on Monday noted that these gullible women were relying on unlawful services only to be left losers in the end, having coughed up precious money and time in vain.Speaking at a seminar on 'Reality of witchcraft and its precaution' organised in the Old City on Monday, members of the Muslim Women Intellectual Forum (MWIF) said that these hundreds of practitioners of black magic, also known as 'Aamils,' make tall claims of solving any problem with 'divine' intervention but in reality take people for a ride. The seminar meant exclusively for women attracted hundreds of participants, including those who were cheated by the babas.Sameena Tahseen, president of MWIF, said that magic may exist, but is not allowed in Islam because it interferes with faith in God. However, of late many Muslim women are getting distanced from the focus of Islam. Tahseen said that due to financial insecurities and social factors, many ignorant women are increasingly resorting to unlawful means such as black magic to get what they want at any cost. Be it illnesses, marital discord, infertility woes to difficulty in convincing a girl/boy for marriage, they are relying on these service and losing their money and confidence in return.Scholar Maulana Shaifq Alam Khan noted, \"If someone falls sick in the house or there is a marital discord, women automatically attribute it to a satanic spell on the house.\"The speakers said that apart from several areas in the Old City including Talaab Katta, Kala Pather, Nawab Sahab Kunta, Vattepally and Chandrayangutta, the babas are also operating in other parts of the twin cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11968932", "title": "Lent begins tomorrow", "text": "MUMBAI: Christians in the city will observe Ash Wednesday on February 22, marking the beginning of Lent, a season for fasting and penance.Fr Anthony Charanghat, spokesperson for the Catholic Archbishop of Mumbai, said that Lent prepares Christians for the passion and death of Christ on Good Friday through prayer and penance.Ash Wednesday is 46 days before Easter and derives its name from the practice of smearing of ash on the foreheads of Christians at Church services as a sign of mourning and repentance before God. The day before Ash Wednesday is known as Shrove Tuesday or Pancake Tuesday, as there was a tradition of making pancakes to be eaten before the fasting.According to the gospels, Jesus spent 40 days fasting in the desert before the beginning of his public ministry, during which he endured the temptation of Satan. Lent marks this phase in his life.Several churches have prepared special calendars for the season leading up to Easter Sunday on April 8. The calendar prepared by St Peter's Church in Bandra (W) lists, among others, days to pray for forgiveness, days for thanksgiving for parents, days for letting go of enmity and days to help your neighbour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11970151", "title": "Devotees throng Shiva temples", "text": "PATNA: Thousands of devotees on Monday morning thronged Shiva temples across the city to celebrate Maha Shivaratri with traditional enthusiasm and gaiety.Devotees were seen standing in long queues at several Shiva temples, including at Boring Road, Khajpura, Nala Road, Kadamkuan and Kidwaipuri. The faithful, a large number of them being girls, performed puja to seek divine blessings.Many of them observed fast on the auspicious occasion. The devotees also performed 'Shiva Aarti' at different temples. This year is considered special because after more than a decade, this festival falls on Monday, a special day for Lord Shiva.\"The number of devotees has increased significantly this year,\" said Pandit Prem Kumar Dwivedi of the Shiva temple at Boring Road.Nine-year-old Gaurav Kumar, who was observing fast for the first time, said, \"All my family members observe fast\", he told TOI.Items of puja offerings like milk, honey, curd, holy water, 'belpatra', flowers, fruits and coconut registered a huge sale on Monday.More than 800 children participated in a road show of the tableau of Lord Shiva and goddess Parvati organized by 'Humein Bhi Padhao', an NGO, at Kadamkuan. Starting from Basudham in Kadamkuan, the road show concluded at Panch-Shiva temple (Kankarbagh). The NGO founder, Acharya Sudarshanji Maharaj, led the procession.Students of Tender Hearts International also celebrated Maha Shivaratri on the school campus on Monday. They also participated in a fancy dress competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "11971014", "title": "Worried over exams, 3 class X students board train, get caught", "text": "AMBALA: Three boys from New Delhi, apparently worried about poor performance in class X annual exams, had boarded the Jammu-bound Sampark Kranti Express on Saturday and were caught travelling without tickets at the railway station here later. Govt Railway Police (GRP) on Sunday handed over them to their parents.Students of Govt Bal Vidya School, Delhi, Anil Kumar , Sidharth and Sonu, were caught by railway ticket checkers in the train. The three were in school uniform and started crying after seeing the railway staffers.\"As they started crying, the staff on duty handed them over to Railway Protection Force (RPF) staff on the train. The boys alighted at Ambala and were handed over to us. During questioning, they admitted to have left home for fear of getting scolded by parents over studies,'' an assistant sub inspector (ASI) of RPF at Ambala police station said.\"We immediately called the parents after collecting contact numbers from the boys and handed over the boys to them later,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11965256", "title": "Idiots like me imitate Dilip Kumar: Shah Rukh Khan", "text": "Actor Shah Rukh Khan seemed to be upbeat when we interacted with him at the launch of the Devdas book only recently.Shah Rukh Khan, whose Don 2 released in December 2011, is often compared to stalwarts who worked in the originals. Shah Rukh Khan has acted in Devdas' remake and also in the Don remake. When he came to launch the dialogue book of Devdas, he was asked to imitate Amitabh Bachchan and deliver a dialogue from Don 2 the way Big B would have.And the next request was that Shah Rukh deliver a dialogue from Devdas the way Dilip Kumar (who acted in the original Devdas) would've. While Shah Rukh began with his clarification, \"Amitji is a legend and he is our inspiration. His work was far and way better than ours. What we tried to do was simply attempt.\" Shah Rukh then went on to imitate Amitabh.When he was asked to imitate Dilip Kumar, after much coaxing, he said in typical Dilip Kumar style, \"Kisi bhi kambakhat ki yeh himmat nahin hoti ki Dilip saab ko copy karein, aur jo bhi copy karte hain woh Idiots hote hain, mere jaise...\" (Nobody has the guts to imitate Dilip saab, and whoever does they are idiots, like me!)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11970440", "title": "After Madhuri's, dentists dish up Priyanka Chopra's smile", "text": "BANGALORE: Madhuri Dixit's smile, which stole millions of hearts in the 1990s, may no longer be a hit. Priyanka Chopra pearlies are in-her smile, that shows only teeth and not the gums, is all the rage. And orthodontists in the city are regularly doing a Priyanka on young and to-be married girls.Women , mostly in the marriageable age bracket, are visiting clinics to design their smiles before they start meeting prospective grooms, and sometimes, before attending important social functions. Dentists in the city get 200-300 cases every year, where people-mostly women-prefer to undergo one or the other kind of cosmetic dental surgery. Says Dr Shraddha Bahirwani, aesthetic dentist, Manipal Hospital: \"Girls, especially those of marriageable age, aspiring models and air-hostesses are conscious about their smile. They want it to be perfect, and aesthetic dentistry provides them an option to 'design' their smile according to their face.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11971645", "title": "Broker's murder: Two groups involved in forgery of land papers", "text": "SURAT: Investigation into forgery of documents case for the controversial land plots in Gaviyar revealed that two different groups are involved in making fake papers and impersonating the actual owners.Documents of land at Gaviyar survey number 162 and 292 were forged by different groups from those involved in the similar fraud in Magdalla land survey number 89. However, the key conspirators are same in both cases, police said. The entire forgery was planned by Dr Ashok Panchani and Vinu Kathrotiya, who are also accused in forgery of documents in land at Magdalla survey number 89.During the investigation crime branch sleuths found that on directions of Panchani and Kathrotiya, group of Anil Dayal, Ojas Mehta, Viraj Natali and Sanjeev Dalal executed the forgeries in two lands with survey number 162 and 292 of Gaviyar. The group took help of staff at stamp and registration department including sub- registrar, CT Patel, and computer operators, Ankur Desai and Chetan Patel.The group produced Shiv Shankar Gorane to impersonate Pravin Kapasiyawala, the land owner and Harish Gilitwala, as Kapasiyawala's son Amit. The fake Kapasiyawalas were produced as actual owner in the stamp and registration department to register a sale dead. The lands were sold to Rutesh Bhatt and Sanjay Kathrotiya. Police are yet to arrest sub-registrar C T Patel along with Bhatt and Sanjay Kathrotiya, who bought land on fake papers.\"The fake father-son duo Gorane and Gilitwala are from Surat. They posed as Kapasiyawala in forgery of land survey number 162 and 292 of Gaviyar. While the fake Pravin Kapasiyawala in survey number 89 of Magdalla was brought to the city from Ahmedabad. In Gaviyar and Magdalla cases, the group which has carried out forgery is so far different but the investigation is on and more details will be known soon,\" said N P Gohil, police inspector, crime branch.Police informed that the forgery was carried out boldly as the fake Kapasiyawalas have remained present with fake identity proofs and also got their photographs clicked on computer camera. The accused did not hesitate or got caught even when such advanced technology was used to prevent frauds, said police.The smooth registration of fake documents revealed the involvement of employees of property stamp and registration office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11969589", "title": "Innovate to teach tribal culture to urban children: Filmmaker", "text": "PUNE: Documentary filmmaker Krishnendu Bose on Monday said that the concept of conservation through community and children's participation can be far more effective if efforts were made to preserve tribal culture and heritage.Addressing a news conference, Bose, who was conferred the 'Vasundhara Mitra' award at the Vasundhara International Film Festival, on Monday, said, \"Entire knowledge banks on the tribal way of life are being gradually wiped out due to ineffective policies and an unsuitable pedagogic approach that force an urban perspective on tribal issues.\"Bose has made award-winning documentaries like 'Tiger - The Death Chronicles' - on the crisis of tiger deaths - 'Harvesting Hunger'- a film on the politics of food in India - and 'Jardhar Diary' - on community conservation in a village in Garhwal Himalayas - among others. All these films have been the result of a partnership with communities and tribals in different parts of the country. \"We are using some participatory tools for school children and helping them learn and make short films on different environmental issues. We began a non-profit trust, ECO Trust, under which such a pilot project was implemented with 200 underprivileged school children in Delhi last year. They made 10 short films of one or two minutes each, on different themes like water and trees, chosen and scripted by them. It was an effective experiment because the films were entirely from the children's perspective,\" Bose said.The next such project will be done at a tribal school, Adharsheela, in Madhya Pradesh, later this year. \"My focus has entirely shifted to involving children in the film-making process and to let them bring about their self-awareness into the films they will be making.\"He feels innovative teaching techniques are needed to educate children on tribal people and environment. \"Making a subject like environmental science compulsory in schools is a great beginning, but the teaching approach to this subject has been wrong because here experiential learning is largely missing. The same approach is being applied in schools for tribals too. An urbanisation of education is happening.\"For the last 30 years, he has been making socially relevant films to get important messages out to the larger world with the hope of initiating some sort of change. The tribal communities remain close to his heart. \"Sadly, all these years, we have not been able to give value to tribal identity, or preserve the whole tribal information and knowledge system as well as culture. Demarcations between tribals and urbanites are blurring because markets are encroaching upon tribal societies. Besides, the tribals too want to reside in cities. There's nothing wrong in that. But the tribals have been pushed to homogenise themselves with urban society. We have also been telling the government to rehabilitate them, because they are supposedly \"primitive.\" So the tribal people are made to feel they are inferior,\" Bose said.Lack of unity among experts on wildlife and tribals is another issue. \"These experts can never come together and work smoothly because they haven't recognised the connection between tigers and tribals. Even the existing legislation for tribals, though with good motives, has been politically hijacked. Sadly, middle-class urban sensibilities are also being used to understand tribal way of life,\" he said.But tribal empowerment is apparent. \"The Panchayati Raj system decentralised power. Field-level planning system has brought about considerable empowerment among tribals. But if the tribal way of life goes extinct, our nation as a whole, will suffer. Understanding them from the level of equality is needed,\" he said.Bose visits schools in Delhi to conduct awareness and sensitisation programmes on environment and tribals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ishrar nagar", "code": "11971333", "title": "A book to promote child literature in Punjabi", "text": "ISHRAR NAGAR: Balwinder Singh, a resident of Ishar Nagar, based on years of his teaching experience has released his first book \" Akharmala\", which is especially meant for children. He used to teach primary section students in a school and did that for a long time. All along this time, he understood the psychology of children and made up his mind that he would write for this section with the objective to make them aware of the literature.Balwinder feels there is a need to promote child literature in Punjabi so that they could create awareness among children. He said his work is quite different from others, as he has written poems on every alphabet of Gurmukhi script so that children can learn Gurmukhi alphabets easily.In 2011, Balwinder started working on this book and took suggestions from renowned Punjabi writer, which was a great learning experience for him. Serving in a government school, Balwinder has used his experience as a teacher to record different aspects of a child's growth in his debut book. He said with the passage of time, there has been a change in the behaviour of children, which he has recorded in his book.A postgraduate in three subjects and doctorate in Punjabi, Balwinder said children's literature is not very developed in the state and there is a need to flourish this concept further for the betterment of children. He said children have a different perception of this world but there are very few people who write about their emotions and feelings.In future, he plans to do more innovative things for children. He said literature develops the mental ability of children. Through it, kids become a part of mainstream. He also feels that along with children's literature, he should write short stories and Punjabi songs, some of which have been sung by Punjabi singers. He said he spares a lot of time to read Punjabi literature to groom his skills.President of Punjabi Sahit Akademi, Gurbhajan Singh Gill said he also believes that there is a need to promote children's literature in Punjabi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11969614", "title": "Sutarwadi residents still afraid", "text": "PUNE: \"The Constitution has given us the right to vote. But, Sunday's incident clearly showed that we cannot vote as per our wishes. We are living in fear,\" said Sumit Ranpise, one of the victims of Sunday night's riot at Sutarwadi.The local leader Aba Sutar has worked for the Nationalist Congress Party. \"But, when he did not get the party ticket for the civic election, he pitched for an independent candidate and was forcing us to support that candidate,\" Ranpise said.After the election results were declared, there was tension in the area, which turned into violence on Sunday. Supporters of Aba Sutar went on a rampage for around two hours, damaging houses and vehicles and thrashing men and women. The local residents, especially the supporters of newly-elected corporator Rohini Chimate, had a sleepless night on Sunday. Till Monday afternoon, none of them had eaten either.\"What is wrong if we support a particular candidate in the election? Why these people ransacked my house?\" asked 65-year-old Shakuntala Sutar.The miscreants threw big stones at the windows of Shakuntala's house. \"My one-year-old grandson was sleeping next to the window. Pieces of glass fell on him. Though he escaped unhurt, he is still frightened,\" Shakuntala Sutar said.The attackers then broke the front door of the house and started thrashing her daughter-in-law and herself, Shakuntala said. \"To escape from the attack, we locked ourselves in a room. Taking advantage of the situation, they looted cash and gold from the house.\"Dattatreya Ranpise, who had worked for Rohini Chimate, fled from the scene when the miscreants pelted stones on his door and even inside. \"My wife Asha sustained injuries as a piece of broken glass pierce her leg,\" Dattatreya said.Asha Ranpise said that the attackers had snatched her gold chain. \"The police should take stringent action against them,\" she added.Laxmi Kokate, who was also assaulted, said that the attackers threw big stones and broke her door. \"They were asking about my son, who was not in the house. When I started resisting them they thrashed me and my daughter.\"Shubhangi Ranpise said that when the attackers started pelting stones at their house they ran away. \"Some of us hid in the toilet. Others took shelter at some other place. The attackers also cut the electricity. We were sitting in the dark for an hour. We came out only after the police came.\"Corporator Vinayak Nimhan of the Congress party, who visited the spot, told reporters: \"It is because of such people that politics is seen in bad light. The police should take stringent action against the persons who are responsible for this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11970670", "title": "Opposition to take up poll 'money splurge' in House", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The severe defeat notwithstanding, both the opposition Congress and BJP want to take up the panchayat elections at the Assembly session beginning on Tuesday. \"The outcome in an election is not an issue. Everyone knows only one party wins in any election. But what is important is how the victory is achieved. We will raise this issue in the Assembly,\" leader of opposition Bhupinder Singh said.\"The way BJD distributed money to grab votes and used the official machinery to cloak its wrong-doings is unprecedented. We are worried because if this becomes the trend in elections then democracy could become a farce,\" said Singh.\"The spirit behind keeping political parties out of the panchayat election ambit was to check the flow of money at the grassroots level during elections. But the BJD completely marred the atmosphere,\" he said.The alleged gangrape-cum-murder attempt on the dalit girl in Pipili and the liquor tragedy will also be taken up in the House, he said.Corroborating, BJP vice-president Ashok Sahu said, \"This was the most expensive panchayat election Odisha had ever seen. The worst violence took place in Ganjam district from where chief minister Naveen Patnaik has been elected to the Assembly. At least 10 persons were killed in Ganjam. Apart from this, there were countless incidents of group clashes, snatching of ballot papers and poll materials and attack on rival candidates.\"Sahu estimated a minimum Rs 500 crore was spent in the panchayat elections by candidates. \"Our party MLAs will take up the matter in the Assembly. We also see the liquor tragedy, in which 36 people died, linked to the panchayat elections. Vendors were asked to distribute illegally distilled liquor to prospective voters resulting in their deaths,\" he pointed out.The BJD, however, refuted the charges. \"When it comes to money power, the BJD cannot dare to match the Congress. The opposition paid the price for resorting to negative campaign against Naveen Patnaik,\" said senior party leader and Rajya Sabha MP Pyari Mohan Mohapatra.He said incidents like the liquor tragedy and the alleged gangrape at Pipili had a \"marginal impact\" on the people. Both the Congress and BJP MLAs are scheduled to meet on Tuesday morning to chalk out their strategies, while the BJD had its pre-Assembly session meeting here on Monday. Apparently emboldened by the panchayat election outcome (results will be officially announced on Tuesday, Wednesday), party MLAs at the meet sought hike in MLALAD fund from Rs 1 crore to Rs 2 crore. Panchayatiraj minister Raghunath Mohanty said beside the budget for 2012-13 fiscal, seven Bills will be presented during the 29-day session starting from Tuesday. It is scheduled to end on April 7 with an interval from March 1 to March 13. The budget will be presented on February 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "hathras", "code": "11969603", "title": "Cong is responsible for Muslim community\u2019s backwardness: Maya", "text": "HATHRAS: BSP supremo and UP chief minister Mayawati while slamming the Congress party for its conspiracy of providing reservation to the Muslims by out of the backward reservation quota said that Congress itself is responsible for the backwardness of the Muslim community. \"After the country's independence, the Congress, which remained in power for more than four decades, did not formulate policies and programmes for the betterment of the Muslims. Now, at the time of election, they are being befooled in the name of giving them 9% reservation,\" alleged Mayawati.Muslims know very well that Congress is again using them as vote bank, she added. Addressing an election meeting on Monday, the BSP chief also charged the Congress, BJP and their allies of hatching a conspiracy to infringe upon the constitutional rights of the dalits by ending the provision of reservation given to the SC/ST categories by the Constitution. The BSP will never allow these parties to succeed in their designs under any circumstances, she warned.Reminding the people about the `jungle raj' of the Samajwadi Party (SP) government in UP, Mayawati cautioned the people to remain alert while casting their votes because if SP came to power, the goondas and mafias would raise their heads again.The BSP government, she said, had dealt the SP goons with an iron hand and put the anti-social elements in jail. She also asked the people to ensure the defeat of the BJP candidates in the assembly election because if it came to power, it would implement its communal and fascist agenda and minorities, particularly Muslims would suffer the most.Attacking the Congress on the issue of corruption Mayawati said that 62 scams of Rs 20 lakh crore took place in the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre. She asked why the party was not uttering a single word on graft and price-rise in its regime. Enumerating the achievements of the BSP government, Mayawati said that the opposition parties were making hue and cry over the law and order situation in UP but the fact is that the law and order is far better in UP in comparison to the states ruled by the Congress and the BJP.\"The BSP has given the best government to the 'sarva samaj', it improved the power situation in the state, increased the cane prices from Rs 125 per quintal to Rs 250 per quintal and formulated schemes for the all-round development of villages and cities\".She has appealed to the people not to get misled by the opposition parties' propaganda and ensure victory of the BSP candidates with a thumping majority in the light of the works done by the government.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mayem", "code": "11968893", "title": "Alliance + split in Cong-NCP votes = BJP win?", "text": "MAYEM: Mayem constituency has five candidates in the fray , but analysts say it's a three-corner fight just like in 2007, but with a wiser BJP having an ever-so-slight edge.Just as it did five years ago, the saffron party has fielded Anant Shet, this time around its sitting MLA. But unlike the last assembly poll, it has made sure it's in an alliance with the MGP.Shet had won the last polls by a mere 480-vote margin with MGP's Milind Pilgaonkar coming in a very decent third.Then runner-up, Pravin Zantye, is contesting this time around too. But as the seat has gone to the NCP in the Congress-NCP tie-up, the former Congressman is contesting as an independent.While this move is expected to split the Congress votes in the constituency, MGP's votes are expected to head BJP's way, say political observers.The NCP has a few plans up its sleeve. It appears to have capitalized on the delimitation exercise that has brought the village panchayat of Chorao-Maddel, and with it 4,700 electorate, into the constituency by fielding Rudresh Chodankar.Though he is considered an \"outsider\" by many in the constituency, the deputy mayor of the state capital city, Panaji , is expecting to bag the votes of his \"relatives\" in the village (Chorao is called Chodan in Konkani, with many from the village sharing Rudresh's surname).He is also hoping to bag the votes of Cumbharjua's Congress sitting MLA Pandurang Madkaikar for whom the panchayat, removed from his own constituency, is a stronghold.But the \"Pravin factor\" cannot be ruled out. The businessman-politician is hoping to repeat his father Harish Zantye's feat of winning as an independent in the MGP-BJP bastion.Zantye senior had defeated MGP's Shashikala Kakodkar, Goa's first chief minister Dayanand Bandodkar's daughter and the state's first and only woman CM, in 1980.Despite contesting as an independent, Pravin has retained the party's grassroots workers which is expected to hurt Chodankar's chances.The Congress, incidentally, had managed to stem the rebellion of Roy Naik , home minister and Congress' Ponda MLA Ravi Naik's son. Roy withdrew his nomination as an independent on the last day of withdrawals.Interestingly, sources say that when the elections were announced the BJP was reluctant to give the Mayem ticket to Shet worrying about the anti-incumbency factor. The split in the Congress vote bank changed its mind.Shet told TOI that even though he was in the opposition he has worked hard for the development of the constituency and the people of Mayem constituency known this.\"Even if the Evacuee Property issue has not been solved in the last five years, people of Mayem have seen me raising the issue at various forums and they have realized that only the BJP can solve the issue,\" said Shet. (Many residents of Mayem have a land ownership problem as the same rests with the custodian of evacuee property).Shet said he has prepared a masterplan for Mayem which will help him retain his seat.Pravin, on the other hand, is sure people will elect him \"because of my work for more than four years and because of my father's work in Mayem\".\"As an independent candidate my vision is pro-development, I would like to generate thousands of jobs. I will go with the people to solve the Evacuee Property issue and I will take up the issue of the Chorao-Ribandar bridge after consulting the people of Chorao,\" he said.Chodankar, who is also relying on the pull of one of his political mentors, health minister and Valpoi MLA Vishwajit Rane, in the Karapur-Sarvan village panchayat area of Mayem constituency, said, \"There has been zero development in Mayem constituency. As I have so many relatives in Mayem I don't want my relatives and people of Mayem to suffer.\"He added, \"I am also contesting because Chorao has been added to Mayem and I don't want Chorao to suffer like Mayem has for the last five years. I will undertake overall development in the constituency which is why people should elect me.\"Mayem constituency has 25,079 voters including 12,577 males and 12,502 females. It comprises seven village panchayts, including Mayem-Vainguinim, Chorao-Maddel, Ona-Maulinguem-Curchirem, Naroa, Sirigao, Pilgao and Karapur-Sarvan.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "rajahmundry", "code": "11968508", "title": "Gang of 3 busted, fake currency seized", "text": "RAJAHMUNDRY: Police on Monday busted a gang of three for its alleged involvement in the circulation of fake Indian currency.The cops recovered Rs 6 lakh in fake currency notes from the accused, all of whom hail from Malda district of West Bengal . They had reportedly procured the fake notes from Pakistan.Acting on a tip-off, a team from Bommuru, headed by east zone DSP R Satyanandam, nabbed the gang members at the East railway station.The arrested have been identified as Sadar Ali, Mujbul Sheik and Hyder Ali. They had entered into an agreement with some people in Rajahmundry to exchange Rs 1 lakh in fake currency for Rs 40,000 in genuine notes.Even bank officials were taken aback by the fake notes, some of which has already exchanged hands, for their likeness to the authentic ones.Bank officials conducted micro tests before confirming that the notes were fake. The currency seized from the trio is in denominations of Rs 1,000 and Rs 500. Four months back, police in Hyderabad had busted a six-member fake currency note gang that, too, hailed from Malda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11971795", "title": "Koda probe report in HC next week", "text": "RANCHI: Three investigating agencies - the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), income tax (I-T) and enforcement directorate (ED) - will submit the progress report in the multi-crore scam related to former chief minister Madhu Koda in the Jharkhand high court on February 29.Sources in the CBI said they were preparing the report on the status of investigation in the multi-crore scam of Koda and his associates. The former chief minister has been accused of amassing around Rs 3,300 crore by misusing his office between 2006 and 2008.A senior officer of the CBI said they had made substantial progress in the case and submitted a 200-page report a couple of days back to the UAE government to extradite Sanjay Chaudhary, a close associate of Koda. Chaudhary was arrested by the Interpol last year in Dubai .\"According to extradition agreement with the UAE, the language of extradition is English. A detailed report was submitted in English soon after the arrest of Chaudhary in Dubai. On the request of the UAE government, we submitted the report in Arabic so that the court which is hearing the case of extradition does not find any difficulty in understanding the evidence against Chaudhary,\" said the officer.The extradition of Chaudhary is important not only for the CBI but also for the ED and the I-T departments because he is the person who managed the foreign investments of Koda and his close aides.An I-T officer said according to the present assessment the total worth of assets of Koda and his aides was around Rs 3,300 crore but it is likely to increase as they still don't have exact details of Chaudhary's assets.\"We expect that the local court will soon give permission for extradition as evidences submitted to the UAE government has all details of misappropriation of funds and violation of the Foreign Exchange Management Act,\" said the CBI officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11970205", "title": "Opposition to train guns on Nitish government", "text": "PATNA: The second budget session of the state legislature during the second term of the Nitish-led government would begin on Tuesday with the address of governor Devanand Konwar to its joint session to be held in the state assembly.The opposition, refusing to be overawed by either the massive presence of the treasury bench in the state legislature or the hype and glitz created by the just-concluded 'Global Summit on Changing Bihar', or even by the improving financial health of the state in terms of increased revenue collection, has decided to attack the government for what it perceives as the government's acts of omission and commission.After the governor's address, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi would present the state's Economic Survey on the following day, and then the state's budget for the next fiscal year on February 24. Last year, Modi had presented a budget of Rs 65,525 crore, including Rs 24,000 crore under the plan head, for 2011-12.While the Economic Survey would put the state's economy in perspective, it could also be a pointer to a few dramatic announcements in the budget related to additional resource mobilization measures to meet the cost of new schemes.Incidentally, it would be Modi's seventh successive full budget. He has persistently referred to singular hallmarks of the budgetary exercise: presentation of full budget, Economic Survey, gender budget, outcome budget, sustained increase in revenue collection to meet the state share of costs of central schemes and finance the state's own schemes, and adherence to fiscal responsibility.That apart, the government has already shifted its attention to strengthening the agriculture economy, and accordingly, has planned general discussion on the state's Agriculture Road Map in the House on February 27 and 28.However, an 'unimpressed' leader of opposition in the state assembly, Abdul Bari Siddiqui, demanded a White Paper on public expenditure incurred on organizing summits, or that incurred on foreign tour to lure NRI investors. \"It is true we are weak in terms of numbers in the House. But we will make use of every opportunity to put across our points of view,\" said Siddiqui, adding: \"We have a plethora of issues to raise in the Houses.\"Parliamentary affairs minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav just said, \"Opposition will do its work, and government is duty bound to do its own job. The government will give appropriate replies to all their questions and queries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11970418", "title": "UP polls: Candidates intensify campaigning in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Candidates campaigned extensively in the city on Monday as the polling date (February 23) is drawing closer with each passing day. In the fifth phase polling, 223 candidates are contesting in 10 assembly seats of Kanpur Nagar. For the campaigning, the candidates have only one day left.Congress and BJP are using their national leaders, celluloid stars to woo the voters. And for the Congress, prime minister Manmohan Singh, Rahul Gandhi, Digvijay Singh, Raj Babbar and Union minister Sriprakash Jaiswal are campaigning in the district.One Congress candidate went a step ahead as he called cricket idol Sachin's duplicate and some cine stars and comedian Raju Srivastava for wooing the voters of Kidwai Nagar assembly area. Raju convened various meetings in Kidwai Nagar and flayed rival candidates by his sharp barbs. BJP brought Sushma Swaraj, Arun Jaitley, Lal Krishna Advani, Rajnath Singh, Nitin Gadkari, Smriti Irani and Shatrughan Sinha to campaign for their candidates. Samajwadi Party (SP) is banking heavily on its chief Mulayam Singh and his son Akhilesh Yadav, while BSP is relying on Mayawati and Satish Chandra Mishra. Candidates are also meeting voters personally and urging them to support them.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "11971002", "title": "Farmer kills wife, 5 daughters in Chhattisgarh", "text": "RAIPUR: A farmer has been arrested for allegedly killing his wife and five daughters in Chhattisgarh's Balod district, police said on Monday.The incident occurred on Sunday night at Mohdipat village when the accused Dhal Singh Devangan, 36, attacked his wife Thaneshwari Devi, 30, with a sharp weapon. Dhal Singh suspected his wife's character.He also killed his five daughters namely Nisha, 15, Lakshmi, 12, Santi, 10, Nandini, 7, and Sandhya, 3, in a fit of rage, the police said. \"Dhal Singh had a fight with his wife at his residence last night following which he attacked his wife and his daughters with a sharp weapon and killed them,\" a police officer said.After learning about the incident, Singh's mother informed others who in turn alerted the police following which he was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11970323", "title": "Ex-corporator in ICU after attack by rival's supporters", "text": "NASHIK: The Ambad police have arrested three persons on charges of attacking former corporator and Shiv Sena rebel in the recently held NMC polls Dileep Datir with sharp weapons on Sunday night. Late on Sunday night, Datir, who had lost in the civic elections, was thanking voters at Khutwad Nagar for supporting him in the election. When the former corporator was near Mayur Hospital, supporters of Nivrutti Datir who was also in the poll fray, caught Dileep and started an argument with him.Dileep was denied a ticket by the Shiv Sena from ward 49 and the ticket was given to Nivrutti. Subsequently, Dileep contested the election as an Independent candidate, but lost. Nivrutti also lost the election due to division of votes in the ward. The supporters who got into an arugment with Dileep told him that had he not contested the election as an Independent candidate, Nivrutti's victory was certain. CPM candidate Tanaji Jaybhave has won in the ward.The argument between Dileep and Nivrutti's supporters got physical and nearly 10 to 12 of the supporters attacked him with sharp weapons. The Ambad police have arrested Nivrutti, Deepak and Namdev Datir. Ever since the results have been out, the city has witnessed many instances of violence with candidates and supporters accusing and beating up one another.Meanwhile, Dileep's supporters have taken names of Kiran Chaudhary, Suresh Datir and Balu Phadole.A relative of Dileep's on Monday evening said that he was still in a critical condition and was in the intensive care unit of Siddhi Vinayak Hospital.The relative said Dileep had suffered severe injuries on the back of his head and left hand and his leg was also fractured. Four-five persons present with him at the spot also received minor injuries.It needs to be noted that Dileep Datir had spearheaded the campaign for removing the scrap market on the Ambad-Satpur Link Road. However, for some or the other reason there has been no move to remove the scrap market despite it being known as a hub of illegal activities.While it was being said that Datir had almost succeeded in getting the scrap market removed and the issue was pending only because of the code of conduct for NMC election in force, Datir a sitting corporator then, was denied the ticket of Shiv Sena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "11970620", "title": "Sick leopard dies on the way to vet hospital", "text": "SHIMOGA: An eight-year-old ailing male leopard died while it was being taken for treatment to Shikaripur here on Monday.The leopard was spotted by villagers of Kattigehalla near Shikaripur, who then informed officials of the forest department. The forest department officials arrived on the spot and decided to shift the animal to Shikaripur for treatment. However, it died on the way.PU Student Falls From Tree, DiesA second year pre-university student died after he slipped and fell down from a coconut tree in Koodalhalli near Shimoga on Monday.The deceased has been identify as Megharaj. He had come to Koodalhalli, his native place, to celebrate Shivaratri. According to police, Megharaj had climbed the tree near his house to fetch coconuts for the festival. He lost balance and fell down. He died on the way to hospital, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11969557", "title": "Govt corrects mistake, to confer Padma Bhushan on acclaimed photographer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rectifying its mistake of giving the Padma Shri award to the same person twice after a gap of four decades, the government has now decided to confer the higher civilian award Padma Bhushan on photographer Sunil Janah, who shot to prominence for his pictures on Bengal famine and anti-colonial struggles.Janah (94) was awarded Padma Shri in 1972. But after four decades, the Union home ministry had on the eve of the Republic Day this year again announced his name as one of the recipients of the same award (Padma Shri).Among the three Padma awards, Padma Bhushan is the second highest award, while Padma Vibhushan is the most prestigious.Government had realized its mistake only when Janah's family members had pointed it out to the media. The home ministry has now decided to award him Padma Bhushan, and the decision has been conveyed to his family, settled in the US.\"We have decided to rectify our mistake. Janah will now be given Padma Bhushan,\" a home ministry official said.The official said it was a mistake as in 1972 his surname was written as 'Janath', and his domicile was shown as Delhi. This time, however, when his name was recommended to the home ministry by the culture ministry, the surname was correctly spelt as 'Janah' and the domicile as Assam, where he was born.It, however, appears that the officers in the home ministry, who were supposed to do background checks, did not bother to properly search office records that not only carry name and domicile of awardees but also all other details which make them eligible for the award.An official said that had Janah's background check been done properly by the staff, the mistake would not have occurred.It is learnt that the award - Padma Bhushan - would be received by the legendary photographer's family members at a function to be held at the Rashtrapati Bhawan here sometime in March or April as Janah is unlikely to travel to New Delhi to personally receive the award due to various advanced age-induced ailments.The photographs of 1940s Bengal famine that Janah had taken as a journalist shook the nation. He had also documented anti-colonial struggles and the emergence of independent India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11970490", "title": "HC asks East Coast Railway to consider stoppage for Rajdhani", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Orissa high court recently asked the East Coast Railway (ECoR) to examine if the New Delhi-Bhubaneswar Rajdhani Express can have a stoppage at Jajpur-Keonjhar Road station. Acting on a PIL, the court asked the ECoR to take a decision on the matter within eight weeks.Petitioner J K Pratihari, in his petition, had pleaded that the Rajdhani Express has stoppages at all district headquarters from its originating point besides Tata Nagar, Bokaro Steel City, Gomoh and Koderma, but not at Jajpur-Keonjhar Road station, which caters to two districts, Jajpur and Keonjhar.The division bench of Chief Justice V Gopala Gowda and Justice Biswanath Mohapatra asked Pratihari to send a representation along with the court order to the chairman of Railway Board and others within two weeks. The court told the Railways to take a decision within eight weeks after submission of the representation, Pratihari said.In 2006, Pratihari had filed a representation with the Railway Board member (traffic) seeking the stoppage. The railway authorities had conveyed to him that the demand was under consideration but no action was taken for over six years, following which he filed the PIL, Pratihari stated in his petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11971858", "title": "Sheetal Wanted To Be A Professor", "text": "At 22, she's youngest corporator of city everNAGPUR: Until recently, Sheetal Gangadhar Gharat had aspired to become a lecturer. Instead, at 22, Sheetal is the youngest ever corporator in NMC. She won from the Garoba Maidan ward.A delighted Sheetal told TOI she was doing M.Ed from Vasantrao Shikshan Mahavidyalaya with an aim to enter teaching profession. \"I am very happy to become a corporator and would make efforts for the development of my ward,\" she said.Sheetal was born on September 22, 1989, making her 22 years and five months old at the time of election. She thus got better of leader of ruling party Praveen Datke who was first elected as corporator at the age of 23. Datke, born on February 23, 1979, was first elected when elected in 2002. In the outgoing body, Kamlesh Chaudhary, corporator from Veterinary College, was the youngest and was also 23-year-old when elected in 2007.Sheetal's elder brother Nitin is an activist of Shiv Sena for the last four years and close associate of district chief Shekhar Sawarbandhe. Gharat family belongs to Mana community that comes under ST category. Nitin and Sheetal are both active in community. Like every political party, Sena too had trouble finding a right female ST candidate. Nitin approached Sawarbandhe for ticket from Kalamna that too was reserved for ST candidate. Sawarbandhe instead asked him whether he knew any woman of ST category as Sena was allotted Garoba Maidan ward. Nitin suggested Sheetal's name and she was on.\"Sheetal was very happy when I requested her to contest the election. My father Gangadhar, a policeman posted at Wardha, agreed. I am grateful to Sawarbandhe and workers of Sena from Garoba Maidan ward who extended all help,\" said Nitin.Sheetal was new to the ward as she lived in Dighori in South Nagpur. Garoba Maidan is in Gandhibagh Zone, Central Nagpur. The other candidate with her was BJP's Anil Dhawade, who carried criminal taint. Besides, Sheetal was in straight fight with Congress candidate Kiran Sayam. Sheetal went on to secure 7,005 votes while her rival got 5,447 votes. In the end, she got ahead of even Dhawade who got only 4,362 as there were 10 contestants against him.\"I will continue my studies and achieve my master's degree. I will try to improve basic services in my ward, specially NMC schools. Dhawade is very good person and will take his support,\" said Sheetal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11974560", "title": "Young talent", "text": "When children take responsibility to make an impact in their own life and the life of other children, we see a change, more so, when children who have less opportunities take the lead. Meet a group of children who used a creative opportunity to not just empower themselves but to work for other children.Manoj Basu, whose father is a driver and mother, a maid, did not allow his background to affect his willingness to learn about robotics and make a vacuum cleaner for other children. A student of class IX from Lord Mahavira School, Noida, he and his team members showcased the project in I CAN, a one-day festival organised by Dreaming Child Productions and Vidya and Child School in the NCR region recently.Their team made a vacuum cleaner toy car after a bit of research on the net. \"We used a toy car and attached a trolley to the toy car so that the dirt is collected in the trolley. The trolley also had wheels attached to it. To power the car, we used two batteries of six volts each. We used a sun board, paint brushes, which were attached on the opposite side of the trolley. These brushes would collect dirt and put it in the trolley. We had a remote control to control the movements of the car,\" says Basu.Talking about the challenges that the team faced while making the vacuum cleaner, Basu says, \"We didn't know what battery size to use for the motor. We used a large one and the batteries were fused. It took us timke to understand the kind of batteries that could be used for the model,\" says Basu. Making the vacuum cleaner toy car was a new experience for them and this has encouraged him.\"We didn't make the vacuum using any kind of software and so the next time, we make something, we want to try and develop it through software,\" he concludes.The one-day festival also showcased work in areas such as robotics, electronics, filmmaking, set design, architecture, film-editing, choreography and mass communication.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11971893", "title": "Trader's body found in Maoist den", "text": "RANCHI: Police recovered the body of a trader from an isolated place near the Maoist-hit Hetgram village in Ramgarh of Dumka district.The body of Parmeshwar Mandal, a trader of spices and jaggery, had several injury marks on the forehead and the throat was slit. He was killed on Sunday night.Sources said the rebels killed him suspecting him to be a police informer since Mandal had contacts with a large number of people for his business.However, officer in charge of the Ramgarh police station Ashok Kumar claimed that the rebels were not behind the killing. \"If the rebels had to kill him, they would have killed him and left the body along the road to send a message to the villagers. At the same time, they did not leave any letter or pamphlet to claim the responsibility of the killing. These two things rule out the version of the rebels hand behind the murder,\" said the officer.In the past, it has been seen that the rebels don't thrash a person before killing him. \"Since there were several injury marks on the body, we cannot say that he was killed by the rebels just because his body was found in an area where there is presence of Maoists,\" the officer added.He said an FIR had been lodged against unknown persons on the basis of complaint filed by the victim's son Lakhan Mandal. \"We are investigating the case from all angles and will be able to give exact details after the investigation is over,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11973814", "title": "Doctors satisfied with progress in health : Big B", "text": "Megastar Amitabh Bachchan has been recuperating at a hospital in Mumbai post his abdominal surgery since over a week and now as he shows signs of improvement, doctors also seem to be satisfied with the health progress.Bachchan, who has a history of abdominal ailments, was operated on February 11 at the Seven Hills hospital. \"The meetings of the morning with the team of doctors.. the most trying for the patient. As you await results of their assessment, you wonder what new discovery they may have found that would immerse you in further treatment. But happy to note that they seemed satisfied with the progress and after a few closed door discussions, came back with a few points that would bring relief to any sufferer,\" Bachchan wrote on his blog, last night.Earlier last week, Bachchan had complained of acute abdominal pain and tweeted that he may have to undergo a second operation and his stay at the hospital was extended. But later it was decided by doctors that the surgery was not required as the 69-year-old actor was getting better.Also, the doctors decided to keep him away from any further dressings. \"Most of the repair is done by the body itself ... marvellous piece of machinery..which is why you respect its maker so much. A better day... dressings removed, more normal food intake, lesser 'kites' and greater visitors,\" he tweeted.As Big B is on his way to recovery, there are chances that he might get discharged soon, hospital sources had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11971641", "title": "2 killed as truck driver jumps signal, hits van", "text": "NAGPUR: Two persons were killed and 25 injured when an overcrowded pickup van heading to a religious programme was hit by a speeding truck that jumped the signal. The mishap took place at Maruti showroom square on Kamptee Road on Monday morning.After the collision, the pickup van almost got overturned but the 21-year-old driver swiftly manoeuvred it into a standing position.Abdul Latif Abdul Majid (40), a resident of Mominpura, was declared brought dead while his eight-year-old son Afaq escaped with minor injuries. Two other children sustained minor injuries. Sixty-year-old Mohammad Shafi, a father of five children, died after a few hours of treatment at Mayo Hospital. Apart from five teenagers, a majority of the injured are youths from Akola, undergoing treatment at Mayo Hospital.Eyewitness Iqbal said that the truck driver Shishir Kumar Sahu was at high speed when he jumped the red signal. \"As the green light came on, the devotees' vehicle moved forward but Sahu, instead of stopping the truck, continued driving and rammed into the rear of the van,\" said Iqbal.A few van occupants, including children, were thrown out on the road as the vehicle keeled over precariously on its left wheels. The van driver, Abu Taleem Kamruddin, instead of getting panicked or fleeing from the spot, rushed a few seriously injured people in his vehicle to Mayo Hospital.Others, who had sustained minor injuries, were taken to the hospital by another van heading towards the same religious programme.\"The travellers had gathered at Mominpura on Sunday night and left for Kamptee around 8.15am on Monday. The other vehicle left after ten minutes,\" said Tanveer Ahmed, the complainant.Ahmed said that the three-day programme had started on Sunday and the pickup service for the devotees was provided by the organizers.Sahu, who had fled the spot, was arrested in the evening by Jaripataka police. He has been booked for negligent driving causing death. The injured are stated to be stable, said Rajendra Unnawne, senior police inspector of Jaripatka police station, who visited Mayo Hospital.Though many people including the relatives of the deceased and injured claimed that the road was bad and there was no traffic cop on the road, the injured were requesting their relatives and others not to turn violent at the hospital and mention peace.\"Though Sahu has been held responsible, it happened accidentally. Our religious leader from Kamptee has appealed to us to maintain peace and help the affected families,\" said Mohammad Siraf, an injured.Harish Tiwari, a local trader, said that the bad condition of the road and lack of traffic cops has led to increase in the number of mishaps on the road. \"The square where the accident took place is a major junction and only two traffic cops are deployed here. Many jump the red signal with impunity in front of the traffic cops. The roads should be repaired immediately and more traffic police should be deployed,\" said Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11973858", "title": "Deepika and Sidhartha avoid each other!", "text": "At a recent awards event, Deepika and Sidhartha studiously avoided each otherThis was perhaps the first time they made a pubic appearance together ever since this newspaper broke the news of their split. But on Sunday night, Deepika Padukone and Sidhartha Mallya stuck to their respective turfs, making solo entries and solo exits from an awards function.An eye witness at the event told Mirror, \"In the past, at least eight out of 10 times, both Deepika and Sidhartha would avoid being snapped together. However, towards the end of the event, they would graciously give a photo opportunity, either posing together or walking out side by side.\"In this case however, things were quite different.According to the eye-witness, \"Sidhartha walked in first, followed by Shah Rukh Khan and approximately seven minutes later, Deepika walked in, looking gorgeous in her beige gown. Earlier, this would have been considered as part of their strategy to avoid being caught in the same frame. But, this evening, they studiously avoided each other, even when the camera was not focused on them. Neither did they exchange pleasantries, like friends.\"Once the event was over, Sidhartha was seen coming out in a jolly mood as he had bagged an award and happily posed for the lenses. Curiously, no one, not even the paparazzi noticed Deepika leave the venue. \"It was almost as if she had vapourised from inside the banquet hall,\" said the eye-witness. A new strategy perhaps?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11971763", "title": "Soon, AC buses to ply to Varanasi", "text": "ALLAHABAD:This summer, air-conditioned buses will ply between Allahabad and Varanasi to provide relief to passengers. Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (UPSTRC) has decided to resume the services after a hiatus since July last year.AC buses were discontinued because of recurrent losses, but the services are being resumed after passengers demanded resumption. Sources in UPSTRC said current plans involve the running of three AC buses at regular intervals from Allahabad as summer sets in. Three buses would return from Varanasi too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11971199", "title": "Fog causes chaos at Chennai airport", "text": "CHENNAI: Dense fog enveloped several parts of the city on Monday morning, disrupting flight movement for nearly five hours and to a lesser extent road traffic.More than 3,000 passengers were stranded at the airport as fog reduced visibility to less than 100 metres, disrupting 49 flights. Morning walkers were taken by surprise as they could hardly see the path ahead.Motorists said they had to switch on the headlamps even after 8am. While trains were not affected, the airport remained shut from 4.15am to 9.30am.The weatherman attributed it to a combination of atmospheric conditions. \"A combination of clear skies, calm winds, high moisture content and dust particles caused the fog,\" said Y E A Raj, deputy director general , regional metrological department .Met department director S R Ramanan elaborated, \"Light wind perturbations causes moisture to condense over dust particles that causes fog.\"Visibility took a hit from 5.30am to 8.30am as the fog got denser, said Met officials. \"During this time, visibility remained at 100 metres. From 7.30am to 8.30am, it dropped to 50 metres,\" Raj said. From 9.40am, visibility improved to 1,500 metres at the airport. Flights were allowed to take off when there was a visibility of 550 metres.An airport official said flights had to be rescheduled as they could not initiate lowvisibility procedures for aircraft movements. The first flight after 4am left at 9.20am. Fifteen arriving flights - nine international and six domestic - were diverted to airports such as Bangalore, Kozhikode, Tirupati and Colombo. Thirty departures were delayed, while four flights were cancelled.Airport director E P Hareendranathan said, \"Most of the passengers for early morning flights who had moved to the security hold area of domestic and international terminals had to wait as it took a long time for the fog to clear.\"Some international flights - Gulf Air, Qatar and British Airways - cancelled their departures and their passengers were accommodated in nearby hotels, while a few others were accommodated in other flights when services resumed.Pilots too were taken by surprise . \"Weather in Chennai is usually clear, so no flights carry additional fuel for delays or diversions. This is a freak incident ,\" said a pilot with a private carrier.R Suresh, director of metrological office at the airport, said such conditions occur about five days each in February and March.Outside, on the roads, drivers and commuters had a tough time. City residents who left for work early in the morning had to drive slowly and use headlights to see through the fog.\"This is the first time since Bhogi I've seen such dense fog in the city. I got an opportunity to use my fog lights today,\" said Prabhu, a motorist.WHAT IS FOG? Fog is a cloud that occurs near the ground level instead of the sky. It is a thick cloud of water droplets suspended in the air 200-300 m above the groundSmog: Smog forms when particulate matter in the air gets so concentrated that it starts to obscure visibility, and it can represent a serious health riskMist: It is less denser than fog and the visibility is over 1,000 metres", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11963330", "title": "Kissing news angers Bipasha Basu", "text": "Reacting to reports of Bipasha Basu running to her makeup room after a kissing scene with Madhavan in \" Jodi Breakers \" as he had eaten too many onions, the actress clarified saying, \"Disgusting and ridiculous news about me and Maddy's kissing scene today... Looks like the people who wrote it kissed Maddy for the scene!\"According to the report, Maddy stayed away from onions after Bipasha refused to come out of her makeup room post doing the kissing scene and the two other kissing scenes with between the actors went off uneventfully.Bipasha, who is reportedly known to be close to Maddy's wife Sarita, was so irked by the reports about the kissing scene that she further said, \"Maddy is a total gentleman and knows way more than basic etiquettes with costars specially ladies! Wonder where this has come from?Post the clarifications, Bipasha quickly got back to talking about and promoting the film. The cast is headed to the capital city today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11970146", "title": "Stalemate over powerplant persists", "text": "PATNA: The stalemate over the 250x4MW power plant coming up at Nabinagar in Aurangabad district entered its 15th day on Monday as talks between Bhartiya Rail Bijlee Company Limited (BRBCL), the farmers and the Aurangabad district administration failed to reach a consensus over the demands of the farmers.The farmers are mainly demanding similar land prices for the two power projects coming up in Aurangabad and job to one member of each family affected by land acquisition. They are seeking Rs 21 lakh per acre for their land, as was paid for the land acquired for a 3x660 MW super thermal power station coming up at Nabinagar.Talking to TOI, chief manager (HR), BRBCL, D P Singh said, \"Talks have been held five times with the affected farmers, the very recent one on Saturday. However, the meeting failed as the farmers were adamant on their demands.\" He said as land acquisition comes under the state government's jurisdiction, the BRBCL has no role in land rate fixation.Similarly, on the farmers other demand of providing job to one member of each family in the upcoming plant, Singh said it was not feasible as there was no such provision anywhere. As regards the other demand of farmers for the same rate for one crop and multi-crop land, Singh said as the matter was sub-judice, he would not comment on the matter. \"Let the verdict come, it will be complied with,\" was all he said.The government has fixed a price of Rs 6 lakh per acre for single-crop land and Rs 13 lakh for multi-crop ones, which the farmers are opposing and have moved the Patna high court to seek 'justice'.The company is, however, willing to consider the farmers' demand of one-time payment for 750-day wages to the labourers engaged in plant construction work on the condition that they produce any document showing that they were labourers when the land acquisition process started in 2007, he said.On the demand for award of contract up to Rs 25 lakh to farmers without inviting tenders, he said, \"This cannot be done.\"He advised them to form a cooperative society instead and then bid for tenders. Even if they formed a cooperative, they could be provided certain labour-intensive work only as the jobs required for the plant are of technical nature which demand skilled professionals, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11974287", "title": "Lopamudra Mitra to perform for Maitree Bandhan", "text": "Lopamudra Mitra will perform on the Tolly Club lawns on February 23 for Maitree Bandhan, the India-Bangladesh Cultural Festival...How does it feel to perform at \"Maitree Bandhan Aage Chalo!\",The Times of India Indo-Bangladesh Cultural Festival?Our political differences keep us apart but our culture keeps us united. Both countries are passionate about music, more so, when it comes to the Bard's songs. I feel proud to be a part of this celebration, which will bridge the gap between borders. I wish more such initiatives take place in order to strengthen ties between the two countries.Have you performed in Bangladesh?Yes, on two to three occasions. I won accolades there for my style of Rabindrasangeet, which is far from traditional. What I liked is the appreciation from the youth there. They can relate more to Tagore's songs than the GenY here.What kind of respect do they have for artistes from Bengal?They have unlimited respect, but I think, we respect them more. Do we ever feel that Bonnadi is a singer from Bangladesh? Never. Mone hoi Bonnadi toh amaderi.Have you decided on your songs at the Festival?I will be singing Tagore's \"Momo chittey\", \"Phalgun haway\", some Toppa and Baul numbers. But like I said, I sing Rabindrasangeet without sticking to tradition. I will break away from the usual music arrangement which one is used to listening when it comes to Rabindrasangeet. For example, I will be using a musical instrument called djembe, which is generally not used in Tagore numbers. Presentation-wise also, it will be different as I will be standing with my musicians while performing.What's your favourite genre of Tagore songs?Rabindranather premer gaan. He is the ultimate when it comes to love songs. When I sing the song \"Acche dukho, acche mrityu\", I feel it is a song of love not death!And your favourite love song?Loads. It changes with my mood. But \"Jodi prem dileh na praane\" is my all time favourite.Of late, Tagore's songs are given a different spin in films...It's nice. But I had started singing Tagore songs in a different way back in 2001 in my album \"Bishmaye\" and then in \"Anando\". Actually, Tagore is so modern that we can still re-arrange his music, keeping the tradition intact though, to match up with time and trend.Name some promising singers from Kolkata who, you think, will do well in the coming years?Somlata, Sukanya... there are so many. Their singing styles are completely different from singers from our generation and I like that.What do you think is the fate of solo albums in Bengal?The Bard's solo albums still sell like hot cakes! Solo albums of modern Bengali songs are yet to create a dhamaka in the market. The merit of a singer, combined with marketing strategy plays an important role to make the artiste commercially successful.Your last folk album, 'Mon Phokira', was quite a rage. When are you coming out with your next solo album?I plan to bring out my next album of modern Bengali songs at the end of this year. I will be singing poems by Shakti Chattopadhyay, Joy Goswami, Sankho Ghosh and many more.Many came to know that 'Beni Madhob' is a poem by Joy Goswami only after you sang that poem...Eta Joydar jonne dukhher! I feel poetry is not for the masses. \"Beni Madhob\" a poem that transforms into something unique when set to tune. What I like is that with my songs, the audience gets to dance, which bear testimony to the fact that they enjoy my songs.Why don't you do playback for films?I feel that my luck as a playback singer for films doesn't click. I started doing playback from the film, \" Sedin Choitromash\", but I guess, it's my fate. Sadly, my image is to be blamed. Directors feel that Lopa can't sing this song. But fact is, if I'm an artiste, I should be able to all kinds of songs. For Riingo's \"System\", I sang \"Mahi re\". It was liked by all. A few days back, I recorded a song for Srijit Mukherji's \"The Hemlock Society\". I'm game for an item number too but the lyrics matter to me. I can't give my nod for \"Tui amar Koka kola\". If I get a chance to sing an item number like \"Beedi jalaile\", I'm game!Most of the performing artistes be it actors, singers, dancers, directors believe that with Mamata Banerjee as CM, the cultural scenario of Bengal is changing for the better. Your take.Any change is positive. But only time will say how and to what extent the cultural scenario in Bengal is changing for the better", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11975346", "title": "Internet TV show completes 250 episodes", "text": "The world's first full-format TV show on the internet, Jay Hind! is all set to accomplish yet another milestone with the completion 250 episodes on February 23rd, 2012.The record- setting 250th episode will feature the announcement of a unique concept titled \" Sadma Awards\" to be given away in an unique event entitled 'Sadma Ka Aadaan Pradaan Award Ceremony' - a spoof on all the awards existent in our country.While the 250th episode will the see the launch and announcement of various 'embarrassing' categories as well as its nominees, the winners (read losers!) will be announced on April fools day!The nomination categories range from politics and business to Bollywood, Science, technology and sports. What's more, the loyal fan base of Jay Hind as well as the general public will be able to vote for their choice of winners.Some award categories are: 1. Porn Addict of the year, 2. Chu***a of the year, 3. Baba of the year 4. Sextoy user of the year 5. Thappad of the year 6. Rumour-monger of the year 7. Ghisa Hua Ok Sabun Award for maximum dhulai in a year.There are over 30 nomination categories in all. Talking about the landmark of reaching 250 episodes, Abhigyan Jha, Creator and Director of Jay Hind and founder CEO of Undercover Productions Ltd. says, \"What began as a crazy dream is now 250 episodes old! The journey has been rapid and exciting. Along the way we've broken and set many records, earned respect from as well as irked industry peers and have managed to stand out from the crowd. We take maximum satisfaction from the fact that we've managed to introduce the entertainment industry to an exciting new medium.\"The show has been successfully churning out superlative humorous content for over two years and has proven that the Internet can replace satellite as a broadcast medium for full format TV shows. Undercover Productions Ltd. have ambitious plans for the show and intend to keep building on the strong base that they have created.Raajh Singh, country head, Dailymotion India, the largest video sharing site after YouTube says, \"The viewership for Jay Hind is rapidly growing on our website indicating strong connect with our audience The show is high in terms of content quality as well as humour. We think that the show will achieve many more landmarks in the years to come.\"Jay Hind is also a content partner with the YouTube Partner Programme (YPP) and has been very successful on that platform.The show has registered mind boggling views of over 125 million views so far. The biweekly Late Night Comedy Show has recorded an average of 1.5 lakh views per day. A contemporary and edgier version of the iconic Movers and Shakers, by the creative team behind it, Jay Hind is a breakthrough in online entertainment. Launched on August 15th, 2009 the show is watched by fans from places as far apart as Uganda and USA. The highly appealing content of the show and the user friendly online medium has struck a chord with the audience.Sumeet Raghavan, anchor of Jay Hind! says, \"Shooting for Jay Hind feels like a breeze! We are always laughing and cracking jokes on the sets, not only on the others, but even on ourselves. Honestly, it doesn't feel like we're about to complete 250 episodes. The show has also contributed enormously towards improving my capabilities as an actor. I feel proud to be associated with a path breaker like Jay Hind!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11971268", "title": "EC notice to Ajit's son for taking cash", "text": "LUCKNOW: The EC on Monday slapped a model code violation notice on RLD leader Jayant Chaudhary for allegedly accepting cash at an election rally in Mathura.The RLD MP was seen taking Rs 51,000 from party leader Kundan Singh at a rally, reports said. The cash exchanged hands before it was passed on to Jayant's brother-in-law Shailendra Agarwal. A Mathura administration officer confirmed Jayant had been served the notice.\"He has been given time until noon on Tuesday to re spond to the charges,\" UP chief electoral officer Umesh Sinha said. But Jayant clarified that the party's campaign was routinely funded by contributions from farmers and deposited into candidate accounts. It is completely normal. Our party raises funds through people's contributions, so I see no infringement of the EC norms. I have responded to the notice that was issued to me saying the same.Jayant said a week ago he had similarly received cash at a rally in Baghpat.Assembly elections 2102 newsUP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11968885", "title": "Court foils man's bid to dispossess son from ancestral home", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court has thwarted an elderly man's bid to dispossess his son from their ancestral home in the national capital, rejecting his claim that he was its exclusive owner on account of a will executed by his father.\"Dharampal (father) has failed to prove his exclusive ownership of the property. Therefore, he is not entitled to the relief claimed by him because his son (Sanjay) also has interest in the suit property, being the legal heir of Kalo Devi, as she is the grandmother of the defendant (Sanjay).\"Hence, the suit of Dharampal is dismissed,\" civil judge Gagandeep Jindal said.Dharampal had moved court seeking its direction to declare him the exclusive owner of the house at Paharganj, purchased in 1957 by his father, Ram Dass .Seeking eviction of his son Sanjay and his family from the house, Dharampal alleged his father had earlier executed the will in his favour bequeathing the house to him. Sanjay has no right to share the property, he had alleged.\"In the present case, there are two attesting witnesses to the will but the plaintiff (Dharampal) has not examined either of the attesting witnesses to prove the will. Therefore, the will cannot be read in evidence. There is no other document on record to prove the title of the document in respect of the suit property,\" the court said.The court said Dharampal, his mother Kalo Devi and other family members including Sanjay will have a right in their ancestral properties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "11968525", "title": "2 fire mishaps at Tirumala on festive day", "text": "TIRUMALA: A major fire broke out on Monday morning at a shopping complex which is situated just about 300 feet away from the main entrance to Lord Venkateswara temple in Tirumala. There was no loss of life but 12 shops did get gutted with items worth lakhs of rupees destroyed in the blaze.Earlier, there was also a fire in the Tiruchanur temple kitchen which destroyed thousands of laddus. The temple was closed for an hour as fire-tenders fought the flames. Pilgrims said that two fire accidents in two temples was a bad omen for Mahasivaratri day.The first incident occurred in the laddu kitchen (called 'Potu') at the Padmavati Ammavari temple in Tiruchanur. The fire, caused by a stove, soon engulfed the entire kitchen.The fire at the commercial complex, opposite Ram Bageecha guesthouse near Tirumala temple, required several fire engines before it was finally brought in control. The initial estimate as to the loss to property has been put at Rs 30 lakh. Fire department officials said that a short-circuit at a photo studio sparked off the fire, which quickly spread to other shops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11971791", "title": "Environment awareness rally", "text": "To spread the awareness about keeping the environment clean, a rally was organized by students of K V School, Sector 47, Chandigarh, (second shift) under the project, \"Who will do this work\". The rally was taken out by the students of classes V and III from the school (primary wing) and was flagged-off by the school principal, C P Chaudhri .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11971943", "title": "AAI pact to set up airports in steel cities", "text": "NEW DELHI: Steel cities of Jharkhand, Jamshedpur and Bokaro will soon figure on the country's air map as the Airports Authority of India will set up airports there.A memorandum of understanding (MoU) was signed by the AAI and the Jharkhand government for establishing airports in both the cities in the presence of AAI chairman and Jharkhand chief minister Arjun Munda .\"The operation would start with ATR-72 aircraft initially and later on once the traffic is increased, operation of bigger aircraft would also start from these airports,\" AAI chairman V P Agarwal said.The state government would provide land to AAI for developing the airports so that charter and regular flights could start at the earliest. Munda said the work for survey of land for the airport has already started. \"This airport will promote air connectivity and help in promoting economy of the state,\" he said. Though the city is presently served by a small airport at Sonari, it has been a long standing demand to have a full-fledged airport in Jamshedpur.Sonari airport, which is spread over a 25-acre area, is primarily used for bringing in chartered planes of TATA group. Jamshedpur is a major industrial centre of East India. It houses companies like Tata Steel, Tata Motors , Tata Power , Lafarge Cement, Telcon, BOC Gases, Tata Technologies Ltd, Praxair, TCE, TCS, Tinplate and many more.It is home to one of the largest industrial zones of India known as Adityapur which houses more than 1,200 small and medium scale industries.A few airlines that started operations from Jamshedpur in 2007 were forced to withdraw due to inviable operations following conversion of the airport from Category 3C to 2C which means that runway length will be shorter and that no more than 45 passengers can be accommodated on a flight. The nearest commercial airports are Kolkata and Ranchi.Tata Steel had proposed to set up a 600-acre greenfield airport on the outskirts of Jamshedpur in Adityapur-Seraikella region. In June 2011, Tata Steel and TRIL entered formally into a joint venture for building the airport. The project is awaiting clearance from ministry of civil aviation.The new airport would have the capacity to allow commercial airliners such as Airbus A320 to land and take off which was not possible from the present airport. Similarly, Bokaro Steel City has an airport but is used only by private carriers of Sail and dignitaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "11970518", "title": "Mela starts near Huma temple", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Week-long festivities have begun at the world famous leaning Huma temple on the occasion of Mahashivaratri. The biggest attraction is the mela that is thronged by thousands of devotees who come to the temple. It is a big market for rural folks living in areas bordering Sambalpur and Sonepur districts. Though there is no direct bus communication to the temple, buses plying between Sambalpur and Sonepur touch the temple area during festivals.The mela at Huma is a big draw because the marriage season starts after Mahashivaratri and all kinds of goods like furniture, utensils are sold at the mela. \"I was waiting for the mela to buy household goods for my daughter's marriage. Goods are also cheaper here,\" Purander Seth of Ulunda village said.Traders also come to sell their goods at this mela. \"I have been coming to the mela to sell wooden beds for the past 12 years. It is a good place and people love to buy from here,\" a businessman from Uttar Pradesh said. Elaborate police arrangements have been made to maintain law and order during week-long festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11970588", "title": "Mahashivratri: Thousands throng temples to offer prayers to Lord Shiva", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Almost all famous Shiva shrines in the state were packed on Monday, as devotees braved the scorching heat and made serpentine queues in front of temples to seek the blessings of the god on Mahashivratri.Policemen had a trying time on the festive day taming the sea of pilgrims at popular temples like Lingaraj in Bhubaneswar, Loknath in Puri, Akhandalamani in Bhadrak, Kapilas in Dhenkanal, Huma in Sambalpur and Gupteswar in Koraput.Cops in the state capital were jittery following the alleged murderous attack on a priest of Lingaraj temple on Sunday. The injured priest, Bhagaban Samartha, was scheduled to take the holy mahadeep atop the shrine on Mahashivratri night.There were apprehensions of a backlash on the day of festival but police officials heaved a sigh of relief as the rituals went by smoothly since morning. \"Devotees did not face any problem while taking a glimpse of the Shiva linga. They were allowed to go in queue to prevent stampede. The festival was incident-free,\" a police officer said.While gun-totting policemen stood guard to prevent any untoward incident, temple authorities were glued to giant TV screens to monitor the goings-on inside and outside the temple through CCTV footage. \"We were ready to meet any exigency. Priests of different Nijogs cooperated with us for the timely solemnization of the traditional practices. We had deployed four private security guards at the entrance point to prevent the entry of non-Hindus into the shrine,\" temple's executive officer Abanikant Pattnaik said.Sources said the rituals of Lingaraj were delayed for nearly 20 minutes in the morning following the entry of a pilgrim into the sanctum sanctorum. \"There was mild disruption. Later, the rituals went on smoothly,\" Pattnaik said.Several volunteers and Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) authorities sprinkled water on devotees who were standing under the blazing sun. Sources said the day temperature touched nearly 34 degree Celsius in Bhubaneswar.The district administrations of Bhadrak and Dhenkanal also ensured a hassle-free Mahashivratri celebrations at the most sought after temples, Akhandalmani and Kapilas. Till reports last came in, rituals were going on smoothly at both places.A large number of devotees from different parts of the state and neighbouring Andhra Pradesh thronged the historic Gokarneshwar temple, situated atop Mahendragiri hill in Gajapati district. Locals, however, said the crowd on Mahendragiri hill this year was thin. \"It might be because of the panchayat elections that concluded on Sunday,\" said a functionary of Mahendragiri Surakhya Parishad.Meanwhile, tour and travel professionals took a dig at the state tourism department for failing to tap the Mahashivratri festivity. \"Like Rath Yatra, the Mahashivratri can also attract a good number of tourists to the state. However, the tourism department does not float tour packages for visitors,\" a tour operator said. \"The government should focus on wooing tourists to the Shiva temples located amid natural treasure-troves like Gupteswar in Koraput, Harishankar in Balangir and Beleswar in Puri,\" he added.Famous temples apart, there are a number of shrines that have remained out of bounds for tourists due to poor promotion. Narendrapur village in Bhadrak district is dotted by more than 1,000 Shiva lingas. Bhusandeswar in Balasore district is home to a 12-feet high Shiva linga, touted as the tallest linga in Asia. A Shiva shrine at Beleswar is just a stone's throw from the Bay of Bengal in Puri district.\"Anybody would be tempted to visit these places. However, the footfall of tourists is pretty discouraging due to poor marketing,\" a hotelier said. \"We have so far not thought of floating tour packages during Mahashivratri, but we may do it in the future. But we arrange vehicles for our guests if they want to visit any temple,\" a tourism official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11969256", "title": "Party's campaign funded by contributors: Jayant", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Election Commission, on Monday evening, sent a model code violation notice to Rashtriya Lok Dal leader Jayant Chaudhary for allegedly accepting cash at an election rally in Mathura. According to reports, Mathura MP Jayant, the son of RLD chief Ajit Singh, was seen taking Rs 51,000 from local RLD leader Kundan Singh during the rally.When contacted, Jayant, however, clarified that the party's campaign was routinely funded by contributions made by farmers across constituencies. He said: \"The money is accepted and then deposited into the candidate accounts. It is a completely normal and routine activity. Our party raises funds through peoples' contributions, so I see no infringement of the EC norms. I have responded to the notice that was issued to me saying the same.'' He also clarified that a week ago also, he had received cash at a rally in Baraut constituency of Baghpat. ``The district administration, however, clarified that this was a routine exercise to raise funds. Maybe the administration in Mathura has misread the rules,'' Jayant added.This is the second time in one week when RLD candidates have made news for wrong reasons. Earlier, the election commission cancelled the nomination of RLD's candidate from Kairana constituency in Prabudh Nagar, allegedly on grounds of ``multiple identities''. Returning Officer Jay Shankar Mishra rejected Vishal Kumar's nomination papers for providing false information about his name and criminal records.On Sunday, though the Election Commission transferred Mishra to Lucknow and appointed Ram Kumar Maurya in his place, no order was issued to reinstate the candidature of the RLD candidate. Sinha said: \"The EC has only transferred the RO and appointed a new one. No decision has been conveyed to us about the nomination of the candidate. At present, his nomination remains cancelled.''Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11968707", "title": "'Easy' CMAT cheers students", "text": "MUMBAI: Day one of the common management admission test (CMAT) brought relief to many students, who claimed the paper was \"simple\".Students will get to see their cumulative and section-wise scores online on March 11. According to experts, some of the sections in CMAT were on a par with CAT and GMAT papers.Tanvi Chauhan, a student of R A Podar College, said, \"The paper was easy. Most of us managed to finish it on time. If we are prepared for CAT, then CMAT was easy to manage.\" Chauhan wants to study at NMIMS or Welingkar's.Many top rung institutes will accept CMAT scores.Students appeared for the paper at four centres in Mumbai and Navi Mumbai in two shifts on Monday. Almost 12% of the 70,000 students have already appeared for the exam, claimed SS Mantha, chairman of All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE), which conducted the exam.Though this was the first year of online CMAT, no technical glitches were reported. \"Only one centre in Vizag faced a 10-minute power cut due to some electric pole accident. Students were given 10 minutes extra,\" said Mantha.Mantha said, \"Students' scorecards will be made available online. There are four sections in the paper-Quantative Skills (Quant), Logical Reasoning, English, GK. In case of a tie-breaker in cumulative score, we'll take into account marks scored by the student in Quant, then logical reasoning, followed by English and lastly the general knowledge. If there is a tie even after considering all these scores, then all the students who get equal marks will be given the same merit rank.\"Experts believed that the English and lcgical reasoning section was almost on the lines of CAT and GMAT.Sai Kumar from TIME Coaching Institute said, \"Students said the paper was easy. English section was slightly tough and lengthy.\"There were no comprehension/passages in the section, which usually consumes a lot of time. Even the GK questions were asked from across the spectrum, including history, geography, current affairs, etc.\"Some of the students claimed that three to four questions looked erroneous, but this was not confirmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11971359", "title": "3 videographers electrocuted", "text": "LUDHIANA: Three persons were electrocuted and four injured when they came in contact with high-tension electricity wires at a venue celebrating Mahashivratri in Focal Point on Monday afternoon.The seven were at the venue to record a video of the event. While Gurjeet Singh, Sanjay Kumar and Umesh Kumar died on the spot, Davinder Singh, Udham Singh, Niranjan Singh and Manoj Kumar were seriously injured. They have been admitted to a private hospital.Station house officer of Focal Point police station Kavarjeet Singh said, \"The incident took place at noon. The men were making a video of the event organized by the area residents. All seven, around 30 years old, belong to Ludhiana.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11968569", "title": "Man tries to kill two wives", "text": "HYDERABAD: A woman died mysteriously while two women are battling for their lives in separate incidents in the state in the last 24 hours. In another incident, the condition of a woman, who attempted suicide, is serious after she allegedly killed her son and daughter in Anantapur district on Monday.After getting drunk, a man poured kerosene on his two wives, who were living together, and allegedly set them on fire at Ethamukkala village of Kothapatnam mandal in Prakasam district early on Monday. Locals rushed them to the government hospital at Ongole where their condition is said to be very critical. They suffered 80% burns. The husband is absconding.Shaik Nissar, an auto mechanic, married Khairun five years ago but then had an extramarital relationship with one Radha. He was living with the both of them on the same premises. However, he started harassing them on suspicions of infidelity.In another incident in Visakhapatnam, a 25-year-old woman, who was seven months pregnant, was found dead in mysterious circumstances at Dharlapudi village late on Sunday. The badly burnt body of K Dhanalakshmi was found in her home. Police said it was not clear whether she committed suicide or if somebody had set her on fire. The husband, who is a teacher, is absconding.Meanwhile, anguished over financial crisis, a woman allegedly slit the throats of her son and daughter in Bollapalli village of Gummagadda mandal in Anantapur district. She then attempted suicide by slitting her throat but has been admitted in a hospital in a critical condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11970990", "title": "Cop slaps ASI staff at Khajuraho", "text": "BHOPAL: Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) and Madhya Pradesh police are heading for a showdown after a senior police official allegedly slapped an archaeologist on Monday at the world famous Khajuraho temple, sparking trouble in the premises. More than one lakh people had gathered to offer prayers at a Shiv temple on the occasion of Mahashivaratri.Khajuraho sub-divisional officer of police Kailash Nahata allegedly slapped ASI archaeologist Dr Vijay Kumar Rai around 11 am in western group of temple, ASI conservation assistant Rahul Tiwari told TOI from Chhatarpur district.\"The police official's act was without any rhyme or reason. It was just an act of police to show its dadagiri,\" Tiwari alleged. \"When we ourselves are not protected, how we can protect the monument and antiquities. Everyone has self-respect.\"However, Nahata denied the charge of thrashing Dr Rai. \"The ASI officers were bringing the devotees to the temple from the wrong way where women devotees stood to have a darshan of Lord Shiva. I just asked them to stop bringing the devotees from the wrong way as it may lead to confusion and possible stampede. I just put a hand on Dr Rai's shoulder and gave him the advice,\" he claimed.\"Our scholar has been beaten up. This is too much. Now there is a sense of fear among our staffers,\" Tiwari said and denied that ASI staffers closed gates to the eastern group of temples.The angry ASI staffers went to the Kotwali police station to lodge a complaint. The police did not entertain them. Subsequently, ASI officials pasted their complaint on the police station wall.The ASI staff also held a meeting to discuss about the future course of action, including going on a strike, to press for action against the cop.Sensing trouble, Chharapur district administration swung into action and directed sub-divisional magistrate R K Bohat to probe into the complaint. \"Let me investigate the matter. I will make both the parties to sit together to solve the issue amicably,\" Bohat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11971813", "title": "Kerala fishermen's killing: Italian Naval guards eat pizza, enjoy scenic beauty", "text": "KOCHi: The two Italian naval guards, Latorre Massimillaino and Salvatore Girone, are being treated very well by the state police, according to reports.\"Though they have been arrested in connection with the killing of two Indian fishermen, the state government has decided to treat them with all respect as they are foreigners and considering diplomatic issues,\" said a senior police official.The police have received a menu from Italian officials containing a list of items like pizza, cappuccino, baked breads, fruit juice, aerated drinks and yoghurt to be served to the naval guards. These items have been supplied to the marines from a leading hotel in the city,\" an official said.Police said they have been enjoying the scenic beauty of Kochi from the CISF guest house, where they were lodged, after police arrested them on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11970074", "title": "Presidency lures foreign scholars", "text": "KOLKATA: Forty-eight hours are still to go before the application procedure closes, but Presidency University authorities are already \"stunned\" by the quality and number of scholars applied from across the world for faculty positions in this prestigious institution. The selection panel that will sift through the applications is now spoilt for choice. Considering the excellent track record and credentials of applicants, it will be difficult to make the final choice for many posts.Some 5,000-odd academics have applied for 184 faculty positions. About 4,000 applications have come online and the rest by post, the vice-chancellor's office said. Though details of applicants are yet to be divulged, it is known that at least 50% of them are from researchers and existing faculty members at top institutions across the country and abroad, apart from applications from Calcutta and Jadavpur University.The university has already started segregating the applications into three categories: applications that have come from abroad, those from universities and institutes across the country and finally, those from universities, government colleges and other colleges in the state.\"We couldn't believe our eyes as we saw not one or two but hundreds of applications from existing faculty members and scholars of US and Canadian universities like Yale , Harvard, Stanford and Toronto . There are several applications from the top three UK varsities also. The applicants not only have brilliant track records, they have also been consistent in research, have publications to their credit and have done pioneering work in their fields,\" said VC Malabika Sarkar.\"Not all applicants are Bengalis with Kolkata connections. Neither are most applicants alumni of the erstwhile Presidency College,\" she said, trying to drive home the point that scholars have applied simply for the \"Presidency\" brand. \"Most applicants from top foreign universities are existing faculty members. While some have just started their career, others are already mid-way into teaching and are perfectly ensconced in their lives. There is no way in which we can match their compensation but they wish to come to Presidency because they will be architects who will build the university from its new foundation,\" Sarkar explained.Of the 184 faculty positions for which applications have been invited, 80 were lying vacant and carried forward from Presidency College. The remaining 104 positions have been sanctioned by the state government. At the moment there are another 164 existing faculty positions, which have also been carried forward. The existing faculty members have been given the option of filling up forms to stay back in the university or opt out. They have been asked to take a decision by February 22. A sizeable percentage has preferred to opt out. They will be placed by the state higher education department in the different government colleges. Those who have opted to stay will have to face a selection process to hold on to their positions.\"Each existing faculty member will be weighed against the applications that we have received from outside. Naturally, the best application will get selected. While in most departments, there is a mix and we have teachers who have stayed away from filling up forms indicating that they have opted out, there are at least three departments where all the teachers have preferred to stay on. I must admit that a large number of existing teachers are extremely good and stand a good chance of staying back,\" Sarkar said.Kolkata: With barely 48 hours to go before applications for faculty positions in Presidency University close, the authorities say they are stunned by both the quality and quantity of scholars whose applications have poured in from across the world. This is beyond their expectation, they candidly confess. The selection panel that will now sift through the applications is spoilt for choice. Considering the excellent track record and credentials of applicants, it will be difficult to make the final choice for many posts.Some 5,000-odd academics have applied for the 184 faculty positions for which applications were invited in the fledgling university. About 4,000 applications have come online and the rest by post, the vice chancellor's office said. Though details of applicants are yet to be divulged, it was known that at least 50 per cent of them are from scholars who are researchers and existing faculty members at top institutions from across the country and abroad, not to speak of applications that have come in from existing Calcutta and Jadavpur University faculty too.The university has already started segregating the applications into three categories: applications that have come from abroad, those that have come from universities and institutes across the country and finally, those that have come from universities, government colleges and other colleges within the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11969280", "title": "Maiden trip of Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar to Pakistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar will lead a delegation of MPs to Pakistan on a five-day goodwill mission, beginning Tuesday aimed at promoting bilateral ties and bringing about an improved understanding of political processes through interaction with politicians and intellectuals.Kumar told TOI, \"This (her visit) is a strong assertion of the desire of the people of India for friendship with the people of Pakistan.\" Kumar will be the first Speaker of Indian Parliament to visit Pakistan.The delegation includes BJP's Shahnawaz Hussain and Tarun Vijay, Madan Lal Sharma (Congress), Birendra Prasad Baishya (AGP), Saidul Haque (CPM) and Inder Singh Namdhari (Independent). \"But when it comes to friendship with Pakistan, there are no differences,\" she said.In Islamabad , Kumar will meet the women's parliamentary caucus comprising 60 women MPs of Pakistan. Besides her counterpart, she will meet Pakistani president Asif Zardari , PM Yousuf Gilani and chairman of the Senate. She will also visit the UNESCO world heritage site at Takshila.Kumar's fondness for Urdu and ease with poetry is expected to connect with Pakistani intellectuals when she meets them in Lahore . She will also meet the governor and chief minister of Pakistan's Punjab province.Pakistan too has a woman Speaker - Dr Fahmida Mirza - for the first time. \"She is a good friend of mine,\" said Kumar. That helps in fostering friendly ties between the two countries.The two Speakers have several things in common. Both were professional - Kumar a diplomat and Mirza a doctor - before they entered politics. Also, they come from political families.The aim of the mission is to push ties as despite hitches bilateral relations have been on a positive trajectory after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh met Gilani on the sidelines of the SAARC summit in Thimphu in 2010. \"After that, confidence-building measures resumed, dialogue has started. This should go on and be strengthened,\" said Kumar. That is the whole aim to boost bilateral travel, trade and commerce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11969030", "title": "Tariff hike soon if auto unions have their way", "text": "MUMBAI: Passengers may soon have to shell out more for auto fares. Unions are aggressive about their demand for a further hike in tariff, citing three main reasons, the main being the recent hike in the price of CNG.The price in Mumbai was hiked from Rs31.47 per kg to Rs33.10 from Friday midnight. Every time there has been a hike in fuel prices, the government has increased auto and taxi fares in the Mumbai metropolitan region.The last hike in Mumbai was about 50paise for every additional km, but the Mumbai Rickshawmen's Union demanded that it be at least a rupee more. Union activists submitted a petition to the state transport department on Monday, citing increase in maintenance costs of CNG engines, business losses due to long queues at filling stations and the recent fuel hike.Union leader Thampy Kurian said, \"We are serious about the hike this time and may go on a hunger strike.\" Sources said some unions have planned to protest on the streets and have threatened a strike too.An activist from Sharad Rao's union said, \"We had demanded a hike based on the cost of living index. We want each driver to earn Rs20,000-25,000 per month.\" Rao's union had also been demanding a rollback on government taxes and third-party insurance premium rates.A senior RTO official said, \"The transport department will look into the demands. But in case of a further hike, it will be done as per the formula suggested by the Hakim committee.\" Kurian pointed out that when the committee was set up, autos ran on petrol and therefore it cannot be applied to CNG-run autos. \"The committee has not considered the maintenance costs of CNG autos, which is higher than those run on petrol. Our demand is justified and we can prove to the government that overhead costs of an auto driver have increased in the past few months,\" he said.But Kurian is against automen going on strike. \"Crippling the lifeline of Mumbai will serve no purpose. We must resolve the issue peacefully,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11970568", "title": "New elects killed in road mishap", "text": "KORAPUT: Three persons, including a newly-elected sarpanch, were killed in a road accident in Koraput district on Monday. While two of the deceased were identified as Dora Jani and Daitari Nayak, identification of the third is yet to be ascertained, police said.Police said the trio was traveling towards Sunabeda from Koraput on a motorcycle when they fell from a bridge under Sunabeda police limits after the rider lost control of the vehicle.\"Preliminary reports suggest the rider lost control of the vehicle. However, investigation is on to find if some vehicle hit the motorcycle in the rear,\" said Sunabeda police station IIC S N Satapathy. \"The trio was instantly killed. The bodies have been recovered,\" he added.Sources said though no official announcement has been made, Jani was elected as the sarpanch of Mujanka panchayat under Dasmantpur block in the district and Nayak was elected as a ward member of the same panchayat in the recently concluded panchayat poll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11969636", "title": "Spurt in conjunctivitis cases in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: It's not the season for the pink-eye disease, but many doctors in the city report a spurt in conjunctivitis cases. Ophthalmologists are finding the infection resistant to most commonly-used antibiotics.Conjunctivitis, which usually occurs during the monsoon, can be caused by allergies, viruses or bacteria. The Government Ophthalmic Hospital reports at least six new cases every day. \"Usually we see cases of conjunctivitis after the rains. It's unusual this time of the year. Interestingly, no case has been reported in the neighbouring districts,\" said Government Ophthalmic Hospital director Dr K Vasantha.Some doctors, too, have been infected, with symptoms such as pain and itchiness in the eyes, continuous discharge, intolerance to bright light and discomfort. What worries doctors is that the infection they see these days lasts longer than the usual three-four days. Ophthalmologists say many patients are not responding well to the commonly used antibiotic chloramphenicol. \"There is good reason for us to suspect antibiotic resistance. In most cases, only high spectrum antibiotics work,\" said Dr Amar Agarwal, who heads Agarwal Eye Hospitals.As of now doctors don't know if there is a change in the existing strain of the pathogen, but they say they find some patients with complications like ulcers in the cornea, which may require a corneal transplant. \"The infection is mostly benign but it is important to consult a doctor. Most often it is treated only for symptoms and associated bacterial infections. In some cases, it may be dangerous to leave it untreated. People should not assume that a pink eye is due to conjunctivitis, when it can be something else,\" Dr Agarwal said.Doctors advise people to maintain personal hygiene to prevent contracting the infection. Patients should keep their hands clean and avoid touching their eyes. \"Personal contact with the patient or objects like eye glasses, towels and tissues used by the patient increases the risk of infection. The infected person should also maintain high precaution to avoid cross infection,\" said a senior opthalmologist at Sankara Nethralaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11969727", "title": "Lord Shiva\u2019s abode celebrates Mahashivratri", "text": "VARANASI: The city came alive with chants of 'Bam Bam Bhole'. A sea of devotees was seen on the roads and streets of the holy city, known as the permanent abode of Lord Shiva, throughout the day to mark the celebrations of the presiding deity's wedding function, the Mahashivratri.The colours of festivity had become visible from Sunday afternoon when groups of devotees from far and near started entering the city either by foot or by vehicles like trucks, tractors, pick-up vans and even auto rickshaws. The officials of district administration and police were found busy in arranging for tight security arrangements. In view of heavy gathering of devotees by late night on Sunday, the officials also ensured the deployment of police and paramilitary forces while traffic diversion also became effective by midnight.As the festival of Mahashivratri had fallen on Monday after a gap of 55 years, as per Hindu calendar Pradosh also fell on the same day and the importance of occasion increased. With the opening of the doors of sanctum sanctorum of Kashi Vishwanath Temple, the entry of devotees started around 4 am on Monday. But, by then, the length of queues of the devotees stretched for several kilometres.The administration had installed barricading from Chhattadwar to Godowlia crossing on one side and from Chhattadwar to Chowk on the other side.However, when the size of queue on Godowlia side stretched up to Dasaswamedh Ghat, the police allowed devotees to queue up from Godowlia point. But, the size of this queue stretched up to Luxa. The devotees standing in this queue had to reach up to Dasaswamedh Ghat from Luxa to return to Godowlia again for turning towards Bansphatak to reach Chhattadwar.A devotee, who was joining this queue, had to wait for minimum three-four hours to reach the KVT. The length of the other queue also continued to stretch up to Maidagin on several occasion.The heavy pressure of devotees could be known by viewing the figures of devotees entered the sanctum sanctorum of KVT. Over 1.50 lakh had already entered the sanctum sanctorum of KVT by 12 noon. In the past years, the mark of one lakh was touched after 2 pm. In view of the massive gathering, district magistrate Ravindra and DIG Ram Kumar issued strict directives not to allow the movement of vehicles of police or VIPs on Maidagin-Godowlia Road.Though the main Shiv Barat was carried out in the evening the small baraats carried out by various mutts and religious groups proved entertainer for the devotees standing in queues for hours. Similar scenes also prevailed at Markandeya Mahadeo Kaithi, Mrityunjaya Mahadeo, Gauri Kedareshwar, Tilbhandeshwar, KVT in Banaras Hindu University premises, Onkareshwar, Shooltankeshwar, Rameshwar, Jageshwar Mahadeo and other prominent temples of Lord Shiva.To mark the occasion, most of the small temples of other deities were also decorated beautifully with flowers and electric bulbs.Maintaining their tradition of carrying out a procession for offering Jalabhishek at the disputed site of Shringar Gauri in highly sensitive Gyanvapi Complex, the Shiv Sena activists also carried out a procession. But their march was stopped at Godowlia Crossing, where the Sena activists were arrested and sent to the Police Lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11972009", "title": "Pug marks confirm tiger in Saranda", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Speculation over the presence of the big cat in the Saranda forest was put to rest, when the Wildlife Institute of India, Dehradun , confirmed the presence of the tiger here recently. The divisional forest officer, K K Tiwary, however, clarified that the institute has not suggested the specific number of tigers. In its preliminary report, the institute confirmed the pug marks that were sent by the forest officials for examination last year.\"The preliminary report has confirmed the presence of a tiger in the Gua area of the forest cover but for further confirmation we need to have visual evidence,\" said Tiwary.In November last year, the forest department traced pug marks beside the carcass of a bison suggesting an attack by a tiger. Thereafter, the pug marks were collected using tracing paper and plaster of Paris and were sent to the Betla Project Tiger office for examination.\"Betla officials sent the pug marks to Dehradun, which examined the evidences and confirmed the pug marks,\" said Tiwary.Since then, the department has been on the lookout for evidence. \"The possibility of tigers straying into the West Singhbhum area from Simplipal cannot be ruled out. So we need visual evidence before we confirm their resident status,\" said Tiwary.He also said since November last there has been no report of animal casualty involving an attack by a tiger or tigress. Saranda, spread over 850 sq km, has about 1,000 cheetals, 300 sambars and 25 bisons, according to the last census. \"Till a few decades ago, there were tigers in Saranda but over the years their number has declined,\" said a forest conservator, adding, \"Saranda was home to wild boars, barking deer and antelope which suggest their predator's (tiger) presence nearby.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11969719", "title": "Centre demystifies Maoists' modus operandi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Decoding the 'mystery' behind Maoists, the Centre has for the first time brought out in open many facts that have hitherto remained in official papers and urged aam aadmis to expose true colours of Red rebels in whatever ways they can, including use of social media like Facebook and twitter.In a document, brought out in the form of frequently asked questions (FAQs) last week, the Union home ministry has classified naxal-hit states into three categories in terms of intensity of the problem and tried to answer a range of nagging queries like presence of women naxal cadres, Maoists' organizational structure and the rebels' motive behind destroying schools.Classifying the Maoist-affected states, the ministry puts four states - Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand , Odisha and Bihar - under the category of 'severely affected', followed by two - West Bengal and Maharashtra - under 'partially affected' and two others - Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh - in the 'slightly affected' bracket.It claims that there is a major improvement in Andhra Pradesh that was earlier considered 'severely affected'. But, Maoists' area of influence is not restricted to these nine states.The ministry points out that some armed cadres of CPI (Maoist) - the largest and most violent naxal group - exist in Karnataka, and they are making incursions into Assam and Arunachal Pradesh that has serious long-term strategic ramifications.In the six-page document, the ministry highlights that Maoists' front organizations are active in 20 states to push ultras' agenda to capture state power through \"a combination of armed insurgency, mass mobilization and strategic alliances\". It also points out that the Red ultras also express their solidarity with the J&K; terrorist groups as part of their \"Strategic United Front\" against Indian state.\"The issue of Maoists' growing influence and the measures being taken by government will be discussed in a meeting of director generals of police and chief secretaries of eight states here on Wednesday,\" said an official.He said the top officials would fine-tune coordination among state police and central police forces and firm up a strategy on how to go after the ultras, who often flee from one state to another after committing a crime.The document explains that Maoists have large number of women cadres because \"many poor adivasi parents (faced with coercion and threats) prefer to part with girl child\" in Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand.\"This inhuman practice by Maoists is the reason behind large number of young girlswomen being present among the Maoist cadres. They are also pushed to the forefront of engagements with the security forces,\" says the document.It also says the much-hyped 'Operation Greenhunt' (against Maoists) does not exist in any record of the home ministry. It explains that the term 'Operation Greenhunt' was used by a Bastar SP in Chhattisgarh for a local operation, but the Maoist propagandists and front organizations, in a masterly strategy, attributed it ad nauseam, to the Central government, conjuring up visions of hapless tribals being targeted by the government machinery.The paper says Maoists had killed as many as 5,467 civilians and destroyed 281 schools from 2001 to 2011. The ministry believes that the schools are attacked by ultras because they don't want tribals to join the mainstream through education that promotes a spirit of enquiry among local population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11970955", "title": "Same school students not to sit together in exams: MPBSE", "text": "BHOPAL: The Board of Secondary Education ( MPBSE) has directed that students from the same schools would not be allowed to sit together in the board exams that starts from March1. The police personnel have also been asked not to frisk and harass the examinees without reason. A circular issued by the board to all examination centres directs that students from the same schools would sit four rows away in the exam hall. Generally, the schools in a radius of 10 km have a common exam centre during exams, depending on the capacity of the school. There are about 3,500 exam centres that have been selected across the state.The Board has also directed that the examinees would not be frisked by the police personnel on duty before the exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "11971061", "title": "Haryana private schools to observe strike on Feb 24", "text": "HISAR: Around 10,000 private schools of Haryana will remain closed on February 24 in protest against the state government's directive to impart free education to 25% below poverty line (BPL) students.\"The government's order is impractical, illogical and unjustifiable. Why should the other 75% bear the burden of 25%?\" Haryana Private Schools Association president Jitendar Singh Lathar said on Monday.He said that to bear the expenses, the schools would have to increase their fees which would be too exorbitant to be afforded by the parents.Lathar said the government should find some solution to resolve the issue and pay the fee of 25% from the state exchequer.\"Instead of providing assistance to the private schools, the government is burdening them to the extent that many of them shall have to face closure,\" he said. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11970825", "title": "Parents seek collector's aid to resolve high fees charged by school", "text": "COIMBATORE: Over 70 parents of students at Amritha Vidya Peetham School in Ettimadai submitted a petition on Monday at the collectorate alleging that the school was charging excess fees for their wards. They alleged that the school management has been persistently charging higher fees than that prescribed by the government, calling them individually in the pretext of offering counselling sessions.\"The school management had raised the fees and demanded donation from us,\" CM Chandra, whose child is studying in lower kindergarten, said. He said as per the fees fixed by the government, the school should charge Rs 6,250 per student, but instead it is charging Rs 15,000, besides a donation of Rs 20,000.When parents requested for a meeting to discuss the issue, the headmistress was not for it. There have been no PTA meetings for the past few months. Muthu Kumar, another parent alleged that the management was intentionally avoiding the meeting. \"My son is studying in class II and his fee has been fixed by the government as Rs 11,600 annually. However, the management is demanding Rs 20,500,\" he said. He claims that the school has asked to pay fees for next year as well. \"When we question the management about the high fees, they tell us that we are free to put our child in another school,\" he added.School principal V Sundari denied charging higher fees from students. \"The school is not charging any additional fees,\" she clarified. She asserted that as per the government norms the schools can charge additional amounts for extra facilities they provide. Sundari further said that the school has to pay high salaries to teachers and other expenses too have gone up. She also said that the school is providing free education to more than 150 students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11974562", "title": "Egyptians launch new campaign \"We're Egypt\" in India", "text": "MUMBAI: The Egyptian Tourism office in Mumbai is launching a new campaign \"We're Egypt\" - which is straight from the heart of the Egyptian people inviting tourists from India to vist and experience the new Egypt.Unveiling the plans this week, Adel El Masry, director of Egyptian Tourism Office, told TOI : \"We want our travelers to know that Egypt is now safe and secure for everyone. For Egypt, Asia-specially India-is one of the most prime tourism market and we are always looking for opportunities to attract tourists and corporates to our country.\" He further stated, \"It gives me immense pleasure and joy to promote the new Egypt post revolution. We are also re-starting our joint campaigns with our travel partner/ operators in India, something which we had kept on hold due to the democratic movement in the country.\"Talking about recovery in tourism sector in Egypt, Magdi Selim, the Under Secretary (Egyptian Tourism Authority) said, \"We regret the loss of innocent people during the recent clash in Egypt. The country faced a lot of political unrest, but the situation has stabilized now and there is revival in tourism. Latest government data shows that tourist inflow has started increasing. Our efforts are focused to make Egypt a safe and secure destination for travelers.\" The ETA has also doubled the tourism budget for India to one million US dollars.\"We have also increased our flights frequency to five flights a week from India. Tourism contributes to Egypt's economy in a big way. Therefore it is critical that the tourism offices the world over gear up to address the concerns of prospective travelers to the country,\" said Selim.Egypt wants to woo both business and leisure travelers to destinations such as Sharm el Sheikh, Alexandria, Cairo , Aswan some of the key attractions are - the Nile Cruise that provides a mystical experience of the world of River Nile with mesmerizing atmosphere of the cruise and delicious authentic food, Tahrir Square which has now become a legendary place to visit, The Suez National Museum which has been recently inaugurated to display artefacts from several archaeological sites of Suez Canal. Egypt has all the ingredients to make a successful holiday destination - good hotels , myriad attractions, sightseeing locales, shopping, entertainment and of course food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh/panchkula/mohali", "code": "11971713", "title": "A bhang-full Shiva darshan at Saketri", "text": "CHANDIGARH/PANCHKULA/MOHALI: It was a Mahashivaratri festival full of bhang gujiyas, pakoras and milk at Saketri Temple in Panchkula, which was being sold at various stalls laid in the Mahashivaratri Mela at the temple. Men, women and even children were seen having bhang at the temple on the occasion including those who were fasting.Sahil Bajwa, a resident of Sector 20, Panchkula, said, \"We come to see the mela every year and always have bhang pakoras as it is auspicious to have it on Mahashivaratri and Holi.\"Rajeshwar Chauhan, a resident of Sector 18, Chandigarh, who visits the temple every year on Mahashivaratri said, \"I come to Saketri every year and have bhang pakoras. On my way back I take some bhang pakoras for my family as well.\"There were also those who bought bhang pakoras out of curiosity to know what happens after consuming it. Richa Sharma, a resident of Sector 12, Panchkula, who had come for darshan at Saketri with her two sisters-in-law and mother, said, \"We had never tried it so we thought of buying some. In other temples its not being sold, but here in the mela they are selling it. We would have them only once we reach home.\"Other than bhang, beautifully decorated temple also stole various glances from the devotees. On the auspicious day, the love for Lord Shiv and devotion, made city residents queue up in long lines before they could catch a glance of Lord Shiva and give offerings. The temple witnessed long queues of devotees since 4am in the morning till late evening.And this was a common sight at every Tricity temple. People from all walks of life and age group lined up patiently waiting for their turn. The temples opened up at 4am and within no time long queues were formed. The pooja time was till 4pm but the rush ended only late in the evening.Dipti Bhatnagar, a resident of Sector 38, Chandigarh, who had queued up in the line at 6am at Sector-38 temple, said, \"I am fasting for Mahashivaratri and had thought that early morning the rush would be less as the temples will be open all day long and people would come after finishing their chores, but here the sight is totally opposite. It has been more than half-an-hour since I have been waiting.\"Even the drizzle did not make people break queues in order to look for shelters, rather they believed that rain on Mahashivaratri is auspicious. Savitri Devi, a 70-year-old resident of Phase VII in Mohali, said, \"On Mahashivaratri, rain is considered to be the blessings of Lord Shiva and who doesn't want to be blessed. And it's not only this time that it's drizzling, you will see the same weather on every Mahashivaratri.\"There were also people who were disappointed as they could not get sufficient time to pray inside the temple. \"We have been waiting in the line for more than an hour and in the end when we reached inside we were continuously asked to finish quickly. What is the point of coming to the temple for darshan if we do not get to do pooja as per rituals,\" said Trishla Verma, a resident of Sector 38, Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11971732", "title": "Mahashivratri: City rejoices on the fesvital", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Sangam city on Monday reverberated with the chants of 'bam bam bhole', 'har har mahadev' and vedic hymns on the occasion of Mahashivratri. Devotees and pilgrims in large numbers thronged the Shiva temples since early morning and offered prayers.The maximum rush was seen at the Mankameshwar, Parila Mahadeo, Hatkeshwarnath, Tarkeshwarnath and Panchmukhi Mahadeo temple where devotees queued up since the wee hours.The devotees offered milk, honey, sugarcane juice, sandalwood paste and leaves of wood apple on shivlingas. As \" Mahashivaratri\" marks the wedding of Lord Shiva with Parvati and thus a very auspicious occasion, people in a large number visiting temples to get their wishes fulfilled,'' said Anirudh Kumar Mishra, city based astrologer.As per Hindu tradition, Shiva-Parvati are considered a perfect couple. Shiva married Parvati seven times in different incarnations. The weddings are solemnised in their names.Other Shiva temples in the city like the Civil Lines too remain crowded with devotees. Many people organised lingabhishek and sringaar of shivlingas also.Shiva Baraat were also taken out in Katra, New Katra and Khuldabad areas. Children wearing colourful attire were the center of attraction and hundreds of devotees chanted bhajans and shloks. Wearing colourful clothes, devotees attended the festivities amid beating of drums and blowing of conch shells.It is said lord Shiva showers blessings on all those who learn by heart him with honest.Meanwhile, lakhs of pilgrims and devotees also took a holy dip at Sangam and further offered prayers to lord shiva.From youngsters to elderly people, from middle aged men to teenage girls, lakhs of of Shiv Bhaktas on Monday gathered at Sangam noz and the entire Sangam noz was reverberated with bam bam bhole.Officials said that additional police forces were deployed at shiva temples during afternoon hours when devotees in a large number assembled to offer prayers. The queue of devotees stretched for almost a kilometre outside Mankameshawar. Women cops in plain dresses were also deployed to check cases of snatching and eve-teasing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11968986", "title": "85-year-old man let off in secrets case after 30 yrs", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has let off an 85-year-old man, who was chargesheeted by CBI three decades ago under Official Secrets Act for procuring a classified document about a government contract for setting up an ammonia plant, after he pleaded guilty.Jawand Singh Khurana, who worked as a liaison assistant with a private firm, pleaded guilty years after he was chargesheeted by CBI under the OSA for procuring the document related to the contract.Four of the seven accused are already dead during the pendency of the trial.Facing trial since 1983, Khurana, earlier, had settled for plea bargaining with the CBI to win his freedom. \"Considering the mutually satisfactory disposition arrived at between the CBI and accused Jawand Singh and in view of the submissions made on the point of sentence, Jawand Singh is hereby fined Rs 5,000 for various offences under Official Secrets Act and IPC,\" said additional sessions judge Kaveri Baweja, while letting off Khurana.While working as a liaison assistant with a private firm in 1979-80, Khurana and six others, including the personal assistant of a director in the department of chemical and fertilizers, then under Union ministry of petroleum, were involved in leakage of a government tender document for setting up of an ammonia plant in India.The CBI case dates back to 1979 when the Centre had given the contract of setting up of ammonia plants at Thal-Vaishet in Maharashtra and Hazira in Gujarat to US-based M/s C F Braun and Company.The CBI had registered the case in March 1981 and its probe found K L Arora, the personal assistant of a director in chemicals and fertilizers department, responsible for leaking out secret information for monetary considerations.Khurana won his freedom after he moved an application for plea bargaining saying he was willing to confess his guilt in exchange for lesser punishment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "11970560", "title": "MLA arrested for misbehaving with woman homeguard out on bail", "text": "KEONJHAR: Keonjhar Sadar BJD MLA Subarna Naik was arrested and later released on bail on Monday. The MLA was arrested for allegedly misbehaving with and attacking a woman home guard on Saturday. He was released on a surety and a bond of Rs 15,000.A case was filed against the MLA by homeguard Kabita Lenka, who alleged that the MLA manhandled her and abused her in slang language when she asked him to park his vehicle away from a crowded place in the daily market.The MLA on the other hand said the allegations are false and that the homeguard misbehaved with a people's representative despite him introducing himself as an MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11970344", "title": "'Cops in connivance with attackers'", "text": "NASHIK: Defeated Samajwadi Party candidate Dilawar Khan Pathan, who was allegedly beaten up by NCP activists on the day of voting for the NMC elections, has accused police officials of being involved in the matter, saying the attack on him was pre-planned and that police officials had connived with his attackers.Pathan had contested the NMC elections from ward no. 26 (B) and was defeated by NCP candidate Sufiya Jin. During voting on Thursday, Pathan was allegedly beaten up by a mob of NCP activists led by Salim Kokani and Siraj Jin. Salim is Sufiya's father-in-law, while Siraj is Sufiya's uncle.Speaking to reporters at a press conference, Pathan said, \"I had been attacked by a mob of NCP activists led by Kokani and Siraj. This attack was pre-planned and in league with assistant police inspector Mathure and head constable Dharam from the Bhadrakali police station.\"\"I was keeping an eye on voting at polling stations at Rahenuma Urdu School at Kazipura, Multanpur and Zarekari Kot areas. There were no barricades within a 200m radius of the polling stations. The poll process was not being carried out as per the norms set by the state election commission. NCP activists and their hooligans were seen taking voters to polling stations by 15 to 16 rickshaws at a time. I had complained to Mathure and Dharam about this, but they ingnored my complaints.\"Pathan added that the NCP activists would run away from the spot when police officials would rush there. He alleged that the cops would stay at the spot only for two-three minutes. \"Kokani and Jin had given me death threats and I had informed the police about this, but they did not take cognizance of it. Afterwards, I was beaten up by a mob of NCP activists led by Kokani and Jin, in which I received head injuries. Instead of taking note of my injuries, Mathure and Dharam took me to the police station,\" Pathan said.Senior police inspector of the Bhadrakali police station Bajirao Bhosale said cops had been patrolling every corner of the ward to ensure that polls were conducted peacefully.\"After we got a call from Pathan, I visited the booth four times and Mathure, whom he has accused, also rushed there and tried to resolve the situation. However, no one apart from Pathan had any objection about the poll process. Since we had to attend every call and listen to every complaint, I was ready to give Pathan two constables for his security, but he refused the same. However, a fight between him and Kokani broke out at around 4.30pm. Since Kokani lodged a complaint against Pathan with us, we had to take action against Pathan. He is apparently offended with the same and making baseless allegations against us,\" said Bhosale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11970057", "title": "Nitish flays Seeds Bill as anti-farmer", "text": "PATNA: Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar today flayed the proposed Seeds Bill, 2011, saying that its provisions were tilted heavily in favour of the multi-national companies and against the interests of the farmers.\"There is no guarantee in the proposed Seeds Bill, 2011, that the seeds produced and marketed by the MNCs will be beneficial to the farmers,\" Kumar said at a function organized to celebrate the 123rd birth anniversary of the Swami Shahjanand. There were also no provision in the proposed seeds bill for compensation by the central government or the MNCs to the farmers in the event of loss of crop due to poor quality of seeds, Kumar said. Demanding that the Centre should bring in provisions in the proposed Seeds Bill, 2011, mandating the MNCs to compensate the farmers for their crop loss on account of seeds, the chief minister urged the parliamentarians not to pass the bill in its present form.Stating that the MNCs producing and marketing farm seeds should not be trusted about their quality on face value, Kumar said there was an instance in Bihar last year when the farmers suffered losses in cultivation of maize by using seeds of the MNCs as those did not flower at all.Since there was no legislation to mandate the MNCs to compensate the farmers for the crop loss, the state government had to pay Rs 61,000 crore as compensation to the farmers at the rate of Rs 10,000 per acre, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11964252", "title": "Will Madhuri go on a date with Ranbir?", "text": "While Madhuri Dixit was still in the US, Ranbir Kapoor had revealed stories of his long time crush on the actress in various interviews.\"Madhuri Dixit was my first crush. I like her. I think I am her biggest fan. I would love to take her out on a date, if she permits me\" were Ranbir's words whenever he'd discuss his early celebrity crushes.Madhuri too had reciprocated Ranbir's admiration for her by saying, \"Ranbir is a great actor. I liked his performance in Rockstar.\"However, what about dating Ranbir!Times of India.com asked Madhuri Dixit on the Filmfare red carpet if she'd accept Ranbir's date proposal.A rather blushing Madhuri, shyly answered, \"You must ask this question to my husband.\"Hubby Dr Shriram Nene who all this while looked on with a smile, added \"Well, I have no problem.\"It was also rumoured that filmmaker Prakash Jha had an unconventional love story planned with the two in mind. Lets hope the two actors get together onscreen if not for a date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11962869", "title": "Vidya Balan's baby bump?", "text": "Vidya Balan will be sporting a faux baby bump for promotions of her upcoming film Kahaani.If you spot Vidya Balan with a baby bump at any market or local place, don't be surprised by the sudden change. The actress is sporting this new look for the promotions of her forthcoming film.Vidya Balan is on a mission and her mission is now to promote her next film Kahaani. After bagging awards and compliments for The Dirty Picture , Vidya is all set for Sujoy Ghosh's forthcoming film Kahaani.We heard the actress will be seen in her character avatar of a pregnant woman everywhere during the promotions. Makers of Kahaani have come up with this new promotional tactic where the actress will visit cities in her Kahaani avatar. Vidya will be seen at local places of different cities.Apart from that she is making cameos in tele-soaps and shows where she flaunts her baby bump. It can be recalled that before this Vidya sported her onscreen look of Ishqiya, Paa and The Dirty Pictures to promote her respective films.It won't be wrong to say that Vidya Balan is 'expecting' Kahaani to be her next big hit!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11970968", "title": "Low-floor bus staffers\u2019 misbehaviour on rise", "text": "BHOPAL: Commuting by the low-floor buses is becoming a horrific experience for the passengers, especially the women commuters, due to the rude behaviour by the drivers and conductors.These city buses are operated by the Bhopal Municipal Corporation and Prasana Purple Bus Services under the public private partnership model.Commuters complain that the conductors of the low-floor buses are charging more than the fixed fares by the authorities. If the commuters question the overcharging, the conductors start misbehaving with them, allege the daily commuters.\"The conductors of the low-floor buses are very rude, especially with the female commuters. At times, even after we pay them, they do not issue tickets,\" Yogita Singh, a regular commuter in the Purple bus and a resident of Trilanga, said.Passengers also allege that the drivers often do not stop the buses at the respective stops. \"The bus staff expect that we get down from the slow-moving bus. They do not stop the bus completely facilitating us to get down safely. When we protest, they start fighting with us,\" Sarita Sharma, another daily commuter from New Market alleged.A few days back, Reema Chouhan, a hapless commuter, had lodged a complaint against a bus conductor identified as Chandra Prakash (bus number MP04PA1036) regarding his misbehaviour with her, but in vain.\"I had given him Rs 100 currency to travel from Barkatulla University to DB mall. The fare is Rs 7. He said he did not have change and promised me to return the balance of Rs 93 later. When my stop neared, I was asking for the balance amount, but he did not listen. He returned the balance amount after a fight with me,\" Reema said.\"We are not aware of any such happening,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastav said. \"We will ask the Prasana Purple bus services to probe into this matter right away,\" he added.\"We have sent a team of 28 officials to probe the complaints against the bus staff,\" Sanjeev Khare, GM, Prasana Purple Bus Services said. If such issues really persisted, strict actions would be taken against the employees, he added.Presently, there are 110 buses running in six routes across the city between 5.40 am and 11.40 pm. Four of the buses are plying only for ladies in different routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11969546", "title": "Kingfisher services from city remain partly affected", "text": "PUNE: Kingfisher Airline's flight services from the city's Lohegaon airport remained partly affected and two flights were cancelled on Monday.The private airline, which finds itself in a financial mess, has curtailed several flights, especially those from Mumbai and Delhi to other destinations in the last two days.A senior Airports Authority India (AAI) official in Pune told TOI, \"Kingfisher's Delhi-Pune-Delhi flight (IT-158/157), which has not been operating for the last few days, did not operate today either. Its late evening flight on the Pune-Chennai route has also been cancelled.\"A senior member of Kingfisher's airport staff confirmed the cancellation of the Chennai flight. However, the staffer insisted that there were no other cancellations.Travel agents in the city are wary about taking any fresh bookings for Kingfisher flights in the wake of the ongoing uncertainties concerning the airlines flight operations.\"We are all following the developments relating to Kingfisher Airline's troubles with the income tax authorities after the latter froze the airline's accounts,\" said Amarjit Lidder, who heads the Pune chapter of the Travel Agents Association of India (TAAI).\"As of now, the airline is not doing any fresh bookings and we too are not taking any bookings for the next 15 days. We hope the situation becomes clear soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11970329", "title": "First-timers, women to rule civic body", "text": "NASHIK: With more than 50 per cent of the elected corporators being first-timers and women, it is going to be a new-look house for the Nashik Municipal Corporation. The 50 per cent reservation for women in most government bodies has been one of the reasons for the increase in their representation, while the emergence of MNS as the single largest party ensured that many newcomers made it to the house.In total, there are 65 first-timers who will be entering the civic body as elected corporators, with MNS sending 32 new faces. Of these 65 first-timers, there are 38 women with MNS again sending the largest contingent of 19.This year's elections were fought on prabhag system or multi-member ward system, with each prabhag electing two members. The strength of the house increased to 122 from 108.\"Earlier, politics was confined to men. The reservation has forced men to create space for women. This time there could be many who are being controlled by their husbands. But we are sure in the next term, many women will be on their own,\" said Deepali Kulkarni, who was elected from ward number 40 on a MNS ticket. She said her priority will be public and personal cleanliness across the ward.Manisha Hekre, who got elected from ward number 7 (A) on Shiv Sena ticket, said that she never dreamt about getting elected to the House. It was on her husband's goading that she entered the fray and emerged victorious. \"I will be guided by my husband,\" Manisha, a housewife, said.For 69-year-old Usha Ahire from ward number 21 (A), it was her sons working in the NMC and income tax offices who pushed her to contest the elections. Usha, who won on a NCP ticket, has been doing some social work for the people of her area. \"I know the needs of the people here. I will now be able to work better with some powers in my hand. Now ladies in my ward will not have to beg for getting things done for them on time,\" she said.A science graduate, Samina Memon made it to the house on a Congress ticket from ward number 26 (A). \"This is a great opportunity for the women from our community to step out and work for the betterment of the citizens. The women and children need better attention towards their health and it has huge scope in my ward,\" said Samina, whose husband has been an active member of the Congress.For Savita Dalwani, it was a chance to emerge out of the shadow of her businessman husband that made her contest the polls. Savita, who had been helping her husband, wanted to come out on her own.\"Women's safety and security are some of the major concerns of my areas. It has become impossible for women to move around freely. Though I am aware that NMC and law and order do not go hand-in-hand, I plan to use my office to get the young women together, organise awareness camps and drives for society and even carry out some activities on self-defence,\" said Savita, a corporator from ward number 56 (B).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11971524", "title": "'Oneness inside will lead oneness outside'", "text": "NAGPUR: \"The world is becoming increasingly diversified, there is a need for people to come together, and feel one while respecting each one's uniqueness, which will ultimately lead to world peace,\" said Dr Yugandhar, secretary, The World United, Hyderabad.He was speaking at Spirituality - An Unending Quest for the Living Spirit, a seminar held as the pre-World Parliament on Spirituality event. The parliament is going to be held at Hyderabad in December.Dr Yugandhar said that all human beings are united in heart but are separated by their mind. And this is where spirituality comes in. Spirituality connects us with our own selves and leads to the formation of a wholesome human being. \"And oneness inside will lead to oneness outside,\" he said.He further said, \"Spirituality is consciousness of soul. Each cell of our body has consciousness and for each cell the whole human body is God. Even though each cell is different they come together in a coordinated way and make the body work. When there is no connect between them, we suffer illness. Humanity is same. Each of us is a single cell and we should come together in order to maintain the cosmic balance.\"Retired Supreme Court judge Vikas Sirpurkar said that spirituality is a quest to know our own selves. Quoting Aurobindo Ghose he said, \"When you understand yourself, spirituality comes automatically.\" He also said that Nagpur would prove an apt and perfect venue for the next World Parliament on Spirituality.The seminar was organised jointly by the Integrated Healing Forum (IHF) and University Women's Association Nagpur (UWAN). Dr Ved Prakash Mishra, pro-chncellor, Datta Meghe Institute of Medical Sciences and the chief advisor of IHF said that we should aim to be integrated with the cosmic soul and that \"Concentration of mind is the biggest challenge for spirituality.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "baruipara (hooghly)", "code": "11970021", "title": "Stir in Hooghly hits train services", "text": "BARUIPARA (HOOGHLY): An eight-hour agitation by vegetable vendors and locals at Baruipara station (about 34km from Kolkata) in Hooghly on Monday disrupted services in the Howrah-Burdwan chord line section.The trouble erupted over extension of a Baruipara Local to Gurap (32 km from Baruipara towards Burdwan). Several important trains, including the Howrah and Sealdah Rajdhani and Duronto Expresses pass through this stretch.As many as 19 trains, including two long-distance ones, were held up for several hours at stations. Eastern Railway was forced to cancel the Howrah-Dhanbad Double Decker Express and the Santiniketan Expressdue to the agitation, resulting in tremendous trouble for passengers. Finally, police had to lathicharge to disperse the mob. Services finally resumed at 4.30pm.The trouble erupted over extension of a Baruipara local to Gurap (32 km from Baruipara towards Burdwan) by the railways.The decision to extend the route was taken a few days ago by the railways after due consultation with passengers' associations. On Sunday, it was publicly announced that the local train which left Baruipara for Howrah at 7.47am would henceforth start from Gurap. Notices were also published in newspapers.On Monday, however, a large number of people, including several hundred vendors, reached the station before 7.47am but found no rake waiting for them. They were then told that the train would come from get there fromGurap as it had been extended. The crowd, however, claimed that they had no clue of the change in schedule and then squatted on the tracks. After a while, GRP personnel reached the spot and arrested Tukai Pakhira for inciting the mob.\"At this, the number of squatters nearly doubled and they started ransacking the booking counters and other offices.People from nearby villages turned up to watch the show and ended up joining the squatters,\" an ER official said. Pranab Banerjee of the passengers' association alleged that the vendors were incited by some Citu leaders. \"There was nothing spontaneous about the agitation,\" he said. ER Chief PRO Samir Goswami said the demand to extend the train to Gurap was an old one and all efforts had been made to inform commuters. \"Fortunately, we managed to bring in the Rajdhani Expresses to Howrah and Sealdah via Bandel. We had to cancel two trains though. We also short-terminated a number of local trains,\" he said.More than eight hours after the agitation started, authorities tried to reason with the squatters for one more time. When all efforts failed, the police were called in and they resorted to lathicharge to disperse the mob. Train services finally resumed in the section around 4.30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11970492", "title": "They left without laptops!", "text": "KOCHI: No burglar worth his savvy would break into a Dell computer shop at 2 in the morning, wink at the dozens of Dell Inspiron laptops stacked up and leave taking only the petty cash at the counter. However, that's exactly what the burglars who broke into the shop in Palarivattom did, leaving both police and the shop owners wondering what their real intentions were.Sinto John, owner of Dell computer showroom, said he had been surprised to see the robbers taking away only hard cash of less than Rs 2000 from his shop. \"There were laptops, desktops and other computer accessories worth more than Rs 3.5 lakh in the shop. But they took only the money that remained in the safe after a late night sale,\" said Sinto.The mode of operation has also left police officials guessing. They, however, believe the gang has got adequate training in breaking in.\"It looks like they have received some kind of training in breaking in, or have conducted some practice sessions. It is also surprising the way they left without taking any valuables from the 16 shops they broke into,\" said Premachandran, a security guard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11970259", "title": "CM: Narada tale didn't refer to BSY", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda on Monday said his narration of the Narada anecdote at a function in Tumkur on Sunday was not directed at former CM B S Yeddyurappa.In a statement, the CM's office said Gowda indeed narrated the anecdote of Narada Muni carrying a bowl of oil across 14 lokas following an argument with Narayana. \"The point the CM was making was that Narada was so interested in carefully carrying the oil bowl without spilling a drop that during the process, he even forgot the all-important 'bhakti bhava' of chanting the name of Narayana even once,'' it pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11971341", "title": "Deadline looms large at parties and for eateries", "text": "PUNE: Stringent deadlines are a grouse. They surface every time one talks about Pune's nightlife. Urbanites in eight mega-cities interviewed for The Times Of India-IMRB Quality Of Life Survey ranked Pune third for its night-life options.Pune secured an average rating of 2.7 on a scale of 1 to 5, losing out to Mumbai and Kolkata, but faring better than Delhi, Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Chennai. Stringent deadlines dictating eateries and pubs to shut before midnight; a total absence of 'safe' eateries where women could eat or socialize late in the night and concentration of most clubs in one area of the city resonated through most observations.President of Pune Restaurant and Hoteliers Association, Ganesh Shetty, said that 95 % of the eateries shut by 12.30 am. \"No customer is allowed to enter the restaurant after 11.30 pm. During Christmas and New Year's especially between December 20 to 31, tourists and professionals want to stay out till late in the night, but time restrictions make that impossible. Pune is devoid of entertainment after the 11.30 deadline,\" he added. Which is why Pune lags behind Mumbai. Eateries in Mumbai can remain open till 1.30 am. The situation is insufferable for people who work till late in the night as they find no eatery open once they get off their shifts.MBA aspirant Rashmi Shah said, \"I was working part-time with an event management company where events would continue till late in the night. After work, I would not have a single eatery to go to. There are some restaurants that remain open beyond midnight, but are unsafe for girls.\"Conversely, DJ Tally, a disc-jockey who performs at several high-end clubs in the city, feels that Pune has come a long way in terms of its music collection.\"The music played in popular places here can now be compared to that played in Mumbai and Bangalore. Rock and metal bands playing at parties have multiplied tenfold, and so have the DJ's. Pune is open to new concepts such as Halloween parties,\" he said College student Abbas Patwa said a few eateries remain open beyond the customary 12.30 am deadline, but are unsafe.\"Some places are open, but not many people know about them. They are certainly not safe for women,\" he said.BPO employee Raji Nair who gets off work between 11 pm and 4 am.\"The only place I can eat after work is the lounge at the nearest five-star hotel. Places outside the railway station are unhygienic and chaotic. One would not want to go there after a hard day's work. But visiting a five-star hotel daily for meals or coffee is also impractical and expensive,\" said Nair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11969966", "title": "Youth hacks mother to death in public glare at bus stand", "text": "MADURAI: A 40-year-old woman, working as a conservancy staff in the Madurai city corporation, was brutally hacked to death early in the morning allegedly by her own son, who committed the crime with the help of his friends.Police said that an armed gang attacked the woman near the busy Arapalayam bus stand on Monday morning and fled the place. Police suspect that an alleged extra-marital affair of the deceased had infuriated the son to murder her. A hunt is on to nab the accused.Police said that Manjula, a resident of Manjalmettu Colony near Arapalayam got the job of a conservancy worker in the city corporation eight years ago, after her husband Karuppiah, who held that job, died. Manjula had two sons Pandithurai (25) and Balaganesh (19) and two daughters. While one of the daughters was married, the remaining three were living with her.However, in the past few months, she allegedly developed an affair with Manickam, another conservancy worker residing in the same locality. Manickam used to visit Manjula's house frequently, which infuriated Pandithurai and Balaganesh. The two picked up frequent quarrels with Manjula and recently, they left the house and were staying separately.It was in this backdrop that Manjula was walking near Arapalayam bus stand at around 6am on her way to work, when a gang attacked her from behind, with a sharp weapon. As Manjula collapsed to the ground, the culprits slit her throat leaving the woman dead in a pool of blood even as shocked public watched helplessly. The gang then fled from the spot.Public informed the police and soon senior officials rushed to the spot and conducted investigations. Preliminary inquiries have revealed that the murder could have been the handiwork of the woman's second son, Balaganesh.\"We have sent a team to nab the boy. We suspect that he might have planned and executed the murder. Only after his arrest more information about the members of the gang would be known,\" police said.However, police are not ruling out other possibilities and are probing Manickam as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11969590", "title": "Navin Patnaik, Nitish Kumar ask PM to consult with states ahead of NCTC rollout on March 1", "text": "NEW DELHI: Persisting with their opposition to the jurisdiction conferred on the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC), chief ministers of Odisha and Bihar, Navin Patnaik and Nitish Kumar , respectively, on Monday told the Centre not to go ahead with the launch of the anti-terror agency on March 1 without holding consultations with states.In his second letter to the PM on the issue, Patnaik said that the Centre should urgently hold consultations with states. \"I request you to urgently initiate the process of consultation with the states. The order (for NCTC's launch), with modifications as necessary, should come into force only after due consultation with us,\" he wrote.According to agency reports, Kumar took a tougher line. Referring to the objections raised by CMs that the provision empowering the NCTC to make arrests, carry out searches and seizures, and ask for information from any agency infringed the rights of states, the Bihar CM said, \"Won't you agree the suggestion that the government of India must re-examine the whole issue and ensure that the order is suitably modified to take care of the states' genuine concerns.\"Patnaik emphasized that his primary grouse was against the unilateral manner in which the NCTC was set up. It was interpreted that the Odisha CM, who played a key role in rallying other CMs around the resistance to the NCTC, may not be hostile to the concept of having a central body that is billed to be the nation's chief anti-terror agency.Although Patnaik seemed to lament that the PM had not yet responded to his first letter and slipped in a reference to the suspension of democratic rights during the Emergency, the tone of his second letter appeared conciliatory and focused on emphasizing the commonalities. \"Let me make it clear that terrorism and extremism are scourges which need to be fought by the nation in a united manner. I strongly oppose terrorism and extremism in any form and have always been with the Central government in fighting against them. My primary objection to the NCTC is the high-handed manner in which government of India has tried to address such an important issue. Prior consultation with the states would have greatly strengthened the process of national security in which our aims are identical,\" said Patnaik.Odhisa CM also rebutted the charge that CMs by opposing NCTC had \"politicized the campaign against terror\". \"As the chief minister of Odisha and a citizen of India, the security of the nation is my prime concern as I am sure it is of all the CMs in our country,\" he wrote.He also said that the contentious provisions vested in the NCTC \"does not have legitimacy in the absence of consultations with the state governments for incorporating their views on such a critical subject\". He added, \"One has to ensure that such orders never translate into the suppression of democratic rights as happened in our country during the Emergency period of the 1970s.\"Although Kumar also called for consultations, his letter to the PM was marked by the insistence that there ought to be a change in the notification of setting up the NCTC since it marked an encroachment on the power of states. He questioned the rationale of NCTC. \"We all are together in the fight against terrorism. The states have always cooperated with the Centre. What has then warranted the setting up of such centres,\" he argued.\"The makers of our Constitution have very clearly mentioned about the rights and responsibilities of the states. It will not be judicious to transgress the limitations in the Constitution,\" Kumar said, asking the Centre to explain as to whether there was any state in the country that had not cooperated in tackling terrorism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "thondangi (east godavari)", "code": "11968533", "title": "Storm clouds gather over Kakinada SEZ", "text": "THONDANGI (EAST GODAVARI): The anti-Kakinada Special Economic Zone (SEZ) sentiment is smouldering. The sense one gets in this mandal is that the villagers, particularly youth, are not going to be cowed down by arrests at the crack of dawn and police threats as they look to intensify their struggle against a project which, they believe, would spell their doom.The youth, a majority of whom are graduates, are planning to launch a Sompeta-like stir by bringing together people of Thondangi and Uppada Kottapalli mandals. \"We will sensitize people, launch awareness campaigns and even resort to a militant struggle against the KSEZ management and government if we have to,\" protestor K Rambabu said.The unrest among people in more than 30 affected villages is palpable with residents seething at the government's bid to evict farmers and close wells and canals to push the project.\"The government is in cahoots with KSEZ management and together they have been trying to evict farmers despite court orders, issuing GOs that are in violation of judicial directives,\" anti-KSEZ agitation convenor Chitna Suryanarayna Murthy told TOI.With protestors taking out rallies and conducting dharnas demanding that the SEZ project be scrapped, police have been kept busy, registering 450 cases so far against the agitators. \"Police harassment of agitators has become a regular feature. They are even deploying plainclothes cops to terrorize the youth,\" Chandaka Veera Babu, one of the protestors, said.The villagers said that people belonging to the SC community in Uppada Kottapalli mandal had been evicted after being threatened with dire consequences for their continued participation in the agitation. Some 1,200 acres in Ramanakkapeta and Ponnada villages, 500 acres in Bucchireddypalem and another 500 acres in Chodipalli villages have been identified for the first phase of SEZ development.The project, a port-based multi-product SEZ which took shape in 2005, envisages development of more than 10,500 acres in Thondangi and Uppada Kottapalli mandals. Protestors allege that half of the land was purchased illegally by paying Rs 3 lakh per acre by KV Rao, the SEZ promoter. Promoters said that Rs 40,000 crore in investments would be pumped into the SEZ to set up industries like oil refinery, power plants, garments and machinery manufacturing units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "11970819", "title": "Nilgiris residents get induction stoves instead of table fans under freebie scheme", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Considering the cold climate in Nilgiris District, induction stoves were distributed instead of table fans, under the government freebies scheme that was launched in on Monday by Tamil Nadu agriculture minister S Dhamodharan in Ooty.About 8316 beneficiaries from three taluks, Ooty, Coonoor and Pandalur, were given free induction stoves along with grinder and food mixer. Beneficiaries who did not get the induction stove will be provided with it soon.According to Damodharan, district representatives explained to the chief minister that table fans would be of no use to residents in Nilgiris district due to the cold climate. \"Subsequently, the chief minister passed an order to distribute induction stoves instead of table fans,\" he said.According to the Nilgiri District Collector, Archana Patnaik, about 29,000 beneficiaries will be given the set of freebies that include a grinder, a food mixer and an induction stove within this financial year. \"There are six service centers located in the six taluks in the Nilgiris for servicing the given products. Beneficiaries can make use of the service centers when the need arises,\" Patnaik said.Beneficiaries were pleased about the induction stoves as cooking gas is very expensive. While most other districts in the state are suffering from unscheduled power cuts, there are no outages in the Nilgiris district.According to TNEB officials, power consumption in the Nilgiris district is comparatively low. This is because fans, ACs and fridges are rarely used in the hills. In addition, industrial consumption is low because only private and cooperative tea factories are situated in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11971131", "title": "\u2018Denied\u2019 salary, doctor turns to HRC", "text": "INDORE: Refusing to bow to wishes of high and mighty may land a person in a tight situation. A government doctor posted at a primary health centre is learning it the hard way. The trouble began with withholding salary, a criminal case against him and now refusing him permission to participate in a training programme.Unable to bear the financial hardship any more, Dr Pankaj Srivastava, posted in the PHC Mohna in Khandwa district, approached the Madhya Pradesh Human Right Commission ( MPHRC) on Saturday to seek justice. He claims he has not received salary from August 2010 and he is now managing expenses with the help of his relatives. Dr Srivastva asserted that he was paying price for refusing to accept wishes of local BJP MLA Lokendra Singh Tomar and CMHO Dr Lakshmi Baghel. They, the doctor alleged, wanted him to cook up a figure under a scheme of the NHRM.The MLA also filed a complaint with health commissioner J N Kansotia against the doctor alleging that eight patients had died for want of treatment owing to the absence of Dr Srivastava at the PHC at the time. In his application, he also claimed that Dr Srivastava did not work at the PHC and some other person signed at his place.Kansotia reportedly directed the then district collector DD Agrawal to look into the issue. Following the collector's order, SDM BM Kaul investigated the issue.Though nothing came out against the doctor in the probe, Dr Srivastava was not paid the salary. Now, he is managing to show his attendance through the district collector.When he approached health minister Narottam Mishra for justice he assured him help. Later, he alleged that the minister threw his file due to the CMHO Baghel's proximity to a minister from the state. The doctor said he has not received an official letter despite his transfer to Alirajpur.Alirajpur CMHO is Dr S S Baghel, the brother of his present CMHO, he said he smelled a conspiracy in it.When asked, CMHO Dr Baghel accused Dr Pankaj Srivastava of telling a lie. She alleged Dr Srivastava of absent from duty from February.The health minister could not be contacted despite repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11968895", "title": "Hotel's bottle pricing doesn't hold water", "text": "MUMBAI: Paying heed to a problem faced by many consumers who are overcharged for packaged drinking water, the state consumer commission, upholding a forum order, has reprimanded a hotel for charging Rs 25 instead of Rs 15 for a one-litre bottle. The commission refuted the defence that the bottle was specially packed for Kamat Hotels.Calling the charge exorbitant and unconscionable, the commission said the stamping 'Specially packed for Kamat Hotel' was misleading and misrepresenting since the water had no link with quality, quantity, purity, service or any other special warranties other than the ones available with Oxyrich-packed bottles available for Rs 15 elsewhere.Kamat Hotels run a hotel near Panvel on the Mumbai-Goa Highway. On January 23, 2009, while traveling for business, the complainant, Pralhad Padalikarpune, stopped at the hotel, along with his friend and driver. They bought snacks, tea and a bottle of Oxyrich, which, Padalikarpune noticed, cost Rs 25. In his complaint to the consumer forum he said that since he frequently travelled on business, he knew that a one-litre bottle of the same brand was available elsewhere for Rs 15.In May 2009, the forum directed the hotel and the manufacturer, Dhariwal Industries Ltd, not to sell bottled water at the hotel at a price more than what it was available for elsewhere in the market.The hotel submitted that it had not committed deficiency of service or engaged in any type of restrictive trade practice. The manufacturer contended that it had the right to fix the price of its products and pricing could not be subjected to consumer dispute.\"It is a case of selling the bottle at much higher price, which is unconscionable conduct, just to exploit the consumer,\" the commission said, dismissing the appeals.The commission refuted the defence and said that neither came with a case that the 'Oxyrich' bottle made available in the hotel had any distinguishable features in terms of quality, purity, quantity or any special treatment during manufacturing process which may justify charging higher price).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11968460", "title": "Ex-MP knocks HC doors for pension", "text": "HYDERABAD: Kanety Mohan Rao, one of the members of the first Lok Sabha during 1952- 1957, is now knocking the doors of the AP High Court for revised pension. Mohan Rao, 87, was elected MP from the Rajahmundry constituency.Though the pension of former MPs has now gone up to Rs 20,000 per month, only Rs 1,400 is being credited to the Andhra Bank account of the octogenarian. When it was Rs 300, he received the pension through the treasury department. Though it was enhanced to Rs 1,400 in 1982, he continued to get only Rs 300 for a long time. But things got better when the government started paying pension directly into the account of the MP. But he never got his pension regularly, said Mohan Rao in his petition.In spite of the amendments brought to the Act that governs the pensions of Parliament members and the enhancement of the monthly pension, only Rs 1,400 is being credited to his account at Tallarevu branch in East Godavari, the former MP lamented. His counsel VVLN Sarma told TOI that the former MP was now in a pathetic condition unable to make ends meet. The matter was posted to next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11970352", "title": "NCP workers to meet deputy CM", "text": "NASHIK: With 222 Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) workers resigning following city chief Gajanan Shelar's resignation from his post on Saturday, the party is struggling to maintain its balance. In a meeting of NCP party workers on Monday morning it was decided that they will meet deputy CM Ajit Pawar and other leaders on Tuesday in this regard.Around 100 party workers who had gathered at the city party headquarters said they were going to meet the deputy CM to inform him about the reasons for the resignations. \"We will work for the party but as party workers,\" said a senior NCP worker.Shelar's supporters said they were fed up of dirty politics by some people at the Bhujbal Farm. \"Criminals are supported and shielded by people at Bhujbal Farm without guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal's knowledge. That is why we are giving up our designations,\" said a party worker from the youth wing. Shelar said he was also resigning because under his leadership, NCP didn't win as many seats as expected. \"We respect our leaders Sharad Pawar and Chhagan Bhujbal . We have no grievances against them and will continue our service with dedication in the interests of the party. Whatever decision the party leaders take, we will accept,\" said Shelar.\"We all want Ganjanan Shelar to be the city chief of the NCP. In the meeting, everyone was of the opinion that we cannot get a better chief than him and that under his leadership, the party has done quite well all these years,\" said Nandan Bhaskare, secretary of the Maharashtra pradesh rashtravadi vidyarthi sena. NCP party workers said they will meet the party bigwigs to let them know about their decisions and opinions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11970487", "title": "MLA's supporters hurl bombs at police vehicle", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Dhenkanal MLA Nabin Nanda landed in trouble after some of his supporters on Monday hurled crude bombs at a police vehicle, injuring two constables. Police said they would register a case against Nanda and also seek the Assembly Speaker's permission to arrest him.While repolling was being held in 69 wards, including two wards at Nihal Prasad in Dhenkanal, in 19 blocks of 11 districts, NCP legislator Nanda alleged that some of his political adversaries had attacked him, his son and his PSO. \"Some men at the behest of BJD's zilla parishad candidate attacked us at Nihal Prasad, injuring my son and damaging my vehicle,\" he told a private news channel.However, SP (Dhenkanal) Satish Gajbhiye had a different take. \"Nanda came to the police station, but despite repeated requests did not file an FIR. He apparently wanted to buy time so that the polling could end. After voting was over, some of his acolytes, including Nanda Nayak, Ananda Nayak (both sons of a defeated zilla parishad candidate Kailash Nayak) blocked the road at Tingua Square between Nihal Prasad and Dhenkanal,\" Gajbhiye told TOI.The SP said when the SDPO B N Dandapat rushed to Tingua Square, Nanda's supporters hurled petrol bombs at his vehicle from the rear side. \"They possibly thought that the ballot boxes were in the vehicle and wanted to damage those so that elections could be countermanded. Two constables, Hemant Sahu and Subrat Nayak, who were sitting on the rear side of the vehicle were badly injured,\" Gajbhiye said. He added the injured have been shifted to SCB Medical College and Hospital, Cuttack.The SP said a case would be registered against Nanda and his supporters at Nihal Prasad police station on charges of conspiracy, attempt to murder, hindering the election process and obstructing official machinery.Nanda was unavailable to comment on the police allegations. But his party leader and Badchanda MLA Amar Satpathy condemned the police action. \"Police activities are there for anyone to see and understand,\" Satpathy said.Gajbhiye said apprehending attack from Nanda's men police had to take a detour through Chandikhol and Sukinda to carry the ballot boxes from Nihal Prasad to Dhenkanal.On Nanda's claim that his son was attacked, Gajbhiye said in the past Nanda's men have come to police stations with similar complaints, but when their bandages were opened no injury was found. \"If what Nanda is claiming is true, what prevented him from filing an FIR? Moreover, why did he want to enter the booth where he has absolutely no role?\" asked the SP.The Nanda episode overshadowed the end of the polling process, including repolling in 309 wards, for the three-tier panchayat polls. The State Election Commission said the average voters' turnout in the state during the five-phased rural elections was 74%. In the Maoist-hit districts also the average was recorded at around 70%, a SEC release said, describing the overall elections as \"peaceful\". Results for sarpanch and ward members will be officially declared on February 21, while those for panchayat samiti members and zilla parishad members on February 22. Elections for block chairperson will be held on March 11, while zilla parishad president elections will be on March 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11969870", "title": "KVV to hold Kannada meet", "text": "DHARWAD: Karnataka Vidyavardhaka Sangha will organize the second All India non-resident Kannadigas' meet at Kashi in Varanasi on February 25 and 26. The meet to be held at Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeetha in Varanasi will have sessions on art, literature, culture and relation between Karnataka and Kannadigas residing outside Karnataka.Chandrashekhar Shivacharya Swamy of Jangamavadi Mutt in Kashi will grace the inaugural session on Saturday, while chief justice of Odisha Justice V Gopal Gowda will inaugurate the meet.Minister for naw and parliamentary affairs Suresh Kumar will release the souvenir. Former ministers H K Patil, PGR Sindhia, writer B A Sanadi, SM Vrushabhendra Swamy, Giraddi Govindraj, president of Mumbai Karnataka Sangha Bharatkumar Polipo and others will participate in the two-day meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11971588", "title": "Insurance firm to pay for unclear investment clauses", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The confusion between the customer and an insurance company over the clauses of the investment scheme resulted in the company having to pay a heavy fine to the customer.When complainant Charan Kamal Kaur bought a unit linked policy from Aviva Life Insurance company in 2006, she had expected to garner good profit at the term end. She said the firm had informed her it was a single premium policy where she was required to pay a one-time premium of Rs 6 lakh for a lock-in period of three years. \"I was also assured on the commencement of policy's fourth year, I would be entitled to get the maturity value depending on the market fluctuation,\" said Kaur.Trusting the insurance company she invested Rs 6 lakh as a single premium. But, during the fourth year, she was informed the policy had lapsed without any value and she wasn't entitled to get even a single penny.\"Left with no other alternative, I sought the refund of Rs 6 lakh in July, 2010. But, they told me it wasn't a single premium policy and accused me of flouting the norms,\" said Kaur. She added the firm did not send any notice to her during the three years. \"It clearly amounts to deficiency in service and unfair trade practice on their part,\" she said. Thereafter, the complainant approached the district consumer disputes redressal forum in Chandigarh. In its reply to the forum, the insurance firm said the complainant was explained all conditions of the policy. The firm said no person would deposit such a huge amount without being fully satisfied with the investment conditions. Their claim was that a minimum of three installments (annual) are required to be paid to become eligible for the maturity amount.The forum, after listening to the arguments, directed the insurance company to pay the entire deposited amount, after deducting necessary charges (if any), at the current market price. Besides, the forum directed the firm to pay Rs 60,000 to the complainant as cost of litigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11970357", "title": "Teams from south win big at police meet", "text": "NASHIK: Police teams from Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka stood victorious in the scientific aid to investigation competition at the all India police duty meet ( AIPDM) currently underway at the Maharashtra Police Academy on Trimbak Road. This competition was held in the categories of forensic science (written) and crime investigation, criminal laws, rules of procedures and court judgements (written).In the scientific aid to investigation competition - forensic science (written), inspector Pratap Devnaboina of Andhra Pradesh won the gold medal, inspector M Shivanupandiyan of Tamil Nadu won the silver and inspector Laxmikant Gunday of Karnataka, won bronze.In the crime investigation, criminal laws, rules and procedures and court judgements (written) competition, inspector Tirupatirao Tula of Andhra Pradesh won gold, inspector N Geeta of Tamil Nadu won silver and inspector M Shivanupandiyan of Tamil Nadu won bronze.The winners were presented gold medals by Special Inspector General, CID, Pune, Madhavrao Karve and Sanjay Barve, Director, Maharashtra Police Academy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11975548", "title": "No wedding for Kristen Bell", "text": "Actress Kristen Bell says she will not walk down the aisle with beau Dax Shepard until gay marriage is legalised.The star joins actors like Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie , who have also vowed not to tie the knot until everyone else had the right to do so.\"I get a ton of questions about when Dax and I are getting married, and starting a family. I usually just blow them off because quite frankly it is nobody's business! And to be really honest with you - and this is the first time I've ever said this to the media, and it feels like the perfect time and place - the reason we're not rushing to get married is simply because I don't feel appropriate taking advantage of a right that's denied to my best friends,\" Bell revealed during a recent magazing interview.\"That's why we've been so hesitant. Dax and I have talked about it quite a lot, and this issue is very important and close to both of us. We're just standing up for what we believe in. Period,\" she added.Bell is an American actress best known for her role in Heroes, playing the character Elle Bishop, and in Gossip Girl as the off-screen titular narrator.She has appeared in a number of films like Forgetting Sarah Marshall, Fanboys, Couples Retreat, and When in Rome.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "11971997", "title": "Students display skill at science exhibition", "text": "GARHWA: Boys and girls of various schools displayed their scientific skill during a two-day Palamu division-level science exhibition organized by Garhwa district education department under the iInspire scheme of the Union science and technology department and in association with the state government at the local Rama Sahu High School Ground here on February 19 and 20.Participants of 464 schools displayed their models in the science exhibition. Among them, 434 schools were alone from Garhwa district while there were 15 each from Palamu and Lathehar districts. Students of a madrassa, Siraj-ul-uloom, too, displayed a model in the exhibition this time.Various models were displayed by the school students that included water conservation, energy conservation , solar energy , water filtration, suspension bridge, missiles, environment conservation and new technique of agriculture among others. The models of suspension bridge displayed by Urdu Upgraded Middle School of Tedi Harayya (Garhwa) and missile technology of Nagar Untari High School were the main attraction of the science exhibition. Garhwa MLA Satyendra Nath Tiwari, who was chief guest, inaugurated the science exhibition. DDC Ravindra Prasad Singh, SDM A Muthu Kumar and civic body chairperson Anita Dutt were guests of honour.Tiwari said science could play a great role in all-round development of society. \"Science exhibition is the best effort for boosting knowledge of science among the school students. Keen interest in science predicts bright future of school students,\" said Tiwari.Singh said, \"The government has launched an ambitious scheme for school students for boosting their interest in science.\" Garhwa SDM A Muthu Kumar stressed the need of organizing such exhibitions regularly. DEO Uday Narayan Sharma said taking part in a large number of students in the science exhibition is an achievement in itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11971237", "title": "China eases Hollywood quota", "text": "BEIJING: Washington and Beijing have signed an agreement that would lead to a 70% increase in the number of Hollywood films that can be released in China.Chinese vice president Xi Jinping recently signed the agreement in Washington under which China would allow release of an additional 14 premium format films such as 3-D and IMAX and similar enhanced format movies . This would be in addition to the screening of 20 \"revenue sharing\" films. The agreement has increased the share of US companies in the incomes from showing films in China from 13.5% to 17.5%.\"This agreement...will make it easier than ever before for US studios and independent filmmakers to reach the fast-growing Chinese audience , supporting thousands of American jobs...,\" US vice-president Joe Biden said in a statement.Motion Picture Association of America President Chris Dodd called the pact \"tremendous news for the millions of American workers and businesses whose jobs depend on the entertainment industry'' . The move is seen as part of Xi's attempts to increase his popularity as he is slated to become the country's next president after elections later this year.But the decision may not go down well with Chinese filmmakers, who have relied heavily on restrictions for their business. Experts often cite lack of competition as the reason for poor quality Chinese films which mostly rely on historical themes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11969801", "title": "Law minister visits KSLU in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: Minister for urban development, law, parliamentary affairs and BWSSB S Suresh Kumar visited the Karnataka State Law University campus, Hubli on Sunday and reviewed the developmental activities of the University.Suresh Kumar held discussions with vice chancellor J S Patil and other senior officers of the University. The VC explained to Suresh Kumar about the need of improving infrastructural facilities at the university.The minister was apprised of the construction of various buildings -- Law School building, library building and students' hostels and administrative block.It was also brought to the notice of law minister about the need to recruit both teaching and non-teaching staff varsity, said a release from the Karnataka State Law University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11971554", "title": "5 youths kidnap realtor, let him off", "text": "PANCHKULA: In yet another kidnapping case in Panchkula, a 30-year-old resident of Mansa Devi Complex, Sector 5, Panchkula, was allegedly kidnapped by five youths, who had called him and his friend to Sector-2 market on Monday morning at 11.30.The victim, Karan Datta, a realtor, who also deals in sale and purchase of cars, was later let off by the alleged kidnappers near Mouli police station. \"No sooner had I reached the market in my SUV the youths dragged me out and put me in their car. They took me to the Nada Sahib area where they beat me and one of them snatched my SUV keys. Then two of them went and got my car that was parked in the Sector-2 market. In the meantime I was kept at a lonely place,\" Datta told the police. He added that the youths were tipped off by someone on phone about a police hunt and so they left me.Station house officer of Sector 5 police station, Ajay Singh said that Datta had borrowed Rs 10 lakh from these five youths. \"Our investigations are on and we have registered a case under section 365 (kidnapping), 323 (causing hurt), 342 (wrongful confinement) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) against Rohtaj, Vijay Pal, Sanjeev, Mohan Lal and Jagdish, against whom Datta has filed a complaint,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11970913", "title": "100 golfers take part in police golf tourney", "text": "VADODARA: About 100 golfers, including police and army officials, participated in the tourney organized by Gujarat police here on Sunday. It was the 13th edition of Gujarat Police Golf Tournament that was started way back in 1998 by the police department. City police commissioner Satish Sharma and his predecessor Rakesh Asthaana, who is now posted as Surat police commissioner, won the tournament in different categories.\"The tournament is organized to strengthen our relations with society and among our department. We got overwhelming response this year,\" said Sharma. Both Sharma and Asthaana have been avid golfers since years. Sharma has, in fact, represented Gujarat police eight times at National Police Golf Tourney and has been in the winning team twice.Other senior cops like T S Bisht, K Kumarswami and F M Guard participated in the tourney. DGP Chitranjan Singh, too, attended the event that is gaining popularity with every passing year. The tournament was held at Baroda Gaekwad Golf Club (BCGC). \"The event saw good participation. Gradually, the cops are picking golf in major way in the state,\" said DCP (crime) Ashok Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11971790", "title": "New genres have enlarged scope for actors: Dutt", "text": "NAGPUR: \"Today acting skills are to be considered beyond the realms of cinema. They are also used by those who wish to improve oration, overcome shyness or have to make public speeches,\" says Arun Dutt, son of legendary actor, director Guru Dutt.In the city to promote his year old institute, Guru Dutt Films Acting Academy, located in Pune, Arun was interacting with the media on Monday. He along with Adil Amaan, who teaches acting at his institute, are organising a one-day seminar in Nagpur on Wednesday, to discuss nuances of acting and how a prospective actor can go about making a career.Dutt's academy conducts four month long courses that could cost about Rs 80,000. There are weekend and evening courses too at a cost of Rs 22,000. Dutt says his academy is not affiliated to any institute as he believes in cutting the red tape to give a more personalised tutoring. \"This works better than having bureaucrats who have no idea about films yet they are at the helm of such government-run institutes. Besides, we teach only acting and dancing and not technical aspects of filmmaking like editing, cinematography or direction,\" he explains.As technology and norms have changed, Dutt feels the scope for an actor has increased too. \"Nowadays films are made in digital format. There are small films being made for the festival circuit and there is television too. All this has created a demand for young, talented actors.\" His academy does not stipulate a maximum age limit but the minimum is 16 years.Ideally, Dutt is looking for a student who is completely dedicated to the cause of cinema. \"Cinema is a very difficult career to follow. You need stamina and strength to pursue it. We also have the component of physical training in form of yoga, exercise and meditation as part of our course.\"Adds Adil Amaan, \"We are scouting for people who eat, breathe, feel and think cinema. Our effort is to make then unlearn any kind of acting and be natural so that they adapt better to the parts they get to play.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11969767", "title": "Officers should've said no: Bedi", "text": "KOLKATA: Kiran Bedi , the country's first woman IPS officer, expressed surprise over the press conference by the two joint commissioners of Kolkata Police at the secretariat and felt the contents need not have been spelled out.\"The officers shouldn't have commented on reports or rumours. Clarifying that the force is unified and not divided is demoralizing to the personnel. It also lowers one's self esteem. In case it was due to political pressure, which could well have happened since Kolkata Police officers usually hold press conferences at the police headquarters, they should have resisted succumbing to it,\" she said.While acknowledging that a chief minister could summon police officers for briefing anytime, Bedi clarified that officers are in no way bound to make a statement dictated by anyone, including the CM.\"Why should two bright IPS officers relent and make such statements? A police officer must never lose sight of the fact that he/she is the slave of no one other than the law. If the officers have succumbed to pressure, it is their problem. Politicians will always try to use officers to do their bidding. It is for the latter to excuse oneself from doing anything that is against law, against people's interest and demeaning. What is the fear? At the most, the officers would have been transferred. But that also exposes politicians. It is at times like these that you have to exercise your courage,\" she said.Recalling one of several instances of political pressure during her career, Bedi said that in Goa in 1983, the then chief minister had summoned her and asked her to apologize for forcing a minister to walk to the Basilica of Bom Jesus where St Francis Xavier's relics are displayed once every four years.\"As SP traffic, I had laid down a system to manage the traffic and crowd. People were appreciative of the new arrangement. But one of the ministers complained that he was made to walk. The CM asked me to apologize to the minister which I politely declined,\" said Bedi. This account is narrated in her autobiography 'I Dare'.On the rape case, she said no one, even the CM, had the right to cast aspersions on the complainant. \"The FIR should have been lodged the very day the woman reported the rape to the police and investigation should have commenced with urgency to protect whatever evidence is left,\" she said.Had the police acted in time, they would have been able to examine clear CCTV footage at various points before they were automatically deleted.I told him that the traffic regulations could be withdrawn but I would not be stay in charge of the department. After returning to my office, I put everything on record. Though I was not transferred, there were crucial periods when leave was not granted when my daughter was ill. That was painful but it comes with the job", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11963748", "title": "SRK, Akshay Kumar to buy the rights of Kolaveri Di?", "text": "According to rumours Akshay Kumar and Shah Rukh Khan had been involved in a tussle over the rights of Kolaveri D but Akshay refutes the rumor.Apparently Shah Rukh Khan and Akshay Kumar had both shown keen interest in buying the rights of Kolaveri D and approached Rajnikanth for it.Says a source, \"Kolaveri D is an extremely popular song and played across almost every corner of India. Apparently Akshay and Shah Rukh were both very keen to get the rights. Akshay was so keen that he even landed up at Rajnikanth's Chennai home and obtained the rights - thus beating King Khan to it!\"However a source close to Akshay rubbishes the rumors, \"Though he loves the song, Akshay is not interested in the rights of Kolaveri D. He never has been. So the question of him beating Shah Rukh to the rights doesn't even arise. The only song rights that Akshay has bought is the rights of the Tamil song Appadi Podu from the film Ghilli.\"Apparently Sonu Sood owned the rights of the song Appadi Podu and had wanted to use in his upcoming film, but Akshay convinced the Sonu to let him get the rights to use the song in his film Naam Hai Boss. According to reports Sonu had got the rights from the music company but Akshay made a special request to him.Naam Hai Boss is the remake of Malayalam film Pokkiri Raja starring Mammootty and Prithviraj in the lead roles. NHB will be directed by Anthony D'Souza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11968676", "title": "Over 2 lakh devotees offer prayers at Keesaragutta", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mahashivaratri was celebrated with great fervour across the city with many people observing the traditional day-long fast and performing poojas at various temples. The busiest of all the shrines was Keesaragutta as over 2 lakh devotees from the city thronged the temple on Monday. Although the 'Swayambhu lingam' (that believers consider installed by the lord himself) at the Ramalingeshwara temple on the hillock of Keesaragutta is nearly 30 km away from the city, devotees didn't seem to mind going the distance. However, temple authorities revealed that the crowd this year was relatively lesser when compared to last year.Among the scores of devotees who visited Keesaragutta this year were chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy, former CM Chandrababu Naidu and Union minister Panabaka Lakshmi. Despite the drop in turn out, the police took no chances when it came to making traffic and security arrangements. The smaller crowd and heavy security arrangements made the entire experience less tedious for the devotees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11970927", "title": "2 nabbed with IMFL", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Sarkhej police arrested two men carrying liquor worth Rs 1 lakh in the city late on Sunday night near Jagatpur village. Police is searching for other accused in the case.A team was on patrol near Jagatpur village at 12 midnight when they spotted two youths in a car calling someone. When they went near the car, the duo tried to flee. Suspecting their behaviour, the duo was apprehended by the staff and brought near the car when they found that the car was laden with various brands of IMFL and beer.\"The duo was identified as Bharat Patel and Darshan Prajapati, residents of Unjha in Mehsana. They said that they have been given the stock to deliver it to a Sarkhej-based bootlegger identified as Lalo. When we caught them, they were trying to contact him to get his goods. However, his phone was switched off.We have started search for the supplier and receiver of the goods,\" said a Sarkhej police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11970196", "title": "Student drowns in Talaghattapura lake", "text": "BANGALORE: A trip to Sri Sri Ravi Shankar's Art of Living Ashram ended in tragedy when a 19-year-old student went for a swim near Talaghattapura at Kanakapura, around 25km from Bangalore.Sandeep Singh, a native of Assam , was a BBM student of NIME College in Yelahanka. He, along with four friends , went to Gulakamala Lake after visiting AOL. All five boys are sons of serving Army personnel. The policemen of Talaghattapura said that in the past two years, 16 people have drowned in this lake.When they reached the lake in the afternoon, three boys took a leap from a high point near the lake not realizing its depth. While two managed to swim back, Sandeep drowned. Following a search by police and local people, the body was found late Monday evening.R Nagaraj, a sub-inspector at Talaghattapura police station, the boys ignored the warning of locals about the lake. The survivors told police they planned this trip as Monday was a public holiday. The started from their college hostel in Yelahanka around 7am and reached Talaghattapura in the afternoon. After their visit to the ashram, they went to the lake around 1.30pm after lunch and started swimming. Soon, things went out of control. \"Sandeep Singh, Rocky and Ramnivas jumped into the water while Prasidjeeth and I were still sitting on the stone near the banks of the lake. On jumping, they started drowning and tried to get out of the water as soon as possible,\" said Sandeep.The initial search for the body failed as divers could not find it. Fire force personnel too joined the search and managed to retrieve the body using hooks. The body has been moved to the Talaghattapura government hospital and Sandeep's parents are expected to arrive in the city on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11969048", "title": "Switchover to e-meters from April 1", "text": "MUMBAI: All the 1.05 lakh autorickshaws in Mumbai will have to gradually switch over to e-meters from April 1.The state transport department has pushed the date as it wants a month to convince union leaders and take them into confidence before making the new meters mandatory for old autos. The autos will have to install the electronic devices when they come for the annual fitness test.It will take at least a year for all autos to be fitted with the new meters.For new autos, the e-meters will be fitted from March 1. A notification on e-meters and the roadmap for installing them will be issued by state transport secretary Shailesh Sharma in a few days. The e-meters will, however, not be recalibrated as per the metric system and the minimum distance will still be shown as 1.6km or one mile.Passenger rights activists are not elated as the basic fare is not km-basis and the wait for e-meters will be too long. Shirish Deshpande of the Mumbai Grahak Panchayat said the e-meters should be installed within three months. \"I have submitted a roadmap to the state transport department on how such meters have been installed in a short span in states like Andhra Pradesh,\" he said. He demanded that all new e-meters be recalibrated to show the minimum fares on a per-km basis.Praful Vora of the India Against Corruption said, \"We had received more than 2,000 complaints on meter-tampering. Most mechanical meters are rigged, so there is a need to replace them with foolproof e-meters.\"Activist Govind Sharma said, \"We are not interested in e-meters in new autos. We want every auto to have an electronic gadget and the process should be expedited.\" He said most old autos in Andheri had rigged mechanical meters. In fact, the sms complaints received by the RTO were maximum against autos plying in Andheri, Bandra, Goregaon and Kandivli.There are about 67,000 autos operating in the western and nearly 38,000 in the eastern suburbs of Mumbai.Auto unions allege that the new e-meters are being introduced to favour a cartel of manufacturers. \"Why isn't the government making e-meters compulsory for taxis? They want autos to have the devices within a year. It will give more business to meter manufacturers and repairers,\" said union leader Thampy Kurian.But taxi union leader A L Quadros said the e-meters were foolproof and installed in over 20,000 taxis in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11969685", "title": "Thandai is the drink of the day", "text": "VARANASI: A glass of 'thandai', the creamy concoction of several dry fruits, seasonal fruits, milk and essence also known as the staple drink of Benaras, was the highly in-demand 'local soft drink' on the occasion of Mahashivratri festival in the city on Monday. From a lone tourist busy in exploring the mysteries of the ancient city, outstation devotees to a local gourmet, their day in the city is never complete without having a kulhad full of aromatic liquid that offers instant energy and sets the mood.According to Narmada Nand Dubey, who runs a thandi shop at the busiest and crowded Godowlia crossing, the sale of thandai during Shivratri festival has increased by five times as compared to normal day purchases. \"One cannot locate or count the number of kulhars of thandai that are sold on the occasion of Mahashivratri. Everyone who is in the city loves to celebrate the festival with a cup of thandai which is also considered the prasad of Lord Shiva,\" shared Shiv Pathak and Basant Pathak, who run the oldest shop of thandai at Thathery Bazar.\"In early days, extracts from flowers like gulab (rose), gurhal (hibiscus), bela and many others were taken out and they were mixed with fruit juices and various dry fruits and seeds like almonds, fennel seeds, cardamom, saffron, watermelon seeds were grinned with the help of a mixed a stone and were mixed in the mixture to complement the drink,\" informed Pathak.According to Pathak, later on the concept of thandai was revised and it was served as a milk-based drink with lots of cream and dry fruits in it. Though a number of thandai shops sell milk-based thandai, there are still some shops in the serpentine lanes of the city which cater to their customers with floral-fruit thandai as well, one type of fruit each day.Keeping the originality of Benarasi thandi is hint of Kali mirch, saunf, watermelon seeds, a number of thandai makers of the city have started making different flavours of the liquid. \"There are flavour like pista, kesar, badam. In fact, on customers demand, there are flavours of adrak (ginger) and ajwain as well to keep the customers healthy during winters,\" added Pathak.Thandai of Benaras is also transported to other cities. According to Dubey, his brand has captured the markets of soft drinks in almost all cities, and as there are overseas demands, preparations are on to make this drink international.If the makers of thandai are to be believed, the drink has come as an adaptation from Gujarat and Rajasthan. According to Basant Pathak, who owns the oldest thandai shop at Thathery Bazar, many rich Gujaratis and Marawari businessmen migrated to the city over hundreds of years ago and whenever there were any family ceremony at their home, they would guide local cooks about making thandai that was made up of flower extracts those days.\"Late Shambhu Nath Pathak was the oldest thandai maker of the city, who learnt the art at Gujarati and Marwari households and he was invited by these businessmen to prepare the drink on festive occasions at their home. He used to prepare thandai with flower extracts and fruit juices. In 1906, he opened his shop at Thathery Bazar area, and since the natives of Benaras are fond of milk-based products, so later in 1953 milk based creamy thandi was invented by him, which was followed many other shops which sprouted in the city,\" informed an enthusiastic grandson of Pathak.\"At present there are over 500 small and big outlets of thandai in the city,\" informed Raj Kumar, another thandi shop owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11970589", "title": "Protest against irregular water supply", "text": "MYSORE: Irregular water supply issue and JUSCO's poor handling of the water crisis, which has irked corporators and MCC officials, has created trouble at its Mysore site office on Monday with protestors staging a snap protest.Enraged that water was not supplied even on Shivarathri to parts of Vidyaranyapuram and surrounding areas including Kanakagiri, the agitators, mainly women with empty pots, accused district minister S A Ramdas of failing to attend to their needs. What angered them further was that the supply was cut off affecting their preparations for the festival. Many areas in Krishnaraja constituency, represented by Ramdas, are not getting water supply daily, they said.This is first time that public anger against JUSCO's functioning has led to a flash protest in front of its Mysore site office. The Tata Enterprise is implementing the Rs 197crore JNNURM project to remodel water supply network. The civic body too is upset with its functioning and has complained to the government. The protestors asked Ramdas to step in and ensure that the water crisis doesn't deepen this summer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11974850", "title": "J Dey murder case: Jigna Vora booked under MCOCA", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai police crime branch on Tuesday chargesheeted journalist Jigna Vora under various sections of MCOCA Act in connection with senior scribe J Dey who was shot dead in June last year .Vora, working as a deputy bureau chief with a Mumbai daily, was arrested November 25 last year in connection with the June 11 killing of Dey, the editor (Special Investigations) at Mid-Day.Mumbai police had, in December last year, filed a chargesheet against 12 accused in the case. However, the name of Vora, who was arrested in November, was not included.The chargesheet filed in the special Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) court runs into 3,055 pages and has described in detail the role of 10 men involved in Dey's murder.Fugutive don Chhota Rajan has also been named in the chargesheet. However, police mention that Rajan and another accused, Nayan Singh, are still untraced and on the run.According to police, Vora had allegedly provided Dey's mobile number and his exact location to Rajan.-With inputs from IANS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11970110", "title": "12 file papers for Patna university syndicate poll", "text": "PATNA: Twelve teachers filed nominations for election of four teacher-members of the Patna University syndicate. Monday was the last day for filing nominations.The election will be held at the annual meeting of the senate on February 25. The senators will elect their representatives through secret ballots.Those who are in the fray include Amar Nath Singh, Daisy Narain and Padmalata Thakur of history department, N P Tiwari of philosophy department and D P Kamal of Ancient Indian History and Archaeology department; Randhir Kumar Singh of Patna College and P K Poddar of B N College; Sunita Ray of Personnel Management and Industrial Relations department and Pushpanjali Khare of Magadh Mahila College; Dilip Ram and Abhay Prakash of B N College and Veena Prasad of Patna Training College.Wednesday is the last day for withdrawal of nominations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11970185", "title": "Bihar moots global advisory council", "text": "PATNA: Upbeat over the success of three-day 'Global Summit on Changing Bihar', the state government is seriously contemplating to constitute a Global Advisory Council.The purpose of the council, deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi said, would be to invite experts of different fields and discuss the state's problems coming in the way of development. Since organizing global summit on regular intervals has its own constraints, the council would organize meets of experts at a lower scale to advise the state government on how it could move forward.Modi said that suggestions and recommendations in areas such as governance and institutions, rural development and agriculture, industrialization, urbanization, state action for infrastructure, power, women and development, education, health and knowledge-building, given by scores of participants from across the world and different parts of India who attended the global summit, have been compiled and would be given to the departments concerned for follow-up action.In order to create a platform for the Bihar diaspora in different parts of the world to invest in the state, Bihar Foundation would open its units in those countries and would also organize Bihar Diwas once in a year, Modi said. This apart, he said, a directory of Biharis living abroad would also be brought out.He said it was heartening to note that the Mumbai chapter of Bihar Foundation was providing lodging facilities to 'friends of Bihar' going there for cancer treatment. Such a move should also be initiated in other parts of the country.Bihar Foundation would open its units in all the state capitals within a year. \"The purpose is to rope in more people for Bihar's development,\" Modi stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11970148", "title": "President returns bill, tells govt to define cattle", "text": "BANGALORE: The President has returned the Karnataka Prevention of Slaughter and Preservation of Cattle Bill, 2010, to the state government seeking some clarifications. The Centre has asked Karnataka to clearly define the term 'cattle'. Confirming that the bill has been returned, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda on Monday said the government will resend it after making modifications. \"We have consulted legal experts on this issue. The note asks us to clarify on the term 'buffalos'. It is small modification,\" Gowda said.The chief minister made it clear that prevention of cow slaughter is his government's first priority. A cow service commission will be set up shortly, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mayyar (hisar)", "code": "11971108", "title": "Agitating Jats extend stir deadline by 24 hours", "text": "MAYYAR (HISAR): The agitating Jats on Monday extended their deadline for another 24 hours, after the meeting between their leaders and district administration officials remained inconclusive. They have, however, threatened to block rail traffic in the state if there is further delay in the decision to grant OBC status to them for quota in jobs.As a precautionary measure, though, the railway authorities cancelled all trains on the Jind-Hisar route on Monday.Dharampal Singh, the state president of Jat Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti, led a delegation of Jat leaders in a meeting with Hisar deputy commissioner Amit Aggarwal, superintendent of police and other district officials at the guest house of Power Grid Corporation of India, near here. However, they extended the deadline for an all out stir after the administration sought more time to discuss their charter of five demands. Besides withdrawal of cases, Jats are demanding action against the then Hisar SP Subhash Yadav, who had ordered firing on protesting Jats on September 13, 2010, a place for raising a memorial for Sunil Sheoran, who had died in police firing, and commitment to include Jats in OBC list.\"The government has not fulfilled even a single demand. Since officials have sought time to discuss the matter with authorities, we have extended the deadline by 24 hours. But once this deadline is over, we shall start blocking all rail and road traffic,\" said Rambhagat Singh, president of Hisar unit of Jat Arakshan Sangharsh Samiti.Nafe Singh of Binayan Khap, who too was present in the meeting added, \"The DC was constantly in touch with the chief minister and discussed our demands.\"The stir may have caused a great inconvenience to the railways as well as passengers, but the roadside vendors had a field day. They set stalls at Ramayan village near here, where the agitating members of the community had started camping early in the day.Jats' demandsWithdrawal of criminal cases registered against them during violence at Mayyar and rail blockadeA place for raising a memorial in the name of Sunil Sheoran, who fell to a bullet in police firing in September 2010Immediate arrest of then Hisar SP Subhash Yadav for murder, who allegedly ordered the firingA timeframe for inclusion of Jats in the list of other backward classes (OBC) for reservation in educational institutions and recruitment in government jobsMayyar stir timelineSeptember 13, 2010: Sunil Sheoran of a village near Ladwa was killed in police firing in an agitation by Jats to press for their demand for OBC quota in jobsJanuary/February 2011: Jat leaders lay siege to railway tracks between Jind and Hisar for 26 daysJanuary 2012: Acting on the direction of Punjab and Haryana high court, the Jind and Hisar police started serving notices to agitating men and women, who were identified on the basis of video clippings, still photographs clicked by cameramen hired by police and pictures appearing in pressFebruary 19, 2012: Giving Haryana police a 24-hour deadline, Jat leaders ask the administration to withdraw criminal cases against agitators", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11970071", "title": "Snag rectified, railways' Rs 10-cr route relay interlocking system working smoothly", "text": "PATNA: Work on the much-awaited route relay interlocking (RRI) system has been completed at Patna Junction under the Danapur division of East Central Railway (ECR).The new system has been functioning smoothly, said divisional railway manager (DRM), Danapur, L M Jha. Talking to mediapersons on Monday, he said that the project, which was pending for the last 15 years in the division, has cost the railways about Rs 10 crore. With completion of the work, which was approved by Railway Board long back. safety on tracks at Patna Junction has improved further, he said.The DRM admitted that the RRI system suffered a setback on completion of work on February 12 night due to technical snags that caused disruption in traffic on both Delhi and Howrah ends. \"Passengers faced a lot of inconvenience from February 7 to 17. However, the new advanced system was repaired and reinstalled, mainly at Patna Junction,\" he said.Jha said that about 500 railway employees, including officials, worked hard round-the-clock during this period to make the RRI system function smoothly. A high-level team of Railway Board and ECR GM Varun Bharthuar guided them in the successful installation of RRI system. The Railway Board's technical team worked as troubleshooter and set everything right.According to the DRM, Patna Junction has been facing a huge traffic constraint both on the platforms and in the railway yards. The RRI would not only facilitate smooth traffic on platforms, but also smoothen flow of traffic in the yards in course of shunting or placement of terminated or originating passenger rakes either at Patna Junction or from Rajendra Nagar Terminal, he said.\"We have learnt a lot from our experience of installing the RRI system at Patna Junction, which would help us in installing the system at Danapur, Kiul and other major stations in future,\" Jha said.Meanwhile, with the commissioning of a new platform at Patna Junction, the number of platforms has gone up to 10. Railways has dedicated this platform to run Patna-Gaya (PG) passenger trains only. Under the RRI system, railways has brought all platforms under its ambit to enhance safety measures on tracks, Jha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11968587", "title": "Govt websites hit by absence of safety net", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state has stumbled upon the disturbing fact that, in the absence of a security policy, all government websites, including the one hosted by the finance department, were unsafe and vulnerable to hacking. This alarming state of affairs came to light following the hacking last week of several important websites.According to sources, there is no security policy in place for Andhra Pradesh. No department has as yet had a security check conducted by either the APIT department or a private agency. Although the state data centre (SDC) is maintained by Wipro, all existing websites have reportedly been migrated to SDC without any security check, department sources revealed.Now, after the spate of hacking, a security audit has been made mandatory. Ponnala Laksmaiah, the state IT minister on Monday said that the hackers had made repeated attempts to break into the websites but in vain.\"We have made security audits mandatory for all websites hosted by department servers,\" Ponnala said, adding that the affected sites were being repaired. Investigations into the hacking have revealed that three groups, from Indonesia, Algeria and Turkey, were behind the act.Unlike the state IT wing, the National Informatics Centre (NIC), which is also a service provider to the state, does not host any website without first ordering a security audit. \"We are about to host a website for the AP courts. Although there is a lot pressure on us to quicken the process, we are following stringent security checks,\" sources in the NIC told TOI.The NIC has reportedly set up a high-level cyber security group to clear domains to be hosted by its servers. Such an arrangement is missing at the state level. \"The state government is yet to announce a security policy on the lines of the one in place at NIC. Indiscriminately hosted by state government servers, these websites are easy prey for hackers,\" said government sources.\"Like CAG, which conducts audits of the government spending, the IT department should have conducted security audits for all domains before hosting from the state servers,\" a source said. \"So casually are the state domains run that many of the passwords in various departments are ludicrously simple words like 'password' or 'Admin' or dates of birth or names of wives and daughters of the operators. This makes hacking quite easy,\" he added.Some time back, a private firm, after having conducted a security audit, reported that the state treasuries department website, which records salaries paid to government employees, was highly vulnerable. Although government agencies are available for providing services, the treasuries department has hired private firms to write out various applications.Organisational infrastructure and physical security measures are necessary to protect websites from hackers, says CS Sheriff, an independent expert on software-security related matters.In the meantime, Ponnala has said that the affected websites, except the one to do with the development of Christain minorities, are currently undergoing restoration. The minister has called for a high-level meeting with officials from various departments on February 22 for a further discussion on the issue of cyber safety for government websites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11968847", "title": "Govt schools yet to get 100 \u2018modern\u2019 buildings", "text": "PANAJI: The state government project for construction and repairs of 100 modern school buildings for government schools is yet to take off three years after it was first planned as land ownership issues have cropped up in many of the cases.The construction and repairs of the government school buildings has been handed over to the Goa State Infrastructure Development Corporation (GSIDC). The GSIDC has collaborated with the directorate of education (DoE) and the two bodies have together designed interaction-friendly classrooms and computer activity rooms for 56 government schools, under the project.The classroom designs were finalized nearly a year after the project was handed over to the GSIDC in 2008, but there still appears to be a long wait for students of the government schools who were to benefit from the project.\"In many of the cases, the land for the schools was gifted by the owners to the institutes 40 or more years ago. The plans for the schools are ready but it is difficult to begin the school building construction without knowing the boundaries of the plot. We are in process of sorting the issues,\" a source said.The state government had handed over the works to the GSIDC because the Public Works Department (PWD) was finding it difficult to cope with the number of school repair works allotted to them. And it was expected that this would expedite the process of providing government schools, many of which are in dilapidated conditions, decent new buildings.A standard model has been designed for primary schools by the GSIDC, one for secondary schools and one for higher secondary schools. Classrooms for primary schools have been designed to promote interaction among the students by placing the benched in circular pattern or pairs of benches facing each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mangalore/chennai", "code": "11970204", "title": "Bedbugs start bugging train passengers", "text": "MANGALORE/CHENNAI: It is a pestering problem that Indian Railways is unable to put a lid on despite its best efforts. While sighting of cockroaches or rats in trains is accepted as normal, what regular business travellers who prefer AC coaches must contend with is bedbugs who are on the prowl in the darkness.Ensconced in the linen and blankets given to passengers travelling on AC two and three-tier coaches, bedbugs become active once lights go off and passengers hit the sack. Cimicidae or bedbugs are small parasitic insects and refers to species that prefer to feed on human blood. Almost invisible to human eye, these bugs, once they have fed on human blood, bloat to the size slightly smaller than the sac of a mosquito in a similar state. The most commonly infested places are the mattress (98.2%).Enduring these bedbugs on board AC coach A2 of 12686 Mangalore-Chennai Express on Wednesday last, Ramesh Chandran, regional head of a leading cosmetic company, was not bemused.\"I prefer to travel by AC coach as I can reach my destination fresh and get on with my work on arrival there,\" he said, adding that bedbugs gave him a harrowing time. \"One cannot go to work in a fresh frame of mind having spent the night without sleep,\" he said. Similar was the complaint of H P Mulki and his wife Snehaprabha, who travelled from Chennai to Delhi in AC coach recently. \"We had to endure cockroaches, rats and bedbugs and the whole journey was a nightmare,\" he said.This is not a phenomenon restricted to Southern Railway alone. Even J L Shenoy, a retired engineer who travelled to Mumbai recently on Konkan Railway, endured these pests. \"It is stressful to travel in these conditions,\" he said.Acknowledging that early detection and treatment are critical to successful control of pests, V J Accamma, chief public relations officer of Southern Railway, told TOI that they have been getting lots of complaints. \"I am from Kottayam and travel often to Chennai and know the problem firsthand,\" she said and urged the Railways to take action against departmental staff or contractor concerned for shoddy linen maintenance.James Sebastian, PRO, Palghat division, said primary maintenance of each train is vested with respective railway stations. The case of bedbugs in the AC coaches of trains 12686/65 will be investigated and action will be taken, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11971490", "title": "Wounded security man dies", "text": "PANCHKULA: One of the two security men, Harjeet Singh, who suffered critical burns early on Sunday morning when fire engulfed their tent set up outside the residence of former Punjab DGP S V Singh, passed away on Monday morning.The incident took place when the two men a?? Multan and Harjeet a?? were asleep around 4am. Cops suspect a foul play due to the strong smell of kerosene in the air as well as from the victims' clothes. The wounded men were rushed to a private hospital and then referred to PGI. Police said people in the vicinity heard a blast, then the victims cried for help. They became unconscious by the time help arrived. Fire brigade and police officers reached the place in a while.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11970843", "title": "Three held for attacking youth with logs", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three persons, including two MBA students, were arrested on Sunday for demanding money from their junior. They attacked him with a wooden log and the victim has been admitted in a private hospital with a shoulder fracture.Police said, J Joseph, 24, hailing from Ernakulam in Kerala, is a first-year MBA student in Dr SNS Rajalakshmi College of Arts and Science at Chinnavedampatti in Coimbatore. He was staying along with his friends in a room at Saravanampatti. Senior students, R Thoubiq, 24 of Puducherry and A Faisath, 26 of GM Nagar in Ukkadam, were also doing an MBA course in the same college. They stayed in a rented house at Saravanampatti along with their friend M Junaith, 24, a graduate, who works in a call centre.Thoubiq had borrowed money from Joseph and used his bike often. On February 18, he demanded money from Joseph who refused to concede. Toubiq called his friends Faisath and Junaith over phone and together they confronted Joseph near his house. When their attempt to get money from Joseph failed, they assaulted him with wooden logs. Joseph sustained shoulder injuries and was admitted in a private hospital.Based on his complaint, Saravanampatty police have arrested Thoubiq, Faisath and Junaith. They were booked under section 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons) and 506 (ii) (criminal intimidation with weapon) of Indian Penal Code.\"On interrogation it was found that the trio had often demanded money from Joseph and used his bike. Based on the complaint, we have arrested them,\" said sub-inspector S Kasipandian, Saravanampatty police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11970016", "title": "After spat with police, ex-DMK minister goes underground", "text": "TRICHY: A day after celebrating his son's marriage, K K Nagar police were on the lookout for former DMK minister and Trichy DMK district secretary K N Nehru in connection with an FIR filed against him and five others under five different sections of IPC.The police finally took custody of Tiruvarur district secretary Poondi Kalaivanan, one of the five accused in a case that relates to a scuffle between a constable in Trichy Central Prison and Nehru's supporters.It all started in the morning around 10 am when Poondi K Kalaivanan who had come to Trichy to attend Nehru's son's marriage on Sunday, wanted to visit former DMK MLA Kuttalam A Kalyanam who had been lodged in the Central Prison, and Nehru accompanied him. The duo was also joined by Trichy town secretary and former deputy mayor M Anbazhagan later, and the trio went to the prison.Permission had been granted to the DMK trio to visit the inmate who had been remanded in an illegal sand mining case, but when jail warder L Veeramani at the second check point insisted that they wait for about 20 minutes to clear protocol before letting them in, all hell broke loose. In fact, the police were not in favour of letting all three inside the jail premises, but later they were allowed since a formal application had been made in the name of K N Nehru. While the trio were visiting A Kalyanam, the supporters waiting outside the jail created a commotion as their \"Minister had been ill-treated by deliberately making him wait inordinately.\" The police on the other hand said Nehru spat out filthy language at the warder before finally being let in.In the ensuing melee, Veeramani was pushed aside by some Nehru supporters. Prison DIG R Duraisamy said Nehru later condoned his behaviour and asked Veeramani not to take anything to heart.All was well until the trio came out of prison around noon. But in the afternoon the police cried foul and started a search for Nehru and his supporters including Poondi Kalaivanan after warder Veeramani lodged a complaint against them in the K K Nagar police station. As Nehru could not be found, the police seized his Pajero from his residence-cum-office at Thillai Nagar. Sections 147 (punishment for rioting), 294 (obscene act), 332 (causing hurt to deter a public servant from his duty), 352 (punishment for assault or criminal force), and 506 part 2 (criminal intimidation) have been slapped against the trio and also three other DMK functionaries Selvaraj, R C Ganeshan and Muthu Selvan. Meanwhile, Poondi Kalaivanan was arrested in Tiruvarur and handed over to the Trichy police late in the night. All but Nehru were remanded in 15 days' judicial custody.However, the remanded inmate A Kalyanam was released around 7 pm, and those who had gone to visit him earlier in the day were jailed. DMK sources told TOI that reports suggesting that a huge crowd had gathered in the CARE College premises for the grand wedding reception on Sunday, must have infuriated the ruling party, and hence Nehru was being hounded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11971689", "title": "Leaders playing favourite sunk Congress", "text": "NAGPUR: Congress bigwigs playing favourite has badly backfired on the party in NMC elections. Of the 15 candidates changed at the last moment to accommodate favourites of senior leaders, only two could win. In Rameshwari, Congress agreed to give seat to its ally NCP but this move proved disastrous as the NCP candidate Shyam Chaudhari polled just 640 votes. The top leaders were responsible for last moment changes. City president Jaiprakash Gupta watched helplessly as they ran amok.Chandrashekhar Shrirao was replaced by Pravin Gawre at the last moment. Again a disastrous decision as Gawre, contesting as an independent polled 5,432 against 1,975 by Shrirao. If Gawre had been given the ticket, Sudhakar Kohale of BJP would not have won so easily.Replacing sitting corporator Firoz Khan by Saifuddin Sheikh cost at least one seat, possibly two, in Gandhibagh ward as division of Muslims votes led to victory of BJP candidates. Congress replaced both the candidates in Killa ward, which also backfired. Both withdrew from the fray but covertly supported BJP candidates and ensured their victory. In Lakadganj ward, the replacement choice in womens' seat lost by 3,000 votes.Padma Bhowate was replaced by Sharda Wankhede in Bhandewadi ward but the latter lost by 2,200 votes. Same thing happened in Jagnath Budhwari where the replacement Bhaskar Maudekar lost by 2,000 votes. Another replacement Nalini Karangade came a poor third in Rambagh. Same was the case with Vaishali Wankhede in Wathoda.Only in two cases candidates representing their godfathers came good. Deva Usare, who was fielded instead of Vinay Sahare, won by around 1,600 votes in Civil Lines. Purushottam Hazare, who was awarded the party ticket at the last moment trounced popular BJP candidate Pandurang Mehar also by around 1,600 votes in Pardi.In one case, party leaders were not at fault. As the form of Congress' candidate from Ayachit Mandir - Surendra Pandit - was rejected, the party had to give the ticket to Ramdas Maraskolhe. He lost by 3,700 votes. Meanwhile, EGS minister Nitin Raut and AICC secretary Anees Ahmed are under fire as their candidates have fared poorly. Raut had secured 15 seats for his supporters of which only three could win.Ahmed's two candidates in central Nagpur lost. Six Congress candidates and one NCP nominee won from his constituency west Nagpur. However, Ahmed is not getting any credit for it as NCP has openly accused him of working against the victorious candidate Pragati Patil. Ahmed was also dead against the candidature of a victorious Congress candidate Prashant Chopda.Egg On The Face* The replacement candidates were victorious in Civil Lines (Deva Usare) &amp; Pardi (Purushottam Hazare)* The change backfired in Rameshwari, Lakadganj, Bhandewadi, Mhalgi Nagar, Jagnath Budhwari, Gandhibagh, Killa, Rambagh, Wathoda &amp; Ayachit Mandir* Difference does not seem to be palpable in Ravi Nagar and Dighori", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "11970802", "title": "Ooty to get a floriculture seed production centre soon", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: A floriculture seed production centre will be set up in Ooty soon. A seed production centre for potatoes in the Nilgiris is also under study and will be set up soon in the hill district, according to Tamil Nadu agriculture minister, S Damodharan.Speaking at a function where he distributed induction stoves as part of the government freebies scheme, Damodharan said, \"More funds have been allotted to the Nilgiris for agriculture this fiscal year\".Rs 22 lakh has been earmarked for about 1489 hectares of agriculture land as subsidy towards procuring agricultural machineries. About Rs. 206 lakh, funded by the Hill Area Development Project, has been allotted for around 4000 hectares towards horticulture activities in the hill district, the minister said.\"Though floriculture is said to be a failure in the Nilgiris, a significant number of flower growers are thriving in the district. Floriculture which is becoming popular in the Nilgiris will be given a boost with an allotment of Rs. 525 lakh,\" Damadharan said. A farmer who cultivates cut flowers will be get around Rs.70,000 per hectare as subsidy.\"As flower growers have to procure the seeds mainly from Pune or Bangalore they find it difficult to incur the extra charges involved in getting the seeds from other places. Hence, the government is considering the set up of a flower seed production center in the Nilgiris,\" the minister said.As far as potato seeds are concerned, farmers are forced to procure the seeds from Shimla. To increase the production of potato and to boost the income of farmers in the Nilgiris, the minister also said research works were under way to set up a potato seed production plant in the Nilgiris.As requested by the floriculturists, a sale-cum-auction centre for cut flowers is also under process, he added. The government is looking for a suitable location for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11968901", "title": "DU hostellers, authorities spar over union charter", "text": "NEW DELHI: Residents of University Hostel for Women (UHW) at Delhi University have been protesting since January against hostel authorities alleging that certain \"unconstitutional and undemocratic\" changes have been made in the constitution of the student union. Students also allege that hostel authorities had phoned the parents of those residents who participated in a signature campaign against the college to complain against them.According to residents of the largest postgraduate women's hostel in the university, hostel authorities are trying to impose amendments in the student unions' constitution such as allowing the outgoing president of the union to be an ex-officio member in the new union, changing the union cycle, increasing the powers of the provost of the hostel and not allowing the general body meet to take place without the president or the hostel authorities permission.Residents also alleged that authorities have misinterpreted the Supreme Court guidelines on the issue of Lyngdoh Committee's recommendations on student's union elections.\"According to UHW residents, the Lyngdoh recommendations are of little relevance in certain kinds of institutions. This is because in the women's hostels there has been no criminalisation of student union politics. Besides this hostel authorities have begun calling up our parents and telling them all kinds of lies,\" said Maya John, a PhD scholar.In January, hostel authorities imposed a hostel union constitution on the students and tried to hold elections. \"The student's union constitution has never been discussed and ratified in a general body meeting by the students who are the actual constituents of the union. Since the union is constituted by the students and is their representative body, the right to write, amend and adopt the union constitution lies with the students and not hostel authorities,\" said a (UHW) resident on condition of anonymity.\"We are concerned about the safety and security of the students and want to implement the rules for their own good. We are not against their freedom, but we can't let them do what ever they want to and jeopardize their safety as we are responsible for them. Whatever rules the university has set for the hostel, we are just trying to implement them,\" said the provost, Ashum Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11970951", "title": "Goods trains to ply soon between Munabao and Karachi", "text": "JAISALMER: After 60 years, preparations have started for reopening an old route between Rajasthan and Sindh in Pakistan for trade and business. The work has begun and soon goods trains would start plying between Munabao and Karachi . After which Munabao would become a huge commercial centre.Harish Choudhary, Member of Parliament from Barmer-Jaisalmer, has been making efforts since long to start commercial activity via the Rajasthan and Sindh rail route. He had raised the issue in the Parliament too. Union commerce minister has responded positively to Choudhary's request.At present, Thar express passenger train plies weekly on this rail route. \"With plying of goods train between Pakistan and India, western Rajasthan will benefit,\" MP Choudhary said. He also said, \"Revenue of the centre and state governments would increase, and economic situation of people will improve as job opportunities will increase.\"\"Sojat's henna, limestone of Jaisalmer, stainless steel utensils of Jodhpur, bhujia, papad, rasgulla and carpets of Bikaner, handicrafts of Barmer, etc., will go to Pakistan; while textiles, dry fruits, slippers, threads, leather items will come in from Pakistan,\" he said.Presently, there is heavy demand of Jodhpur's mave ki kachori, gadra and ghotuan laddu of Jaisalmer in Pakistan. Passengers going by Thar Express especially take these three items for their relatives. There is also heavy demand for Assam's betel nuts. It is to be mentioned that prior to the Indo-Pak War in 1965, goods trains would ply between Jodhpur and Karachi.There existed strong business relations between Sindh and Marwar. After the war, the rail tracks were ripped up between Munabao and Khokharapaar and the rail route closed. The Thar Express started plying on this route from February 18, 2006 and since then there was demand to start goods train on this route.Three years ago, a delegation of the chamber of commerce had come to Jodhpur to find out the possibilities of starting business through the Munabao route. In September last year, when commerce minister of Pakistan Fahim came to Ajmer, he was asked to start goods trains. The centre is looking to the possibilities of starting goods train on this route and has reserved land at Jaisinder village near Munabao, later on the request of custom officers the land was shifted to Gadra railway station near Munabao, sources said.The centre would allot budget for construction of a building for customs on the decision of opening the rail route for trade and commerce between Munabao and Sindh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11971212", "title": "Fasting once or twice a week could help you live longer", "text": "LONDON: For many people, the key question regarding fasting is whether it's good or bad for health. Now, a new study says that skipping meals for a couple of days a week could help a person live longer.Researchers at the National Institute on Ageing have found that fasting for one day or two days a week is key to a longlife because it can protect the brain against Alzheimer's,Parkinson's and other degenerative brain conditions. Chemical messengers in the brain are boosted when calorie intake is restricted, say the researchers.It has long been known that severely restricting calorie intake can increase the lifespan of rats and mice and it has been suggested there could be a similar effect in humans too but the theory is difficult to test.Now, the researchers have found the positive effects of fasting, 'The Daily Telegraph' reported.Prof Mark Mattson, head of the institute's laboratory of neurosciences, said: \"Reducing your calorie intake could help your brain, but doing so by cutting your intake of food is not likely to be the best method of triggering this protection. It is likely to be better to go on intermittent bouts of fasting, in which you eat hardly anything at all, and then have periods when you eat as much as you want.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11971217", "title": "Vitamin C can boost fight against brain cancer", "text": "WASHINGTON: Researchers claim to have found evidence that vitamin C can boost tumour death in brain cancer patients, a finding which could pave the way for an effective treatment for the disease. An international team, led by University of Otago, says research has revealed that high doses of vitamin C makes it easier for radiation therapy to kill brain tumour cells in cancer patients.In their study, the researchers actually analysed how combining high dose vitamin C with radiation affected survival of cancer cells isolated from glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) brain tumours and compared this with survival of normal cells.The findings revealed that high dose vitamin C by itself caused DNA damage and cell death which was more pronounced when high dose vitamin C was given just prior to radiation. Lead author Dr Patries Herst said GBM patients have a poor prognosis because aggressive GBM tumours are very resistant to radiation therapy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11968766", "title": "Trainee cop dies after fall, kin allege sexual harassment", "text": "MUMBAI: 20-year-old Puja Kute, a trainee police constable, reportedly died while undergoing treatment on Monday after she had an accidental fall from the fourth floor of Marol police quarters on February 16. Meanwhile the Kute's family has made allegations that she has committed suicide due to sexual harassment at the training centre.\"Kute has not left any suicide note complaining about any harassment that made her to take the extreme step . Investigations are on to ascertain know whether she committed suicide or it was an accidental death,\" said Bhosle.Meanwhile, the Powai have police registered three cases of suicide late on Monday evening. \"The information about the suicide came late evening. One of the deceased is an Air India employee, the second is a 30-year-old girl while the third one is a teenager. The details about the suicide are yet to be received as the officers have been sent to the spot of incidents,\" said Powai police senior inspector of the Powai police, Bhajirao Bhosle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11969640", "title": "Harappa gallery locked for 10 years", "text": "KOLKATA: Hundreds of visitors throng Indian Museum everyday, but return unhappy. The visitors are being denied the chance to see some of the country's oldest and most valuable artifacts, dating as far back to nearly 5,000 years. These are relics from the beginning of Indian civilization, better known as the Indus Valley Civilization. For the past 10 years, the most popular and largest gallery of the Museum, featuring collections from Harappa, Mohenjodaro and Lothal, the three important sites of ancient Indian civilization, have been lying locked on the pretext that the gallery would be upgraded. Naturally, visitors, most of whom are foreigners, have to return disappointed.What is worse is that there is no announcement outside the mammoth-sized Harappa/Mohenjo Daro gallery to say why it is closed from visitors. Schools complain that they organize study trips to the Museum so that children can see for themselves remnants of this magical civilization about which they read in history books. Among the artifacts in question are some of the most famous insignia of the civilization like the statue of the Bronze Dancing Girl, the terracotta bust of a priest, the Pashupati seal, potsherds etc.In early 2000, the museum authorities had decided that since the Indus Valley Civilization collection being huge, more display space was required inside the gallery. Accordinly, a two-tier gallery was planned. Since the room is over 30 feet high, an iron platform attached to the wall on all the four sides was built so that artifacts, that are of no general interest to the visitors, could be placed there for researchers to study. The more popular items were left in their original place for students and other visitors.In 2003, the museum authorities felt that use of so muchiron inside the room was making it weak. Hence, they decided to remove the iron platforms and begin restoration work was requiredwith the iron platforms removed. Following which, because of which the gallery was shut down. However, since then many directors have come and gone but the room has remained locked. The authorities vouch that the artifacts are in \"safe custody\", but they have no answer to when they can open to the public again. once again be seen by visitors.\"I am a researcher of ancient history and am writing a book on a comparative analysis of civilizations like Mesopotamia, Syria and Indus Valley. I had read that I would get to see the relics here, the country's oldest museum, but in vain,\" complained Allan Smith , a visitor who had come along with his friend Jude, a student of history at the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA).\"Isn't it sad that the most important relics of our civilization have been hidden from public view for such a long time? I think the civil society should become more active and ask the Museum authorities to at least display the products in some other gallery till the time the Harappa gallery is restored and reopened,\" said GM Kapur, state convenor of Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage.The director, during whose regime the iron platforms were built, said that the changes were brought into the room for better display and storage. \"By building these iron platforms well above the ground, which could be accessed by staircases, we created more space. Till the time I was the director, the items in question were open for public viewing,\" said Shyamal Kanti Chakraborty. He added that there were plans to introduce special audio visual effects and simulations inside the Harappa gallery to take the visitor back artificially to the lost time zone.The present director, Anup Matilal insisted that the room is locked as part of a greater restoration project involving the entire museum. \"It has remained locked for years and I will not be able to give you an answer immediately as to when it will be opened again. Large portions of the museum need restoration and we are about to take it up.\"Interestingly, the restoration of the 200-year-old museum is being discussed for the past five years but apart from piecemeal repairs that have been criticised by experts for having caused great damage to the fabric of the building, nothing has been done. The ministry of culture had sanctioned funds for the project sometime back. Here too, the authorities were criticized for underutilization of funds. Funds had been sanctioned by the ministry of culture for this sometime back and the museum authorities have been repeatedly criticized for underutilization of funds.\"Funds have been sanctioned for the restoration of the museum. Several complaints have reached us about improper storage of invaluable artifacts and the weakening of the grand building. We are looking into the complaints,\" said union culture secretary, Jawhar Sircar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11970101", "title": "Homework is a snap, thanks to online helpers", "text": "BANGALORE: While getting college projects done online for a price has been around for a while, homework seems to be moving into competitive, realtime delivery. When TOI posted a simple question on a homework helper site, the answer offers ranged from free of charge to $1. All within 30 minutes.We asked: 'How do you calculate the number of leap years in a century?' And gave an email ID where answers could be sent. While one helper wanted $1 for the answer, another was ready to give it free. \"There could be 24 or 25 leap years in a century,\" one answer said and an explanation followed.It now seems that life has become easier for students with an internet connection. Exams are off the calendar, exhibition projects are on display in shops and now, they can get home work done by someone else quickly.Once a question is posted online, the student gets a preview of the answer. If she likes it, she can buy the answer and get access to the complete solution. Many 'teachers' answer the question and the student can chose the answer she likes best. There's no charge for a simple question. Subjects range from biology to accounting and students range from primary classes to engineering courses.These methods are not just unethical but also affect the learning process of a child, experts say. \"There's no effort on the child's part. The homework fails to stimulate the brains or enhance creativity. They becomes dependent and will suffer from an inferiority complex. During exams, they fails to perform and end up using unfair methods and go further into depression ,\" said M S Thimmappa, psychologist and former vice-chancellor, Bangalore University.Maya Menon, founder director, Teacher Foundation, said, \"It has dangerous implications. It's a form of corruption that seeps in deep at a young age. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11971640", "title": "Linked by a professional network", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The first thing that comes to our mind at the mention of social networking sites could be Facebook or Twitter, but this virtual world of internet has certainly diversified beyond the personal lives and offered countless interesting options for the professional and students of various skilled courses.Many easy options of specialized social networking sites in the form of Linkedin, Focus, Branchout, Research Gate and Xing are available for individuals, who are keen to expand their professional network through the medium of internet. Also, many city youngsters and professionals from different fields of IT, corporate, journalism and entrepreneurs are enthusiastically hooking on to these. Profiles on these sites are even helping them while they appear for job interviews.\"I have a profile on Linkedin and recently it helped me crack an interview of a leading telecom company. I was amazed when the interviewer asked me whether I had a profile on this site or not. He straightaway went there and checked my credentials on the site!\" Dhruv Kehar, 26, a resident of Sector 18, told TOI.These networking sites also provide an opportunity for city residents to join a group of professionals belonging to different fields. Besides, people can also form their own community and send requests to people from a particular field. \"Here you can initiate a dialogue on a variety of topics like centre's telecom policy, FDI, advent of foreign business tycoons and sports. Your boss or team members can also write about your strengths and mention projects you have executed together,\" said Ajay Sharma, 33, who works with a leading MNC at IT Park and a resident of Sector 53.Madhukar Verma, 22, a young music enthusiast who has recently returned from Australia after doing a DJ course, said, \"Facebook and Orkut are very personal stuff; where you mention about your likes, dislikes and hobbies but nobody takes them seriously. I have recently joined Branchout and Focus and have found genuine music lovers who are already leaping high in this industry.\"Steps to join:One needs to have a valid email address. Log in to the website of any popular social networking site meant for professionalsMost of these sites are for majors (above 18 years). There is a simple questionnaire, which asks basic details of the individualAfter filling this your profile is ready. One can also upload his photographs and resume on the site. Some of sites also allow you to log in through a Facebook accountIf you have a profile on these sites then any other member can approach you for a job opportunity or share details about your technical acumen and work experienceAvailable options:Linkedin: It is one of the oldest social networking site which is meant for professionals from different fields. Tens of thousands of users are linked to it and facilitates exchange of ideas and informationResearch Gate: It allows you to network with the global community, working in the fields of science and research. Research Gate profile lets others know what you are doing, your education, experience, research interests and published worksXing: It is a social networking site dedicated for business professionals. It helps you to remain in touch with people from similar fields and assists you in finding new contacts, jobs, and ideas and conceptsFocus: It's a social networking platform which is focussed on businessmen and technocrats. There is a free access to information related to various fields like IT, marketing and HRBranchout: One can join this site through Facebook. It helps to find new jobs and contacts in top companies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "maya nagar", "code": "11971309", "title": "Farmhouse party on Anayata's birthday", "text": "MAYA NAGAR: Anayata was born to the Tanejas of Maya Nagar four years ago but the family is going to celebrate her birthday for the first time this year because she was born on a leap year. Eagerly waiting to celebrate her birthday on the actual date that she was born, Anayata's parents Vishal and Revti have been going all over town preparing for a big bash.They have booked a farmhouse and invited all their relatives and friends to join them in this moment of joy.Vishal, a businessman staying in Maya Nagar, said they were very happy when Anayata was born in 2008. \"However, in 2009 when the time for her first birthday celebrations came, the family was a little disappointed because we could not celebrate it on the same date as she was born. Although we really wanted to have a big bash with friends and family, we have kept our daughter's birthday a quite family affair for three years.\"We used to celebrate on March 1 and have been all along waiting for the leap year to arrive,'' said Vishal.This time, however, is different and the family is leaving nothing to wishes.Revti, a homemaker, said there was nothing they could do about Anayata's birth but they will celebrate her birthday in such a way that she will feel proud of it. \"It's time to celebrate for all the three years,'' she said, adding that they will spend the entire day with Anayata and celebrate every moment of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11971870", "title": "Gadkari's potpourri to shut out Congress", "text": "NAGPUR: In a clear indication that BJP national president Nitin Gadkari is serious about contesting the 2014 parliamentary elections from the city and not Wardha or Indore as is being widely speculated, the party is working to rope in all corporators except those belonging to the Congress and the NCP in the new body. If he succeeds, it will be a big jolt to four-time city MP Vilas Muttemwar in case he decides to contest again.If Gadkari has to isolate Congress and NCP completely, he will have to take the tally to 98. A senior BJP leader said that the tally was already well above 80 as \"we have the support of some independents and smaller parties\". \"Preliminary talks have been held with BSP,\" he added.The leader said that the BSP would be part of the alliance unless it makes 'elephantine' demands. \"The same applies for a few independents too,\" he said.In a house of 145, BJP and Shiv Sena have a total of 68 corporators after the election results were declared last Friday. Congress-Lokmanch has 41 seats and NCP six. The BJP-Sena need the support of only five members to reach the half way mark of 73.If the BJP succeeds in formalizing the grand alliance, it will also have a stranglehold on the standing committee with 11 of the 16 seats (1 seat per 9 candidates). The Congress-NCP will have to play second fiddle with just five.Thirty seats are held by other parties including BSP, which has 12. There are 2 each from Muslim League, BRP-BMS and MNS. The BREM and Lokbharti have got one corporator each and there ten independents who emerged successful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11971674", "title": "SUV kills 4-year-old", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Adding to the increasing number of hit-and-run cases reported in the city, a four-year-old girl who lived in Sector 38A was run over by a speeding SUV on Monday. This gruesome incident took place when the victim, Gehana, was on her way home around 11.15am after purchasing a chocolate from a nearby mini market. The black-coloured SUV hit the girl, and as she fell down to the ground in a pool of blood, the driver escaped.With her head almost flattened, Gehana was rushed to the PGI but the doctors declared her brought dead. Two eyewitness noted down the registration number of the killer SUV (PB-65G-1919), however, the Chandigarh police have not been able to trace the guilty driver and make an arrest. The girl's father, Ashok Kumar , said, \"We came to know of the accident when passersby raised alarm. By the time we could make out what happened, driver had made an easy escape.\" Ashok is a mehndi artist and owns a shop in Sector 22. The girl is survived by her two-year-old brother, parents Ashok and Jyoti Devi.A resident of the area, Vinay Kumar , said, \"There were some people who tried chasing the SUV. They informed the police control room. Two youths were seated in the vehicle. Cops have not been able to ascertain the identity of the SUV owner despite the availability of the registration number.\"Expressing inability to trace vehicle owner, sub-inspector Gurmeet Singh said, \"It was a holiday in Mohali, so we couldn't get any details from RLA office. The registration and licensing authority was closed till Monday.\" The cellphone of police station Sector-39 SHO Charanjit Singh was switched off while DSP (south) B S Negi said he was yet to obtain details. A case was registered and the body was handed over to the family after postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11970153", "title": "Pioneering work on Bihar", "text": "PATNA: In a first, the Institute of Human Development (IHD), under its Bihar research programme, has brought out a 'Development Research on Bihar 2000-2010: A Compendium'. The department of planning and development, government of Bihar, has provided financial support for this compendium.It covers research materials produced after the bifurcation of Bihar in 2000 till December 2010.This 468-page compendium is a collection of summaries of research documents related to overall socioeconomic development of Bihar in over 13 thematic areas. Noted economist Alakh N Sharma along with two senior researchers - Amrita Datta and Joyita Ghosh - have co-edited it.\"To sustain economic growth achieved in the last few years, it is necessary to promote socioeconomic research on Bihar. Keeping this in view, a separate directorate of evaluation was created by the Bihar government to facilitate research and evaluation work in the state,\" said Vijoy Prakash, principal secretary, department of planning and development.In foreword of the compendium, Prakash has said: \"Recently the state government has come out with a policy to financially assist research work in the state under the Chief Minister Research Studies and Evaluation Promotion Scheme.\" Assistance is provided to universities, research organizations, and voluntary organizations for conducting research on Bihar.\"The compendium is a rich resource not just for scholars and academics but also for planners and policy- makers who are working on Bihar, both within and outside the state,\" Prakash said.A large number of articles are also interdisciplinary. There has been an attempt to cover issues as diverse, yet relevant, as agriculture, conflict, urbanization, migration, changing gender relations in the state, caste, social, human and economic development in Bihar,\" said Alakh N Sharma.\"Studies from medical sciences and geological sciences, which are closely interrelated with development issues, have also been included,\" he said.\"After the summaries were prepared, we attempted to send these to the authors concerned for comments and possible changes, which further refined the quality of the summaries included in the compendium,\" Sharma said.It emerges from the studies included in the compendium that there is a dire shortage of research on specific topics in the state. These include, among others, industrialization and urbanization.\"It is crucial to study these deeply relevant issues if we want to study and understand development of the state. We also need to undertake research on labour markets and employment and gender issues,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11971101", "title": "Congress to raise Betma issue in state assembly", "text": "INDORE: The opposition Congress is all set to corner Shivraj Singh Chouhan government in Madhya Pradesh and raise the Betma gang rape in which 18 people, including politicians' kin, allegedly raped two schoolgirls and made their MMS clip.\"There is a virtual collapse of law and order in the state. Our legislators will take up the Betma gang rape and MMS scandal on the first day of the budget session\", leader of the opposition Ajay Singh told TOI.On February 10 two schoolgirls were gang raped by 18 persons in Betma village, about 50 kilometers from here. The shocking incident had laid bare the deteriorating law and order situation in the state. Local BJP corporator's son, Vikas Bharati, and Dilip Kushwaha, grandson of a former Congress corporator were among the 18 accused.Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has announced a compensation of Rs two lakh each to the two victims.Meanwhile, Member of Parliament from Indore Sumitra Mahajan met the IG (Indore range) Anuradha Shankar and the SSP A Sai Manohar to discuss the progress in the inquiry of Betma case and demanded action against all the accused irrespective of their political clout and affiliations.\" The issue is sensitive should be kept free of politics,\" she said.However, Mahajan claimed that the law and order situation in Madhya Pradesh is much better than in other states of the country. \"I just returned from Pune, where the situation is worse,\" she claimed and advised the leader of opposition to visit states like Maharashtra and then compare the law and order situation with MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11970230", "title": "Traumatized kids need comfort and support", "text": "BANGALORE: Traumatic experiences can leave scars on a child's mind, which stay forever. To deal with them, the child needs the support of the parents the most - both emotional and psychological.\"Talk to the child. Believe him and never blame him. Attach no shame to the incident but treat it like any other unpleasant incident, like a broken leg, bullying by classmates, or a road accident caused by some else's carelessness or deliberate wrongdoing,\" said Dr Shaibya Saldanha, chief faculty, Collaborative Child Response unit project, Enfold Trust.\"Children as young as five years have been victims of abuse in schools. If the child is frightened, she needs to be comforted. If she has been given the impression by the abuser that it is just a game, she needs to be guided away from that line of thinking. Here, parents need to approach the child in a way they see fit, but without inducing guilt in the child. Obviously, it is necessary to find out from the child whether it has happened before and if other children in her class have had such experiences too. If the child has not been told earlier about what kind of touch is 'bad', now is the time to tell her,\" said Shyamala Vatsa, consultant psychiatrist.\"An older child is likely to be affected much more, and get angry and depressed in turns. She may feel guilty and conclude that she somehow invited the abuse. She must be reassured that what happened is not her fault. She will take time to get over it and the parents will have to be patient and staunchly supportive. She could meet a mental health professional for a few weeks if her distress is more than what her parents can bear, especially as they will be troubled too,\" she added.Many of the children fail to open up in the initial days, mostly because the perpetrator would have threatened the child. \"There are a large number of behavioural indications which children show when they have undergone abuse which can be identified. However, many children are able to hide the trauma they are undergoing and may never disclose what happened, till much later,\" points out Dr Shaibya.\"Usually, the child withdraws from the daily routine and activities that interest him. They might show signs of sleeplessness and getting emotional with routine affairs. Any change in behavioural pattern has to be taken seriously by parents. They go through mental confusion about whether parents will accept them if they get to know about it,\" said Nalini Dwarakanath, psychologist and social counsellor at IISc.And lastly, the abuser has to be taken to task legally. Knowing that justice has been served will help the child accept that she was an unfortunate victim and not be harsh on herself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11970073", "title": "Ex-mayor's grilling by police sparks furore", "text": "MANGALORE: Tension prevailed outside Mangalore North Police station late on Sunday when police brought in former mayor K Ashraf for questioning in a case of sexual assault on a minor. As news of Ashraf being brought to the office of assistant commissioner of police (ACP), Mangalore central division, spread , a group of people gathered outside the police station which also houses the office of the ACP.City Police Chief Seemanth Kumar Singh told TOI that ACP Ravindra Gadadi picked up Ashraf for questioning as he had certain leads about the likelihood of the former mayor, now a sitting corporator from the Congress, being involved or linked to the case.Senior Congress leaders led by Mangalore MLA U T Khader too descended on the station in Ashraf's support.The crowd demanded that police nab the real accused rather than target Ashraf. Seemanth said the main accused in the case are absconding and efforts are on to nab them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11971923", "title": "'Forgotten' Gurbani strings draw foreign Sikh converts", "text": "IP SinghSULTANPUR LODHI: For almost a fortnight, soulful music from traditional string instruments, which have almost gone into oblivion, wafted from centuries-old Qila Sarai till Monday. Gurbani kirtan practitioners, mostly Sikh converts from foreign countries, practiced finer nuances in a unique workshop organized by Anad Foundation.Siri Ram Kaur Khalsa, an Italian student of kirtan since 1996, said after embracing Sikhism, he got the opportunity to study Gurbani kirtan at the place where Guru Nanak Dev lived for several years. \"It is like coming back home. All the people in the town have accepted us like a family. It has been amazing to receive their kindness and care,\" she said, while speaking to TOI.The workshop was organized by Bhai Baldeep Singh, who had also taken up the issue of conservation of Qila Sarai and revive the heritage. The event brought people from India, Canada, the US, UK and Italy on a common platform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11969610", "title": "Identity of language", "text": "(How can I ever forget February 21 - a day smeared in the blood of my brothers?)It's a day that evokes very strong emotions. Because, it was not just a movement for getting official recognition for Bangla from the erstwhile Central Government of Pakistan, it became an assertion of Bengali nationalist identity and set East and West Pakistan on a collision course that eventually led to the birth of Bangladesh. And the bhasha andolan (language movement) also inspired development and celebration of Bangla literature, arts and culture, thus having a major impact on Bengali society at large. February 21, which was recognized by Unesco as International Mother Language Day at its session in November, 1999, is a national holiday in Bangladesh where lakhs of people congregate at iconic Shahid Minar in Dhaka - and its replicas across the country - to pay respects to the martyrs of the movement who were killed in police firing in Dhaka on this day in 1952. Ekushey Padak, one of the highest civilian awards of Bangladesh, is given out on this day.But across the international border, in India, Ekushey February evokes a somewhat mixed and a trifle tepid response. While a section of Bangla-advocates in West Bengal decry the gradual erosion of the language from the state's popular discourse and narrative, many litterateurs and intellectuals see no reason for attaching too much importance to this day. Linguist Pabitro Sarkar is one who strongly feels that February 21 should be observed with vigour every year \"to recreate history and promote awareness of the importance of one's mother tongue,\" especially among the young. \"Bangla is being marginalized by English which has political and economic power. In fact, all vernacular languages in our country are facing a threat from English. People today feel that learning English opens the doors to higher knowledge and employment. While that's true, one also needs to learn one's mother tongue. But there's no quarrel between English and Bangla; my only contention is that English should not be learnt at the cost of Bangla,\" he says.Author Mani Shankar Mukherjee echoes this view. \"Mother tongue should be the foundation of a proper education. A person who hasn't learnt his own mother language can't master a foreign language,\" he says, adding that both Bangla and English can co-exist harmoniously. February 21, reminds Shankar (he's popularly known by his nom de plume), is not only for Bangla, but for all vernacular languages all over the world. \"In West Bengal, we've always had a liberal outlook towards foreign languages and our litterateurs have mastered many languages including Arabic and Persian. But they never forgot their mother tongue and were equally fluent and comfortable in it,\" he added. Like Sarkar, he says that many Bengalis, primarily the urban middle class, feel mastering Bangla is a waste of time because it offers no employment opportunities. \"This hasn't happened in Bangladesh; they're committed to Bangla,\" he says.Sarkar says that the craze for \"English education\", especially among parents in urban and semi-urban areas, is harming Bangla. \"Parents are obsessed with getting their kids admitted to English-medium schools, many of which don't impart quality education. So a large number of children don't know wither English or Bangla properly. There are good Bengla-medium schools, but they're badly maintained and don't have proper uniforms etc which parents these days think is necessary,\" says Sarkar. \"The move by the last government to have Bangla as the medium of instruction at the primary level was right, but the government couldn't convince people about its desirability,\" he added. Shankar, too, felt that a strong grounding in one's mother tongue is necessary. \"Unfortunately, the craze for English is such that Bangla is suffering. But that's because people aren't aware that a child needs to learn one's mother tongue first before learning other languages,\" said Shankar.But both Sarkar and Shankar assert that Bangla won't die. \"As long as literature, theatre and films are produced in good Bangla, the language will thrive. And a lot of good productions in all these fields are happening in Bangla,\" says Sarkar. Shankar says that with 250 million people speaking in Bangla, there's no question of the language dying out. Historian Jayanta Ray, who is an authority on Bangladesh, disagrees with the contention that Bangla is being neglected in West Bengal. \"If children are not learning Bangla properly, it is the fault of the teachers. There's no apathy towards Bangla,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11969532", "title": "Panel to examine death of baby given polio drops", "text": "PUNE: The Adverse Effects Following Immunisation (AEFI) committee at Ratnagiri, constituted by the state health department, will analyse the death of an eight-month-old baby girl who had received oral polio vaccine (OPV) drops in Nandgaon village on Sunday. The health department has also asked officials concerned to send a sample of the batch of polio vaccine administered to the baby for testing and analysis.The eight-month-old baby girl who had received OPV drops at an immunisation booth at Nandgaon village in Ratnagiri district on Sunday around 11.30 am, developed convulsions around 5.30 pm and died at a private hospital at 8 pm, health officials said.V M Kulkarni, assistant director of the state health services and in charge of the immunisation programme, said, \"Infant deaths after immunisation are usually coincidental. These deaths have some other co-factors linked to them, than vaccination. Still, the reasons for these deaths are investigated by the AEFI committees set up in all the 34 districts in the state. The baby's death will also be taken up at the district committee for audit and analysis.\" AEFI is a general term that covers various reasons, including bad vaccine quality due to breaks in the cold chain, contamination and complications due to pre-existing conditions of the child.\"We have asked the officials concerned to send us a sample of the batch of OPV administered to the baby for testing and analysis. Prima facie, the death appears to be coincidental. Two of the baby's elder sisters also received oral drops from the same vial and they didn't develop any reaction. The oral polio vaccine is considered 100% safe by the World Health Organisation ,\" Kulkarni said.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan flagged off the polio immunisation drive in Maharashtra by administering the oral drops to two children at fort Shivneri, Junnar, in Pune district on February 19. Around 1.20 crore children below five years are to be covered during the drive.L S Sale, district health officer, Ratnagiri, said, \"The baby girl was administered OPV at an immunisation booth set up at village Nandgaon at 11.30 am on Sunday. The family took the baby and her sisters back home. At around 5.30 pm, the baby developed symptoms following which she was rushed to a private hospital in Kervan, where she died at 8 pm.\"\"The baby had a history of fall. We are suspecting that an internal head injury might have caused convulsions in the baby,\" Sale said, adding, \"All the other children who were vaccinated in Nandgaon are fine. Each vial of polio vaccine contains 15 to 18 doses. The other babies who received drops from the same vial are fine.\"\"The post-mortem was carried out on the baby, but the report didn't indicate anything. However, the viscera has been preserved for further testing and analysis,\" Kulkarni said. \"Every year, there are 20 lakh babies born in Maharashtra. Going by the Infant Mortality Rate of 30 per 1,000 live births, we can expect at least 16 deaths of babies under one year every day. Such incidental deaths during the polio vaccination drive are extremely unfortunate,\" he added.Meanwhile, a three-and-half-year-old girl also developed minor complications after being administered OPV in Gondia. \"The baby is fine now. She seems to have swallowed particles of a drug given to her father for mental illness,\" an official said.Infant deaths after immunisation in Maharashtra have been steadily rising over the years, a fact admitted by the state health department itself. The department's report, released in May last year, pegs infant deaths after immunisation in 2009-10 at 33 in the state, up from 26 and 15 in 2008-09 and 2007-08 respectively.Union health ministry statistics obtained under the Right to Information Act show that 128 children died in 2010 in the country due to AEFI. That count has risen in the past three years, with 111 such deaths in 2008 and 116 in 2009. Infant deaths due to AEFI are rare but a well-documented fallout of vaccination. Calling vaccines safe, paediatricians say that while side-effects such as mild fever or redness at the site where the shots have been administered are common, adverse reactions occur in one out of 10 to 20 million doses globally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11971116", "title": "Gorgeous and young sashay down the ramp", "text": "LUDHIANA: \"Mr and Miss Super Model 2012'', a beauty and modelling contest, was organized at F2 Raceway in South City on Monday. Boys and girls, who were 18-year-old and above from the region, came in large numbers for the auditions. Three girls of Delhi, Hisar and Pathankot were selected.Its grand finale will be organized on March 4 at Gymkhana Club, Sector 6, Panchkula, where 15 boys and as many girls will compete for the titles.Six candidates will get a wild card entry to the finale through the ongoing Facebook contest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11968733", "title": "Pregnant woman drinks toxic liquid in Mysore hospital, dies", "text": "MYSORE: A pregnant woman died on Sunday evening under mysterious circumstances at the government-run Cheluvamba hospital which is meant exclusively for women and children. Rajeshwari, 20, of Kestur village in Chamarajanagar, had been admitted that morning following labour pain.Hospital authorities claim she mistakenly consumed toxic liquid given by another patient thinking it was water. While Devaraja Police say her husband Bangarshetty complained against hospital staff and the patient and held them responsible for the death. A case has been registered under IPC Section 304-A (causing death by negligence) against the accused. Hospital authorities ordered an inquiry into the incident.Cheluvamba hospital medical superintendent Dr B Krishnamurthy told TOI doctors were preparing to remove the stillborn baby. As the mother was anaemic, they wanted to give her blood before inducing labour and then remove the 8-month-old baby.Rajeshwari, who was under observation in the labour ward, experienced pain in the abdomen and asked another patient for water. Unsuspecting patient may have taken a bottle containing chemical used for fumigation, and have given it to Rajeshwari just after the dusk. Dr Krishnamurthy claims the bottle contained a chemical used as disinfectant. He ordered an inquiry to ascertain how the incident had taken place. A show-cause notice has been issued to the medical officers on duty and paramedical staff.Bangarshetty, a daily wage worker, married Rajeshwari a year ago. A family source claimed she was tested at a primary health centre in Chamarajanagar where they came to know the baby was dead. She was then shifted to Mysore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11971435", "title": "Robbery brings to fore the gaps in security of most banks", "text": "CHENNAI: The robbery at an Indian Overseas Bank branch in Madipakkam on Monday, the second within a month, has revealed a truth. Most bank branches in the city still haven't installed devices such as security alarms, closed-circuit television (CCTV) cameras , burglar alarms, etc.. The Bank of Baroda branch at Perungudi, robbed on January 23 was touted as a 'next gen' branch. It didn't have a CCTV camera.After that incident, police convened a meeting with bankers where banks were instructed to go in for holistic security solutions across their branches. Notices saying \"this branch is not safe for banking\" would be put up on the premises of those that didn't comply, police warned.Some have complied. Indian Bank has defined a list of security measures across its 800 branches in the state. \"Our 90 currency chest (to facilitate distribution of bank notes and coins, RBI has authorized select branches of scheduled banks to establish currency chests where bank notes and rupee coins are stocked on behalf of RBI ) branches are equipped with CCTV cameras and burglar alarms,\" says chairman and managing director TM Bhasin.Federal Bank has instructed guards outside its ATMs not to let people with helmets inside and sends nodal officers on sudden verification drives across branches and ATMs in the city.However, bankers say installing CCTV cameras and the like isn't enough. \"The need of the hour is an integrated system, a central control room where there is continuous monitoring of branch activities,\" said a senior banker who didn't want to be named.While police stress the need for installing security devices across all branches, bankers say procuring them isn't easy. \"In nationalized banks like ours, there is a process relating to purchasing and installing of CCTVs. Tenders have to be floated, followed by tabulation and evaluation by bids. From the date of placing an advertisement for CCTV bids to getting them, it's around six months,\" says a Central Bank of India official. The bank now rents such devices for its 28 branches and 20-odd ATMs in the city.While all ATMs are to be guarded, some bankers express doubts about the quality of such manpower. \"Security agencies normally hire retired army jawans and eldery persons to guard ATMs 24x7,\" says Palaniappan TK, zonal head, Chennai zone, Federal Bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11969336", "title": "Arya orphanage case: Medical test on 3 boys today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three boys, who had been allegedly sodomised at the Arya orphanage, will undergo medical examination on Tuesday. And if the allegation is proved, more FIRs will be registered, say cops. Already, three orphanage staffers have been arrested and two of them are out on bail.Police had come to know about these boys - students of third and fourth standard - through the statement of a nine-year-old boy, who had been allegedly sodomised by a 14-year-old boy at the orphanage. In fact, these boys were so scared that they didn't want to approach the cops.\"It was only when the nine-year-old victim disclosed that they, too, were victims of abuse, we decided to get them examined,\" said a senior police officer.Meanwhile, at a media conference on Monday, Bharti Ali from 'Haq: Centre for Child Rights' condemned the bail granted to two of the Arya orphanage staffers arrested in the case and alleged that they were back in the orphanage. She further said that cops were privy to the conversation between her NGO and the children at the orphanage, yet they waited for a parent or guardian to register a case to take action.\"The delay in registering cases reflects that there is no system of child protection,\" she added.But the state-appointed administrator at the orphanage said that the two accused are not on duty and that special orders have been issued to keep them away from children.He, however, couldn't answer if they are in the orphanage or elsewhere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "11971745", "title": "A man found dead in Wardha", "text": "WARDHA: A man was found dead in suspicious condition in a well in Mahavir Udyan, Ramnagar, on Monday morning. Police doubt it to be a case of murder. Deceased Satish Uike (32) was a resident of Dehankar Layout, Ramnagar.Police said, \"It seems he was attacked by some persons with stones. He suffered head injuries. Some more injuries were also found on his body.\"A member of Satish's family said, \"He said that he is going out for dinner at 10pm but after that he didn't return. This morning we heard the sad news.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11971034", "title": "Two city colleges win awards at BAJA SAE", "text": "INDORE: Two city colleges baged three awards at the BAJA SAE India 2012. Shri Govindram Seksaria Institute of Technology and Science (SGSITS) bagged two awards, while the Institute of Engineering Technology (IET) won one award.Under the static event award SGSITS ended up as runner for Ansys Award and the college also got the 'Pride of Indore Award'.Jhanvi Shrivastava, a second year student of mechanical engineering of SGSITS said, \"This was the first time when we completed the track round. Last year we could not complete the track round mainly because of problem in our gear box, so this time we come up with a vehicle without gear system.\"The 25-member team had four girls and 21 boys, most of them had cleared the written and some of them are expected to get job offers at the end of HR round on Tuesday.IET made the city proud by winning Go Green Award at the contest. Parth, a team-member said that the entire team is elated with the performance.Meanwhile, around 1000 engineering students from the 100 participating teams took part in the HR round on Monday. Wherein around half dozen automobile companies quized the participants. About 200 students are expected to get job offers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "surat/ahmedabad", "code": "11971048", "title": "Rough diamond imports from Zimbabwe to spur jobs in Surat", "text": "SURAT/AHMEDABAD: With imports of low-range rough diamonds from Zimbabwe expected to soar, it's going to rain jobs in Surat, the world's largest cutting and polishing centre, this year.According to industry estimates, at least 60,000 workers will be required in Surat as this is the only centre in India to specialize in cutting and polishing rough diamonds from the African country's Marange mines. The impact will also be felt in cutting centres of Ahmedabad which often get the spillover from Surat.Dinesh Navadia, president of Surat Diamond Association (SDA) said, \"The small cutting centres like Ahmedabad, Bhavnagar and Amreli will also get the benefit of increase in employment due to the flow of Zimbabwe diamonds. Many units outsource cutting and polishing work to these small centres as well. At present, 4 lakh workers are employed in Surat's nearly 3,500 cutting and polishing units. The industry is expected to import $1.5 billion worth roughs from Zimbabwe this year.After laying off thousands during the global meltdown in 2008, most of the big, small and medium diamond manufacturers in the city are head-hunting for fresh and skilled talent from Saurashtra region. Many are even offering incentives like referral awards to those workers who help bring in new talent while the wages have also gone up by at least 10 per cent.\"I need at least 50 more workers and have started searching for skilled polishers from my native Gadhada in Bhavnagar district. My inventory of roughs has increased due to high demand of low-range polished goods in the retail markets of India, China, Hong Kong and the Middle-East,\" said Harshad Vekaria, who owns a diamond manufacturing unit in Varachha employing 150 polishers.\"We believe that the flow of Zimbabwe diamonds will create over 60,000 jobs in the Surat industry. Zimbabwe diamonds are cheaper than those from other mining countries and manufacturers in Surat have a win-win situation,\" said Sanjay Kothari, vice chairman of Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11970189", "title": "Palemar says he was victimized", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore North MLA Krishna J Palemar, who arrived in the city on Monday for the first time after the porn scandal hit the headlines, said he had nothing to feel embarrassed as he was not connected with it.Palemar, who was on his way to attend a function at a temple, told TOI that he was emotionally hurt as he was victimized for no fault of his.Palemar said he was not feeling like a fish out of water after he resigned as a minister as he thought power was always temporary.Expressing confidence that the House Committee probe would prove his innocence, Palemar said the people in the district knew him for long both as an MLA and an in-charge minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "11969818", "title": "Meet in Davanagere to discuss ban on animal sacrifice", "text": "DAVANAGERE: The district administration will convene a meeting at Thrishul Kalabhavan in Davanagere at 3 pm on Tuesday to discuss about the need of enforcing a ban of sacrificing animals in the view of forthcoming Sri Durgambika Devi fair and other local fairs in the next two months. Several religious leaders, seers and elected representatives will participate in the meeting.The event is being organized in association with Karuna Jeeva Kalyana Trust, Human Rights Club, Spoorthi Seva Sangha, KRRS,DSS and Progressive forums of women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11971971", "title": "Civic body bid to beautify Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: The Ranchi Municipal Corporation is planning to beautify the city and renovate two bus stands, ITI and Kantatoli, for which the state government has allotted Rs 10 crore.\"The bus stands will be renovated and basic amenities, including shelter for passengers and public toilets, will be constructed. The government has already allotted money for the renovation and it will be sanctioned after we send an estimate,\" said chief executive officer Vinay Chaubey.The RMC has also come up with a plan to make a parking lot-cum-vending zone-cum night shelter at the daily market taxi stand. The parking space will be made at the basement and ground floor and the first floor will be converted into vending zones. The second floor of the building will be converted into night shelter.Chaubey said, \"Engineers have already started the work for preparing an estimate. Once the estimate is made, it will be sent to the government for providing funds.\"A market place will also be made in Madhukam for the displaced street vendors. \"The land has been identified. There will be 250 shops in the market which will be allotted to the shopkeepers by drawing lottery,\" said Chaubey. \"The proposal of the market place will be the main agenda in the RMC standing committee meeting which is to be held on February 27. The market will cover a big number of displaced vendors,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11971292", "title": "Chilling out is in transition", "text": "PUNE: The city held its own ground in a pool of eight mega cities when it came to leisure facilities which included shopping, night life, entertainment and eating out. The cultural capital of the state cannot match Mumbai's vibrancy but there is much happening here on the shop, eat and make merry front.Till recently, Puneites ended their socialising hours much early, by 7.30 pm. Shopping in Pune meant visiting Laxmi Road, Tulshibaug or MG Road In Camp. Shopping too came with quirks. Salesmen in no other city except Pune asked for the budget before making a sales pitch and ticked people for window shopping or feeling the material.A cutting chai, misal, dosa, sabudana khichadi, a Maharashtrian thali or paav bhaji ruled taste buds. Night life meant catching the night show at a single-screen theatre. Orthodox Pune has changed in the past two decades. Shopping options include malls, entertainment at multiplexes, night clubs, and in-creasing speciality restaurants have changed the look, feel and taste of the city. It is no wonder then that in The Times of India-IMRB quality of life survey, Pune is placed at number three in the leisure facilities segment comprising entertainment facilities, eating out facilities, night life and shopping options.Mumbai was at the top with 3.6 rating (on a scale of 1 to 5) in entertainment facilities, followed by Kolkata (3.4) and Pune and Delhi jointly at three with rating of 3.3. Results of the survey were first published on December 11, 2011, with urbanites and experts perceiving Ahmedabad as offering the best Quality of Life among eight mega-cities in the country. It was followed by Pune, while Mumbai and Delhi were tied for third. In the eating out parameter, Pune with a rating of 3.4 is ahead of Ban-galore, Chennai (3.3), Hyderabad (3) and Kolkata (2.9). The topper in this parameter is Mumbai with 3.6 rating. In the night life parameter, Pune is at number three with a rating of 2.7 where the topper is again Mumbai with 3.2. But the city is ahead of Hyderabad (2.5), Ahmedabad, Delhi and Bangalore (2.3), Chennai (2.1).Only in the shopping parameter that Pune is down at number five with a rating of 3 as against topper Mumbai with a 3.5 rating.However, Rajiv Malla, centre director of a mall feels that the situation is improving and retail is booming in Pune. \"Today, Pune is not only one of the fastest growing cities in India, but also has a vibrant retail life. Previously, Puneites were considered traditional, conservative and price-conscious buyers, but now changing lifestyle and higher disposable income coupled with greater affordability have changed consumer behaviour,\" he said.Gourmet specialist Karen Anand, who has many cook books under her belt, feels that the new entrants - the city's growing expat population and a large number of cosmopolitan Indians, have led to a spurt in restaurants here.However, when it comes to night life stringent deadlines are a grouse that surface every time. Hospitality expert Rajendra Kelshikar said night life which includes dining out, pubbing, gaming, movies, city sight seeing or shopping depends on the way the government looks at the issue.\"These add brand value to the city on the national and international map. The change in the city is due to the migration because of the education, engineering and software industry development. If planned meticulously, any city can become more vibrant and exciting for the locals as well as the visitors without losing its core values,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11971822", "title": "Kalamna warehouse victim Gaikwad succumbs", "text": "NAGPUR: After battling for his life for 20 days, Rajesh Gaikwad, a victim of the Kalamna warehouse collapse, succumbed on Sunday night. With the death of the labourer who had inhaled ammonia when the cold storage building caved in, the toll in the tragedy went up to 18.For a week after the January 30 accident, Gaikwad (40) was at the government-run Mayo hospital. After that, his family shifted him to a private hospital to avail better treatment. Last week, Gaikwad's family had told TOI that they had to sell their ancestral house and were about to sell their farm to meet the huge medical bills of private hospital.A relative of the Gaikwad's, Shankarlal Kothari informed that Rajesh's wife Brijbai was kept in the dark about her husband's demise and sent back to the village in Dongargarh. \"She would have been too shocked by the news. We wanted to break it to her at a place where she would have people to take care of her. So, we forced her to return to the village on the pretext of looking after her kids for a while,\" he explained.The relatives were disappointed no government aid came their way despite Rajesh having been injured in a tragedy of such scale. Rajesh had five children aged between 18 and 8, all of whom are attending school. Their future, especially completion of their education, is uncertain now, say the kin.The five-storeyed warehouse at Kalamna's Chikhli layout collapsed on the evening of January 30 claiming 17 lives and injuring 16 others. Several traders suffered losses amounting to crores of rupees as goods stored in the building were either destroyed or pilfered. Most of the injured were discharged within a week of the tragedy, Gaikwad being the only one who needed extensive hospitalization. His main problem was having inhaled a lot of ammonia, a gas used as refrigerant in the cold storage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11970543", "title": "Spell of cloudy weather likely in March", "text": "KANPUR: The maximum temperature took a further toll on Monday due to calm winds and clear skies. The clear skies also added to the drastic dip in humidity as well.The maximum temperature on Monday was 25.3 degrees celsius, while the minimum temperature was 11.4 degrees. The rise in minimum temperature is also due to no cloud cover in the evenings. The humidity level went down to 40% in the afternoon, while the initial humidity recorded was 84%.\"Witnessing 24 to 27 degree temperature by February end is not new and very common for the region. But, this year the winds are constantly changing directions and even clouds are responsible for hotter days,\" said CB Singh, agro-meteorologist at CSA.He went on to add that the similar weather conditions would prevail in the days to come. There are chances of another round of cloudy days in the beginning of March. \"The maximum temperature will hover between 24 to 27 degrees, while the minimum temperature will rise to 12 to 14 degrees by the end of the month,\" added CB Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11971643", "title": "Weavers want perks in budget to arrest negative growth", "text": "SURAT: Federation of Indian Art Silk Weaving Industry (FIASWI) has made a number of demands in the forthcoming budget to arrest the negative growth in the man-made fibre industry in the country, especially in its nerve centre Surat.FIASWI chairman Arun Jariwala said powerloom industry's main concern is availability of raw material which has high fluctuations in prices due to monopolistic pattern of production of man-made yarns by a few domestic manufacturers.Almost all the man-made yarns have to pay anti-dumping duties, which are enforced due to strong monopolistic manufacturers and financial weakness of the decentralized weaving sector. This has resulted in negative growth of fabric production and increase in imports of fabrics from China and other countries.The percentage growth in the production of man-made fabrics was 11.23% during 2009-10 over 2008-09 which fell to -4.95% during 2010-11 over the period 2009-10, and further the growth fell sharply by -7.04% during April - June 2011-12 over the same period of 2010-11.The textile ministry has prepared a draft national fibre policy envisaging to achieve a goal to consume cotton and man-made fibre in the ratio of 40:60. At present the ratio is 61:39 and hence, in the formulation of next budget, fiscal and monetary steps are needed to be taken, he said.FIASWI has recommended that all the textiles and fibres should attract a uniform excise duty of 4 per cent and that there should be customs duty exemption for specialized man-made filament yarn which are not produced indigenously. It has also sought reduction in the 5 per cent excise duty on automatic and projectile looms to encourage fabric manufacturers in the decentralized powerloom sector to upgrade their weaving facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11975656", "title": "Tamil Nadu setting high standards", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu is aiming at securing 100% pass rate in government schools across the state, on par with private unaided schools in the state. To achieve this target department officials should not take leave till the exams are over, school education minister N R Sivapathy said.Giving district education officers in the state a pep talk during a review meeting in the run up to the exams, minister Sivapathy said, \"A private matriculation school starts in a small way, and soon grows so big that it draws the best students from the area. When the government spends so much on education why can't we do better or as well as matriculation schools,\" he asked. He asked the DEOs to find out how many schools secured centum pass results in the board exams last year, and set personal targets to see that they exceeded that number this year.He said that it was the responsibility of the DEOs to ensure the smooth conduct of the exams and to see that nobody indulges in malpractices during the exams inside the exam hall or outside. Conduct meetings with the school heads regularly to check whether teachers have completed the syllabus and are revising the portions, and visit schools often, minister Sivapathy told the officials. Incentives and awards await best performing officials, the minister said.Speaking about the arrangements made for the conduct of the board exams in Tamil Nadu, minister Sivapathy asked the officials to ensure that no school makes children take the board exam seated on the ground or elsewhere on campus. Schools where a large number of children are set to take the exam must have enough furniture to seat all the children. He asked the DEOs to ensure that they have enough scribes in hand to assist children with disabilities to take the exam.He said that during the Budget session the Tamil Nadu government had announced that 710 middle schools in Tamil Nadu would be upgraded to high schools and 100 high schools to higher secondary schools. He asked the DEOs to check how many have been upgraded and to allot candidates to fill teaching and non-teaching post vacancies in the schools.\"Some school heads are just looking to see when the school day will end so they can go home. Some teachers also run businesses on the side. DEOs must visit the school often and ensure that such things don't happen,\" Sivapathy said. He asked them to ensure that DEOs run a background check on the character of part time teachers on consolidated pay drawn from the Parent Teacher Association.\"Because they work part time and don't know which school they would be put in next they do not take care to behave properly with the students. Give preference to married people and not bachelors while allotting work,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11970224", "title": "Policeman in Jarawa video identified", "text": "NEW DELHI: Andaman and Nicobar Island Police have identified one of its personnel who was allegedly involved in the controversial 'human safari' episode, where members of Jarawa tribe were made to dance, in return for food by foreign tourists.Strict action will be taken the cop, sources said here. The cop was recently identified after a through examination of the video footage and the sound sample as he had briefly appeared in one of the video footages, they added. The video was shot in September 2008 and the inquiry is on to identify another man who had appeared in it in military overalls.Though the name of the accused has not yet been divulged by the cops, sources said the Andaman and Nicobar administration has informed the Tribal Affairs Ministry and National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST) on the development.Initially, Andaman police had denied the involvement of its personnel in the episode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11970848", "title": "CBI to file closure report on habeas corpus filed by Bhanwari's husband", "text": "JODHPUR: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) will submit a closure report on the habeas corpus petition filed by government nurse Bhanwari Devi's husband Amarchand in the Rajasthan High Court on Tuesday. The agency had told the court in the previous hearing last month that it would submit a status report requesting the court to drop the petition on the basis of its conclusion that the nurse was dead.Amarchand's petition led to investigation into the case of Bhanwari Devi who had gone missing on September 1 last year. Since then, several high-profile politicians have been arrested in the case.The case has seen arrests of former state minister Mahipal Maderna who allegedly features in a compromising position with the nurse on a CD and Congress MLA from Luni constituency Malkhan Singh Bishnoi along with 14 others. It is alleged that the nurse was blackmailing Maderna on the basis of the CD following which he got her eliminated. The CBI claims to have recovered her bones from Jaloda village in Jodhpur rural where she was allegedly brunt to death.The anticipation of what would be in the closure report had left many curious as the agency had claimed earlier before the court that it will complete investigation and even try to file the chargesheet by February 21. However, there was no confirmation where the chargesheet will be filed on Monday.Sources said that the CBI is taking time in filing the chargesheet because Malkhan Singh's sister Indra Bishnoi, a prime suspect in the case, is still at large and report of the samples collected from Jaloda, where Bhanwari was said to be disposed of, is still awaited. \"We are expecting to file the charge-sheet by the end of this month\", told Dharini Mishra, CBI spokes-person.During the previous hearing in the high court on 10 January, the CBI had apprised the court of its conclusion that Bhanwari was no more and argued in the court that there was no point maintaining the habeas corpus. The agency had also informed the court about invocation of the section 302 of IPC in the case and that the final charge-sheet would soon be filed in the case once the absconders were arrested. But the court rejecting their plea asked the CBI to produce a report before the court to this effect and listed the matter for hearing on 21 February.But according to a legal expert, the court was looking forward to the declaration in written by the CBI about Bhanwari being no more, which was not the case on the hearing of 10 January. \"But now, since the CBI has admitted in writing in a lower court last week that she is no more, the same can be done in the high court\", he told. \"Subject to its satisfaction, as the high court is concerned only about the corpus and its status, the court may dispose of the petition terming it in fructuous\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11969959", "title": "Father seeks CBI probe in son\u2019s murder", "text": "MADURAI: Alleging that his son was brutally murdered by his wife under the pretext of self defence, the father of Veeranan alias Jothibasu has filed a writ petition seeking a CBI probe into the incident. Usharani, the woman, had assaulted her husband with a cricket bat when he allegedly attempted to molest their daughter.Later, she was let off by the investigation officer citing that she had acted in self defence. In his petition, Veeranan's father S Samayamuthu said since self defence was the only possible way to escape criminal action, the woman cleverly fabricated a false statement saying the deceased tried to rape his own daughter.According to the petitioner, on February 9, his son Jothibasu was murdered by his daughter-in-law Usharani, who was assisted by her father, brother, her employer and two others. Even after receiving the complaint from him, the inspector of police, Oomatchikulam, did not conduct a proper enquiry by taking into account the previous animosity between the couple. He said the inspector had only accepted his daughter-in-law's version. The father alleged that the injuries which were identified on his son's body, clearly revealed multiple injuries and seemed to be caused by several persons. Samayamuthu also pointed out that his daughter-in-law, on earlier occasions, with the intention to murder his son, had attacked him and later he was admitted in hospital. The matter is likely to come up for hearing on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11971440", "title": "FIR filed against Rahul for flouting roadshow rules", "text": "KANPUR: Congress star campaigner Rahul Gandhi was slapped with a case on Monday for flouting restrictions on his six-hour road show in the city on Sunday.The Kanpur district administration registered a case for violating restrictions imposed under Section 144 of the CrPC. Police slapped cases on Rahul and the Kanpur district Congress chief for 'disobedience to order by public servant', causing 'danger or obstruction in public way' and creating 'public nuisance'. The case was registered on a complaint by area police chowki in-charge Satyendra Singh.\"Congress leaders didn't go by what we instructed. Instead they went ahead with their own plan,\" said district magistrate Dr Hariom.Rahul's roadshow started in Maharajpur and ended at Tatmill roundabout, took six hours, covered almost 35 km and at least seven constituencies. In several areas, curbs were in place ahead of Shivratri celebrations. At one point, a Shiv baraat and Rahul's roadshow came face to face, leading to chaos. While the Shiv baraat invited the smiling and waving campaigner to join them, Rahul's security allowed no such thing.Permission for the roadshow had been granted for two hours and 18 km.DIG (Kanpur range), R K Roy said they went by the rulebook and would pass on the details to the EC as the model code of conduct had also been violated. In Luc know, CEO Umesh Sinha told TOI that EC had noted the in cident but local authorities had yet to intimate them.Union coal minister and Kanpur MP Shriprakash Jaiswal said neither Rahul nor the party had violated any instructions. He alleged that the administration had acted at the state government's be hest. \"We shall lodge a com plaint with the EC,\" he said.Jaiswal said permission had been sought on Saturday but the administration didn't respond and gave permission for Sunday, imposing restric tions. The party was given an option of holding the road show on Tuesday, which it didn't take up.Jaiswal dared the administration to arrest him as he had invited Rahul Gandhi for the roadshow.Assembly elections news 2012UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11971465", "title": "Man cooks up 'dacoity' story to get money kept with friend", "text": "NAGPUR: A property dealer in his 20s fabricated a story of being waylaid and robbed by armed youths on Monday. Jamir Khan, son of an accountant employed with the railways, had claimed that he was robbed of Rs 15 lakh by five goons near Nagpur Central Jail on Wardha road. He also faked some knife injuries on his hand to add authenticity to the story he told the cops.However, crime branch discovered the truth within a few hours of the incident being reported. City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay said Khan's statements were misleading and facts given by him did not stand up to the scrutiny by cops.\"The complainant claimed he was robbed on Wardha Road but no one else on the stretch spotted the incident. So we decided to grill the complainant and he spilled the beans,\" said Dhanvijay. The cash in question has also been traced.\"Jamir called up a friend from Wardha Road before both headed to a relative's place at Kukde layout. They came to the police with the complaint quite late,\" he said. \"Jamir had also said that he was called from behind while he was driving his bike, which also raised doubts,\" said the CP.Senior inspector Madhao Giri's team under additional CP Ravindra K Kadam managed to crack the case after they established contact with Feroze Khan , from whose office the cash had been picked up by Jamir. It came to fore that Jamir had withdrawn Rs 15 lakh from the bank on February 15. He was supposed to pay the amount to one Naidu, but could not do so since he met with an accident.Jamir had kept the cash with Feroze, who had recently opened an office at Bajaj Nagar. However, Feroze had to leave for Pune in a hurry, so Jamir himself removed the cash from Feroze's office on Monday, despite the objections of Feroze's staffers.While Jamir was going to repay the loan, Feroze's aides intercepted him near Ajni chowk. One of Feroze's friends forcibly took away the cash and left the spot. Jamir then decided to lodge a false complaint at Dhantoli police station.\"It was when crime branch started rounding up people and grilling them that the truth came out. Feroze learnt about the incident and contacted Jamir, requesting him to settle the issue,\" said a senior officer.Initially, Jamir had told the police that five goons, three masked, had waylaid him, beaten him up and stabbed him before making away with the Rs 15 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11970596", "title": "Devotees throng Shiva temples on Shivarathri", "text": "MYSORE: The Male Mahadeshwara Hills and temple town of Nanjangud were flooded with devotees on Monday as Shivarathri is being celebrated with religious fervour at the religious sites, even as devotees thronged to temples across Mysore to participate in the celebrations.The ancient Srikanteshwara Temple at Nanjangud will be open till Tuesday morning as thousands offer prayers to the presiding deity Srikanteshwara throughout the night as part of the celebrations. Besides this, special poojas, cultural programmes will be hosted till dawn to facilitate devotees. Since the festival was celebrated on Monday, there were a large number of devotees seen in the morning when the temple opened. By evening the crowd swelled, with thousands making a beeline to the temple town for darshan of the deity.Devotees at M M Hills in Chamarajnagar district started to arrive at the hill shrine, which will host the car festival on Tuesday. With the authorities extending basic facilities, the number of people arriving for the special occasion has multiplied. Thousands from the state and areas bordering Tamil Nadu have arrived at the hill shrine located some 50km from Chamarajnagar and are camping in the area. The authorities for the first time have extended bus facilities, besides drinking water and toilets and parking lots. As the festivities began, hundreds, mainly women from surrounding areas started their trek of some 50km to reach the hill shrine as part of a vow.Meanwhile, thousands visited historical Trinetraswamy temple at the Mysore Palace where the presiding deity was adorned with a golden mask. The kolaga was presented by the Maharaja Jayachamaraja Wadiyar in 1952 and weighs 11kg. The mask will adorn the deity till Tuesday and special arrangements have been made to allow the devotees inside the premises of the palace which will close at 5pm. Devotees visited Shiva temples in the city and offered prayers. Police have beefed up security in the city, especially in the vicinity of the Shiva temples.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11971693", "title": "'House tax to be less than 5%'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Under pressure from UT administration, the civic body has started mulling imposition of house tax, which could be based on the annual rental value of the house and could be collected annually, half yearly, quarterly or monthly. In Chandigarh, it would certainly be less than 5%, as public representatives are not willing to go ahead with it and the authorities have been trying to explain the compulsion, an MC official said.Pressurized Congress-ruled Chandigarh municipal corporation has started the exercise. According to sources in the party and MC, officials have been asked to collect the data of property tax of some, states including national capital Delhi, Uttarakhand , Himachal Pradesh , Madhya Pradesh for detailed study before the preparation of any ratio of the tax. The development came following the UT administrator Shivraj Patil's instruction that if they won't impose the tax then UT will impose the tax on its own by deciding the ratio itself.A senior official of the MC revealed that authority is mulling over the annual rental value (ARV) system of imposition of tax, which is generally acceptable in everywhere and non-controversial method. He said in this system,an annual rental value of the property is calculated and on that value some percentage is fixed for the annual tax.Act that rules cityThe implementation of the property tax on residential property is mandatory under the section 90 of Punjab Municipal Corporation Act, which implements in the city. A detailed letter has been recently sent to MC by the UT administration, mentioning this specific clause. The authority is going to table this letter in the forthcoming monthly house meeting to get support of all municipal councillors on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "11971148", "title": "Army marksmen win 27 medals", "text": "MHOW: The shooters of the Army Marksmanship Unit (AMU) won 27 medals at the Kumar Surendra Singh Shooting Championship held in New Delhi recently. The medal tally included twelve gold, nine silver and six bronze medals.Subedar Pemba Tamang won the gold medal in the 25 metre standard pistol event while subedar Vijay Kumar won gold medals both in the 25 metre rapid fire pistol and the 25 metre centre fire pistol events. In this competition, Vijay also included the pool of probables for the London Olympics.The army team grabbed six out of the eight team gold medals at stake leaving all the other teams far behind.In the 50 metre three position rifle event, subedar Surendre Singh Rathore won the silver medal while havaldar Chain Singh grabbed the bronze medal.The head coach of the pistol team major Amarjeet Singh attributed the excellent performance to the effort of the entire team and the technical expertise provided by the coach of the pistol team Smirnov Pavel and the psychological training which has become a prominent feature of the training schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11969869", "title": "Gang decamps with Rs 14L from bank in Chennai suburb", "text": "CHENNAI: A gang of five armed men robbed a nationalized bank branch in Keelkattalai of 14 lakh on Monday, in the second such incident in the past month. On January 23, a Bank of Baroda branch in Perungudi was robbed of 19 lakh by an armed gang.Around 1.35pm on Monday, the robbers, apparently aged between 25 and 30, entered the Keelkattalai branch of Indian Overseas Bank (IOB), posing as customers. They herded the six staff, including manager Shanmuga Sundaram, and five customers at gunpoint into the strong room and locked it before escaping with 14 lakh, police said.Like in the January 23 incident, the gang members hadn't masked their faces and spoke in Hindi. Another similarity with the robbery in Perungudi, police said, was that the bank branch targeted on Monday, too, didn't have CCTV cameras. This, police suspect, the robbers knew.Police were informed of the incident around 2pm. Commissioner J K Tripathy, additional commissioner (law and order) P Thamaraikannan and other senior officers visited the scene. A sniffer dog was pressed into service, and fingerprint experts lifted several prints from the scene.After preliminary inquires, joint commissioner (south zone) K P Shanmuga Rajeswaran said, \"We suspect the handiwork of the gang that robbed the Perungudi branch of Bank of Baroda on January 23. Six special teams have been formed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11971273", "title": "NCP man, aides arrested for mob attack in Pashan", "text": "PUNE: Fear gripped the residents of Sutarwadi at Pashan after supporters of a local leader of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) allegedly went on a rampage late on Sunday night, ransacking houses, damaging vehicles and assaulting the residents.The leader, Aba Sutar (45), and 12 of his supporters have been arrested. The Chatushrungi police said that around 40 to 50 of Sutar's supporters smashed the doors and windows of seven houses with huge stones.They also broke the windscreens of eight cars and damaged 22 motorcycles. Four residents and two police constables sustained minor injuries in the incident. The residents also claimed that the mob snatched gold chains and looted cash from their houses.The attack was the fourth but biggest incident of postpoll violence in the city after the results of the recentlyconcluded municipal corporation elections were declared on Friday.When asked about the attack allegedly orchestrated by one of his partymen, city NCP spokesperson Ankush Kakade merely said, \"We are looking into the matter. Necessary action will be taken.\" According to the police, the mob attacked the houses of supporters of newly-elected NCP corporator Rohini Chimate.They said Sutar had backed an independent candidate against Chimate in the recent municipal elections, but he was defeated. The NCP leader was sore with many residents of Sutarwadi for backing Chimate and not the independent candidate he was supporting, the police said.Speaking to TOI, Chimate confirmed that the people attacked on Sunday night were her supporters. \"They had helped me during the elections. During campaigning, Sutar had threatened me and my family several times,\" she said.The Chatushrungi police arrested Sutar and 12 of his supporters under sections 395 (dacoity), 324 (voluntarily causing hurt with dangerous weapons or means), 143, 147, 149 (rioting), 332 (voluntarily causing hurt to deter public servant from his duty) of the IPC and also under sections of the Criminal Amendment Act.Chimate also registered a complaint against Sutar and his accomplice, Rahul Kokate, under sections 354 (assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty) of the IPC and under sections of the Prevention of Atrocities Act. Sutar also lodged a complaint with the police against three residents of Sutarwadi - Haribhau Ranpise, Vitthal Ranpise and Narayan Ranpise, alleging that they and 10 others damaged his car with stones.Sutar and his 12 supporters were produced in court on Monday afternoon and remanded to police custody till Wednesday. Aheavy police forcehas been deployed at Sutarwadi. DCP (zone-III) Dnyaneshwar Chavan told TOI that the situation in the area was under control now. \"We will soon arrest all those involved in the attack,\" he said.Chimate told TOI that around 9 pm on Sunday, Sutar and his supporters thrashed a woman and her son in the area. \"I rushed there and put the badly-injured woman in my car to take her to hospital. When my car neared Vitthal temple, Sutar came there in his car and abused me. He attempted to molest me and threatened to kill me and my husband,\" she said. Chimate said she, however, proceeded to the hospital.\"While I was on the way, residents of Sutarwadi called to say that Sutar and his supporters were damaging houses and vehicles in the area,\" she said. One of Chimate's supporters, Atul Ranpise, told TOI that the mob first assaulted him with iron rods and stones. \"I received minor injuries on the forehead. The mob then went on a rampage in the area, which is known as Ranpise lane,\" he said.Ranpise said the mob broke the window-panes of his relative Dattatreya Ranpise's house. \"They thrashed Dattatreya's wife Asha and snatched her gold chain. Some of Sutar's supporters then went to Sumit Ranpise's house and damaged several motorcycles there. They barged into Narayan Ranpise's house and thrashed the people there. Before entering his house, they cut off the electricity supply,\" Ranpise said.\"Constable Haribhau Ranpise, who had come home for dinner, was also thrashed by the mob. They also damaged his motorcycle,\" Sumit Ranpise said. Two constables from the Chatushrungi police station rushed to the spot. However, the mob thrashed one of them, Bhanudas Khandagale, who sustained minor injuries near the left eye. Khandagale called up the control room for police reinforcements. The police said the mob pelted stones at one Santosh Surve's bungalow and broke the windscreens of his car. They then smashed the door of Anand Kokate's house, who had worked as a polling agent for Chimate. \"They beat up Kokate's mother, sister and wife. They fled as soon as the police reinforcements arrived,\" a resident, Dnyaneshwar Sutar, said.Besides Aba Sutar, the others arrested are Samir Sutar , Mahesh Jagdale, Mauli Sutar, Pandurang Devkar, Mahesh Sutar, Samir Jagtap, Mayur Sutar, Dnyaneshwar Marne, Amol Phale, Vijay Sutar, Ishwar Ranavare and Sunil Parkhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11969752", "title": "Chennai summit aims to take art to people", "text": "CHENNAI: Photographs on show in railways stations, installations in IT parks and artists creating work in the sand and water at Marina Beach - this year, Art Chennai 2012 aims to take art to the people, rather than make them come to galleries.The summit, which will be held from March 11 to 18, is being conducted for the second year in the city. \"The idea behind Art Chennai is to improve the visibility of visual arts in south India. So, this year I wanted to take art to public places so that people can really enjoy it,\" says Sanjay Tulsyan, convenor, Art Chennai.Last year, when the event was held for the first time, about 20,000 people visited the 27 shows held in 22 galleries. This year, apart from seminars, art camps, auction and residency programmes, organisers are accepting photographs on city life from amateurs and professionals. These will be judged by a panel of photographers and the works be displayed in six MRTS stations. \"Each person can send in 10 photos. We're working with Goethe Institut and will be displaying about 10,000 sq ft of photos in the stations,\" says Tulsyan.He believes that art in public spaces helps people understand it and drives economic activity. \"Art attracts people and regenerates spaces. Eventually, it drives economic activity too,\" he says, adding that large infrastructure project promoters should make space for art in their architecture.Installations will be up at IT parks, malls, hotels and galleries. \"Five artists will be working with materials, like sand and water, at Marina beach. It will be a week-long interactive project and people can join the artists,\" says Tulsyan, who has been collecting art since 1984.One of the main initiatives is 'To Let the World In', a project involving an exhibition, films and a book on the work of three generations of artists currently working in India. Curated by art historian and Australian National University professor Chaitanya Sambrani, the exhibition will have work of 30 contemporary artists and the first part of a film on them will also be released. There will be talks on contemporary Indian art.There's plenty for students too with an exhibition of their work at Cholamandal Artists' Village and an apprentice programme for art students, who will work with Sambrani to learn the correct way to curate and install an exhibition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11969996", "title": "WGEEP acting under influence of external agencies: KSEB", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Terming the reasons cited by the Western Ghats Ecology Experts Panel (WGEEP) in its report against Athirapilly hydroelectric project as baseless, Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) has questioned the very constitution of the panel and said it was \"acting with a closed mind, under the influence of other agencies.''In a 21 page report submitted to the Principal Secretary (power), dated January 25, 2012, KSEB said the panel paid no attention to the board's explanations regarding the 163 MW Athirapilly power project.\"Only one ex-officio member for Kerala has been included, that too from the biodiversity side in the panel fixed by MoEF. , govt of India.Tamil Nadu has three members including the member secretary of the panel and Karnataka has four members in the panel,'' the board said to cement its argument that Kerala's representation in the panel was grossly inadequate.According to the board, the panel did not consult all the stakeholders before fixing Ecologically Sensitive Areas (ESAs) in the state. Moreover, the criteria followed by the panel for demarcating ESAs were highly subjective and could be conveniently used against any developmental projects.\"On close scrutiny of ESAs identified by the panel in Kerala, all the proposed schemes identified for implementation in Keralastate lie in the areas identified as ESAs,'' the board said.All aspects mentioned in WGEEP report regarding biodiversity were issues voiced by the opponents to the proposed Athirappilly project, time and again, KSEB said. The panel report on the biodiversity part of Athirapilly project has quoted extensively from a report the Kerala State Bio-Diversity Board former chairman Dr V S Vijayan had forwarded to the Prime Minister's Office in December 2006.Incidentally, V S Vijayan is a trustee of Coimbatore based Salim Ali Foundation that spearheads the environmental campaign against Athirapilly project is the lone ex-officio member representing Kerala in WGEEP panel.\"The Expert Appraisal Committee (EAC) in its meeting held on 16th May 2007 had critically reviewed all environmental issues and the site visit report of sub committee had recommended environmental clearance, KSEB claimed in its reply to the panel recommendations.KSEB also stated, \"The EAC in its meeting held on 17th July 2010 critically examined all issues based on reports, facts, discussions and deliberations held among EAC members and concluded that clarifications provided were found satisfactory. No new issues have been raised. No issues highlighted in favour of the project have been included in WGEEP report.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11970202", "title": "Horror tales on the school bus", "text": "BANGALORE: Thirteen-year-old Sneha (name changed) hangs around with a gang of four. They huddle together in their favourite seats in the school bus every day, giggling all the way. One day, their seats were taken up by some others, and they sat next to the driver, Michael bhaiyya. While they chatted, Michael complained of throat pain. He suddenly turned to Sneha, who sat closest to him, and touched her throat three or four times to point out exactly where the pain was. That was Sneha's last school bus journey.Sneha's story did not come as a surprise. There are any number of horror stories of students being harassed, many of them not realizing for a long time that they are being abused. Like the story of an autorickshaw driver in his late 50s raping a four-year-old. The parent came to know about it only when the child started using abusive language not spoken at home.It took an incident or two, but some schools, thankfully, have started reacting to such instances and are careful about commute routes. Many have GPS installed in school buses that gives parents and teachers real-time information on the location of the school bus. Any violation of traffic rules, deviation from route, delay in arrival -- everything is monitored. There is also a system by which messages are sent to parents' mobiles, regarding departure and arrival of the ward.Schools are also careful in sending a male and female attendant on the bus. \"We have 83 employees to take care of the transport section. Each bus has one driver, and a male and female conductor. We ensure that a proper background check is done before we hire a driver or conductor. We talk to their previous employees and most times, they are either known to some of the faculty or are relatives of those already working with us,\" said Indraani Sudarshan, Ebenezer International School.At National Public School, Indiranagar, the transport fee is routed through the school. \"This to ensure that the school management is in complete control of transportation of the children and for better accountability. For minor problems, we ask parents to speak to the bus supervisors. But parents are free to complain to the school, which takes up the issue. For safety purposes, all buses have only women attenders,'' said K P Gopalakrishna, group chairman.\"Harassment on school buses can be as often as in any other place where children are in the custody of adults in an unsupervised environment,\" said Dr Shaibya Saldanha, chief faculty, Collaborative Child Response unit project, Enfold Trust.Sadly, many schools have not woken up to the threat of children being alone. Like a prominent school in Vijayanagar, where the authorities were candid: \"We have around 30 buses. The buses have no GPS system and we don't have a female assistant on any of our buses. Parents are instructed to reach us in case of any misbehaviour. The transport staff is hired by a separate appointing team and we have nothing to do with it. Although we have had cases, students were the ones at fault and not the driver or conductors.\"And, the story remains the same for most schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "sahnewal", "code": "11971128", "title": "Kidnapped minor girl found near a temple", "text": "SAHNEWAL: Police recovered an abducted minor girl, Nisha, who was kidnapped when she was playing near her house in Sahnewal area, from near a temple in Jeewan Nagar on Monday. Kidnappers had demanded a ransom of Rs 5 lakh from the family, who had informed cops about this incident.The family even paid a ransom of Rs 3 lakh to the accused in a hope that they won't harm their daughter.Station house officer (SHO), Sahnewal, Arvind Puri said a team was constituted to search for the girl and when the accused came to know about this, they dropped the girl near the temple.He said the accused are still absconding but they would nab them soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11969927", "title": "Now, Trichy university gags teachers' union", "text": "TRICHY: The recent episode involving the suspension and immediate revocation of the order against Dr N Manimekalai, former director of women's studies at the Bharathidasan University (BU) took yet another twist on Monday. The university has gagged its teachers from speaking on this issue after they demanded that Manimekalai, who was shunted to the economics department be reinstated in the women's studies department.Manimekalai was suspended by the syndicate of the Bharathidasan University on February 4, but the order was revoked on February 9 by the chancellor and Tamil Nadu governor K Rosaiah.On February 14, the matter took another curious turn, when Manimekalai was shunted to the economics department (which is already headed by a professor), a decision that was seen as vindictive andinterpreted by Bharathidasan University Teachers' Association (BUTA) as being contrary to the letter and spirit of the governor's order.The 220-member strong BUTA wearing black badges in protest demanded that Manimekalai should be reinstated to her original department, a stand that was reiterated by the Tamil Nadu Federation of Faculty Association (TANFUFA), as well. General secretary of BUTA, Nataraja Seenivasan, said that all the members, including 30 women wore black badges throughout the day and they would continue to do so until Friday evening when they would hold a 'gate meeting' if the issue was not resolved until then.While Manimekalai told TOI that \"there is no end to the amount of humiliation I go through,\" the previous vice-chancellor Dr M Ponnavaiko said that the decision to shunt her to the economics department, amounted to \"violation of the chancellor's decision.\"It may be recalled that the university registrar T Ramasamy had last week issued an undated press release saying, \"The vice-chancellor of Bharathidasan University has revoked the order of suspension of Dr N Manimekalai on February 13, 2012. She is permitted to join as professor and director in the department of women's studies pending detailed examination of the issue at the governor's secretariat and further orders of His Excellency, the chancellor, without prejudice to the disciplinary proceedings contemplated against Dr N Manimekalai.\"On Monday, Ramasamy came out with yet another circular (a copy of which is in TOI's possession) stating, \"No university employee shall indulge in any criticism of the university administration in such manner as savours of defiance and insubordination or causes or is likely to cause embarrassment to the administration.\"Asked about the immediate provocation for issuing such a gag order, Ramasamy said, \"It is just to remind the professors about the general conduct rules, and I am just implementing the syndicate decisions.\" The convenor of TANFUFA, Dr Krishnaswamy said, \"We condemn the university authorities to gag the BUTA that is only fighting for its democratic rights, and not criticising the university.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11969662", "title": "Part of building collapses in Sowcarpet, one injured", "text": "CHENNAI: A portion of a building in Sowcarpet collapsed on Monday morning, injuring an auto driver.Police said Raju (52) of Sowcar Street in the area had parked his auto near the Jain temple and was walking towards a soft drinks shop on Ekambareshwarar Temple Street when the mishap happened. He suffered injuries to the head and was rushed to the government general hospital. The accident happened at 10.45am.The Elephant Gate police visited the scene and began inquiries. The incident created a flutter among the many people who were on the road at the time.Navin Chand, who runs a pawn broker's shop on the street, said, \"I was inside my shop when I heard a huge noise. I ran out on to the road and saw a portion of the building had fallen scrambled on the road.\"Traffic on Ekambareshwarar Temple Street was stopped temporarily as debris from the building was posing a danger to commuters. The house owner removed the debris and temporary sheets were put up in front of the building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "11971623", "title": "Tanker catches fire at petrol pump; no casualty", "text": "SURAT : A major tragedy was averted at the crowded Saiyedpura area in the walled city on Monday when a petrol tanker of Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) caught fire during refilling at M/s Market Auto Petrol Pump. Official sources said the tanker arrived at the IOC petrol pump at Saiyedpura for refilling on Monday afternoon. About 12,000 litres of petrol were being off-loaded in the underground petrol tank.Suddenly, the petrol tanker caught fire due to an electric spark and the fire spread to the underground petrol tank as well. Sensing major trouble, the petrol tanker's driver immediately drove the burning vehicle out of the petrol pump area and proceeded towards the cramped Bhagal intersection.About 14 fire tenders were immediately rushed to the spot along with foam tenders. While four fire tenders doused the burning petrol tanker on Bhagal intersection within a few minutes, it took about an hour for the fire fighters to control the fire at the petrol pump. Sources said that about 8,000 litres of foam were sprayed to control the fire at the petrol pump and on the petrol tanker. There has been no casualty in the fire incident.Interestingly, a similar incident was reported at the same petrol pump on January 5. The fire tanker had caught fire due to some technical snag, but the fire was controlled by the petrol pump staff with fire extinguishers. Pankaj Patel , chief fire officer (CFO), told TOI, \"Had it been a big fire it would have affected more than 400 residential houses and shops surrounding the petrol pump. This is the second fire incident at the same pump. We had issued a notice to the pump owner to follow fire safety norms. Now, after this incident, we are planning to initiate strict action against the petrol pump owner.\"Patel added, \"It is compulsory for all petrol pump owners in the city to renew their fire safety licences every year, but less than 1% are following norms. We have urged the municipal commissioner to issue a notification in this regard.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11970869", "title": "Four-member gang robs businessman at knife point", "text": "COIMBATORE: A four-member gang robbed Rs 95,000 from a businessman at knife point in Mettupalayam on Sunday night. The gang left the victim confined in a warehouse before fleeing. A special team has been formed to nab the culprits.Police said I Jebarullah, 53, from Annaji Rao Road in Mettupalayam, owns a shop, 'Immco Agency'. He is a wholesale dealer in biscuits, chocolates and other products. He lives with his family on the first floor of the building, running his shop from the ground floor which had an attached warehouse.The shop was closed on Sundays. Last Sunday evening, Jebarullah was alone in the shop doing his accounts. He had Rs 95,000 in the cash box and was waiting for his family who had gone to a mosque. Around 8.15 pm, four persons came to the shop. While three of them took him into the warehouse, the fourth stood guard in front of the shop.Locking the shop, the gang brandished a knife and demanded money from him. When Jabarullah refused, the culprits became angry and stabbed him. He sustained minor injuries on his right hand when he tried to protect himself. After a struggle, he handed over the money he had in the cash register to the gang.The culprits fled after they locked Jebarullah in the warehouse. The victim shouted for help but in vain. Around 8.45 p.m. his family returned home, heard his screams for help and released him.Immediately he alerted the Mettupalayam police. The police rushed to the spot and conducted an inquiry. Forensic science officials went to the spot and lifted some fingerprints from the crime scene.Police said, the gang had planned this robbery for at least a week. \"They had possibly observed that at night, most of the residents in the neighbourhood visited the mosque. We have got vital clues and will nab them soon,\" said B Sakthivel, deputy superintendent of police, Periyanaickenpalayam sub-division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "11971992", "title": "BSL scheme relaunch sends Bokaro builders into tizzy", "text": "BOKARO: The real estate business, which was already passing through a turbulent phase because of recent order of the Jharkhand high court for strict implementation of the Chotanagpur Tenancy (CNT) Act, has suffered another setback with the relaunching of quarters licensing scheme by the Bokaro Steel Limited (BSL) under which the company will allot quarters to its former employees on a nominal rent.The scheme was suspended by the BSL in May 2011 on the direction of the central government.The restriction imposed on sale of lands of people of Schedule Caste, Schedule Tribe and Other Backward Class categories was giving a tough time to the real estate developers. With the implementation of law, they are worried over the future of their projects.Bokaro is seeing expansion of the city. Maximum land on the outskirts of the city belongs to the OBC, SC and ST people.There are more than 60 builders whose 150-odd projects are coming up on the outskirts of the city. Most of the builders are suffering loss because of the CNT Act. \"We hope that the state government will surely come out with a way by amending the act to bring relief to us and the residents also,\" said Sanjay Shaan, the president of Bokaro Builder Association.Apart from the CNT Act, the re-launching of the BSL scheme has also put a shadow on the real estate business. Former BSL employees, who are searching for houses after their retirement, are the major target customers of builders in Bokaro. They invest easily on purchasing flats or houses with their retirement benefit. \"After the BSL started the scheme, many of the former employees found getting a BSL quarters cheaper and safe. This has also affected our business,\" said Manish Singh, a realtor who is preparing to launch its project in Bokaro. He added, \"If the government doses not amend the CNT Act, the builders will have to suffer huge financial loss. The government should do something to bring relief in the act.\"Manoj Jha, the executive director of Vaastu Vihar, said the CNT Act was causing huge loss to the builders. Residents fear in booking flats. \"We are running 22 projects in the state of which 14 are under construction. The CNT Act has affected our recent project launched on the outskirts of Sector-XII area. We are hopeful that the state government will amend the act,\" said Jha. Majority of builders of the city are demanding the government amend act. to benefit them and residents.The BSL management has re-introduced the quarters licensing scheme to benefit its former employees. There are 3,944 quarters which have already been allotted to the former employees under this scheme in the past few years. The BSL is allotting quarters in Sectors 12, 11, 8, 9, 6, 5, 2 and 1. The scheme was suspended in May. After getting a nod from the Centre in January, the management re-launched the scheme. This time, the BSL will allot 1,105 quarters for which 5,164 applications have already been filed in the past few days.The former employees are feeling safe to get a company quarters. \"How can we give our money earned by working 35 years in the BSL to a builder when the state government and the court both are in favour of enforcing the CNT Act? I don't want to lose my money. I am satisfied getting a BSL quarters,\" said R Singh, a retired employee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11975602", "title": "Vidya Balan drops by to meet designer Sabyasachi", "text": "Not many know that actress Vidya Balan has always cherished her bond with close friends. And once she's made her pick, she goes all out to be by their side.One such friend is designer Sabyasachi Mukherjee . Vidya surprised him and also the bride-to-be who was taking cues from this designer on the show sets.This week, the episode will be shown where Aditi Charkavarthy, a modern day Bengali with not an inkling of the Bengali way of weddings will express her joy on meeting Vidya.Sabyasachi himself grabs the opportunity to return to his roots and to fashion Aditi at her bong best. In fact, Vidya herself gives her some makeover tips.Vidya's success as 'Silk Smitha' was widely appreciated and she is now promoting her forthcoming film 'Kahaani'. Thankfully, she didn't land with a big bump on the show sets.Apart from the TV show, Sabyasachi was also geared to take part in the 'Textile Day' at the upcoming Lakme Fashion Week. But due to health reason, he pulled out of it. Thus, LFW, which spans from March 2-6, 2012, will be devoid of Sabya's touch this season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "11969898", "title": "Man accused of raping neighbour", "text": "NADIA: A 28-year-old-woman accused his neighbour of trying to rape her at Sutragarh in Nadia on Sunday evening, police said. She was allegedly raped by her neighbour at Sutragarh on Sunday evening, police said.A complaint has been lodged with Shantipur police against Salim Seikh. The accused is absconding.The mother of three was on the way to her paternal home in Shantipur's Gayenpara. Bada Seikh alias Salim, 32, offered her a lift on his cycle and she accepted. \"While near Sutragarh, he tried to rape me,\" alleged the Berpara resident. On hearing the woman cry, locals rushed to her rescue. But the miscreant had already fled by then.Locals alleged that Salim , a resident of Hari Das Roy Road of Shantipur, allegedly raped the woman in an abandoned poultry.The victim's father Ismile Seikh lodged a complaint on Sunday night. Salim is a known criminal and there are several complaints against him.SP Nadia Sabyasachi Raman Mishra said that they had initiated an investigation on basis of the complaint. A case has been initiated against Salim under IPC 376, 511 AND 325, a police source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11970035", "title": "Chennai bank robbery: In cyber age, cops forget conventional policing", "text": "CHENNAI: Our police claim to be updating themselves with sophisticated technologies and cyber tools, but experts say losing grip over conventional policing can be disastrous, as the second bank robbery in less than a month shows.\"There seems to be less focus on conventional policing,\" says former DGP V R Lakshmi Narayanan. \"General patrolling, vehicle checks and local intelligence gathering cannot be done away with. Unwillingness on the part of witnesses to cooperate with investigations make things tougher.\"Monday's bank robbery at Keelkattalai points to these deficiencies. A five-member gang stormed into the Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) on Monday afternoon and escaped with Rs 14 lakh in cash after threatening the bank employees and customers at gun point. The robbers chose the power cut time to strike.It was daring, too, in many ways. The gang members didn't mask their face and spoke in Hindi. As it was lunch hour, the bank didn't have many staffs present there. The cashier, Gopalakrishnan, had gone for lunch. Of the five gang members, two wielded guns and threatened manager Shanmuga Sundaram. The robbers pushed all the staffs and customers into the strong room. A bank staff was asked to open the cash box. Then, he was also forced into the strong room and locked up before the gang bundled the cash in a bag and fled.M Kannan of Keelkattalai, a construction contractor, later told police he had seen four people in a car who spoke to him in Hindi. \"I saw four people in a red Maruti Omni that almost hit me. I picked up a quarrel with them and then headed to a wine shop,\" he said. Joint commissioner of police (south zone) K P Shanmuga Rajeswaran said two police teams were investigating at the crime scene, while four other teams were assigned to work on leads outside.The bank is located on the ground floor and the bank's ATM is located to its bank.A marble shop and a glass shop were also located on the ground floor of the same building. Most of the shops on the first floor are vacant.Bank officials said they were in the process of installing CCTV cameras and other security gadgets for the bank. The bank didn't even have a security guard. In fact, the bank had put up a notice outside, inviting potential security guards.TIMES VIEW", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11970801", "title": "FIR filed over illegal cutting of trees", "text": "JAIPUR: Hundreds of trees were cut over the past six months, leaving several stretches of barren lands on the outskirts of the city. The shocking display of apathy towards the environment came to light on Monday when the JDA officials lodged an FIR with Harmara police station on Monday.Deputy zone commissioner, Jyoti Chauhan, said, \"In a period of 6-7 months, trees were continuously cut. We have filed a complaint for illegal felling of trees.\"\"We lodged an FIR so that people get a lesson and do not cut trees on JDA land in future,\" he said.According to officials, hundreds of the trees near Chop village, where the JDA has proposed the knowledge city, have been cut. Also, many trees are being cut for widening of road for super express highway for Jaipur - Sikar.The civic body, whose jurisdiction extends to over 3,000 square km area has not only failed to protect trees in its periphery, it has not able to provide lands to grow trees in its vicinity to make the city green and reduce pollution. A year ago, the JDA has proposed to develop five woodlands near the city on different highways and proposed to plant around 2.5 lakh different species of trees. However, the JDA officials have not identified land and no trees were planted till date in this regard.\"The horticulturist wing wrote a letter to respective zone commissioners to identify land. However, the commissioners could not get suitable land as they require 10 to 20 hectares of land.\" The commissioner of the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has recently ordered the officials to search for land for the woodland park, the zone commissioners will search land for parks, as per Master Plan-2025.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11969511", "title": "Over 8,500 aspirants appear for online CMAT on first day", "text": "PUNE: A total of 8,540 management course aspirants appeared for the first national-level online 'Common Management Admission Test (CMAT) 2012' on day one of the nine-day testing window that opened on Monday.The All-India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), which regulates technical education in the country, introduced the CMAT from this year as part of an effort to reduce the multiplicity of entrance exams at management institutions.CMAT is the gateway to a large number of AICTE-approved management and post-graduate diploma in management ( PGDM) institutions across the country, including 121 institutions in and around Pune city, for courses commencing from academic year 2012-13.In fact, Pune ranks among the few cities that have accounted for a bigger share of enrolments for the CMAT. On a nation-wide scale, 4 lakh management degree and diploma seats are at stake.\"The test was conducted at 69 centres across the country, including 11 in Maharashtra,\" AICTE's chairman S S Mantha told TOI. \"We have received an extremely good feedback from all our designated testing centres. No technical glitches were reported from any of these centres,\" he said.\"In all, 12.2 per cent of the 70,000 students, who have enrolled for the test, appeared during two sessions of testing activity, each of three hours duration, conducted on day one.\" The percentage translates to 8,540 in terms of numbers.Mantha said, \"Things have gone smoothly so far. Students, who appeared in the test today, have said that the difficulty level is more or less equal to the Common Admission Test (CAT) conducted by the Indian Institutes of Management.\"The three-hour test pattern features 25 questions of 100 marks for each section relating to quantitative techniques and data interpretation; logical reasoning; language comprehension and general awareness. Negative marking is in place as 1 mark will be deducted for each wrong answer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11972673", "title": "Obama, Karzai discuss support for Afghan-led reconciliation", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama has telephoned his Afghan counterpart Hamid Karzai and discussed regional support for Afghan-led reconciliation process in the war-torn country, the White House said.\"They discussed regional support for Afghan-led reconciliation, the Afghanistan-Pakistan-Iran trilateral meetings last week in Islamabad, and other strategic issues of mutual concern,\" the White House said in a statement.Obama and Karzai agreed yesterday to speak again soon to remain closely aligned as both countries continue their efforts to achieve common goals, and work to forge a long-term partnership, the White House said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11973072", "title": "Review: Nokia Lumia 710", "text": "NEW DELHI: Most people are already familiar with Lumia 800, the phone with good looks, which currently has all the attention of Nokia. Lumia 710 seems to be just another Windows phone in the lineup.There is no plane flying with Lumia 710 written on its belly. There are no taxis branded with Lumia 710. Yet, this could be the Windows Phone 7 (WP7) device that brings moolah to Nokia. At least in Indian market. When it launched several weeks ago, it would have been a tough sell. But market has shifted a bit in the last one month and Lumia 710 has got a price cut. We put it through our grinding test to see if it merits your attention.Plasticky but not cheap Unlike Lumia 800, that sports a slim polycarbonate unibody design, Lumia 710 is an average looking phone. Made of plastic, it has a colourful and replaceable battery cover, three physical keys - back, home and search - that are, thankfully, back-lit, and a design that is, compared to that of Lumia 800, more conventional with its rounded edges.Yet, in typical Nokia fashion, the phone is put together very well. The volume keys are little stiff and camera key too small, but the phone feels good in hand. It also looks good, mostly because Nokia has used plastic with matte finish on back cover and not the glossy-type often common on cheap Android phones.Lumia 710 uses the same core hardware that powers its more expensive sibling. This means, it has a 1.4Ghz processor, 512 MB RAM and an Adreno 205 GPU. Unlike Lumia 800, which has 16GB storage, this phone has just 8GB storage. This may be a problem for those who love to store their full music library on phones. As it is with all other Windows phones, there is no option to expand it through micro SD card.The phone has only one camera - the primary one - that can shoot pictures in 5 mega pixels or videos in up to 720P resolution. There is an LED flash for low-light photography. There is no front camera. This is not a problem at the moment. But whenever Skype comes to Windows Phone 7 platform, Lumia users may feel left out.Slick, fast and pretty useful With powerful hardware powering the phone, Lumia 710 is a fast phone. There is no lag in UI overall the device feels very responsive. It also helps that WP7 is pretty slick and smooth operating software that utilizes the available hardware to its fullest due to tight hardware and software integration.Talking of WP7, it's little different from the other mobile operating software. Instead of using an icon-based user interface (UI), WP7 utilizes tiles. Some of these tiles, like Me or Pictures, are live tiles. This means they can refresh information in real time and show it to user. In this way, they are a cross between the static icons of iOS and dynamic widgets of Android.Microsoft calls the interface in WP7 Metro. It has a layered UI, utilizing clean straight lines. To access various features or navigate, users require lot of horizontal swiping, which feels very natural and intuitive on touchscreen.In the beginning, you may find the OS a little confusing. Some options are available only with long press. And on some occasions, you may find the OS is too basic as there are few power options. One example is screen brightness setting. You can only select low, medium or high. Low is too dull and high and medium are too bright. Auto brightness is also too dull, most likely to save battery.But overall, WP7 is head and shoulders above the operating software that power Blackberry Phones or Nokia's Symbian phones. Email app is fantastic. Keyboard is very good. Twitter and Facebook are natively integrated and make for decent social media experience. Support for Office documents is also good. Though to make full use of it, you have to be a real workaholic, who can't part with his office files even for a minute.WP7 relies on Zune for syncing files between the phone and computer. There is no mass storage mode, and if you like to drag-and-drop your files you may not like Zune too much.Multitasking, though not as functional as what found on Android, gets the job done for most users. Similarly, the number and quality of apps doesn't match what a user gets on Android or iOS but for most people it may not be of much concern.Talking of apps, there are two special ones that give Lumia 710 an edge over other Windows phones. The phone comes with Nokia Drive, an app that offers voice-based turn-by-turn navigation, and Nokia Maps. Both are class-leading applications, matching and at times even surpassing Google Maps that is available on Android platform. Nokia Drive and Nokia Maps are especially significant because WP7 relies on Bing Maps, which is almost useless in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11971798", "title": "Two Naxal commanders arrested", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Security forces nabbed two hardcore Naxal commanders on Monday in an operation in remote jungles of Etapalli in Gadchiroli district. Arrested Naxalites have been identified as platoon commander Adve Mura Gawade (30) and section commander Janni Narsu Kowase (25).Official sources informed that cops got a tip-off about the location of Gawade, alias Prakash alias Devidas and Kowase alias Rammi in remote jungles under Etapalli police station. Immediately a joint operation was launched by CRPF and Etapalli police in the jungles and both the Naxalites were rounded up from their hideout.Gawade hails from Mardhur village in Bhamragad tehsil and had worked as commander of Platoon-A of Naxal guerrillas. Kowase hails from Neltotal in Kanker district of Chhattisgarh and had worked as section commander of the same Platoon-A.Both the Naxal leaders were involved in Khobramenda encounter held on April 19, 2011, Dhamditola encounter on December 1, 2011 in Gondia district and Charbhatti-Bamni encounter held in 2006. Both have been involved in more than 13 Naxal related offences, Gadchiroli police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11971541", "title": "Sustained rehabilitation course to right Burail jail inmates", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the first of its kind initiative, Burail Jail authorities would identify drug addict inmates and enroll them in a sustained rehabilitation course.Jail authorities have been running various short-term courses, but now they have joined hands with an NGO to provide proper counselling and help addicts manage their finances properly.\"Drugs are one of the major problems in our country. They have driven many innocent youths to the world of crime. Many inmates are also suffering from dependence on various drugs and this could prompt them to do indulge in criminal activities,\" Alok Kumar, DIG of Chandigarh Police, told TOI.\"We have decided to take this issue seriously by running a sustained de-addiction course with the help of an NGO. We would identify the addicts and keep a tab on their routine and other activities with the help of NGO officials. There would be daily counselling sessions till the addict kick the drug habit,\" said Kumar.Kumar said many short-term de-addiction courses are being run for jail inmates, but there was a need for a comprehensive course. \"Besides, the NGO will also counsel the prisoners about their funds. The idea is to take this initiative to a logical end,\" he pointed out.However, earlier, a public interest litigation was also filed in the court regarding the drug addicts lodged in the Burail Jail, and the court had told the jail authorities to make a list of addicts and to do the needful for their rehabilitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11969211", "title": "Delhi: Speeding car kills MNC senior executive, friend", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after a Lamborghini crash claimed the life of a young businessman, another speeding car crushed to death a senior executive of a multinational financial firm and his friend who were out for their morning walk on Monday.Sultan Singh, 48, an assistant vice-president at a financial MNC, was to leave for his daughter's engagement three hours later. The other deceased, 53-year-old Raghu Verman Rajan, an old friend of Singh, had flown in from Bangalore.The accident took place on the August Kranti Marg-Siri Fort Road T-junction around 6.45am. The grey Swift Dzire involved in the accident is registered in the name of the wife of an IFS officer, an undersecretary in the MEA.The police said the man who cleaned the car every day was behind the wheels, giving a joyride to four of his friends, three of them minors. They said the bureaucrat or his family members had nothing to do with the accident, although the victims' families alleged a cover-up.DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma said the cleaner, a 19-year-old Class XII student who lives in Shahpur Jat, was driving at such speed that he lost control of the vehicle while taking a sharp turn at the T-point. After mowing down the two walkers from behind, the car came to a stop after hitting a tree near a bus stop.Family members of the deceased said Sultan Singh and Raghu Verman Rajan had left the former's Gautam Nagar residence around 6.15 am. \"Singh had stopped going for morning walks in the winter. But when his friend arrived from Bangalore on February 17, he decided to resume the activity. Family members asked them to return early as Singh's eldest daughter's 'lagan' was to take place later in the morning. They died instantly. Unlike the police claim, the cops who had taken them to AIIMS told us that they were not crossing the road,\" said Gulshan Bashist, Singh's nephew.The car has been registered in the name of Esha Srivastav, the wife of Kartik Pandey, an undersecretary in MEA and a 2004-batch officer. DCP Sharma said Pandey was at his Asiad Village home along with his wife and child when the cleaner, Manish, came asking for the car keys around 6.30am.\"Manish has confessed that he took the car out with his friends without telling Pandey,\" said Sharma.An eyewitness, Mohan Chand, a security guard posted a few feet from the accident site, said the speeding car took a left turn on the main road instead of taking the slip road. \"The car swerved out of control after turning, crushed the two men under its wheels and smashed into a tree some 100 metres ahead. One of Manish's friends was injured, too. The occupants left in a hurry abandoning the vehicle,\" he said.Police claim Manish quietly returned the car keys to Esha around 7.30am. \"When Pandey decided to go out in the car around 9 am, he did not find the vehicle car and made a PCR call. It was then that he came to know about the accident,'' said Sharma.However, questions are being asked on why the police could not locate the owner of the car for more than three hours after the accident. Senior district officers remained tightlipped about the incident all morning claiming call records were being probed to \"establish culpability\". By evening, cops said they had a \"confession\" from Manish.Singh's would-be son-in-law, Kush Kapoor, alleged a cover-up, saying the police were trying to shield the government official. \"The accident took place around 6.45am and the official had registered a case of vehicle theft three hours later. We saw a milk can inside the car. We were initially told by cops that the cleaner had taken away the vehicle. Later, they said the car was been stolen. We suspect a cover up. We want justice,\" Kapoor said.The MEA official refused to speak to the media, saying the police had investigated the case and they were the best authority to explain how the accident took place. The Hauz Khas police has registered a case of death due to negligence and arrested Manish, whose parents work as laundry staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11970797", "title": "RUHS suggests a formula to select candidates for PG courses", "text": "JAIPUR: To resolve the dispute between agitating candidates of pre PG medical entrance examination and Rajasthan University of Health Sciences (RUHS) on organizing a retest, the university designed a formula on Monday.The academic committee of the university on Monday gave its nod to the percentile equalization formula to select candidates for PG courses.But, agitating candidates claimed that they needed the retest and not some formula. \"We will meet chief minister Ashok Gehlot and demand re-examination,\" a candidate said.The candidates had alleged that there were \"irregularities\" in the pre PG entrance examination conducted on February 11.Some of the candidates are not happy with the way the online entrance test was conducted. Since a technical snag at one of the centres prevented the students from taking the examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11970947", "title": "A year on, education deparment yet to deliver on promise", "text": "BHOPAL: As final exams come closer, more than 200 model schools set up by the state have disappointed students and their parents. When these students had appeared for a competitive exam last year for admissions in these schools, they were promised CBSE syllabus. After one year of MP Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE) syllabus, they would be studying the MPBSE syllabus instead of the CBSE in the next session too.The students who took admissions through a competitive exam conducted by MP Professional Examination Board for class IX last year in July feel cheated.Says Deepak Verma, a student of Model School, Bairagarh: \"When Vyapam (the professional exam board) conducted exams last year were were told selected students would study the CBSE syllabus. But currently we are being taught the MPBSE syllabus. We feel cheated.\"About three years ago, the concept of 'Model Schools' was floated by the State Education Department to the Centre. It was touted to bring the meritorious children from the rural areas into the mainstream by following the 'Central School template'. The schools were constructed in 201 developmental blocks across the state. The MPBSE is going to conduct the examinations for the same.The Centre sanctioned Rs 3 crore per building on the condition that trained teachers should teach the students. Also, Rs 75 lakh rupees is given per year for the upkeep of each school's requirement like salaries and maintenance among others.Another student, Sanjana Bhadoria of Model School, Fanda, says, \"There are hardly any trained teachers in the school. Only guest lecturers are there. Our hopes of studying the KV School curriculum have been dashed. Our parents are highly dissatisfied.\"Veronica Mondal, teacher in-charge Model School Bairgarh said, \"The curriculum was designed on the basis of CBSE, but we are following the instructions received by us from the school education department.\"SK Tripathi, assistant director, Commissioner of Public instructions (CPI), said, \"The Centre has given a free hand whether the schools follow the CBSE syllabus or the MPBSE curriculum. The students are not facing any trouble because of the MPBSE syllabus.\"Dr Vimal Prakash Sharma, educationist said, \"This is grave injustice towards meritorious students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11970879", "title": "Kalam offers to negotiate with Kudankulam protesters", "text": "COIMBATORE: Former President APJ Abdul Kalam on Monday expressed his willingness to negotiate with the protesters of the Kudankulam nuclear power project. He was speaking to reporters after attending a function at the Kovai Medical Centre Hospital (KMCH) in the city.\"I'm ready to speak and negotiate with anyone on the matter to alleviate their fears. In 2020 we will need 3 lakh megawatts of power. We are able to generate only half the demand. Nuclear energy will compensate for some of the shortfall. But at the same time we should consider other forms of energy too,\" he said.Earlier, he interacted with students of various colleges in the city. Regarding his 'Vision 2020' he said India has already achieved some goals including the production of 240 million tonnes of food. Infrastructure must be improved in rural areas he said. Regarding the recent murder of a teacher by her student, he said that the issue needs to be studied. Students must be kept busy, he said.While talking at KMCH, he said that diagnosing diseases without inducing 'diagnostic pain', on patients, reflects the excellence of the doctor. \"When a patient comes to a doctor and the doctor prescribes x-ray, scan and other tests, this may create a 'diagnostic pain' on patients,\" he said. He advised doctors to be teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11975249", "title": "Apache Indian ready to rock with new album", "text": "Apache Indian's latest album Home Run is a runaway hit across Punjab.The album is a collection of collaborations Apache Indian has done over the years with high profile artistes such as A. R. Rahman , Asha Bhonsle and Malkit Singh. However, the song that has got the album noticed in Punjab is his brand new collaboration Gabru with the Queen of Punjabi Pop, Miss Pooja. The song is huge hit as is reflected through album sales as well as strong digital downloads on mobile.Taking the album concept of collaborations further, Universal Music has tied up with the leading television network in North India - PTC - to launch a campaign to select a winner to collaborate with Apache Indian himself!The song will be released physically as well as digitally on Universal Music.The campaign aims to find that one winning voice which can compliment Apache Indian in the studio! The campaign is open to everyone.\"I have always enjoyed working with artists from around the world and from various genres of music. I believe collaboration represents a fusion of sounds, language, culture as well as introducing artists to different markets. My latest release 'Home Run' is a celebration of some of the collaborations that I've done over my career that are still enjoyed by worldwide audiences. This could be the break you are waiting for! Let's record a great song together and introduce your voice to the world! I am very excited about the collaboration contest!\" said Apache Indian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11969506", "title": "Arya orphanage case: Delhi govt for body to improve child homes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government is planning to set up a state advisory committee to improve management of shelter homes, orphanages and institutions for children. With the Arya Anathalaya case coming up for hearing in the Delhi high court on Wednesday, the government plans to take a number of decisions on Tuesday. To begin with, the much-delayed medical examination of all children in the orphanage is likely to begin on Tuesday.To assist the state-appointed administrator PP Dhal, the women and child development minister Kiran Walia is planning to appoint former child welfare committee chairperson Mamta Sahai as a deputy administrator. The administrator will draft a time-bound plan to decongest the orphanage and take measures to protect the children.\"We are going to set up a state advisory committee prescribed under the Juvenile Justice Act,\" said Kiran Walia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11970986", "title": "Cops begin hunt for owners of unclaimed vehicles", "text": "VADODARA: Traffic department of city police has started a drive to identify owners of unclaimed vehicles, collecting heaps of dust at the police stations for months together. The traffic department had 64 unclaimed vehicles that it had impounded from different parts of the city. In an attempt to take care of these, it sent policemen to the regional transport office to identify the owners of these vehicles. The department drew a list of 18 such vehicles and started the process of sending missives to the owners. At least five owners have turned up to claim their vehicles.Officials said that the vehicles gathering dust were not only an eyesore, but if they keep lying in such a situation they will become unusable. \"We decided to identify the owners through registration and engine or chassis numbers. Letters were then delivered by hand to the owners on the addresses we found from the transport office,\" said assistant commissioner of police (traffic) M M Malek. To those whose addresses were found outside the city, letters were sent through registered post.The five persons whose two-wheelers were lying with the traffic department turned up claiming that their vehicles were stolen. One of them Samir Patel, who was abroad, had not even bothered to register an offence regarding his motorcycle, as there was a delay of three months between it being stolen and his coming to the country. He was pleasantly surprised at the effort made by the traffic police and told policemen that this was much like things in London where he now stays.Another owner Bhailal Rathod told the police that his vehicle was stolen from Vallabh Vidyanagar. The police gave him relevant documents and asked him to complete formalities with the police there to collect his vehicle.In another case, it transpired that the vehicle may have been used for illegal activities. It came to light that the registration number of a motorcycle was fake as a vehicle of the same number existed and its owner in Kishanwadi said that his two-wheeler was never stolen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "11971076", "title": "Land acquisition for GAIL pipeline: Administration assures to get compensation increased, farmers demand more", "text": "AMBALA: Even as the district administration has stated that they would talk to the government to get the amount of compensation increased, farmers of 24 villages of Ambala district continued their dharna on Monday demanding more compensation for the land acquired for laying of a pipeline by Gas Authority of India (GAIL).Initially, the GAIL authorities had fixed Rs 98 per square metre as compensation, but now the district administration has agreed to get the amount increased to Rs 200 per square metre. However the farmers are demanding a compensation of Rs 550 per square metre for their land.With a view to come to decision on a figure acceptable to both the parties, deputy commissioner Shekhar Vidyarthi has convened a meeting between the farmers and functionaries of GAIL on Tuesday.Till a few weeks ago, GAIL was paying Rs 98 per square metre to farmers in lieu of the land acquired for the project where the gas pipeline is being laid in around 44 km area of Ambala district.GAIL officials had declared to increase the compensation to Rs 150 after farmers disrupted the project work as a mark of protest. Now the district administration has intervened in the matter and assured to get the amount increased.DC Shekhar Vidyarthi said, \"We hope that we would be able to find a solution to the dispute between GAIL and the farmers at the meeting scheduled to be held on Tuesday.\"Gurcharn Singh, who is leading the agitation said, \"We have been demanding Rs 550 per square metre. We can come down to Rs 500, but an amount less than this figure is not acceptable to us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11970880", "title": "4 held for allegedly hunting blue bull", "text": "JAIPUR: Four men including a sub-inspector were taken into custody by Govindgarh police in Jaipur rural when the villagers caught them allegedly while hunting blue bulls in the area.According to the police, the incident took place in forest area near Charanvas village in Govindgarh police station on Saturday. \"Sub-inspector in Special Operations Group (SOG) Ramjani Khan and three others who are residents of nearby villages were caught when they were carrying a dead blue bull in a vehicle,\" said Govindgarh police station in-charge Veer Singh. The three other accused have been identified as Pappu Khan, Mohsin and Ajeej.He added that the villagers alleged they had hunted the animal. The villagers handed them to the police. \"We recovered some sharp-edged weapons from their possession,\" said the officer. The carcass's postmortem has been conducted and the report is awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11968443", "title": "Two held, murder plan foiled", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force sleuths on Monday nabbed two history-sheeters and foiled a murder conspiracy. They recovered two swords from their possession.Police arrested Mohammed Akbar Siddiqui and Shaik Sultan, both history-sheeters of the Tappachabutra police station. According to the police, Akbar was earlier into real estate business, and during that time an attempt to murder case was booked against him at the Rajendranagar police station for assaulting rivals with weapons.Since then, his opponents have been forcing him to cough up money to settle the case. However, the blackmail tactics of the opponents only made him angry. Akbar hatched a plan to eliminate them with the help of his associate Sultan. As per the plan, Akbar procured two swords from a person in Jummerath Bazar.On Monday, police raided Akbar's house at Tappachabutra when he was discussing the murder plan with Sultan and nabbed the duo. The two along with their weapons were handed over to the Tappachabutra police for further probe.In another case, Task Force sleuths nabbed Begum Bazaar history-sheeter Omer Quadri near Karachi Bakery at MJ Market while he was moving with a dagger.Omer Quadri, an associate of notorious history-sheeter Ayub Khan, runs 'Hyderabad Heights' hotel near Masab Tank.Quadri along with his weapon was handed over to the Begum Bazaar police for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11969909", "title": "164 toilets opened in Dharwad villages", "text": "DHARWAD: Thanks to a helping hand extended by the Tata Marcopolo Company, residents of Kururbagatti and Belur villages in Dharwad taluk can now have the toilet facility. Tata Marcopolo, which has set up its unit in Belur-Neeralakatti area by acquiring land belonging to the farmers has extended financial assistance to the tune of Rs 2,000 each to construct 164 toilets in the first phase. The individual beneficiaries and also the zilla panchayat and gram panchayat have also contributed their share.Minister for rural development and panchayat raj Jagadish Shettar formally inaugurated the toilets and handed them over to the villagers on Monday. Speaking on the occasion he said women should insist on construction of toilets keeping hygiene and human dignity in mind. Shettar said the RDPR department will include more villages of Dharwad taluk in Nirmal Gram scheme and extend financial help for sanitation work. MLA Seema Masuti presided. Officials of Tata Marcopolo Vinay Pathak, R K Prasad, R A Rao, Sharma and ZP officials were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11969507", "title": "NCP not yet decided on alliance, says Ajit Pawar", "text": "PUNE: After its initial invitation to the Congress to join it in power in the Pune Municipal Corporation, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) seems to be having a rethink. It has hinted that if the Congress bargains too hard and demands too large a power share, the NCP could 'tap other options' and ask other parties to help it reach a majority.On Monday NCP president Sharad Pawar convened a meeting of top state leaders at his residence in New Delhi to discuss the post-poll alliance with the Congress party in zilla parishads (ZPs) and municipal corporations in Maharashtra.\"We have come to the conclusion that the NCP and the Congress should work together in Maharashtra. In zilla parishads and Municipal Corporations where the NCP has won a high number of seats but has failed to get a majority, the Congress should support the NCP. In ZPs and corporations where the Congress needs support to reach a majority, the NCP will support them,\" said Pawar. Without making a direct reference to Pune, Pawar added that in places where there is 'bitterness' between the Congress and the NCP, local leaders should decide only after discussions with party workers. If the Congress is 'adamant', then the party would have to look for help from other parties, he said.Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar and senior state ministers, including R R Patil, Chhagan Bhujbal, Jayant Patil were present at the meeting.Ajit Pawar insisted that the Pune city Congress had been dealt a huge blow and by sharing power with it, the NCP should not provide it with a survival strategy.Earlier, at a ceremony held to mark Chhatrapati Shivaji's birth anniversary at Shivneri fort on Sunday, Pawar junior had said, \"We cannot take a decision in a hurry and forget what has happened in the past. I have to talk to all Pune leaders and discuss all possibilities, before we form an alliance\". Ajit has repeatedly said that the Congress created hurdles in development works in Pune and did not follow the 'coalition dharma' after the 2007 elections.Ironically, it was Ajit himself who had officially extended the hand of friendship towards the Congress after the elections and invited it to join in power. Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) president Manikrao Thakre had responded positively and said that the Congress would accept the NCP's offer.After Monday's meeting, however, Ajit repeated that the NCP had not yet decided on the alliance. Congress leaders call Ajit Pawar's statements 'pressure tactics'. \"Pawar is fully aware that the city Congress is ravaged and headless. The Congress has got a lowly 28 seats and is left with no bargaining power,\" said a senior Congreass leader. \"By exerting pressure and threatening to keep us out of power, Pawar wants to ensure that the Congress does not demand plum posts like that of standing committee chairman,\" he added.BJP and Shiv Sena leaders, who had initially ruled out the possibility of a repeat of the Pune Pattern, in which the NCP, BJP and Shiv Sena joined hands in 2007 to keep the Congress out power, have not reacted to Ajit Pawar's statement. A senior BJP leader said that the party is closely watching developments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11969315", "title": "Fake certificates: DU hands over files to police", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police are likely to file chargesheets in the DU fake caste certificate case in the next two months once they receive the final FSL reports. \"We have collected the evidence and sent it for forensic testing. We need to know how genuine it is. There is also a need to understand the handwriting. We cannot claim something as forgery until we have the certificates from the forensic experts stating the same,\" said DCP (crime) Ashok Chand.The officer added that just like the Ramjas fake admission case, where the college had taken the initiative to tell cops about it and lodge the FIR, \"DU authorities, too, have provided all the necessary files, which has helped in the probe\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11969577", "title": "Hazare to attend meeting in Delhi", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare will go to Delhi to attend the core committee meeting of Team Anna to discuss future strategy of his fight against corruption.\"The meeting is scheduled on February 22,\" Datta Awari, an associate of Hazare, said on Monday. \"The next day Anna will receive the Rs 25 lakh S R Jindal award for his contribution to rural development,\" he added.\"Anna was undergoing treatment at Jindal ayurvedic hospital in Bangalore for cough and backache. He returned to Ralegan Siddhi on Saturday, along with Team Anna core committee member Arvind Kejriwal. He has announced that he is now fully fit to resume his anti-corruption crusade and the fight for a strong Lokpal,\" Awari said.On Sunday, a delegation led by warkari activist Bandatatya Karadkar met Hazare and discussed the issue of toll charges on state highways. Karadkar made a presentation on a recent survey conducted by his team at a toll plaza on the Pune-Ahmednagar highway. Hazare will hold a meeting with Karadkar next week to discuss the issue, Awari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "jamnagar", "code": "11970276", "title": "Jail inmate ends life", "text": "JAMNAGAR: An undertrial committed suicide by hanging himself with his clothes in Jamnagar district jail on Sunday night.Police inspector, A-division, G A Sarvaiya said that undertrial Sailesh Koli alias Vandri was transferred from Rajkot jail to Jamnagar district jail on March 30 last year. He was an accused in a murder case in Rajkot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11969419", "title": "2 civic officials elected PCMC corporators", "text": "PUNE: Two sitting members of the school board of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) and wives of two other school board members have been elected as corporators to the Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal corporation.Chairman of the board Navnath Jagtap and vice-chairman Prasad Shetty have been elected, besides Ashwini Chinchwade of the Shiv Sena and Mandakini Thakre of the NCP. Ashwini is the wife of school board member Gajanan Chinchawade while Mandakini is the wife of former board chairman Arjun Thakre.Navnath Jagtap of NCP defeated MNS candidate Shashikant Rajegaonkar by 5,111 votes in New Sangvi (ward 58 B). Prasad Shetty, who was denied a nomination by the NCP, contested as an independent. He defeated NCP candidate Shailendra More from Chinchwad station Anandnagar (ward 25 B). Ashwini Chinchawade of Shiv Sena defeated NCP candidate Pallavi Bhoir from Chinchwad gaothan (ward 22B). Mandakini Thakre of the NCP defeated former mayor Vaishali Ghodekar who fought as an independent from Masulkar colony (ward 28 A). Jagtap, Shetty, Thakre and Chinchawade will be first-time corporators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11968914", "title": "Son arrested for killing 90-year-old woman", "text": "MUMBAI: The Pydhonie police on Monday arrested the son of a 90-year-old woman found murdered at her Masjid Bunder residence last Tuesday. Four days of investigations have led the police to believe that Jamnadas Mehta (64), one of three sons of Hiraben, killed her over a financial dispute.A source said he often got into fights with her over his drinking habit and also beat her sometimes. A bachelor, Jamnadas was a real estate agent and stayed with Hiraben.In the bedroom of her third-floor flat, Hiraben was found in a pool of blood with her throat slit. The police suspected the role of an insider since there were no signs of forced entry. Nor was anything missing from the flat. The police questioned all three sons before zeroing in on Jamnadas as the main suspect. He was detained last week after the police found discrepancies in his statements. Also, a forensic report indicated that the blood stains found on Jamnadas's shirt matched his mother's blood samples. Then, the police had found Jamnadas's washed shirt inside his bathroom, leading them to suspect that he had tried to clean blood stains after the murder. Also, he failed to provide a reasonable explanation for injuries he sustained on his back and fingers.A source said though Hiraben was killed around 7 pm, Jamnadas was found casually talking on his cellphone between 7 and 8 pm. He told the police that he discovered the murder after arriving home at 8 pm. \"But a neighbour told us she had seen Jamnadas at 7 pm outside his house. He should have immediately intimated neighbours and the police about the incident, but he did not. He informed his brother around 8 pm, purposely as if he was trying to hide something,\" said a police officer.Also, Jamnadas appeared unmoved by his mother's death, the officer said. \"He told the police that when he went inside the flat, he found his mother murdered, and so he came out and the door got locked. Hence he called a key maker. When the key maker told him that making a duplicate key would cost him Rs 200, he instantly agreed instead of bargaining. When the key was ready, Jamnadas did not let the key maker enter the flat. Nor did he tell him about his mother's murder,\" said Pascal D'Souza, senior inspector at the Pydhonie police station.He said that when Jamnadas went to call the key maker, he should have also called the cops, since the police station was a short distance from his building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11970183", "title": "Students get Yenepoya award", "text": "MANGALORE: Yenepoya Foundation has distributed academic excellence awards to 235 students and 19 institutions for their performance in SSLC, PUC and undergraduate degree examinations in 2010-11.Foundation convenor PCM Kunhi said it sponsors five seats each for meritorious students of the state and Kasaragod in Kerala at medical, dental, nursing and physiotherapy colleges of Yenepoya Group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "aliganj (etah)", "code": "11971356", "title": "Cocky Akhilesh Yadav stings Rahul Gandhi", "text": "ALIGANJ (ETAH): Monday was Akhilesh Yadav's turn to give it back to Rahul Gandhi. Addressing an election rally here, the SP star campaigner claimed there were signs of a Samajwadi victory and this was making \"some leaders\" angry - so angry that they could soon be jumping off podiums.The Akhilesh-Rahul rancour goes back to the Ferozabad bypoll of 2009. The Congress leader had ensured then that Akhilesh's wife Dimple lost. Without naming Rahul, the SP leader rubbed it in, saying the anger in \"some leaders\" was increasing with every phase of polling. \"After the first phase, they began rolling up their kurta sleeves. Then, as we moved further ahead, they began rip-up our . , we well in the fifth phase, they might jump off podiums.\" The crowd responded with laughter.Akhilesh's attack came a day after Rahul questioned Mulayam Singh Yadav's credibility on English, computer education and Muslim quotas after \"letting down the state for 22 years\" . Earlier, Rahul had dramatically torn up the \"SP's list of promises\" . Akhilesh blamed his needling of Rahul on the latter tearing off the SP manifesto. \"My manifesto is pious to me. If we don't fulfil our promise , you can even burn it. But not before testing our government,\" he said.Akhilesh's retaliation reflected a confidence coinciding with estimates of a Samajwadi lead in the polls. A dismal feedback on Congress's performance might have made him cocky.The verbal duel could have postpoll implications. After all, Congress and SP could require each other - Mulayam may need Congress in Lucknow and Congress may need 22 SP MPs in Delhi. Won't the bitterness make it tough?\" It is nothing personal , it is political,\" Akhilesh laughed.Assembly elections news 2102UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bellary", "code": "11970271", "title": "Burrakatha Eramma selected for Janapada Shri Award", "text": "BELLARY: Eramma of Bellary popularly known as Burrakatha Eramma has been selected for this year's Janapada Shri Award for her contributions to the development of Burrakatha, a technique of story telling common in Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu.Recipient of Hampi Kannada University's Nadoja, Eramma is one of the last exponents of the folk art. At 78, Eramma, who can not read or write, can sing over two lakh (about 7,000 pages of Burrakatha literature) lines by heart. However, it took a thesis done on her by a student of Hampi University, for the world to recognize her unique talent. In 2006 L Sarikadevi published her doctoral thesis on Burrakatha Eramma making her famous instantly.Eramma lives with her daughter, son-in-law and grand daughter in a janata house at Budga Jangama Colony in Hale Daroji village in Bellary. Belonging to a tribe of nomads, she spent most of her lives begging. She will go door-to-door singing mahakavyas to eke out a living. She and her family dedicated their lives to the art form and however, even now they find it difficult to get two square meals a day.Chief minister D V Sdananda Gowda will confer the award on her on February 22 at Ravindra Kalakshetra in Bangalore. The award carries a citation and a cash prize of Rs 3 lakhBurrakatha has a main performer aided by two sidekicks. They narrate stories from Hindu mythology and about local legends. They use techniques of music, dance and drama to communicate the message.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11968455", "title": "Delhi brothel raided, 17 from AP rescued", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a joint operation with the Delhi police, state Crime Investigation Department (CID) sleuths raided a brothel at GB Road in New Delhi and rescued 72 sex workers, including 17 from the state, on Monday. Among the rescued, 16 sex workers are minors. Police also arrested 13 traffickers.CID Women Protection Cell team headed by DSP Lakshmi Nayudu was sent on a special operation to Delhi by additional DG S V Ramana Murthy to probe a human trafficking case. After coordinating with an NGO and the Delhi police, the special team on Monday afternoon raided a brothel in Kamala Market police limits.Among the rescued, 17 sex workers, including two minors are from the state. Of the 17, two women are from Hyderabad and the remaining from Guntakal, Tirupati, Anantapur, Kadapa and Chittoor.Among the 13 arrested traffickers, two are from AP and the remaining from Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Delhi.\"The rescued girls were sent for medical examination and will be produced before the Child Welfare Committee. After that, all the rescued women, minors and the traffickers will be produced before a local court in Delhi and brought here after obtaining court orders,\" CID SP Kalpana Nayak said. The rescued victims would be sent to rehabilitation homes and the traffickers prosecuted .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11970423", "title": "MUV driver fires in the air", "text": "BANGALORE: An unidentified person opened three rounds of fire in the air at Dasarahalli Cross, near Kodigehalli, off Bellary Road, late on Monday night.Reports said the person, who appeared to be around 30 years old, was driving a green colour Toyota Qualis.He stopped and fired in the air before speeding away around 11pm.There were some more people travelling with the shooter in the MUV.Police said they recovered a bullet from the spot. They suspect the bullet could have been fired from a .22 revolver.Only a week ago, another high-end car driver had fired thrice from an air revolver on a cab which refused to give way to him in Sadashivnagar. A 14-year-old boy who was travelling in the taxi was injured in the firing.Police are yet to identify the vehicle and the driver involved in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11969530", "title": "Vijay Mallya blames Income Tax department for Kingfisher disruptions", "text": "MUMBAI: Beleaguered Kingfisher Airlines' promoter Vijay Mallya has said that he will not shut down the private carrier, which is struggling to stay afloat after another a fresh round of flight disruptions and resignation of pilots. On Monday, about 60 flights were cancelled, of which, according to airport officials, 16 were out of Mumbai.\"Closing down is not an option. It will not happen. Government does not want it to happen. It is not in national interest,\" Mallya said on Monday, in his first public reaction to the latest crisis to hit the cash-strapped airline. \"Why should we give up as long as we get help? Help is not bailout. We have asked banks to consider our proposal to provide more working capital.\"Asked about sudden disruptions in Kingfisher flights, Mallya said the airline's bank accounts were frozen \"very suddenly\" by Income Tax authorities over non-payment of tax dues. \"I don't deny we have taxes due.... The bottomline is we requested for time to pay these dues.\" On why the airline did not inform the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) about flight cancellations, he said, \"If your bank account is frozen suddenly, obviously you don't have advance notice by which to notify DGCA.\"The DGCA summoned the airline's CEO, Sanjay Aggarwal, on Tuesday to explain the flight disruptions, which began on Saturday. Since this is the second such large-scale disruption in four months, the airline is going to be warned against such moves in the future. The civil aviation regulator is also going to ask the airline how many slots (flights) it is actually operating after the latest curtailment. Last November, the regulator had found that Kingfisher was utilising 269 of its daily 418 domestic departure slots. The unutilised slots were, thereafter, freed up for other airlines. A similar exercise may be repeated this time.Still, any extreme step like cancellation of licence is unlikely for now as the government feels closure of a big airline like Kingfisher could have wider ramifications. Indicating this, aviation minister Ajit Singh told reporters: \"Ensuring safety of passengers in whatever planes (of Kingfisher) are flying is our primary concern. We do not want to cancel more flights and hope to see Kingfisher and all other financially struggling carriers recover.\"The minister ruled out any bailout on the lines of the equity infusion into state-owned Air India. \"Mallya has to find money to save his airline. Government can't go around asking banks to lend money to them. We have taken certain steps like allowing direct import of jet fuel. On that basis airlines can make plans and if banks are satisfied, they will give money under RBI norms,\" said Singh.In the meantime, flyers booked on the private carrier continued to suffer. About 60 Kingfisher flights were cancelled on Monday, of which 16-that included sectors such as Lucknow, Delhi, Indore, Hyderabad and Chandigarh-were out of Mumbai. Through most of the day, worried passengers kept landing up at the airport to inquire about their flights and were often given vague responses by seemingly uninformed staff.The airline transferred many flyers from its cancelled flights to later flights, but was unable to assuage passengers' concern and anxiety. \"My flight to Lucknow has been cancelled and the airline has put me on a flight on Tuesday morning. But I am unsure if that too would operate,\" said a passenger at Mumbai airport.Many passengers claimed that, cashing in on Kingfisher's flight cancellations, major airlines have jacked up their fares on several busy air routes by 10% to 25% over the past few days. On the Delhi-Mumbai route on which one-way airfares average about Rs 4,500-5,000, the prevailing ticket prices of some airlines ranged between Rs 6,500 and Rs 7,400. Spot fares were even higher.\"The problem is that Kingfisher is selling tickets on flights it has cancelled. So passengers know only at the last minute that their flight is cancelled. What's worse is that not many airlines are now willing to accept passengers of Kingfisher's cancelled flights as they are unsure of getting paid by the airline. So people have to buy spot fares at airports which are high,\" said a senior airline official.To lure customers back, the airline has floated standard fare coupons of Rs 4,500 for all sectors, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11970923", "title": "Wonder drug from tulsi extract may be your answer to cancer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An extract from the ubiquitous household plant tulsi is found to protect one from harmful nuclear radiations-during a war situation or in the event of a nuclear reactor leak. The extracted phytochemicals from tulsi are now being turned into a drug at a Gujarat facility - Gujarat Liqui Pharmacaps Limited (GLPL) in Padra on the outskirts of Vadodara city.The drug will be India's indigenous defence against all kinds of radiation and even prove to be a boon for cancer patients to alleviate the side effects of radiotherapy treatment. The human clinical trials are nearing completion at the Advanced Center for Treatment Research and Education at the Tata Memorial Centre in Mumbai. As soon as the trials are over, the drug will be made available to the general public.Scientists at the Institute of Nuclear Medicines and Allied Sciences (INMAS) at Defence Research and Development Organization (DRDO) have been experimenting with this medicinal plant for years which is known to possess antioxidant and immunostimulatory properties. The tulsi extract was found to be protecting living cells against the deleterious effects of an ionizing radiation. In medical use the phytochemical extracts from medicinal plant according to DRDO officials can provide protection to healthy cells in cancer patients during differential radiotherapy, while it allows the therapy to kill tumour cells in the body.\"The radioprotective medicine from the tulsi plant is being manufactured at GLPL in a limited quantity in the capsule form. The human trials of the drug is on the verge of completion and can also be administered to patients who undergo radiotherapy,\" a senior scientist at DRDO Dr Rajesh Arora who is associated with the project. The project is carried under Dr William Selvamurthy, the Chief Controller of Research and Development of DRDO, Delhi.Arora adds, \"The phytochemicals present in three other high altitude plants and fruits, Himalayan May Apple (Podophyllum ), Seabuckthorn (Hippophae) and the Cosmonaut's plant (Rhodiola), have also been found to have similar radio protective properties and are also being turned into medicine at this facility in DRDO.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11968938", "title": "All rickshaw pullers in Delhi to be registered by June-end", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) will soon launch a drive to register and issue licences to all rickshaw pullers in the city. The drive is expected to start by end of February and will continue till June 30.The licences will be issued through the Central Bureau Services counters in the municipal zones. \"An application form costing Rs 2 will be available at the counters. An annual fee of Rs 100 per annum will be charged for registration of cycle rickshaws and Rs 25 per annum for issuance of rickshaw puller's licence,\" said an MCD official.The issuance of licences had been stopped in 2007 after the number of rickshaws allowed to ply in the city was fixed at 99,000. However, after the Delhi high court issued new orders in December, the cap was removed. \"MCD had to lift the ban and now a plan which includes special licensing officials in zonal offices, and creation of parking sites has been chalked out,\" said the official.All the deputy commissioners have been given directions to first identify parking sites for rickshaws in every zone and then go ahead with the registration drive. \"Before we start with registration, parking space has to be marked. We will put signage wherever possible and the spot will be especially reserved for rickshaw parking. Rickshaws create traffic congestion as no parking site is dedicated to them. They station their rickshaws wherever they see a vacant spot,\" said an MCD official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11970046", "title": "Notices to leaseholders of idle Salt Lake plots", "text": "KOLKATA: The state urban development department has sent notices to the leaseholders of around 15 plots that are lying vacant for years in Salt Lake.Urban development secretary Debashis Sen said the process of utilizing the vacant plots has started. \"We have already put up boards on some plots and served notices on the leaseholders,\" he said.All owners, who have been served the notice, will be asked to explain why the plots have been kept vacant so far. The authorities will act on the basis of the explanations. If a leaseholder doesn't reply, the authorities will proceed to the next step. Each leaseholder will be asked to either construct houses on their plots or hand them back to the government.Many plots - residential and commercial - measuring between 2 and 5 cottah are lying vacant in the township for a long time. For a beginning, the authorities have identified around 10 to 15 such plots.A number of such unused plots have been reduced to garbage dumps. Only a few such plots have been fenced off and are maintained by leaseholders.Leaseholders of some of the plots had started constructing houses but stopped work midway. The semi-finished houses became dens for antisocial elements at night. A particular instance of this is an under-construction house in BD Block that had been taken over by a mentally deranged woman who became a nuisance in the locality for quite some time.According to rules, the urban development department can serve notices to leaseholders who fail to undertake construction within three years of the lease being granted, if the notice isn't replied to within six months. Bidhannagar Municipality had earlier tried to identify such vacant plots, but the authorities were unable to contact the leaseholders of most of them.In order to utilize the vacant plots lying in the township, the urban development department sends periodic notices to leaseholders. However, in many cases, the leaseholders move court and the plots remain vacant.This problem is not unique to Salt Lake , though. During the Left Front regime, Nabadiganta Industrial Township Authority (NDITA) had planned to either sell vacant plots at market prices or auction them. However, the present NDITA board has not decided on this issue so far. The present market value of industrial plots in Sector V ranges from Rs 5 crore to Rs 10 crore a cottah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11970619", "title": "Rural electrification in 12 districts by March", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The rural electrification work under the Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojna in districts allotted to Power Grid Corporation of India Ltd (PGCIL) will be almost complete by March 2012, PGIL chief managing director Rabindra Nath Nayak said here on Monday.Speaking at the inaugural session of \"Electricity Odisha\", an exhibition-cum seminar on power sector at Janata Maidan here, Nayak said but for areas where forest clearance is an issue work at other places will be completed by March.Sources said PGCIL has completed 85% work under the Centre's scheme in the 12 districts allotted to it. These districts include Balasore, Bhadrak, Cuttack, Khurda, Kendrapara, Jagatsinghpur, Jajpur, Sonepur, Mayurbhanj, Sundargarh, Nabarangpur and Malkangiri.BJD leader and Rajya Sabha member Pyarimohan Mohapatra inaugurated the four-day event. Speaking on the occasion, energy minister Atanu Sabyasachi Nayak said it has become an uphill task for government to meet power demand in the state as the peak demand grew from 2800 MW to 3300 MW due to rapid industrialization and massive rural electrification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11969901", "title": "Five die in road mishap near Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Five persons, including four of a family met a tragic death when the van they were travelling in collided with a bus near Madurai on Monday morning.The deceased were travelling to a temple on the occasion of Mahasivaratri celebrations when the mishap occurred in the outskirts of the city. Police said that Natarajan (62), an ex-serviceman residing at Nagal Nagar in Dindigul district, his wife Aruljothi (60), sons Suresh Kumar (32) and Saravanan (30) and uncle Narayanasamy (72) were on their way to Puthupati village near Kariapatti in Virudhunagar district to offer prayers at their family deity's temple. They visited a few other temples on Monday morning before heading towards Kariapatti in the van, driven by Ramalingam, also from Dindigul.The van was nearing Sambakulam near Perungudi, when it collided with a speeding private bus heading from Mattuthavani bus stand to Virudhunagar. The van was completely mangled in the accident and Natarajan, Aruljothi, Suresh Kumar, Narayanasamy and the driver Ramalingam died on the spot. People who saw the accident immediately informed the police personnel as well as the ambulance. Medical staff in the ambulance who rushed to the spot managed to rescue Saravanan and rushed him to the hospital. Saravanan had sustained severe injuries in the accident and is stated to be in a critical state in the government Rajaji Government Hospital.The van was damaged to such an extent that the trapped bodies of the deceased could not be taken out by the police. Fire and rescue services personnel managed to pull out the bodies after an hour's struggle. Traffic in the section was hindered during the time.Police said the bus was travelling at a very high speed and suspect that the bus driver was at fault. Meanwhile, residents of the locality feel that a curve in the particular spot posed a threat to motorists. Last year, a major mishap had occurred close to the accident spot, when 18 daily wage labourers travelling on a load carrier were killed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11969138", "title": "Mickky claims UGDP alliance strong as he releases manifesto", "text": "MARGAO: While releasing the manifesto for Goa Vikas Party (GVP, Francisco (Mickky) Pacheco claimed that there were no issues with their alliance partner United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP).Addressing mediapersons on Monday, Pacheco claimed that if GVP who has fielded candidates in 9 constituencies win these seats in the upcoming elections, they would only be part of the government if all their demands are incorporated.\"GVP will make Goa a model state,\" said GVP supremo Pacheco while stating that he did not see why anyone including their alliance partner UGDP would oppose the points mentioned.Some of the major points of the manifesto are, special status for Goa, de-notifying the Regional Plan 2021, retaining and expanding Dabolim airport, enhancing the independence and efficiency of the Lokayukta and bringing the chief minister under its purview, enhancing old age pension for senior citizens from 1,000 to 2,000 and providing housing plots (300 sq m) to landless people of Goa.\"We will give the right of choosing the medium of instruction to the respective parents,\" added GVP general secretary Lyndon Monteiro while adding that \"grants would be given to English, Konkani, Marathi and other regional languages that get grants at present\".Responding to queries over the 'friendly fight' between UGDP and GVP in Cortalim, GVP's candidate Nelly Rodrigues said she and her workers were backstabbed but went on to dismiss the chances of her UGDP rival.\"Anacleto Viegas of UGDP had announced my candidature along with Mickky and without our knowledge, he announced that they were fielding a candidate in Cortalim,\" said Rodrigues.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "11972038", "title": "Man kills friend for rape bid", "text": "LOHARDAGA: A man killed his friend for allegedly attempting to rape his younger sister at Areya village in Kisko on Sunday night.The incident came to light on Monday after people saw the body in a well on the outskirts of the village. Villagers armed with traditional weapons tried to lynch the accused after he admitted his offence. Police rescued him and took him in their custody and hospitalized later.SP Jitendra Kumar Singh said Shravan Singh and Mantu Sahu (21) were friends but Mantu's attitude towards Shravan's sister became reason of his death. \"A group of villagers were preparing for Mahashivaratri on Sunday night. Mantu left the group informing his friend that he would join them shortly. As Shravan saw him advancing towards his house he followed him. Mantu scaled the fencing of Shravan's home and tried to rape his sister who was attending nature's call. Seeing Mantu attempting to rape his sister, Shravan killed him,\" the SP said. tnnHe said that Shravan later threw the body into an isolated well on the outskirts of the village, about 1 km from his house. On Monday morning, a group of villagers tried to lynch Shravan but police saved him.\"We suspect that there are some more men who assisted Shravan in the killing and hiding the body,\" said the SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "11970949", "title": "Many trees felled without permission, connivance alleged", "text": "PATIALA: More than 15 full grown trees, standing inside the premises of market committee of Banur, have been axed without any permission from the forest department. The contractor engaged by authorities to axe uprooted trees allegedly axed many standing trees in connivance with some committee authorities.During the last two-three years, many trees were uprooted by rains and were lying inside the office of committee since their uprooting, sources said. Some days back, the committee had reportedly auctioned the uprooted trees and allotted tenders to contractor Bhajan Singh to axe the uprooted trees.Though the contractor allegedly axed many standing trees as well, authorities have failed to take any action despite complaints by some locals.\"They have axed many full grown standing trees also here. The axing has been going on for the last three days. But there is no action against anyone so far. It shows that this is happening with the connivance of authorities,\" said a local, Gurmukh Singh.\"Axing has been going on as there is no one in office to prevent illegal axing of trees. There should be a high level inquiry and government must take stern action,\" demanded another local, Satinder Sidhu.When contacted, chairman of market committee of Banur, Jagwinder singh Jassi confirmed that the contractor has axed many standing trees, though he has permission to axe for only uprooted trees. \"We have formed a two-member committee and would take strict action against contractor,\" said he.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11968747", "title": "Boy crushed to death under ground gate", "text": "MUMBAI: A 10-year-old boy was crushed to death under a 200-kg gate of a public ground in Malwani on Sunday.The victim, Himesh Panikar, was swinging on the gate when it came off its hinges and collapsed to the ground, crushing the boy underneath it, said the police. The number of casualties could have been higher had there been more children on or near the gate. A case of accidental death has been registered by the Malwani police.Himesh was a Std V student of Holy Angel English High School. He stayed in Malwani with his parents and older brother Vinay, also a school student. Himesh's father Jayesh runs a vada-pav business in Andheri.On Sunday evening, Vinay left home to play football with his friends at the government-owned playground, which is near the old post office. Himesh followed him. \"Many children come to the playground on Sunday evenings. Earlier, they would jump over the closed gate to enter the ground. The kids wouldn't even listen to the watchman. As a result, the gate was kept open on Sunday evenings,\" a local said.Around 4.30pm, Himesh was swinging on the gate along with a few other boys his age. After sometime, the other boys left but Himesh continued to swing. Suddenly, the 200-kg gate came off its hinges. Himesh lost his balance and fell on the ground. Before he could get up, the gate collapsed on him.Vinay, who witnessed the incident, rushed to help his brother. \"Himesh sustained serious injuries on his nose, back and hands. He also sustained internal injuries. Vinay used a passerby's cellphone to inform his parents,\" said a police officer. \"With the help of three friends, Vinay took Himesh to the nearby Mangal Murti Hospital. Doctors adviced that the boy should be taken to Bhagwati Hospital in Borivli, where he was declared dead,\" the officer added.Said Himesh's father Jayesh, \"I was supposed to accompany my sons to the ground on Sunday evening, but couldn't.\" Himesh was in such a hurry to go to play that he had a bath with cold water instead of the usual warm water.\"Officials said the gate could have collapsed due to constant swinging by the kids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11968996", "title": "Will Ponda send the home minister home?", "text": "PONDA: Although Congress' Ravi Naik is confident of retaining his seat and Lavu Mamledar of the Maharastrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) is also sure of winning this election, the fate of Ponda constituency's candidates lies in the hands of BJP's grassroots workers.Political analysts feel that if BJP works wholeheartedly for its alliance partner, MGP, the win for Mamledar is sure. Any delinquency, however, will send the state home minister back to the House.\"Before the alliance was declared, several BJP activists were hopeful of having a BJP candidate in Ponda and had started working towards the same. As BJP's state leaders went into an alliance with the MGP, their aspirations in Ponda were foiled. Hence their role will be the deciding factor,\" says a political analyst, wishing not to be named.Ponda BJP block president Sunil Desai says the party is in an alliance with the MGP and the saffron party's workers will work with the regional outfit's candidate. \"We are with the MGP and are working for the alliance candidate in Ponda,\" said Desai.Some MGP-BJP workers claim that given the votes their respective parties polled in 2007, the combined votes this time around will ensure Mamledar wins.Political analysts reject this surmise pointing out that every election is a fresh process and the winability depends on the candidate's and/or party's approach to the electorate and the developmental work carried out by the incumbent.In this election, apart from Naik and Mamledar, five more candidates are in the fray , including, Gitesh Naik (United Goans Democratic Party), Imtiyaz Sayad (All India Trinamool Congress ), Vaibhav Marathe ( Samajwadi Party ) and independents John Mascarenhas and Mohan Govind Naik.The actual fight, analysts say, is between Naik and Mamledar.Ponda constituency has been Naik's bastion for the last 12 years and he is expecting to retain it.While Usgao village panchayat with its 9,963 voters had been part of the constituency in the last poll, this time it is part of Valpoi constituency. Ponda's electoral number has, however, increased from 24,557 in 2007 to 28,594-14,877 male and 13,703 female (14 are service voters)-today.Naik says the delimitation exercise will not affect his prospects as he had done a lot of work in Ponda.He dreams of an underground electric cable project and a sewerage treatment plant for the constituency in his new tenure as MLA.He is also pursuing making Ponda the third district in the two-district state. Encompassing neighbouring talukas, he hopes this will bring rapid development to the region.\"I have solved the long-pending kabrastan (burial ground) issue of the Muslim community in the town. Muslims in Ponda constituency will therefore vote for me despite there being a Muslim candidate in the fray,\" said Naik.\"Ponda has 24 wards and in all wards I will win with a thumping majority,\" he added.MGP, on the other hand, released its manifesto on Monday, and Mamledar told TOI, \"If the BJP-MGP come to power we will provide free education to all needy children; rehabilitate hutment dwellers in Ponda and will construct an overbridge from Tisk-Ponda to the bypass road.\"Both leading candidates spoke of constructing a parallel bridge over the Khandepar River. Naik said he has already followed up for the early construction of the bridge. \"The planning work has been done only actual work has start,\" claimed Naik said. Mamledar said he would work to initiate the work as fast as possible.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11970940", "title": "BMHRC nursing staff threaten stir from March 1", "text": "BHOPAL: Another strike threatens to affect services at the Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre (BMHRC). Demanding salaries at par with the 6th pay commission recommendations, the nursing employees association of BMHRC has threatened to go on indefinite strike from March 1.There is a growing disenchantment among hospital employees over the alleged indifferent attitude of the Indian Council for Medical Research (ICMR) to their demands, sources said. \"Far from achieving a potential to become a full-fledged super-specialty hospital as promised by its new caretaker ICMR, gas victims and employees face many problems at the BMHRC,\" said an employee association member, seeking anonymity.BMHRC meant primarily for gas victims was handed over to the ICMR, an autonomous body under the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Department of Health Research.In November 2011, the BMHRC employees association had given a call for a strike, but did not resort to it following assurances by the ICMR.\"It has been well over 19 months after the handing over of the BHMRC to the centre. First, it was the Department of Atomic Energy (DAE) and now ICMR, both have failed to meet our demands,\" said BMHRC Nursing Association secretary Mayjo Varghese. \"We will sport white badges to protest from tomorrow (February 21) and work an extra hour to protest for our voice to be heard. If nothing happens we will go on indefinite strike from March 1,\" he added.BMHRC employees association secretary Sanjeev Sabarwal said, \"We are awaiting visit of officials from the Department of Health and Research this week. After ascertaining the situation we will decide the future course of action.\" The association is banking on assurances of consolidated pay scale or preliminary implementation of 6th pay commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11971310", "title": "Dining filled with more options", "text": "PUNE: Humble eateries that dot the Peths exude an aroma that is intrinsically Puneri. Then there are the city's Irani restaurants, dwindling, but steadfast in their commitment to serve that incomparable combo-chai' and 'bun-maska'. A number of high-end restaurants tantalise the city's eclectic populace with the exotic.Little wonder then that Pune bagged the third spot in The Times Of India-IMRB Quality Of Life survey, when it came dining options. Respondents awarded the city's dining options a 3.4, two points lesser than Mumbai's 3.6, and a point lower than Delhi's 3.5.Gourmet specialist Karen Anand, who has many cook books under her sleeve, felt that the new entrants-the city's growing expat population and a large number of cosmopolitan Indians-have led to a spurt in restaurants here.\"There weren't any standalone restaurants in the city 20 years ago. When I started the Times Food Guide three years ago, I was told to cover the top 50 restaurants in Pune. At that time it was difficult to find that many. Now, I have covered way over 50,\" she said. \"The new en-trants exhibit the need to go out and eat. The kind of food that the city has begun to dish out is also getting better,\" she added.Praful Chandawarkar, director at Malaka Spice, a restaurant which has innovated its offerings, said, \"Eating out in Pune has become increasingly interesting in the last decade. Pune has always lived in the shadow of Mumbai and continues to do so. But to its advantage, Pune has a young, vibrant population willing to experiment in cuisine and has sources of income through defence, IT, heavy industry, automo-bile sector and education.\" Chandawarkar said that exotic cuisine in Pune has been pushed forward by the presence of interesting chefs such as Shailendra Kekade at Stone Water Grill, Dario at Dario's, Cheeru Chandawarkar at Malaka Spice and restaurateurs such as Imrun Singh at Tertulia. \"The new five-star hotels have also helped in the culinary journey, so do have standalone restaurants such as Nisarg. We are not far behind Mumbai as a lot of famous restaurants are making Pune their home,\" he said.Amogh Prasad, executive chef with SNS Hospitality and Entertainment, has worked in several restaurants and hotels in the UK for seven years.\"I came back to Pune and realised that the dining scene here has changed for the better. The options available have increased tremendously. There are a few serious players who have made a mark on the dining scene. In terms of infrastructure and availability of ingredients, we suffer a bit. Many individuals are doing a wide variety of things- from organic farming to free range chickens. Suppliers are ready to source new ingredients,\" he said.As far as Michelin quality restaurants are concerned, he feels that we are a little way off because these restaurants are a niche set and have a certain style. \"Another year or two and we may just end up having a Michelin standard restaurant in Pune,\" he said. Api Mirpuri, the director, operations, Tutto Bene, which is a delicates-sen in Wanowrie, said, \"We grew up in Hong Kong, went to college in Canada , spent 12 years in the Czech Republic and travelled exten-sively across Europe before moving to Pune in July 2008. Our travels gave us the experience we have and allowed us to appreciate the food and flavours of cuisines from all over the world. The first few months in Pune, we struggled to find a good, fresh and wholesome sandwich, so we thought about opening a deli.\"A delicatessen by definition means \"delicacies\" which encompasses cheese, meat, ready-to-eat food and salads. With the sandwiches and salads, the deli took it a step further to include international gourmet food items.\"There are only a few food revolutions in Pune. The city bagged high-ratings in this arena because the two or three players in the city are top-notch. You can see them being passionate about what they serve, and that is what translates them into a revolution,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11970014", "title": "Kingfisher to resume service today", "text": "KOLKATA: With the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) summoning the Kingfisher Airlines CEO for an explanation into widespread cancellation of flights, including suspending all operations at Kolkata airport, the carrier has hastily decided to resume its ATR service from the city on Tuesday.Sources in the airline told TOI that hectic efforts were made late on Monday evening to operate the Dhaka flight on Tuesday despite the presence of only 10 passengers on the 56-seater aircraft. They also said the airline will commence the other ATR flights - twice daily to Bhubaneswar and four flights a week to Bagdogra and thrice to Aizwal - from Wednesday. However, it isn't clear if all the flights will be revived.\"We have been asked to prepare for ATR operations from Tuesday. Flights to Mumbai, Delhi and Bangkok will commence later when an Airbus aircraft is available,\" an official said on conditions of anonymity.TOI has already reported that an A-320 aircraft had been grounded after it was hit by a bird while flying from Udaipur to Delhi on Friday. An Airbus usually does five sectors a day. During the hearing by DGCA on Tuesday, CEO Sanjay Aggarwal can cite the grounded aircraft as the reason for cancellation of flights to Mumbai, Delhi and Bangkok. However, explaining the cancellation of ATR sectors would have been very difficult.Kingfisher Airlines vice-president Prakash Mirpuri declined to confirm or deny the development. \"We will appear before the DGCA on Tuesday and submit all details they seek and also a plan to restore the full schedule,\" he said.Kingfisher is likely to cite the sudden attachment of its bank accounts by the IT department as the primary reason for disruption in flight schedules.\"Freezing of the accounts has severely affected our ability to make operational payments leading to the present curtailment. We are in dialogue with tax authorities to agree to a payment plan and get the bank accounts unfrozen at the earliest. We are appealing to them to see reason that inconvenience to the travelling public is not in anybody's interests. Employee salaries can be paid and grounded aircraft recovered quicker once the bank accounts are unfrozen and the schedule restored on priority,\" Mirpuri said.More than 30 aircraft in Kingfisher Airlines fleet are currently grounded. But it has adequate number of flight crew and cabin crew to operate the flights.A section of the staff in Kolkata believes the decision to resume ATR operations from Tuesday instead of February 28 could also have been driven by loss of passenger trust. \"That not even one flight is operating out of Kolkata reflects very poorly on the airline and is creating mistrust among passengers from the city. With every passing day, the distrust will grow deeper. Therefore, the management had to put Kolkata back on its map,\" one of them pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11969906", "title": "HC order for parole to Rajiv case convict challenged", "text": "MADURAI: The state government on Monday challenged a single judge order directing it to grant ordinary leave to Ravichandran, a convict in the Rajiv Gandhi assassination case, for a period of 15 days.P Ravichandran, who was cited as accused no 16, found guilty of participating in criminal conspiracy to assassinate Rajiv Gandhi, was sentenced to death along with 25 others by a Special Court for TADA cases on January 28, 1998.Later, the Supreme Court commuted his sentence to life. Ravichandran is presently undergoing life imprisonment in the Madurai Central Prison. He has spent more than 20 years inside jail. His mother Rajeshwari had filed a writ petition in the Madurai bench seeking release of her son on 30 days' ordinary leave for settling family disputes and also to make arrangements for maintenance of lands and properties.On December 20, Justice V Ramasubramanian directed the authorities to grant ordinary leave to Ravichandran at least for a period of 15 days and pass appropriate orders within two weeks. prescribing the date, time and modality for the working out of other details.While passing the order, the judge also pointed out that the prisoner had gone out only on three occasions for short spells. On all those occasions, his conduct and character in society had not come to adverse notice.Now, the state government has filed a writ appeal in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court seeking to stay the order of the single judge's order. On behalf of the state government, the writ appeal was filed by R Anbalagan, superintendent of prisons, Madurai.The state government said that on earlier occasions, Ravichandran was released on leave for 14 days in 3 different times along with strong police escort headed by a deputy superintendent of police (surveillance). But now, the high court in its order had directed to grant 15 days' ordinary leave to the convict. The government termed the leave very long and added that had the prisoner been released on leave without police escort in earlier instances, the situation would have worsened.As this prisoner is involved in the assassination of a former prime minister, his presence outside the prison may be dangerous or prejudicial to public peace and tranquility. These points were not factored into account by the high court, added the state government.Moreover, the state pointed out that the prisoner had not even paid escort charges totalling Rs 1,39,391 for having gone on leave. In the event of release of this prisoner further, he has to pay a large amount as escort charges.The government added that the deployment of a large number of police personnel in the Virudhunagar district as escort would affect normalcy in the area.When the matter came up for hearing before Justices N Paul Vasanthakumar and P Devadass, the Additional Advocate General K Chellapandian sought time to put forth the state government's further contentions in the matter.The matter now has been adjourned to February 29 for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11970978", "title": "Eligibility of 1,000 MCA students questioned by HC", "text": "BHOPAL: An order by the Madhya Pradesh high court with regards to eligibility norms for Masters in Computer Application (MCA) has dashed the hopes of almost 1,000 students from different colleges of the state. All the students were admitted after undertaking the entrance exam conducted by the MP Professional Examination Board (MPPEB) and through counseling. The court order has termed their admissions illegal.The issue started in September 2011 after MCA colleges refused to give admissions to the candidates who were BCA degree holders but did not have mathematics as a subject at the 10+2 level. These students moved court and got an interim relief from the high court in December.However, last week, the high court termed their admission illegal saying that the court cannot interfere in the rules framed by AICTE.\"Whose mistake is this\", asked a dejected student. \"We students or the Board that conducted the exam or the colleges. Who should be blamed\", he said.Hailing from Jhansi, Nikita said that MPPEB conducted the pre-MCA exam in March 2011. \"We appeared and cleared the exam. The board should have, in fact rejected our applications for the entrance test if there was any problem about our eligibility,\" she added.First they admitted us and now they say the admission is illegal. They should have not admitted us,\" another MCA student, Vandana Kumari, said. Now, it's a trauma for me and my family,\" a dejected Vandana who hails from Patna said.When contacted, public relations officer of MPPEB, Sunil Shrivastava, said that the board conducts exam on the basis of rules and regulations framed by the respective department and in this case, it is director of technical education. \"Our job is to conduct exam. We put everything on our official website about the eligibility criteria for respective exams,\" Shrivastava maintained.Now, the aggrieved students plan to move the SC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "11970258", "title": "Ancient idol worth Rs 1 crore stolen from Jain temple", "text": "PALANPUR: Amid Mahashivratri celebration, a dozen unidentified miscreants stole 1,500-year-old marble idol of 'Chakreshwari Mata' worth Rs 1 crore from a Jain temple, eight km from Visnagar in Mehsana district, during wee hours on Monday.Around 10 to 12 thieves barged into the temple premises after breaking the channel gate and stole the 2.5-feet-high idol weighing 90 kg. Surprisingly, the thieves did not even attempt to touch the silver crown, umbrella studded with ornaments and cash, police said.The incident came to light when temple priest Shakuntla Devi found the idol missing and alerted local temple head Moni Nirbhay Sagar. \"We have gathered evidence from the spot and efforts are on to nab the miscreants,\" Mehsana superintendent of police R J Sawani said. The investigations were handed over to the Local Crime Branch.Two years ago thieves had targeted the Taranga Jain temple and tried to steal the idol of Lord Neminath. But because it was heavy, the idol broke on the way and miscreants could take only the head. \"We cannot rule out the links between the two as accused in the Taranga case are out on bail and did not remain present in the court last time,\" Sawani added.Moniji said it was the second time that attempt was made to steal the idols. The stolen idol was one of the 58 ancient idols installed in the temple on June 6 last year after they were found during excavation near Rajgadhi Tikara in the village in 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11970022", "title": "Clerk\u2019s death case: Police probe comes under lens", "text": "Investigation Reveals That He Was Handling NRHM FundPASGAWAN (LAKHIMPUR): Fresh revelations in the murder of Lakhimpur CMO office clerk Mahendra Sharma have raised questions over police investigation in the case. It is learnt that blank cheques of Janani Surakhsha Yojana were found scattered at Sharma's official residence from where his partially decomposed body was found on February 15. It indicates that Sharma was indeed handling a part of the National Rural Health Mission funds, a fact which has not been accepted by the cops.The police have been evading queries on whether Sharma was handling any of the NRHM schemes. They had termed his death a suicide, but that was ruled out in the postmortem report. Sharma's family has alleged that the 51-year-old clerk was murdered in cold blood and have accused his departmental colleagues and seniors. The family claims Sharma was under tremendous pressure from his seniors ever since he had refused to sign some documents at the behest of his bosses.TOI had also visited the crime scene to go through the circumstantial evidences, particularly in the light of the sequence of events that followed before Sharma went missing on February 7.Shortly after Sharma's body was recovered from his government accommodation adjacent to the Pasgawan Community Health Centre, police had stated that, since the only entrance to the house was found locked from inside, it was a case of suicide. But the fact is the premises had two doors: one in front and another in the rear that opens from the kitchen into a small backyard. Sharma's sons, Tushar and Neeraj, insist that one of the doors was locked from outside but opens from inside. They had reached the site when the police were trying to break into the house.Those who saw Sharma's body claim there were at least six injury marks on the body, which suggest a struggle occurred at the place. His hands were covered with wet mud which had dried overtime. The body was found lying in a corner of the kitchen and not on the bed in the adjacent room - as most of the suicide victims are generally found in.At least six unsigned cheques of Janani Suraksha Yojana worth Rs 46,000 to Rs 100,000 were lying scattered in the main room and the almirah was found broken. A rubber stamp ink pad was also found lying in the main room. Moreover, Sharma's thumb had dry ink on it, insists Tushar. There were no traces of the kind of mud found on the victim's hand. Sharma's gold chain, finger ring and purse could not be traced by the police from the house.Each of these claims contradict the suicide theory.His family insists that Sharma's fellow clerks had met him on February 7 and that was the last he was seen. The time of death, according to postmortem report, was \"about 3 or 4 days before the autopsy was performed\". The cause of death has been described as ante-mortem smothering and superficial injuries.Following the contradiction between the police theory of suicide and cause of death in the autopsy report, the state administration sent director FSL Dr S Upadhyay and IG Lucknow range Jawed Ahmed for a first-hand inspection of the crime scene. The team arrived at the CHC at around 10am and spent more than four hours observing the area. Later, the police sealed Sharma's official accommodation.Story so farIf Mahendra Sharma was indeed handling the NRHM-related funds then his death was fifth in the series of murders and suicide related to the scam linked to Rs 8,500 crore Central health fund. Before this, Lucknow deputy CMOs (family welfare) VK Arya and and BP Singh were killed in the city while body of deupty CMO YS Sachan was found int the district jail. The CBI is probing all the three murders and NRHM fund. The CBI has already taken into custody eight persons of family welfare department and Jal Nigam which executed some of the NRHM projects. Last month, a project manager of of Jal Nigam shot himself after his house was raided by the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11975491", "title": "Callin\u2019 all nightbirds", "text": "There is no doubt about the Chennaiite's appetite for merrymaking.And this recent get-together at one of the city's popular nightclubs was proof of how hard our revellers party. The menu for the night was extensive with some pulsating music, courtesy the DJ, who seemed to be on a roll. Churning up a heady mix of tracks that made the dancefloors glitter this year, along with some superbly remixed numbers from The Black Keys , Adele , Bruno Mars , Katy Perry and more, this spin doctor had his fans at Hey Ya! Of course, singing and dancing aside, there was lots of room for conversations and ice breakers as well. The ladies took the initiative to look like a million bucks and sauntered in to raise the temperature of the joint in mysterious ways. Well, the boys had just asked for it!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11969661", "title": "No SEZ status for Infosys, says West Bengal government", "text": "KOLKATA: The Bengal government is all set to send a communique to the IT bellwether Infosys within a week informing the company that the state cannot recommend its project for special economic zone (SEZ) status, said IT minister Partha Chatterjee on Monday.The minister added that the letter would also state the sops the Bengal government can provide to the company. This move might bring in bad news for the state as recent media reports have quoted Infosys as saying that it may stall the project in the state if it does not get SEZ status.\"We will give a reply to the Infosys within this week stating clearly that we (government) are in principle against SEZ in the state. But we will request the Centre to provide Infosys with some of the facilities of SEZ and the state will also try to partially match the concessions Infosys would have got in SEZ,\" the minister said.Some of the benefits the state government can provide are: like Value-added tax ( VAT) relief, soft loans, sops in power tariff and being a sovereign guarantor to the company in any kind of loan it takes. \"In case of Tata Motors , the previous government had offered various sops. We might look for some sops to retain Infosys,\" Chatterjee said. he added. Chatterjee The minister indicated that it would also request the Centre for tax sops like exemption of service tax, central excise exemption and corporate income tax exemption.Infosys purchased 50 acres of land for the project in Rajarhat, in the northeastern fringes of the city, for Rs 1.5 crore per acre for the project. The company also made the payment in full in October last year. It has made full payment for the land in October last year.Recently, it had written a letter to Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco) seeking clarification on its SEZ status in the state.In a recent communication to TOI, Infosys Technologies spokesperson said: \"We are yet to get any official communication on this from West Bengal government. Without seeing the fineprint we will not be able to comment. However, we are very optimistic about the project in the state.\"So far, there are four IT SEZs in the state - Wipro, Unitech, DLF and Bantala IT SEZ.Regarding the granting of SEZ status to Wipro's second campus in the city, Chatterjee said: \"It is yet to pay the entire amount of its land price. We will discuss about its SEZ status after it pays the entire amount.\"Wipro has bought 50 acres plot for Rs 75 crore from Hidco in Rajarhat Action Area III. in the northeastern fringes of the city.It paid the first tranche of money, Rs 18.90 crore, which is 25% of the total amount, to Hidco on January 1, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mahbubnagar", "code": "11968502", "title": "TRS faces acid test in Mahbubnagar", "text": "MAHBUBNAGAR: K Chandrasekhar Rao represents Mahbubnagar in the Lok Sabha but that may not quite mean that his Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) would have a cakewalk in the Assembly bypolls on March 18 along with six other seats.The TRS has named Syed Ibrahim as its candidate for the high-profile bypoll much to the chagrin of local party cadre even as Congress and TDP look to do everything they can to win the coveted seat. The TDP's candidate for the seat is former minister K Chandra Sekhar. And, the Congress, even though undecided on its candidate, has at least a dozen aspirants expressing their wish to fight the bypoll. The Mahbubnagar Assembly seat fell vacant following the death of independent candidate Rajeshwar Reddy last year.Although the name of Vijayalakshmi, spouse of the deceased Congress associate member, is doing the rounds, District Congress Committee president Muthyala Prakash and former municipal chairman Obeidullah Kotwal are fancying their chances.The TRS candidate is considered an 'outsider' as he hails from Shadnagar and that perception could work against the party which is leaving no stone unturned to project the coming verdict as a vote for a separate Telangana sentiment. Sources said that TRS wants to cash in on the minority vote and, hence, the ticket to Ibrahim.Political leaders, who have recently switched over to TRS from parties like the Congress and TDP, are unhappy over Ibrahim's choice. \"The party leadership has neglected us and given the ticket to Ibrahim, an outsider. The party has forgotten our sacrifices and named Ibrahim without taking the local leaders and its cadre into confidence,\" lamented a senior TRS leader who did not want to be identified.Imtiyaz Ishaq, a local minority community heavyweight who recently switched over to TRS from Congress along with former Congress minister Jupalli Krishna Rao, was a strong contender for the seat as was Srinivas Goud. Some of the disgruntled TRS leaders have openly declared that they would not campaign for Ibrahim. \"TRS is in for a big trouble were the party cadre to boycott canvassing for Ibrahim,\" remarked a political observer.The polls in Nagarkurnool and Kollapur, too, are crucial for TRS and other parties. Jupalli is contesting on a TRS ticket and his TDP opponent is Jagadeeshwar Reddy.In Nagarkurnool, former TDP MLA Nagam Janardhan Reddy is set to contest as an independent with both TRS and BJP having decided to support him. The Congress candidate here is Damodar Reddy while the TDP is going ahead with businessman Marri Janardhan Reddy for this Assembly seat.While political pundits believe that Nagam's win is a foregone conclusion, it won't be easy for Jupalli to walk away with Kollapur as information minister DK Aruna is sparing no efforts to upstage her archrival in district politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11970881", "title": "BBA graduate nabbed for stealing car", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A youth from Gandhinagar was arrested by Naranpura police for stealing a Maruti Suzuki Swift DZire car on February 12. Investigators said that they were stumped by ingenious modus operandi of the youth, Giriraj Vaghela, 22.Parit Trivedi, a resident of Aryan Apartment in Naranpura, recently went to Rhythm Music store near Sardar Patel statue after parking his vehicle outside the shop. Suddenly, he heard an alarm from his car. Trivedi saw a youth fleeing in his car. \"He tried to stop the car, but to no avail. Trivedi chased him as a pillion on a bike up to Helmet crossroads, but lost him afterwards. He then filed a complaint with us,\" said H B Jamod, inspector of Naranpura police station.While probing the case, police asked Trivedi whether he was contacted by any person regarding his car. Trivedi then recalled that he had got a call from Maruti about free car wash and polishing offer as a loyal customer on January 18. A youth had come to his residence and had taken his car on the following day and also returned it the same day with servicing as promised.\"When we inquired with the company about such service, they denied contacting Trivedi. We thus deducted that the youth in question made the duplicate key during that period. We then got the phone number of the youth. With technical surveillance, we found him to be in Gandhinagar and nabbed him from his residence,\" said Jamod.Officials said that the accused was identified as Giriraj Vaghela, a resident of Sector 22, Gandhinagar. Vaghela is a BBA graduate and was working as a stock broker. \"Son of a government employee, he took on to vehicle thefts to pay his debt of around Rs 7 lakh. He has earlier been nabbed by city and Gandhinagar police for vehicle thefts,\" said a Naranpura police official.As per the plan, he stole the car but he was not aware of the security system. Once out of the city limits, he turned off the system. In between, he threw out Trivedi's iPhone worth Rs 35,000 at a shop near Swastik crossroads that police later managed to recover. The phone was thrown out so that police could not trace him.\"The master stroke came afterwards when he parked the car in the VIP section of old Sachivalay building in Gandhinagar as he knew that nobody would check the cars there. As son of an employee of Sachivalay, he knew the nitty-gritty of the affair. During his questioning, he told us that he did not want to keep the car with him and had placed an advertisement in newspapers in Vadodara about the sales of Swift Desire even before he stole the car,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11970154", "title": "Golden Chariot gets a golden fillip", "text": "BANGALORE: The Golden Chariot could strike gold soon. United Kingdom-headquartered Great Rail Journeys (GRJ) is in the final stages of tying up with the Karnataka State Tourism Development Corporation (KSTDC) for its Golden Chariot .An agreement with GRJ would ensure 300 foreign tourists for the Golden Chariot in the initial years. And GRJ officials are certain the number could go up manifold over time. On Monday, GRJ's commercial director David Gaster was in Bangalore for talks with state tourism officials.As market leaders in the UK for rail holidays, GRJ facilitates more than 200 different conducted tours around the globe. Till this year, the only Indian glimpse they offered was of North India, by tours on the Palace On Wheels, Royal Rajasthan on Wheels and The Indian Maharaja.\"We have a loyal customer base who take trips with us every year. While we weren't sure of including a South tour in the India itinerary, the increasing number of requests from our customers helped us realize the need for it,\" Gaster told TOI on Monday.Tourists travelling to South India can complete their entire South India tour by the Golden Chariot or choose to travel for a few days and then take the GJR's guided tour. \"It's a wonderful opportunity to break even first and then look at profits. Once the tie-up is in place, we're sure to draw in more people every year,\" said C D Dyavaiah, managing director, KSTDC. Every trip needs to generate Rs 60 lakh for it to be financially viable, but since its inauguration in 2008, it's been making Rs 40 lakh on an average.Why Golden Chariot\"It touches many other southern states on its journey and thereby gives a comprehensive feel of South India in a week. The fact that South India has such a distinctove culture, cuisine and coastline makes it a wonderful destination and everything incorporated in one trip makes the Golden Chariot an obvious choice,\" said Gaster.Also, the 'Silver Surfer' tourist profile of GRJ perhaps gels well with luxury train travel. \"Our high-end travellers are mostly in their fifties and sixties -- people who want to enjoy the picturesque South India and don't mind an extra day for that. The leisurely Golden Chariot journey suits their requirement the best,\" he added.Train journeys classyMoving away from air travel, train journeys are fast becoming popular in Europe. \"It's considered classy unlike at airports where people are treated like cattle because of the huge rush. Rail journeys are becoming more popular by the day,\" said Gaster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11975145", "title": "Desi delight for 'Jodi Breakers' unit in Greece", "text": "Recently, when 75 crew members of \"Jodi Breakers\", including actors Bipasha Basu, Madhavan etc were camping in Greece , they developed a strong craving for Indian cuisine.But the real fight was to find authentic Indian food in the Greek land as it was proving to be a difficult task.\"There were twenty young Punjabi boys from Mykanos Island, who were also part of the group. They were also huge Bipasha Basu fans. When they got to know about the unit's food dilemma, they pitched in.Soon they took charge and arranged for delicious Punjabi food including Sarson ka saag and Makki ki roti ,\" said a source.For what came as a pleasant and delicious surprise, the unit members simply could not resist and relished it to the fullest.We heard Maddy, Bipasha and other cast members left the Greek food aside and joined the rest to relish the Indian food.The story doesn't end here as Maddy who is very fond of pickles was spotted firing the staff as they forgot to carry pickles from India.And to his rescue came a Sikh guy, also a local junior artist. \"He arranged for some home-made achaar for the actor. Touched by his gesture, Maddy thanked him with a hug.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11970349", "title": "Gadkari ridicules Rahul, Mulayam for \u2018politics of vote\u2019", "text": "KANPUR: BJP president Nitin Gadkari on Monday ridiculed both Congress leader Rahul Gandhi and SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav for \"misleading the people by making hollow promises in an effort to grab power in the state\".Gadkari, who was addressing a public rally at Old Central ground in Babupurwa falling under the Cantt assembly segment, blasted Rahul for holding roadshows in the city and said: \"The person doing the roadshow comes for a day, waves his hand and goes away. Earlier, Indira Gandhi, Rajiv Gandhi and Sonia Gandhi also waved hands. Now Rahul is doing the same and Priyanka is training her children the way to wave hands. This party has waved hand and spread corruption in the country. So vote out Congress and bring in BJP.\"Terming SP president Mulayam Singh Yadav as a \"supporter of the banned outfit SIMI\", Gadkari questioned \"How will such a leadership provide security to the state?\"\"Mohan Chandra Sharma had died as a martyr while fighting terrorists in Batla house encounter. Has any of the Congress leaders ever visited the house of martyr Sharma to know how his family is surviving? Why terrorist Afzal Guru has not been hanged in six years of UPA regime?\" questioned Gadkari while addressing the people.He said: \"Mulayam has promised that if his party comes to power, the families of the rape victims would be given jobs. If this is what he can give, we don't want such a government to come to power. We want a government which is all masculine and which can prevent crimes, especially those against women, from taking place. During Mulayam's regime, `goondaraj' comes into existence and in Maya's rule, 'loot' takes over goonadraj.\" He went on to add that \"if BJP comes to power, both Mulayam and Mayawati would be sent to jail\".Lambasting Mayawati for erecting her statues in the state capital and making sprawling parks, Gadkari said, \"A whooping Rs 10,000 crores have been wasted on erecting statues and gardens. If this huge amount had been spent on developing industries, several unemployed youths would have got employment.\"Gadkari was quick to add that a beautiful temple of Lord Ram would be constructed in Ayodhya if BJP was voted to power. \"No one will be able to stop us from doing so. We will set up 'Ram Rajya' in the state,\" he said amidst loud cheering from the crowd.Commenting on the promises being made by the Congress regarding more quota to the minorities, Gadkari said that \"according to the SC ruling, more than 50% quota cannot be given to the minorities and if the quota percentage is to be increased further, a change in the Constitution has to be made. This change in quota is not possible without having two thirds majority in Parliament, which both Congress and Samajwadi Party lack\".\"Mulayam says that if he comes to power, Muslims will get 18% quota within the OBC category. The Congress leaders say that they would give minorities 9% quota. So I question the leaders of both these parties as to how will they provide such quota. This means that they will cut the quota given to the Yadavs, Kurmis, Dalits and Nishads which would be an act of injustice,\" said the BJP president. He went on to add that this was a just a propaganda and Mulayam was not worried about the Yadavs and the Dalits. \"Instead, he is worried how to make his son Chief Minister of UP and the same way Sonia is also worried for Rahul. And what to talk about Mayawati, she is running a wholesale shop on rent where whatever she says is right and rest are just domestic help,\" said Gadkari.Remarking on the poor power scenario in the industrial city, Gadkari said that due to non-availability of power for 14 hours per day, the industries have shut down and moved out of the city. Once flourishing textile industry has come to an end, he added.Commenting on Rahul asking the people to bring Congress to power for five years in UP, the BJP leader said: \"Rahul says that in last 22 years, there has been no development in the state. Before this period, Congress was in power for 40 long years. What did they do then. Absolutely nothing.\"\"Rahul said people of Uttar Pradesh move to other states with begging bowl. This has happened in last 22 years. I would like to tell Rahul that this evil has been the baby of Congress government which has ruled UP for 40 long years and therefore, they cannot blame anybody for this,\" said Gadkari.He sent that from Indira Gandhi to Rahul, all of them made \"Garibi hatao\" their slogan. \"But now the Congress is doing politics of caste and BJP is doing politics of development,\" he said. Gadkari claimed that both the BSP and Congress were neck deep in corruption.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11968657", "title": "Babus seek probe into irregularities in IAS promotions", "text": "HYDERABAD: Serving and retired bureaucrats have termed the allegation of corruption in the conferment of IAS on state service officers as a serious charge that needs to be immediately investigated and a fool-proof mechanism put in place for promoting state-level officers to the all India service.'If the allegation that some officers had paid money to be conferred the IAS status is true, it must be investigated by an independent body like the CBI. The IAS is an all India service into which ineligible and corrupt officers should not be allowed to enter by paying bribes,\" said former Union power secretary E A S Sarma.Several serving IAS officers too expressed serious concern and wanted the political and corrupt appointments to be checked. As per the allegations made (veracity cannot be vouched for) money changed hands at the stage of shortlisting of names to be put up before the selection panel.According to sources, every year, few state services officers are conferred the IAS and absorbed into the all India service. \"The number depends on how many IAS officers are scheduled to retire that year. If there are 10 vacancies, about six will be direct recruits while four from the state service would be conferred the IAS status,\" said an officer. From the state service, there are two categories, revenue and non-revenue. \"For those from the revenue service like deputy collectors etc, if they have put in a minimum of eight years of service and their Annual Confidential Report rates them as outstanding, they are conferred the IAS and need not appear for any interview. The bunglings and irregularities usually take place in the conferment of IAS for the non-revenue category,\" said the officer.Those seeking IAS status from the non-revenue category can belong to any department. \"They have to be recommended by the head of the department and should have an outstanding ACR. Once shortlisted, a selection committee will conduct an interview and then the candidate is conferred the IAS,\" said an official. However, there are said to be a lot of irregularities in the selection of state officers in the non-revenue category. \"Most of these are politically recommended and despite an UPSC member being part of the selection committee, since the panel is heavily dominated by state government representatives including bureaucrats from the state cadre, most of these candidates end up getting conferred as IAS. There have been instances of state officers being conferred the IAS even without very good ACRs,\" said the sources.For example, of the 20 state officers shortlisted for four IAS posts in the 2011 batch, are officers from the chief minister's office, the personal secretaries of revenue minister N Raghuveera Reddy, roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao and a relative of PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana. The conferment was stayed by the AP High Court after an aspirant who did not figure in the list, moved it.\"The entire selection process should be made transparent and put in public domain. The selection criterion as well as the background of those shortlisted should be made public,\" said Sarma.But with the non-revenue service conferment of IAS for state officers being used by politicians to push candidates of their choice, it is highly unlikely that the irregularities are weeded out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "11970278", "title": "Woman murdered over financial issue", "text": "MANDYA: A woman was allegedly murdered over a financial matter in Haravu village of Pandavapura taluk on Monday. According to police, Shantamma, 55, said to have been murdered by one of her relatives, Chamundi, who works at a government hospital in Krishna Raja Sagara. In complaint, Shatamma's daughter Annapurna said Chamundi had brought the body of her mother in a car to her house in Haravu village and dumped it and fled. The shell-shocked Annapurna informed her neighbours and the police.\"As per preliminary investigation, Chamundi reportedly took a loan from Shantamma. She went to Chamundi's house in KRS on Sunday afternoon to collect the loan of Rs 1 lakh. Chamundi is said to have dumped Shantamma's body at her daughter's house on Monday morning,\" said sub-inspector Ramesh. A case has been registered in Srirangapatna police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11969705", "title": "2-yr jail, fine for 3 under drug law", "text": "CHENNAI: Three men were sentenced to two years imprisonment under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act, 1985.Special court principal judge C Chinnappan sentenced C Tamilvel, J Murugan and M Balaram to two years imprisonment and ordered them to pay a fine of Rs 10,000 each for possession of marijuana after special public prosecutor Dhamal T Kanna argued the case against them. A fourth accused, A Selvam, died of illness while the case was in progress on November 23, 2010. Tamilvel, Murugan, Selvam and Balaram had been arrested by the T P Chatram police on February 15, 2005 after they were found in possession of 2.25 kg, 2.15 kg, 1.2 kg and 1.15 kg of marijuana respectively.R Ganesan, judge of the first additional special court also found S Selvi, guilty of carrying 10 grams of heroin. Selvi, who was arrested in September 2005, was sentenced to four months imprisonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11969838", "title": "Mobilise funds from within, Shettar tells GPs", "text": "DHARWAD: Minister for rural development and panchayat raj Jagadish Shettar has regretted over the poor track record of gram panchayats in collection of taxes and water bills.Speaking after inaugurating the state level consultative meeting on the Makkalla Grama Sabhe here on Saturday, Shettar said tax collection by the GPs was as low as 15 to 20 per cent.Similarly, none of the GPs were serious regarding the collection of water bills that could generate revenue for the local bodies, he said. The minister asked the GPs to work towards generating resources on their own instead of depending on government grants for all their activities. He also cautioned them against squandering resources for unproductive purposes.Shettar said it is possible for the GPs to mobilize resources from various sources if they planned the development activities properly and used innovative methods. A GP can spend up to Rs 40 lakh to 70 lakh per annum by taking up works under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee (MNREG) project but most of the GPs are not enthusiastic, he lamented.Shettar said his ministry had proposed to allocate the development funds to the Gram Panchayats based on the population of the respective villages instead of allocating Rs 8,00,000 uniform grants to each society. This proposal is likely to be implemented this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11969980", "title": "Let people debate the issue: Gadgil", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The chairman of Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel, Madhav Gadgil, termed the Kerala government's opposition against the WGEEP report as unfortunate and requested the state government not to panic.\"The recommendations are in the long-term interest of people staying in and around Western Ghats. The report is not anti-development. It speaks about sustainable development for the entire region,'' Gadgil told TOI. He said the report should be put in the public domain, so that there is a healthy debate on its pros and cons. of the content of the report.The WGEEP report was submitted to the union ministry for Environment and Forest (MoEF) last August. The MoEF has now asked for comments from all states bordering the Western Ghats, report, along with the comments, to be put up on the MoEF website, before it begins the process of demarcating Ecologically Sensitive Zones (ESZ) along the ghats. WGEEP has demarcated 42 taluks in Kerala as Ecologically Sensitive zones ESZ. Of the three zones, ESZ 1 comes in the highest ecologically sensitive category and bans massive private development or change of agriculture land into non-agricultural land.But public infrastructure projects can come up in ESZ 1 after procuring a green nod from MoEF Gadgil was appointed as the chairman of the Western Ghats Experts Ecology Panel by former environment minster Jairam Ramesh to prepare a comprehensive report on Western Ghats conservation project two years ago. The Pune-born Indian ecologist is a member of National Advisory Committee constituted by the prime minister's office and has published over 225 scientific research papers in the field of ecology and conservation biology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11972048", "title": "I always work in a team, not alone: Damayanti Sen", "text": "KOLKATA: What led matters to this pass? Why did two of the brightest officers of Kolkata Police have to give an explanation after a one-hour closed door meeting with chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday? The trail apparently leads back to Park Street police, who spent more time digging out the inconsistencies in the victim's statement than investigating the case. Their perceptions and doubts on the case reached the chief minister via commissioner R K Pachnanda and special commissioner Shivaji Ghosh, prompting Mamata to dismiss it as a concocted story.The detective department, under joint commissioner Damayanti Sen, however, trusted the victim and doggedly hunted for the truth. When it came out, it was a major loss of face for Mamata. And it was perceived as a difference in opinion between the commissioner and the investigating team.Damayanti Sen led the investigation while joint commissioner (HQ) Jaw0ed Shamim assisted her from time to time as a good colleague though it was not his brief. They were not spared in spite of their diligence. Sen was pulled up because the media attention had given her a larger than life image though she has always maintained a low profile and stuck to her job.At Writers' on Monday, Sen said: \"I work as a professional in Kolkata Police, not as an individual. I have been working with this organisation for a long time and it has never happened that I have worked alone. We take a collective decision every time under the commissioner of police. There is a team working with me.\" She added: \"The unfortunate thing is that investigation is getting hampered. Other things have become important because of media attention. My investigation is still on, we are yet to arrest more accused.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11970194", "title": "Patna-Kolkata Duranto train from today", "text": "PATNA: The railways will run Duranto Express between Patna and Shalimar near Kolkata on three days every week from February 21.According to an East Central Railway release, Down 22214 Shalimar Duranto Express will leave Patna at 8.40pm on February 21 (Tuesday) to reach Shalimar at 5.40am. It will run from Patna at the same time on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday every week.The Up 22213 Shalimar-Patna Duranto Express will run from Shalimar three days a week from February 22 (Wednesday), leaving Shalimar at 10.05pm to reach Patna at 6.40am. It will run on Monday, Wednesday and Friday every week. This train will have one bogie each of AC first class and AC-2 class, three bogies of AC-3, seven bogies of sleeper class and two bogies of break van. This train will have no commercial stoppage between Patna and Shalimar, the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bangalore/tumkur", "code": "11970250", "title": "All was rosy when I was in power: BSY", "text": "BANGALORE/TUMKUR: High on confidence after seeking the blessings of Lord Vishwanath in Varanasi, former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa on Monday fired a fresh salvo at chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda.\"Wherever I go, people say that if any development has happened in the state, it is only due to Yeddyurappa,\" the former CM declared.Yeddyurappa's claims come a day after Gowda made a veiled reference to his predecessor's largesse to religious establishments, saying, \"Some people gave money to mutts, but they were never devoted to the mutts. They gave money just to keep the seers in good humour. What is the use of such grants?\"The former CM said he will speak to BJP national president Nitin Gadkari on February 24 during his visit to Bangalore, and explain to him the situation in the party.Yeddyurappa was also unsparing in his attack on arch-rival HD Kumaraswamy. Responding to Kumaraswamy comparing his Varanasi trip to a crow's attempt to become a nightingale, Yeddyurappa likened the remarks to the devil quoting scriptures. \"The results of Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha bypoll will prove whether I am a crow or a nightingale,\" Yeddyurappa said.On Sunday, Kumaraswamy ridiculed Yeddyurappa's visit, saying a crow from the south of Vindhyas cannot become a nightingale just by taking a dip in the holy waters of the Ganges. \"People voted him to power to serve downtrodden. But Yeddyurappa is visiting Kashi to wash his sins by seeking God's blessings. He cannot attain purity just taking a dip in the holy waters. The Almighty will never exonerate him,\" Kumaraswamy said.Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda said he will expand his cabinet after the March 18 Udupi-Chikmagalur bypoll. He was speaking on the sidelines of the foundation stone-laying ceremony in Tumkur on Monday for construction of 1 crore lingas at Siddaganga Mutt.Gowda said some new faces will be given preference while filling up vacant slots in his ministry.Yeddyurappa loyalists Tumkur Rural MLA B Suresh Gowda and MP GS Basavaraju were not present in the event. Quick to clarify, Eshwarappa said this event was not a political programme.Besides, the former CM's followers have been sidelined in the Kotilingeshwara temple committee which will oversee the construction of 1 crore Lingas. The committee will be headed by state BJP chief KS Eshwarappa and have ministers Balachandra L Jarakiholi and SA Ramdas and Tumkur City MLA S Shivanna as vice-presidents. Former minister Aravind Limbavali is the treasurer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11968957", "title": "Court relief for former postal chief", "text": "MUMBAI: In some relief for former chief postmaster general (Maharashtra &amp; Goa), who was arrested while receiving a bribe in February 2010, the Bombay High Court recently upheld the Central Administrative Tribunal's order quashing his suspension and directing his reinstatement.The allegation against Manjit Singh Bali was that he had demanded Rs 1.5 crore for issuing an NOC no-objection certificate in respect of development of a Thane plot reserved for a post office in Thane.A division bench of Justice D K Deshmukh and Justice R Y Ganoo was hearing an appeal filed by the Centre challenging CAT's October 14, 2011 order. CAT set aside Bali's suspension on the grounds that it was not reviewed within 90 days from the effective date of suspension. The Central government's contention was that review within 90 days from the date of Bali's release from custody was sufficient compliance with the Central Civil Services Rules, 1995.The Centre's advocate Heena Shah contended that effective date of suspension was irrelevant but date of release from custody was relevant. Rejecting her contention, the judges observed that Bali was not in custody on the expiry of 90 days and therefore the date of his release is irrelevant.February 19, 2012Mumbai: In a relief for former Chief Post Master General (Maharashtra and Goa) , who was arrested while receiving a bribe in February 2010, the Bombay High Court has upheld Central Administrative Tribunal's order quashing his suspension and directing his reinstatement.The allegation against Manjit Singh Bali was that he had demanded Rs 1.5 crores for issuing a no objection certificate in respect of development of a plot reserved for a post office in Thane.A division bench of Justice D K Deshmukh and Justice R Y Ganoo on February 15, this year heard an appeal filed by the Central government challenging CAT's October 14, 2011 order. Bali was arrested by CBI on February 25, 2010. He was suspended on March 3, 2010 but effective from February 25, 2010. He was released from custody on March 12, 2010.CAT set aside Bali's suspension on the ground that it was not reviewed within 90 days from the effective date of suspension. The Central government's contention before HC was that review within 90 days from the date of release of Bali from custody was sufficient compliance with the Central Civil Services Rules 1995.Bali's advocate Sandeep Marne argued that the effective date of suspension of Bali was from the date of his arrest. According to the Rules, the suspension automatically becomes invalid if it is not reviewed and extended within 90 days from the effective day of suspension,'' said Marne.Central government's advocate Heena Shah contended that effective date of suspension was irrelevant but date of release from custody was relevant. Rejecting her contention, the judges observed that Bali was not in custody on the expiry of 90 days and therefore the date of his release is irrelevant.Marne also informed the court that CAT's order to reinstate him was implemented and Bali was appointed CPMG of West Bengal circle for a day and again suspended. Bali has challenged the second suspension before CAT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11973198", "title": "Olympus MD found hanging in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: A Japanese national and managing director of Olympus Medical Systems committed suicide inside a children's park in a luxury high-rise apartment complex in Gurgaon's Sushant Lok on Monday.Tsutomi Omori, 49, was discovered hanging from the iron railings of a boundary wall inside a children's park in DLF The Icon apartment complex in Sector 43-Sushant Lok by a gardener at around 8.30am on Monday. Police have recovered two suicide notes written in Japanese. While one of them was meant for Omori's family the other note only said \"I am sorry for bothering you\" in Japanese.According to the police, Omori worked at Olympus Medical Systems at an office on MG Road and had been living alone on the 8th floor of C block in a company flat for the last two years.Omori's colleagues described him as a strong-willed person, who was unlikely to have taken such a drastic step.While residents of The Icon -- 70 per cent of whom are foreigners -- seemed shocked to hear about the incident police officials said it appeared that Omori had committed suicide on Sunday night. They added that security guards in the complex had remained unaware of the incident until a gardener spotted Omori's body on Monday morning.\"I went into the children's park in E-Block to trim some shrubs when I noticed a body hanging from the boundary wall. I immediately informed the security control room,\" said Ram Kumar, the gardener who discovered the body.The police soon arrived along with employees of Olympus who helped to translate the suicide notes which were written in Japanese.\"We have informed the Japanese embassy about the incident. The victim's body has been sent for a postmortem,\" said Maheshwar Dyal, DCP (East).Last September another Japanese national commited suicide in Gurgaon. Kishi Takahiro, 27,was found hanging from the ceiling of his apartment in Beverly Park, which he shared with two colleagues, on September 19, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11969039", "title": "Writ to be filed in HC against new devices", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Rickshawmen's Union plans to file a writ petition in the Bombay High Court on Thursday to oppose compulsory installation of e-meters in all autos.Union leaders said they were not against e-meters if they were foolproof. \"The state transport department has not taken auto unions into confidence nor proved to us that the new meters will be tamper-proof. This is in violation of Supreme Court guidelines, which stipulate that any new meter introduced should be foolproof,\" said union leader Thampy Kurian, who will be a petitioner.He stated that the union will not accept responsibility if the e-meters are found to be tampered with after installation. \"We are suggesting in our petition that the state take a bank guarantee/deposit from meter manufacturers. If any driver is caught for meter-tampering by the RTO, the fine should be deducted from the deposit,\" said Kurian, adding that the guarantee should be of more than Rs 1 crore.He stated that at a recent meeting organized by the state-appointed committee on e-meters, which auto unions attended, the manufacturers had claimed that all e-meters post-2010 were tamperproof. \"We are made to believe that if we try to fiddle with the new meters, they will display an 'Error' message and the system will hang. But the transport department has not yet given us a demo or told us to check the new gadgets. I challenge them, I can tamper with the new devices too,\" he stated.The petitioners plan to show the judiciary how the electronic meters can be tampered with. They will also demand that the state upgrade the model of autos in Mumbai and provide comfortable seating for drivers and passengers, and then install e-meters.\"Unlike taxis, our meters are exposed to sunlight, dust and rain. How will we protect the electronic gadgets which are expensive?\" said a union activist.A Mantralaya official said the union will be given a month to put forward queries on the new meters. A transport commissioner's office official claimed that the new meters were tamper-proof. Transport commissioner V N More was unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11970648", "title": "500 books released at Bhubaneswar Book Fair so far", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: As many as 500 books have been released at the ongoing Bhubaneswar Book Fair. The books released include short stories, novels, children's books and poetry collections among others by celebrated writers as well as novices, said book fair organizing committee secretary Barendra Krushna Dhal.The numbers spell mammoth achievement for Odisha as the state used to publish only around 100 books a year till the late 80s, Dhal said.Though the number of books being published have made a quantum jump over the years in the state, the dwindling readership is hurting the literary fraternity. \"Around 3,000 different books are being published every year in Odisha these days. But much more needs to be done to increase readership,\" said Dhal.Writers feel publishing books have become far easier than finding readers today. \"With so many publishers around, it is very easy to publish a book now. But finding readers for literary work has become more challenging,\" said feminist writer Sarojini Sahoo. She observed that reading habits of people is gradually declining in spite of the fact that the literacy rate is going up.Bishnupada Sethi, a poet and administrator, said the sheer number of publications is not an encouraging development for the literary fraternity. \"A writer in Odisha still can't earn his life by writing though more and more creative people are coming forward to publish their works. Some of them may be financing publishers to bring out their books for social recognition,\" said the poet, whose 'Kuade Jibi', the Odia translation of his poetry collection 'Where Shall I go' was released recently.Sethi said more book fairs should be organized in smaller towns and villages to popularize books. There is a need for libraries at the grassroots level and in schools to develop a culture of reading, he added.The book fair, which began on February 11, will end on February 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11969772", "title": "Chennai airport staff face gate checks after smuggling bid", "text": "CHENNAI: Airport officials have decided to tighten security after sleuths of the directorate of revenue intelligence (DRI) arrested an Air India catering superintendent and a Singapore-bound passenger for trying to smuggle Rs 20 lakh in US dollars out of the country on Sunday.\"We have decided to create separate pedestrian gates with door frame metal detectors, CCTV cameras and security equipment in the heavy-traffic access gates to the operational area,\" airport director E P Hareendranathan said on Monday. \"We will make ensure that proper frisking and checking of vehicles takes place at all gates.\"The airline's security wing has been instructed to step up surveillance and control of access to aircraft and key locations in the airport.Hareendranathan said the connivance of a senior ground staff member in the attempted smuggling has raised serious security concerns. \"As a catering superintendent, Prasad, had free access to sensitive locations in the airport and to aircrafts,\" Hareendranathan said. \"We have decided to monitor even permanent staff.\"The decision to tighten security was taken after AAI officials analysed Sunday's incident. Catering superintendent Prasad had carried the cash in an envelope and accompanied a food cart delivery aboard flight AI 346 bound for Singapore . He left the stash in the magazine pouch for passenger M Shajahan.DRI officials arrested Prasad and Shajahan and seized Rs 1.97 lakh and Rs 1.26 lakh that Shajahan was carrying in a bag.In November, after DRI arrested a Jet Airways pilot for smuggling ephedrine inside the airport, airport officials imposed restrictions on movement of contract workers and prevented them from using mobile phones within the premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11970903", "title": "80 people cheated by fake agency", "text": "AJMER: More than 80 people from Makrana who dreamt of going abroad and working there were cheated. They then approached local MLA Zakir Hussein and demanded action against the culprits.According to Makrana police one Mohammad Umar approached the victims and told them about a Mumbai-based recruiting agency looking for people for a multinational company in Singapore and earn about Rs 80,000 per month. This lured the unsuspecting victims who sold almost everything to pay for their visa and airline tickets. The victims paid the money to Makbul Khan alias Jakir at the office opposite Byculla railway station, Mumbai. Jakir belongs to Sadulpura in Churu district. \"He assured us about everything and also showed us the particulars of the Singapore-based company,\" said a victim.The victims said that after paying Rs 70,000 to Rs 1 lakh they received the visa and ticket from the agency. However, on reaching Delhi airport they found out that the visa and ticket were fake. \"We are now on the road with no job in hand,\" added a victim.MLA Hussein has assured action against the culprits. \"I have asked for a high-level inquiry in the matter and also asked the police to probe,\" said the MLA. Mota Ram, SHO of Makrana police station said, \"We are working on the facts to search for the accused.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "11971488", "title": "WR engineer dies while getting off moving train", "text": "KALYAN: A 50-year-old section engineer of the Western Railway died when he tried to jump from a moving train at Kalyan station on Monday.D Lucas fell into the gap between the Konark Express and platform 5 at 4.10pm, and the railway authorities took almost 10 minutes to extricate his body. Some passengers immediately alerted the railway officials, who tried to rescue him, but by the time he was pulled onto the platform, he had died, an official said.Lucas was taken to Rukminibai Hospital in Kalyan, where he was declared dead. Hospital doctors said his chest had been crushed. The police have filed a case of accidental death.Official sources said this was the 56 th accidental death in two months in the jurisdiction of Kalyan government railway police, which covers Kalyan up to Kasara and Karjat stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11964063", "title": "Why Bipasha Basu wants a hubby like Madhavan?", "text": "While shooting in Greece, Madhavan's graceful act really impressed the female cast of the film, particularly Bipasha Basu.A major part of the film Jodi Breakers was shot in Greece where Madhavan was out on a long schedule and hence away from family. And after some days, he couldn't control his homesickness.This incident happened while they were shooting one of the scenes of the song Jab Mein Tumhare Saath Hoon starring Milind Soman and Dipanita Sharma. A unit-hand says, \"There was a scene in the song where Milind Soman buys some jewelry for Dipanita Sharma. Madhavan and Bipasha just had to watch them buying it\".However Madhavan's passiveness turned into an active decision soon after the scene was shot. \"The scene got Maddy miss his wife Sarita so much that as soon as the shot was wrapped up, he actually ended up buying an expensive jewelry piece to surprise her. This left all the female cast and crew in awe!No doubt Bipasha Basu wants a hubby like Madhavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11968874", "title": "Russian woman alleges rape", "text": "PANAJI: A 24-year-old Russian woman has alleged that she was raped by two men who gave her a lift on their bike at Calangute early Monday morning. Calangute police have registered a rape case, but the woman's medical examination report states: \"There is absence of any positive sign for recent sexual intercourse.\"The woman in her police complaint stated she was waiting near St Anthony's chapel for a taxi when at about 2.30am two persons came on a bike and offered her a lift. \"She said that at first she refused, but as there was no vehicle in sight, she agreed to go with them. She alleged that she was taken to an isolated spot and raped,\" police said.The woman said further that she somehow managed to escape and reach her flat at Gauravaddo, Calangute. She said she didn't remember the place where she was taken and raped by the accused, said police.On reaching her flat at around 4am, the woman woke the caretaker and asked him to call the police. \"A complaint was lodged at the police control room that a Russian was involved in a fight. The police got into action and traced the woman. She was taken to a primary health centre, where she alleged that she had been raped,\" said police. \"We have registered a rape case and investigations are in progress,\" said DySP Bossuet D'Silva.At the Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, where she was sent for the mandatory medical examination that is part of a rape complaint procedure, the woman refused the sonography and pregnancy test.\"After receiving her complaint, we informed the woman that we are taking her to GMC for a medical examination. But she refused saying she will get her medical examination in Russia. She refused the sonography and pregnancy test that is generally done on a victim of rape,\" said police. Post examination, the medical report states: \"There is absence of any positive sign for recent sexual intercourse.\" The report notes that there are bruises on the woman's hand.The woman's neighbours in Gauravaddo said they heard the woman and her male friend quarreling and throwing things at each other just outside their flat early Monday morning. The victim had arrived in Goa two months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11968936", "title": "Bank official sends 6 SMS fraudsters behind bars", "text": "MUMBAI: The Navghar police in Mulund (E) have arrested six persons, including a woman, who duped people across the country through jackpot schemes. They used to send smses to victims, requesting them to pay processing fees to claim the jackpot. They would tell the victims to deposit the fees in a bank account, which was then siphoned off.\"One of those arrested, Vineet Rai (33) from Bhayander, is the key person who informed associates that they have been assigned the contract of handling black money of businessmen. He told his associates to gather details of account-holders to open fake bank accounts to carry out transactions across the country,\" said a police officer.State Bank of India Mulund (E) branch manager Sanjay Deshpande got suspicious as Rs10,000-15,000 was being credited into the account of one of the accused, Sandhya Nerkar, every day. \"She resided in a slum and Rs2.53 lakh was credited in two months after opening the account. The money came from various parts of the country,'' Deshpande's February 10 complaint said.The money would then be withdrawn from ATMs in Delhi, Uttar Pradesh and BiharDeputy commissioner of police (zone VII) Sanjay Shintre instructed assistant commissioner of police (Mulund division) Mahadev Gundewadi to supervise Navghar police senior inspector Shrimant Gule, assistant inspector A S Sawant and the detection staff, who arrested Nerkar from Mulund (E) and through her Arjun Jha (30), Dilip Tiwari (33), Krishna Gaud (30), Jayesh Atta (30) and Rai.Gule said a preliminary probe found that the main accused, Shrawan Singh, is based in Delhi. \"Singh assigns the job to gang members in Mumbai to open bank accounts with fake documents to carry out transactions. The money is found deposited by the victims from Delhi, Himachal Pradesh, Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and several other states in India.''Jha was assigned the task of getting fake PAN cards from Gaud and Atta. He used to then get hold of a person to open a bank account. He came in contact with Nerkar, who was paid Rs1,000 to open a bank account with a fake address and PAN card. Jha would then collect the cheque book and ATM card from her and hand it over to Tiwari in Vasai, who then contacted Rai. He would travel to Delhi to hand over the cheque book and card to Singh,\" an officer said.He said Singh's arrest would help the police know if it was part of a Nigerian scam. The six have been remanded to custody till February 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11971542", "title": "Giant tunnel takes shape under airport and Mithi", "text": "MUMBAI: By September 2013, more than half of Mumbai's homes will enjoy better and consistent water supply minus the frequent cuts. Work on the mammoth 12.2-km long and nearly 4-km wide underground tunnel connecting the city's water distribution hub at Maroshi to Matunga was completed last week. The BMC projectwhich was contracted in 2007 promises efficient water supply to residents in the western suburbs and south-west Mumbai-will replace the old corroded water pipelines that the city currently relies on. The tunnel, however, will be o p e r at i o n a l only by September 2013 because engineers have to complete the cementing work and construct around five to six shafts linking it to other smaller water distribution networks.\"The main boring work for the tunnel is finally over. It is built at a depth of 70-80 m and runs from Maroshi near the Bhandup water treatment plant up to Ruparel College in Matunga,\" said officials of Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) and engineers from Hindustan Construction Company (HCC), which was awarded the contract. It is one of the city's longest and biggest underground water tunnels, and runs under Mahim creek, Western Railway tracks, the Mithi River near BKC, and the airport's runways right up to Maroshi. \"Two mammoth tunnel boring machines were used to construct the pipe even as hundreds of trains, flights and vehicles used the tracks, runways and roads above. During the monsoons, several areas were flooded, but the tunnel boring machines have been working silently beneath the city's grounds for last five years,\" said an HCC official.The boring machines themselves were 100m long and weighed 150 tonnes. Every day, engineers were able to bore an average of around 20m.According to BMC officials, the tunnel will be Mumbai's main water supply trunk providing water to almost the entire city, barring the far eastern and western suburbs.\"Residents from Bandra right up to Andheri on the western side, and from Mahim up to Malabar Hills via Matunga and Dadar and then up to Nariman Point in south west Mumbai will be the main beneficiaries of the project,\" said a BMC official.It will be connected to another tunnel, which is already operational between Ruparel College in Matunga and the Malabar Hill via Mahalaxmi. \"It will have five to six shafts from where a large number of distribution pipelines will carry water to several areas,\" said another BMC official.With the tunnel nearly 80 ft underground, officials are hoping to reduce loss of water through theft and leakages by nearly 10%. \"No one will be able to tamper with it and repair work will be minimal,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11975044", "title": "Daler Mehndi contributes to the environment", "text": "With our globe undergoing major climatic upheaval owing to severe environmental degradation, it has left environmentalists fuming.As they press on contributing to the society by initiating save environment drives, more and more people are jumping into the fray. And as laymen take up cudgels, our celebrities too are showing their concern to create a greener and better environment.Recently, singer Mika Singh planted 1.5 lakh trees at his newly-opened resort at Damdama lake near Delhi. However, his elder bro Daler Mehndi has been actively planting saplings since long. And to continue with the tradition Daler recently organised a drive at Sri Guru Nanak Khalsa College.Under the banner DM Green Drive, Daler carried out the drive with great zeal and enthusiasm. \"I always wanted to do something for the society,\" said Daler. The idea to create green Delhi came to his mind many years ago when he started to observe the impact of global warming on earth.At Khalsa College, Daler shared his experiences with the students and teachers. \"We all should work together to save our environment,\" said Daler. Sources say Daler makes it a point to plant a sapling before starting a show. \"I consider it as good omen,\" he said.The singer, besides plantation drive also gave a thunderous performance at college's cultural fest Surlok 2011-12. \"I will continue with such initiatives as they add to my satisfaction levels,\" he signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11969931", "title": "CPM and Cong gun for top cop", "text": "KOLKATA: The CPM and Congress on Monday stepped up the heat on the government for its \"mishandling\" of the Park Street rape case. The Mamata Banerjee government, however, gave no indication that it would buckle under pressure.The Congress and CPM slammed Mamata's \"insensitive\" remarks on the victim and demanded the resignation of police commissioner R K Pachnanda.Leader of the Opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra, who had slammed the Mamata government in Sunday's Brigade rally, stepped up the ante.\"It may be recalled that the Left Front government had removed a Police commissioner (Prasun Mukherjee) during the investigation into the Rizwanur Rehman-case. We have nothing more to add on this, but senior police officers were today summoned by the chief minister to Writers' Buildings only to be dictated terms. This was an effort to reduce the government and the police commissioner's embarrassment. This chief minister, however, keeps claiming that she doesn't favour political interference in the police and administration. It is now up to the people to see and decide,\" he said.On Sunday, former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee had launched a sharp attack on Mamata. \"An incident happened on Park Street. Without knowing anything about it, it was said that nothing has happened. One should try to know about it first,\" he had said.Reacting to Monday's development, when two senior Kolkata Police officers had to give an explanation that the CM had not interfered in the investigation, Mishra said: \"The police officers can't do much, since they are serving under this government. But, we all know the chief minister's views on the incident. She publicly rejected all the allegations and found it a conspiracy against her government and police. The police commissioner went a step further and said; people were out to malign the government. However, we still have a section of police officers and bureaucrats who are extremely efficient and working with self-respect and esteem intact, not paying heed to political influences.\"The state government came under fire from its ally, Congress, too.State Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya said: \"The city police commissioner should tender an apology for saying what he did. I was surprised by the chief minister's statement (that the rape claim was fabricated) at the very onset of the investigation. She should have at least waited for the facts to emerge after investigation.\"The South Kolkata District Congress, led by councillor Mala Ray, held a rally on Park Street, demanding an apology from the chief minister for describing the incident as \"fabricated\". They also sought the resignation of the police commissioner for making statements about the victim even before the probe was completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11974538", "title": "Where are the K-Town villains?", "text": "They ruled the roost in the 80s and 90s, but true-blue villains have become a rarity in Tamil cinema these daysThere's one on-screen character that seems to be missing in action in today's Tamil films - no, not the sultry seductive siren but the villain! Gone are the days when there were notable villains who shared screen space with the heroes.In the 80s and 90s, if Sathyaraj and Raghuvaran played the perfect villains and epitomized all that a villain should be, other notable actors who kept the 'evil' flag flying high were Nasser, Ponnambalam, Mansoor Ali Khan, Anandaraj, Babu Antony, Radha Ravi and Napolean.Who can forget Sathyaraj in Mr Bharat or Nooravadhu Naal, and Napoleon in Kizhakku Seemayile or Ejamaan? These characters are forever etched in our minds and some of these villains' famous dialogues are also part of everyday lingo now! So, where has today's villain vanished? While Bollywood actor Sonu Sood did impress in Osthe and Prakash Raj made a mark in Tamil and Hindi in Singam, there's no one actor who can claim to have filled the vacant spot.Says an industry insider, \"Today, lead heroes themselves have taken to playing shades of grey in films, so where is the need for a true-blue villain as in the 80s or 90s? Also, today's films don't always have a 'villain' role per se; they have numerous bad guys who are nowhere on par with the hero, except in some cases like Prakash Raj.\"Bollywood actor Jackie Shroff essayed a well-etched bad guy last year in Aaranya Kaandam but again, can he fill in the shoes of say, a yesteryear S A Ashokan? In fact, Ashokan's son, Vincent Ashokan, continues his legacy of playing the baddie but is yet to make an indelible mark like his dad. But there are two actors in the Tamil film industry who are definitely romancing the hero's and the villain's role - they have made a mark in both but refuse to be typecast in either.Prakash Raj, today, is the most soughtafter villain in Bollywood and has captured a market in the south and the north. Sathyaraj, who changed tracks to hero, was the surprise package in Nanban where he played the authoritarian professor. Having made a transition back to the villainous kind, he's surely grinning and asking, 'Ennama kannu sowkyama?'I'M A BAD MAN M N Nambiar M R Radha S A Asokhan Raghuvaran Nasser Prakash Raj", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11971077", "title": "Sewerage project to be completed in four months, says Mayor", "text": "INDORE: The residents of the city are likely to get respite from the dug up roads in the next four months. Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe on Monday informed that the sewerage project is nearing completion with 133 km sewer line being laid against the proposed 151 km.The mayor informed that the sewerage line is expected to be connected with the main line by November. The delay in completion of the work has led to cost escalation as the cost has gone up from Rs 450 crore to 650 crore.The Indore Municipal Corporation ( IMC) is laying the line under JNNURM. The project was started by former mayor Uma Shashi Sharma and was expected to be completed by June 2011. It however, got delayed due to lack of funds.The sewerage line in the city was laid in 1932 by the British government and currently a major part of the city does not have sewerage line. This is for the first time after independence that the municipal body has taken up the sewerage work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "11970627", "title": "Parents ostracized in Balangir village for girl's marriage", "text": "BALANGIR: A couple was ostracized from a Balangir village and the man asked to tonsure after their daughter married in a different caste. This despite neither the girl's nor the boy's family had any objection to the marriage and they were married at the Sadar police station.The couple from Sundhi caste had also to give Rs 1,000 to the head priest and a goat to the villagers for a feast. The helpless couple of Kutenpali village, 12 km from here, are now living in a temporary shelter here. The youngest daughter of the couple, Balagdar Mahakud and Binodini Mahakud, had eloped with a boy from Dumbal caste. After Balagdar lodged a complaint, Sadar police brought them to the police station. Their marriage was solemnized at the police station with the consent of both families on January 18.But three days later, villagers led by the headman and head priest opposed the marriage and asked Mahakud to undergo purifying rituals. He was asked to pay Rs 1000 by the head priest and throw a feast for the villagers. \"I paid whatever I was asked to pay for the stable marriage of my daughter. The villagers were still not happy. I was pressurized to leave the village,\" Balagdar said. The wrath of the villagers did not end there, they asked Balagdar to tonsure. \"I had no option. I left the village and also tonsured,\" said Balagdar, who now has no means of livelihood.IIC of Sadar police station Deepak Jena said he has sent a police officer to interrogate the girl's parents. \"If their interrogation reveals that they were ostracised, we will look into the case,\" the IIC said. He further said that if the parents give a written complaint, police will take action and if they complain verbally, police will call both the parties and settle the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11969712", "title": "Approver turns hostile in 2nd Kanchi seer case", "text": "CHENNAI: Trial in the Radhakrishnan assault case, in which Kanchi Sankaracharya Jayendra Saraswathi is the prime accused, started on Monday with approver P Ravi Subramanian saying he had nothing do with the case and was forced to give a false confession.The case relates to the assault on S Radhakrishnan, a former associate of the Kanchi mutt, on September 20, 2002 in Chennai. Radhakrishnan alleged he was attacked at the \"behest of the acharya\" as he had planned to disclose certain dealings of the mutt.Subramanian filed a petition at the start of the trial, saying he was first made an approver in the Sankararaman murder case, another case pending against the Kanchi seer, after he was \"intimidated and tortured at gunpoint\" into giving a false confession. Subramanian said he was later named an approver in the assault case against the Sankaracharya as well. An approver is an accomplice to an offence who later confesses his guilt and gives evidence against the other accused.Saying that he has been in jail for more than seven years though he was not connected with both the cases, Subramanian sought to be examined as the first witness in the trial or be released on bail. Subramanian, who was a building contractor for the Kanchi mutt, said there was nobody to look after his 84-year-old ailing mother \"who is living as destitute\". He said he is in jail for no fault of his while the other accused in the case are on bail.But special public prosecutor N Vijayaraj opposed his petition, saying since Subramanian is an approver in the case, he should be detained in custody till the end of the trial. \"Due procedure was followed while obtaining his confession statement after his arrest in 2004. He was granted pardon by the chief judicial magistrate, Chengalpet. He turned an approver after that. Considering the fact that this petition comes seven years after he was arrested, on the day the trial is supposed to begin, it is clear that this is only an attempt to scuttle the proceedings,\" N Vijayaraj argued.After hearing his arguments, first additional sessions judge S Kalavathi dismissed Subramanian's petition and commenced the trial.Radhakrishnan, who was examined as a witness, said he was watching television along with his wife Jayashree and their attendant Krishnan, who was hired to look after Radhakrishnan's aged father, at their house in Mandaiveli when the incident occurred.On hearing the doorbell, Krishnan opened the door to find two men standing outside. When they were ushered in, one of them pulled out a knife from under his shirt and tried to stab Radhakrishnan. While he thwarted the attack with his hand, the second man tried to stab Jayashree, who was severely injured in the hand.Krishnan, who tried to pull one of the men back, was stabbed on his head. As he fell unconscious, the men escaped through the front gate.Radhakrishnan identified the assailants as being among the accused present in the court hall on Monday. The case has been adjourned to March 9 for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11971498", "title": "Other than exam stress, students battle respiratory woes too", "text": "MUMBAI: Anvesha Singh has been suffering from dry cough for the past three days. The 17-year-old, though, is scared that cough medicines will make her drowsy and affect her performance in the HSC exams, which start on Tuesday.\"I have been preparing for my exams consistently. Although all my topics have been covered, I got cough and cold and a little temperature at the last minute, which has been hampering my revision,\" said the south Mumbai resident.Anvesha is one among several students who have been laid low because of the weather. Physicians and paediatricians blame the sudden change in climate along with an \"exceptional difference\" in dayand night-time temperature for upper and lower respiratory problems. And the ones who are petrified by the health consequences the most are students.With an almost 17-degree difference between the maximum and minimum temperature, the days has been abnormally hot and the nights pleasant in the city since the past two days. It is this fluctuation that the body is not able to cope with. \"There is a 30% increase in the number of patients suffering from cough and cold, and about 40% of the patients are students,\" said Dr Shahid Barmare, consultant physician with Kohinoor Hospital at Kurla. Symptoms, he said, include infection of throat and respiratory tract, body ache, fever, weakness and lethargy.Dr A K Deshpande, professor of medicine department at J J Hospital, said at the time of exams, students also end up having psychogenic cough. \"The body is not used to extreme fluctuations in temperature, so it cannot adjust to these sudden changes,\" she said and added that it is important for students and their parents to avoid self-medication-especially antihistamine (anti-allergic ) over-thecounter drugs. \"These cause drowsiness. Steam inhalation and warm-water gargling are better.\"Dr Deepak Ugra, president of the Indian Academy of Paediatrics, said sudden weather changes cause a two-fold change in the body. \"Because there is extreme heat during the day and cooling at night, viruses thrive. And to top it, the respiratory system cannot cope with the viral and allergic attacks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11970948", "title": "IIM-A's 'BSE-GREENEX' index to reveal carbon emission by companies", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The carbon footprints' index that IIM-A has prepared for BSE-listed companies will be called 'BSE-GREENEX' and has a punch-line saying 'Invest in Green India'. The index, which is meant to reveal the amount of carbon emission by the companies, will be launched by BSE on February 22 at BSE's convention hall in Mumbai.The idea of introducing the index is to enable investors to mitigate their financial risks connected to future climate change. IIM-A prepared the index for BSE-listed companies by analyzing their annual reports from the last four years. BSE will also launch a guideline for investors which will help them understand the relationship between the amount of carbon footprints that a company releases and the respective short-term and long-term impact on its investment and returns.The index and the guidelines will be launched by minister of corporate affairs, Veerappa Moily in the presence of managing director and chief executive officer of BSE, Madhu Kannan.\"The guideline will reveal that there is room for control over the carbon emission of the companies,\" said IIM-A faculty Amit Garg, who is closely involved in the development of the index.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11969518", "title": "I have highest regard for EC, says Beni", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union steel minister Beni Prasad Verma on Monday denied violating the model code of conduct saying he had the \"highest regard\" for the Election Commission and had spoken on minority quotas as they were part of the Congress manifesto.After having said he did not quite remember what he had said and that his remarks about pressing for a sub-quota even if he were to get a notice from the EC, Beni struck a conciliatory note much like law minister Salman Khurshid did.The EC on Saturday had asked him to explain why action should not be taken against him. Verma is the second minister after Khurshid to come under EC scanner for violating the code of conduct for promising minority quotas, provoking BJP to complain that votes were being sought by appealing to religion.In his written reply, Verma said he had spoken about minority quota at the Kayamganj rally as a Congress leader and not as a Union minister. While expressing \"highest regard\" for the commission, he said his remarks were part of the Congress manifesto and vision document, said a source. Also, his quota promise was in tune with the \"socialist spirit\" of the Constitution. The reply was filed by his lawyer Abhimanyu Bhandari.Verma said he had not received the EC notice. He requested the poll body for a copy of the notice and sought a personal hearing. The EC is likely to discuss the reply at a full panel meeting on Tuesday.Assembly elections 2012 newsUP elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11968857", "title": "Sports car companies stress on responsible driving", "text": "NEW DELHI: While a fatal accident involving a Lamborghini has brought the spotlight back on sports cars and the need to drive them responsibly, companies selling them say they always conduct orientation programmes for customers on the \"right way\" to drive them.Exclusive Motors, the importer for Lamborghini, Bentley and Bugatti, as well as German majors like BMW and Mercedes, say safety and the need for responsible driving is conveyed to customers from the very beginning, considering the sophistication of the cars and their ability to hit high speeds within seconds. \"Orientation (on the product) is always there and we also conduct regular programmes for customers,\" Satya Bagla, managing director of Exclusive Motors, told TOI.Mercedes Benz India has started a special programme wherein it trains people on how to drive such sophisticated cars responsibly. \"Our performance driving academy at the Formula 1 Buddh circuit is an orientation and training programme that we conduct every quarter for our AMG range of cars. For this, German trainers come from Stuttgart and we charge Rs 75,000 as course fee. On completion of the programme, we also give certificates to participants,\" Mitra said.BMW plans to start a similar exercise for its customers in India, though this would not be a paid exercise. The company already conducts driver-training programmes for its M cars (motorsport-version vehicles) as well as other sports vehicles.Sales of sports cars, though still limited in numbers (estimated to be around 100 cars annually), is slowly picking up as more and more companies enter the market. Already companies like Porsche , Aston Martin, Maserati and Ferrari are present in India and are now strengthening their retail presence.Amy Arora, brand manager at Exclusive Motors, said customers are regularly updated on various safety campaigns and driver programmes. \"We conduct special drives for them and also promote responsible driving. Also, at the time of sale, we explain the various features of the car to them, including those related to safety.\"Speed and its inherent danger is not only limited to sports cars but also pose a big problem with superbikes, many of whom have now entered India. Bike companies also conduct training programmes for riders, alerting them on responsible driving.While companies say that the 'biking culture' is picking up in India, most of them are quick to point out that the thrill needs to be accompanied with an equal level of restraint and responsibility to avoid mishaps, many of which have proved fatal. Companies like Yamaha, Suzuki , Honda , Ducati and Harley Davidson are already selling their top-of-the-line super bikes in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11970099", "title": "Summit to help refresh governance", "text": "PATNA: The three-day 'Global Summit on Changing Bihar', which concluded on Sunday, is likely to give fillip to the process of ideation for taking forward the Bihar's development strategy and making course corrections.The conference, attended by over 1,500-odd delegates, including participants from 25 countries, was inaugurated by Nepal PM Baburam Bhattarai. It covered a wide variety of subjects with the participants discussing issues of economic and social growth, finance, education, health, tourism, women, media, film and, above all, governance.\"It was gratifying that almost all the panellists and participants were unanimous in recognizing the decisive positive change that has improved expectations about the future of Bihar,\" said former bureaucrat and ex-state Planning Board vice-chairman N K Singh.Singh, the JD-U MP who is credited with bringing several India Inc honchos besides Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia to the summit, said, \"Everyone recognized Bihar is no longer a hostage to the past and that governance has improved decisively. But governance cannot be static and there is a constant challenge to refresh it by injecting new concepts, ideas and approaches into it,\" he said.Summits are about introspection over success achieved and challenges ahead. \"The interaction at this event between academics and policymakers is a pointer to the fact that the national intelligentsia is proactively driven for the development of Bihar,\" said Shaibal Gupta, member-secretary of Asian Development Research Institute, one of the organizers of the summit.During the last six years in Bihar, he said, knowledge has been an important input for policy strategies.Partnership through networking was one of the objectives of the summit, said Alakh Narayan Sharma, chairman of Delhi-based Institute of Human Development, which was co-organizer of the event. This has to be a continuous affair to ensure exchange of ideas, he said and added the same was the motive behind the conference in 2007.Gupta said, \"The conference was unique in that it was organized for the government with the support of some outside organizations which also indicated the government's flexibility and dynamism.\"Singh, who moderated an exclusive session on \"Strategies for mainstreaming less-developed regions in the inclusive growth (with special reference to Bihar)\" with RBI governor D Subbarao and Ahluwalia, said everyone recognized there were serious challenges ahead. \"Reversing discriminatory treatment in the financial devolution to the state is one such challenge,\" he said.The participants also felt the suggestions sought at the summit were all actionable and could represent the path forward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11970581", "title": "A ritual art form faces extinction", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The tradition of drawing intricate patterns with coloured powders at the entrance of homes and temples 'Kalamezhuthu' will soon fade away, thanks shortage of artists.Though there is an increasing interest in the art which is a blend of Aryan, Dravidian and tribal traditions, the actual number of persons engaged in this vocation has come down over the years. The younger generations from the family of artists are not keen in the art as it is time-consuming. They also fear that the vocation has no takers in the marriage market.\"Two decades ago there were at least six artists involved in drawing a single design but not anymore,\" says T M Shajan from Thrissur. Shajan along with his eight-member team has come to participate in the demonstration and exhibition of Kalamezhuthu that started at the Kandamkulam Jubilee hall on Mondayas part of the seven-day folklore festival. Absence of full-time artists engaged in Kalamezhuthu has paved the way for the part-timers. \"The remuneration for an artist doing a Kalam for a day is Rs 1,500. Even with a good pay, very few people are coming to the field,\" said K V Jayakrishnan (36), a businessman in Balussery who draws Kalams as a part-time job.K V Jayaprasad (25), one of the members from Palakkad Kalamezhuthu team, who works in a private firm in Ernakulam, said it was his passion for his family vocation that led him to accompany his father Panayur Vasudevan.The amazing part of this art form is that the various communities engaged in Kalamezhuthu still follow the age-old rituals. \"For us it is not just a job but a divine ritual to worship and propitiate gods. A single mistake from our part would invite the wrath of god and result in loses for us or for those who hired us to do the ritual. We still adhere to rituals such as fasting before work. We use only natural colours to draw the designs,'' said Panayur Vasudevan, who lead the team from Palakkad.The coloured powers are prepared using natural ingredients such as rice flour (white), charcoal powder (black), turmeric powder (yellow), powdered green leaves (green) and mixture of turmeric powder and lime (red).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11975413", "title": "Raageshwari on a song", "text": "One of the most ancient Tibetan chants 'Om Mani Padme Hum' which has been followed by monks world over in monasteries has been sung by actress-singer Raageshwari in her latest album.This particular chant came into great prominence as the Dalai Lama follows it.About the chantRaageshwari explains, \"It's a chant to garner love, peace, prosperity and a feeling of kindness, like most soulful chants do.\" The interesting part of this is that the chant is not monotonous which is sometimes needed for meditation; rather, this rendition is like a magical path full of surprises as the rendition keeps changing. She says, \"It's the ideal chant for mornings when you would like a feeling to transcend and experience new opportunities.\"How did it happen?\"It was the divine matrix. I had just finished shooting for the Tibetan rites and the team was keen that also being a singer, I hum Om Mani Padme Hum in the background score. When we were recording the track which took just a couple of hours, we realised the huge magnetic pull and the high energy orb it was bestowing on us. Everyone loved it so much that we decided we must release just the audio track on CD for our listeners, especially knowing the chant's great history,\" she says.It's specialThis is the chant that Raageshwari listens to every morning and it is also there in her car. Raageshwari says, \"When you make a CD like this, you enter a doorway of sharing. It is not about just personal growth but sharing the wealth with people. It is about recording the essence of the chant for the love of everyone around.\"About her experienceThe soulful singer says, \"It is quite extraordinary to think we record these pieces of work in frigid, closed studio rooms but when I was recording this, I remember requesting for the lights to be dimmed completely. It gave me a feeling of cosmic travel as I chanted Om Mani Padme Hum. The world seemed happier, more joyful, smiling without fear and people seemed more hopeful. When I experience happiness, a huge part of me instantly wants everyone in the world to be rejoicing, too. Today I feel one of my greatest joys is to know that some contribution of mine makes someone somewhere feel enriched. This chant is for you, your heart and soul.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11970900", "title": "Auto driver found dead in rickshaw", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 37-year-old autorickshaw driver was found dead in his vehicle parked near Income Tax (I-T) circle on Monday morning by city traffic police officials. Investigators believe heart attack to be cause of his death and have sent his body for postmortem at VS Hospital. Navrangpura police officials said when Prabhudas Prajapati, a head constable with city traffic police, reached I-T crossroads at 8 am he found an autorickshaw parked near LIC office at Gandhi Bridge. As the auto was parked right on the road, Prajapati went towards it to get it out of the way.He found the driver sleeping in the back seat. When he tried to wake him up, he did not move. Realizing that he would not wake up, he called up EMRI 108. The paramedics checked his vital status and declared him dead.From the documents found on him, he was identified as Beer Tanti Giri, 37, a resident of Harischandranagar, Vastral. He had started off from his residence at 10 pm on Sunday,\" said a Navrangpura police official.From the documents found on him, he was identified as Beer Tanti Giri, 37, a resident of Harischandranagar, Vastral. Police registered a case of accidental death and informed Giri's relatives about the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11969809", "title": "Tribal women not raped, TN govt tells HC", "text": "CHENNAI: More than two months after announcing a compensation of Rs 5 lakh each to four tribal women allegedly raped by policemen in Villupuram district, the government on Monday told Madras high court it was not a case of rape.The jurisdictional judicial magistrate who had begun an inquiry into the issue on November 26, 2011, is yet to submit her finding. Without her report, the police are unlikely to file the chargesheet.The women lodged a complaint on November 26, 2011, stating that a group of Tirukovilur police officers took them into custody and raped them on November 22, 2011. When the issue became a controversy, the state government announced Rs 5 lakh relief to each woman on December 2, 2011. The amount was put in fixed deposits in the names of the women on December 4, 2011. But now the government says a case of rape has not been made out.When a PIL filed by advocate P Pugalenthi seeking transfer of case to CBI, besides criminal proceedings against those concerned, came up for hearing before the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam on Monday, the state home secretary and the director-general of police filed identical but separate counter-affidavits.The officer investigating the rape allegation concluded that there were discrepancies in the statements of the women. \"Medical evidence did not indicate injury, either in the genital area or in any other part of the body, that could indicate rape or struggle or resistance,\" DGP K Ramanujam said, quoting the investigation report.On the claim that the medical examination was conducted four days after the incident, the DGP said senior doctors were on record stating that it would take eight to 10 days for complete healing of hymenal rupture.R Rajagopal, principal secretary, home department, in his counter-affidavit said there was \"no medico-legal evidence\" to suggest a sexual assault. He said the sum of Rs 5 lakh each was given to the women on humanitarian grounds.Both the officials agreed that the women and children, who were not wanted in any case, should not have been taken into custody. It was an unwarranted act, and the government will not shield the guilty, they said.M Radhakrishnan, counsel for petitioner, decried the government's stance as shameful and said Rs 5 lakh was the price fixed for the women's dignity. The bench asked the petitioner to file a reply in three weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11970531", "title": "Govt will respond to proposed RPF Bill soon: CM", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Monday said the Odisha government would soon clarify its stand on the proposed Railway Protection Force (Amendment) Bill, which aims at giving policing powers for the first time to a paramilitary unit.\"The matter has come to my notice. We will examine it and give our clarification on it soon,\" Naveen said, replying to a query on whether the state government saw the move to withdraw Government Railway Police (GRP) from railway premises and empower RPF as the sole body to handle passenger security, including crimes such as theft and drugging in trains and railway stations, as an encroachment on the federal rights of the state.Official sources said the state government was yet to formally receive any communication from the Centre on the proposed legislation. \"From what we gather, there is a move to dispense with GRP. We will certainly study the issue and come up with an appropriate response,\" a senior home department officer said.Speculation is rife that the ruling BJD might fuel the ongoing federal rights row, sparked by the Union government not consulting states while constituting the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC), by objecting to the RPF (Amendment) Bill, which got the Union cabinet's consent in November. State police officers are against the Bill on grounds that policing and law and order are core state subjects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11971013", "title": "The rise of Amdavadi culturati", "text": "When N Rajam plays, Hindustani notes emerge from her violin as monarchical edicts. Rajam was among the Indian classical music notables who performed at the 2012 edition of the Saptak Music Festival - and Amdavadi rasikas happily surrendered to her writ. Just as significant, however, was Rajam's proclamation that her reign was possible only because of the enlightened support of the Amdavadi audience. \"Saptak has trained people to be rasikas,\" she told TOI.Saptak's globally acclaimed legacy dates back to 32 seasons. Aficionados remember an earlier landmark. About 70 years ago, Gita Sarabhai - Dr Vikram Sarabhai's younger sister - introduced pakhawaj legend Govindrao Burhanpurkar to Ahmedabad. That was among the many cultural benedictions that Gita Sarabhai had offered to the city. She was highpoint of the age when performers needed the patronage to become musical divinities. Gita Sarabhai was not only a munificent patron, but also an accomplished musician herself who mastered the pakhawaj - she was among the very few women , if not the only one, to do so.Indeed, this age is thought of as the era of fusion and cross-cultural collaborations. But Gita Sarabhai, who died in March 2011 at 89, was a pioneer who put Ahmedabad ahead of the trending curve. She is the one who taught John Cage - 20th century American avant-garde savant - to tune into Indian music's devotion freight.The rewarding alliance between the icon and the enthusiast continues to this day in Ahmedabad. Shubha Mudgal has said of Amdavadi culturati: \"It isn't everywhere that one finds an audience that spends two weeks listening to music well into the late hours of the night, and is still willing to listen to more. It is the late Shri Nandan Mehta's commitment to creating such an audience that leads to artistes like me receiving such a warm welcome in Ahmedabad.\"Finally, it would be well worth remembering Bapu's words about Pandit Omkarnath Thakur - a vocalist who belongs to the original Hindustani pantheon. \"Pandit Omkarnathji can achieve through a single song what I cannot achieve through several speeches.\" Pandit Thakur was Rajam's guru. The figure so reverentially hailed by Bapu was born in the Bhadran district of Khambhat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11971483", "title": "A strong ATM breaks the hearts of thieves", "text": "CHENNAI: Three men who attempted to break open an ATM guarded by a 67-year-old man at Nolambur on Monday went away empty-handed, police said. The incident occurred at 2.17am.The three men, wearing helmets, allegedly assaulted and told the old guard to stay away. \"But the robbers failed to open the cash chest and went off without the booty. A couple of days ago, the ATM was filled with Rs 13 lakh. There was only Rs 83,000 when the trio made the attempt,\" a senior police officer said.The security guard, Delli Babu of Mogappair, told police he found two of the three going inside and trying to open the machine. He said he rushed in and asked them to remove their helmets but that the two threatened him with dire consequences and chased him away. He then ran and hid on the premises of the nearby SBOA school, the guard told police.He said he was unable to alert anybody as the shops had already downed shutters, police said. \"Delli Babu told us one of the culprits switched off power after pretending to withdraw cash. And that after the effort to break the ATM failed, all three fled the scene,\" said a police officer.However, police officials ruled out the guard's theory. Delli Babu was away when the incident took place and he was trying to cover up, a police officer said after reviewing the footage from the CCTV camera in the ATM.The officer said, \"The CCTV camera showed the security guard going out of the ATM at 1.30am. The robbers entered at 2.17am when the guard was not there. He may have gone to some place to sleep.\"The incident came to light on Monday morning when a customer went to the ATM and saw it had been tampered with. Police soon rushed to the scene and began investigations. Delli Babu too had alerted officers at the Nolambur police station. The police have registered a case and started investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11971443", "title": "Efforts on to locate cub of dead tigress", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Intense search operations have been launched in the jungle around Lohara Forest Research Centre to locate the cub of the tigress that died in the accident. Forest officers are now concerned about the well being of the cub that is alone. The tiger cub, aged around 15 months, was last located sitting in vile of dense shrub mere 50 metre from the carcass of the tigress.\"Earlier it was thought that it could be a mate of tigress, but later it came to fore that it was a cub, that was trying to get close to its mother. The cub remained for few hours in the shrubs waiting for mob to be cleared, but after it sensed that people are not going to leave the place, it went into in the jungle. Dozens of people saw the cub sitting there,\" said a forest officer present at the spot.Three camera traps were laid and bait tethered, but the cub neither came close to the bait nor was captured in the camera trap. Its pug marks were found in a nearby nullah. Forest officers are even afraid that the cub could be injured in the accident.APCCF Anmol Kumar visited the spot and directed the forest officials to locate the cub and monitor its movement. Officials said, \"The cub appears sturdy and can survive in the wild. We are trying to locate it but have no plans to capture it. Baits would be kept in the area of its location and its movements will be monitored continuously.\"What caused the haemorrhage?The autopsy confirmed that the tigress died due to internal haemorrhage in the skull. But speculations are rife over the reason that caused the haemorrhage. Forest department has maintained that tigress was hit by some vehicle while it was crossing the Chandrapur-Mul road. The injury in the hind leg was caused in the accident, probably by sharp bumper of the vehicle or by some protruding metal on the road. The injured tigress later walked over few hundred meters into the jungle of research centre and died. They claim that recovery of tar and sharp pellet of road metal substantiate their theory.But wildlife activities have raised question over the theory. They asked why there is no visible injury or fracture on head or upper body? The big gash on the paw of hind leg is most unlikely place to sustain injury, when the rest of the body had no cut or scratch sustained from hit of the vehicle. As far as tar and road metal found in skin is concerned, they could get stuck even when tigress sleeps on the road, they argue.They suspect low voltage electrocution may have caused the haemorrhage in the skull leading to dripping of blood through nose after death. But forest officials and veterinary doctor, who performed the autopsy, completely ruled it out saying that the big cut injury near the paw had no burn mark. However, samples of skin from the injured part have been forwarded to forensic lab for examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11970924", "title": "Medical college principal loses legs in freak mishap", "text": "JAIPUR: Life played a cruel joke on 59-year-old Dr Kailash Chandra Nayak, acting principal of Sardar Patel Medical College. Just a week before his retirement, Nayak lost his legs in a freak accident on Monday morning.On an official trip from Bikaner to Jaipur, Nayak had to get down at the Durgapura station. However, he realized that he had reached the station just a minute after the train started pulling out from the platform. He tried to jump off the train, and in the bid, got stuck in the gap between the footboard and the platform. As a result, his bones below the knees were crushed by the moving train.Nayak's legs were later amputated by doctors at the SMS Hospital.Nayak, head of department, medicine at the college boarded the Hanumangarh-Kota train, which goes via Jaipur, on Sunday evening. He was due for retirement on February 29.The incident occurred at 5.45 am. \"Nayak had probably missed the stoppage time of the train, and later when he was told by fellow passengers that the train has reached Durgapura, he hurriedly tried to get off the train. While doing so, his legs got stuck in the gap between the stairs and the platform,\" said Kishan Lal, GRP officer on duty when the accident occurred.Nayak was soon rushed to the SMS Hospital. \"He is currently admitted to the surgical ICU of the hospital,\" said Dr L C Sharma, superintendent, SMS Medical College.\"It is big tragedy for the family as they lost their son nearly a year-and-a-half ago,\" said Dr Veer Bahadur Singh, Nayak's colleague at the medical college.His wife and daughter who stay in Mumbai have been informed about the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11969513", "title": "Activists demand action against Arya orphanage", "text": "NEW DELHI: Child rights activists in the city got together on Monday to demand that action be initiated against Arya Anathalaya management. Twenty-three NGOs and six networks of child rights NGOs plan to submit a memorandum for the same to the President of India, the prime minister, the union minister for women and child development and the Delhi chief minister on Tuesday. The NGOs also want a CBI inquiry into the matter.At a press conference held here, the NGOs said it was deplorable how the victimized kids had been sent back to very place where they had faced abuse.\"Children report abuse with a hope that action will be taken. When that does not happen, it breaks their faith in the system completely. In the Arya Anathayala case, children who reported abuse were sent back to the orphanage after their statements were recorded. The alleged accused in the case continued to remain inside, only to further intimidate them. Irrespective of whether an alleged offence is proved or not in a court of law, reporting of abuse calls for immediate protection of children,\" read the statement which is part of the memorandum to be submitted. The NGOs will also submit the document before the Delhi high court on Wednesday when the case comes up for hearing.Representing the Bandhua Mukti Morcha, Swami Agnivesh took on the Arya orphanage management demanding criminal proceedings and an inquiry into the working of the institution.\"It is shocking that the orphanage chairman Viresh Pratap Chaudhary is calling these horrifying revelations a political conspiracy against his institution,\" said Swami Agnivesh, adding that the management is equally responsible for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11969606", "title": "Bengal to Bangla, the Ekushey bloodline", "text": "KOLKATA: Abul Barkat and Shafiur Rahman are household names in Bangladesh, idols in the pantheon of language martyrs whose deaths in 1952 turned the Bhasha Andolan into a furious, unstoppable mass movement. The two men, both natives of West Bengal, also remain enduring symbols of the kinship between the two Bengals that can make ordinary men do extraordinary deeds.Like they did on February 21 and 22, 1952. People who knew Barkat, as a studious 18-year-old son of a wealthy farmer in a remote village called Babla in Murshidabad's Baharatpur 1 block, wouldn't have foreseen his metamorphosis into a firebrand activist in the Dhaka University hostels. Neither would the family and acquaintances of Rahman - the family insists his name was Shafiqur, though reports and books on the movement refer to him as Shafiur - the son of an affluent municipal councillor, who had his house in Konnagar on a lavish spread of greens nestled between the Hooghly and the Grand Trunk Road.Going by accounts of his family members, Rahman appeared poised to take up a government job and help father Mahabur run a free school for children in a part of the house. But all that changed with Partition. Like thousands of families on either side of the border torn between the call of the new motherland and the pull of home, the young Rahman, too, had to make a choice. He crossed over.The choice was relatively easier for Barkat. After studying at Talibpur school and Krishnanath College in Behrampore, a \"well-placed uncle\" in Dhaka took him under his wings. Barkat got admitted to Dhaka University and graduated in political science. The bhasha movement gained momentum through his academic years, with the university campus serving as its epicentre. Villagers claim he went to Dhaka in 1950, but reports on the bhasha movement indicate his year of arrival as 1948 (since the family didn't keep records, and there are no official documents either, the timeline remains consistently hazy.)On February 21, 1952, Barkat found himself at the forefront of a rally defying prohibitory orders, a fact chronicled by Salar Jang Kamal, a resident of Geetgram in Murshidabad's Bharatpur II block, who had also migrated to East Pakistan but returned to Bengal later. Kamal died around a year ago. \"Father told me was at the scene when the shots were fired at protesters. He was at another end of the road and became aware of the situation only after a tear bomb landed close to him,\" says Kamal's son Jehangir. Barkat and some fellow students and activists were among the first to be hit. Their death proved to be the trigger for a national outpouring of anger that eventually saw Bangla being recognized as the official language of East Pakistan.His mother was invited by the Bangladesh government every year to attend Bhasha Divas prayers at the memorial to the language martyrs in Dhaka university, says Mir Shahnawaz, her neighbour in Babla, who himself attended the prayers on several occasions, the last time being in 2001.Rahman was shot on February 22, a day after Barkat died, according to experts on the subject, accounts of the movement in the Bangladeshi media and excerpts from an interview in the book, \"Bhasha Andolan Itihas O Tatparya\" by Abdul Motin and Ahmad Rafique. He was hit by a bullet at a rally mourning the Ekushey deaths on Nawabpur Road. The book, quoting an interview with Rahman's brother Tayyabur, a version that it claims is backed by Rahman's other brother Motiur, says Rahman was shot near Moronchand's shop while he was on a bicycle and collapsed in front of Khoshmahal restaurant. He died later in the day and was buried at Azimpur graveyard, the same site where Barkat was laid to rest.It's been 60 years, but even today, songs like \"Amar bhaier rokte rangano ekushey february\" and \"Sob kota janala khule dao na\", written as tributes to the bhasha shaheed, evoke the same emotions and fervour on either side of Bengal. In Babla, Shahnawaz and some others have been organizing a function at Barkat's home every February 21 since 1996. Besides educatingthe younger generation on the legend of Barkat, it has also brought a whiff of the 21st century to an arid area that seems to have been condemned to the leeward side of progress. Babla, home to around 400 families, many of them below poverty line, now has a primary school named after Barkat, wide roads and, most importantly, the attention of politicians. So, though Barkat's martyrdom isn't a romanticized legend here - any villager can rattle off his story with matter-of-fact precision and not bat an eyelid - it's easy to understand why he will always be their hero.In stark contrast, though, the more urban and upscale Konnagar hasn't preserved memories of its hero. \"We dedicated a room at Nazrul Mancha to Shafiur Rahman before the 2010 civic polls,\" says former higher education minister Sudarshan Roy Chowdhury. Unfortunately, that, the remains of the once sprawling Rahman household, and the fast fading memories of some old citizens are all that's left of the Ekushey martyr in his original home.(With inputs from Falguni Banerjee)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11970597", "title": "Barb on 'holy hair' kicks up a political row", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Kanthapuram A P Aboobacker Musaliar, the leader of the AP Sunni faction which has been known for its left leanings till recently, has criticized the CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan's remarks that referred to the 'holy hair' of Prophet Mohammed.Pinarayi had said at a public function at Onchiyam near Vadakara on Sunday that 'though all of us know that everyone's hair would burn if set on fire, one section claims that hair will not catch fire while the other says it will'. He was referring to the controversy among Muslims and the AP faction's plan to build a mosque and museum in Kozhikode to showcase the 'relic'.Taking strong exception to the CPM leader's remarks, Kanthapuram said that Pinarayi had no right to comment on the 'Thirukesham' ( holy hair) issue.\"People belonging to other religions and non-believers have no right to comment on matters pertaining to Islam. This is a matter of religion and faith and politicians need not comment on this issue. It is up to the Muslim religious scholars to decide whether the belief that Prophet's hair will not catch fire is a genuine belief or a superstition. Interference by politicians in religious affairs will lead to spread of communalism,\" he said. He also warned that the organization will not remain a mute spectator to attempts by politicians to meddle in religion and reiterated that the 'holy hair' of Prophet Mohammed will not get burnt if set on fire.Kanthapuram claims to be in possession of the 'holy hair' of Prophet and had recently laid the foundation stone for the Rs 40-crore mosque and museum project. The project had run into a controversy when the rival E K Sunni faction questioned the authenticity of the 'holy hair' in the possession of Kanthapuram.They had challenged the AP Sunni group to prove the genuineness of the 'holy hair' by putting it to a fire test. Kanthapuram had countered the challenge by stating that it is not proper to subject the 'holy hair' to such tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11969100", "title": "'Keep SMS lingo away from answer sheets'", "text": "MUMBAI: Exam fever is running high with the Higher Secondary Certificate (HSC) examinations beginning on Tuesday. While students are busy preparing for their papers, lecturers and exam moderators are busy sharing last-minute advice with their students. While \"Don't Panic\" seems to be the most common advice, another common feature students are being advised against is the use of SMS lingo during examinations.\"We still get some answer sheets with these errors. Whenever we come across such mistakes in papers during moderation, we keep briefing our own college students on the same,\" said Kamakshi Mohan, professor at SIES College and an Economics paper moderator. While professors agreed that use of SMS lingo in answer sheets has come down in the past few years, some students still opt for the easy way out.\"Once the answer sheet is checked by an examiner, it goes to the moderator for a second round of correction and these are the exact silly mistakes that moderators are looking for. Answer sheets are scrutinised very carefully so it is important that students avoid spelling mistakes and SMS lingo,\" said Jyoti Thakur, head of the science department at Jai Hind College.Examiners also collectively agreed that these errors are mostly found in papers like History, Economics and especially English. \"English is an exceptionally lengthy paper and invariably, students end up using short cuts in answers. I have found a lot of mistakes especially towards the end of the answer sheet,\" said a moderator for the subject. She added that often students from the commerce stream make these mistakes. \"Students from the Arts stream are very careful about the language they use and Science students can't afford to take short-cuts,\" she added.Allan Danis, science student from St Andrews' College, Bandra, said, \"Most of the words that I tend to write in abbreviated forms are the smaller ones, which are used very often in the paper. While writing bigger words, I am careful and have never used SMS language. Our teachers have warned us before the exams. For English, we have to be extra cautious.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11971032", "title": "Himachal shivers in fresh snow", "text": "SHIMLA: A fresh spell of snowfall in the higher reaches of the state and rainfall in other areas has brought the chill back to Himachal Pradesh. Icy winds blew across the region, forcing people to remain indoors. The weather department has warned of heavy snowfall and rain at isolated places during the next 48 hours.Tribal areas of Lahaul-Spiti, Kinnaur, Pangi and Bharmour received fresh snow on Monday intensifying cold conditions. Keylong town of Lahaul-Spiti recorded the lowest temperature of minus 5.9 degrees Celsius, while Paonta Sahib in Sirmaur district was the warmest with a maximum temperature of 24 degrees Celsius.After Sunday's overcast sky, the higher reaches of the state were covered under a white blanket with Monday's snowfall. Shimla , where the local meteorological department had predicted rain and snow, saw very sparse rain. However, the tourist town of Dalhousie witnessed a good amount of rainfall on Monday.Officials of the meteorological department have advised people living in snow-bound areas of the state to take proper precautions before venturing out of their homes due to likelihood of heavy snowfall and rain in the next two days, which could trigger avalanches and landslides. Recently, five people died when they got buried in an avalanche, while a sister-duo was buried alive in a landslide in Chamba district.Western disturbances have become active in the state since Monday, while Sunday saw snow and rain in some parts of the high altitude areas, including Keylong and Kalpa. Kalpa recorded 4.4cm of fresh snow and Keylong 5cm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11969929", "title": "Retired judge to probe death of worker", "text": "DHARWAD: The Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) has decided to conduct an inquiry by a retired district judge into the death of Yakub Yalapati, a pourakarmika inside a cross drain near toll naka here on Thursday.HDMC commissioner K V Trilokchandra told TOI that the retired district judge A A Huligeri will inquire into the incident and he had been asked to submit the report within 15 days. The report submitted by the HDMC officials mentioned only the chronology of the incident. Hence, it was decided to conduct the inquiry by the panel of retired judges to get more accurate report over the incident, he added.Trilokchandra said he had also issued the show cause notice to HDMC officials M L Tadakod and R M Kadam in connection with the incident.It may be recalled that the relatives of the deceased and the members of the Dalit Sangharsha Samithi who resorted to protest on Thursday have blamed these officials for the tragic incident. They maintained that the blockage of the drain was reported in ward no. 14. But instead of engaging the contract based civic workers in that ward, Tadakod and Kadam had preferred engaging Yakub and another pourakarmika Nallappa Nallaiah who are the regular HDMC employees appointed for the ward no. 22.The commissioner said the autopsy report was being awaited from the District Civil Hospital . It would help to see whether there was any foul play from the side of the pourakarmika who lost the life, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11968322", "title": "HC to get new building, parking lot", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh High Court will soon have a building on the premises of the old Nayapul Hospital next door.The roads and buildings (R&B;) department and the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) have been asked by the high court authorities to work out plans for the proposed new building with multi-level parking facility. Official sources said plans for a seven-storied building have been prepared by the R&B; department. However, with some court officials expressing apprehension that the seven-storied building with cellar and sub-cellars might not be safe, the R&B; and GHMC have been asked to work out another plan with two blocks, one for the courts and another exclusively for parking. The exclusive multi-level car parking would be designed to accommodate 600 to 800 cars.The corporation had earlier requested the HC to part with about 4,500 square yards towards Madina on the main road for a vertical parking complex in view of the heavy traffic flow near Charminar. GHMC officials feel that the traffic volume and tourists flow would increase once the Charminar Pedestrianisation Project (CPP) is completed.The GHMC is working on two plans, one, a parking complex to be taken up on Build Operate and Transfer (BOT) basis by private persons and another to be taken up by the civic body on its own. \"In the multi-level parking complex, lawyers and petitioners can utilise the parking space during the day, while tourists and others can use it during night-time,\" an official of the GHMC said.Meanwhile, construction of a multi-level parking complex near Khilwath on 2,150 square metres area would begin in a month's time with the GHMC and the project developer, a consortium led by Futurage Infrastructure India Pvt Ltd, signing an agreement recently. The parking complex would have five floors and accommodate over 400 four-wheelers and 200 two-wheelers. Conventional ramps would be in place for parking floors below the ground level, while an automated machine would take vehicles to floors above the ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11969083", "title": "Accidents across Delhi leave 4 dead", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four persons were killed in as many road accidents reported since Sunday night. The first accident occured around 11.30pm on Sunday outside Buddha Garden in the Chanakyapuri area. A 22-year-old labourer, Sushil Pandit, died as the mini-truck he was riding in was hit by another truck from behind. While Pandit died of excessive bleeding and head injuries, two others were injured in the incident. The driver of the other truck fled.In another accident, a 27-year old was crushed by a speeding car in Mayur Vihar Phase I. The deceased, Mahender Paswan, was trying to cross the Noida Link Road when he was hit. The car driver, Rohit Srivastava, has been arrested.The third accident was reported from the Anand Vihar area of east Delhi. Garhwal resident Arjun Singh , 25, died after being hit by an unidentified vehicle. Police said the incident took place when the man was trying to cross the road by jumping over the railings. In another accident, a man riding a motorcycle was killed on the Naraina flyover in west Delhi after being hit and dragged by a truck from behind. Rakesh Kumar, 35, died instantly. However, the truck driver was nabbed after a chase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11971638", "title": "5 Sri Lankan fishermen held off Veraval coast", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: An Indian Coast Guard ship C-149 apprehended five Sri Lankan fishermen and seized their boat Muthukumari in Indian waters 55 nautical miles southwest of Veraval on Sunday midnight.The vessel was investigated in adverse sea condition for violation of the provisions under the Maritime Zone of India Act, 1981. A fish catch of 1,000 kg was found in the boat.The apprehended Sri lankan fishing boat along with crew is being brought to Porbandar for further interrogation by security agencies, an official release said.Meanwhile, Indian Coast Guard director general vice-admiral MP Muralidharan will be on a three-day visit to Gujarat from Monday. He will call on governor and chief minister of the state to apprise them about the Indian Coast Guard activities and security scenario off Gujarat coast. The Indian Coast Guard chief will also be visiting the coast guard stations in Porbandar and Okha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11970987", "title": "Follow spiritual rituals, shun celebrations of Losar: Sangay", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Two days before the onset of Tibetan New Year, Losar, Tibetan prime minister-in-exile Lobsang Sangay on Monday urged his countrymen to shun the celebrations to express solidarity with the people in Tibet.\"Please do not celebrate Losar this year, but do observe traditional and spiritual rituals by going to the monastery, making offerings and lighting butter lamps for all those who have sacrificed and suffered under the repressive policies of Chinese government,\" said Sangay in his statement. He said news from Tibet continued to be grim as it had been virtually sealed and foreigners not allowed to enter. \"Even Chinese tourists are prevented from visiting Tibet, and the military buildup is very heavy. The Chinese government has launched a massive crackdown on Tibetans who visited India for the Kalachakra teachings,\" he said.Saying that several hundred Tibetans had been detained and were being forced to undergo political re-education, Sangay said his government was extremely worried over what was happening and what might happen inside Tibet. \"Under such circumstances, please do pray for all Tibetans inside Tibet, especially on the third, eighth, 10th and 15th day of Losar, as these are auspicious days,\" he added.Sangay also urged the Tibetans to ensure peaceful protest demonstrations on March 10, the national uprising day of Tibet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11971615", "title": "Special get-together held", "text": "A special get-together named 'Yaadein' was held on the premises for the students of class X. Teachers shared their memories of the time that they had spent with the students. The programme also included some melodious songs, dances and ramp show. Sukdeep Kaur and Akshay Kumar of Xth B were declared Miss and Master Shishu Niketan.St Xavier's School, Mohali The school organized some 'stress buster' activities for the students before the commencement of exams. They participated in a fancy dress competition where they spread eco-friendly messages A 'spell check' was also conducted and children amazed everyone with their great vocabulary.DAV Model School, Sec 15, Chandigarh D.E.C. Ed. teacher trainees (previously called NTT) organized a cultural function in the junior wing of GMSSS, Sector16, Chandigarh titled 'Nanhi Aashayein'. The teacher trainees prepared the tiny tots to participate in various cultural items who performed with great enthusiasm and entertained the entire audience. The chief guest was Anujit Kaur, principal of GMSSS-16, Chandigarh.Sri Aurobindo School, Chandigarh The institution hosted an inter-school event 'Colour Bash' in the campus to commemorate the birth anniversary of Meirra Alfasa, who brought about the concept of integral education, which the school stands for. The event received an over-whelming response from a large number of schools from the tricity. The guests of honour were Vandana Chhabra, a senior lecturer and Manoj Sharda, vocational lecturer at Govt Sr Sec School, Sector 7, Chandigarh.St Mary's School, Sector 46, Chandigarh Students of class IX organized a colourful, entertaining and heart touching farewell for the outgoing students of class X in an elegantly staged programme at the school premises. The farewell function kicked off with a prayer song followed by various cultural programmes presented by the students. Simran Preet Kaur was declared as Miss St Marian followed by Ketan Walia as Mr St Marian. Valley Public School, MDC, Panchkula A trip to Patiala was organized wherein around 45 students happened to visit an armored regiment unit. Due to the whole hearted co-operation of the regiment officers, the students got an opportunity to see and ride over tanks and were also told about the functioning of tanks. They were taken to the simulation centre where armored personnel are given training on how to aim at targets.Gurukul Global School, Chandigarh The school organized a farewell for the students of class Xth. The event was named \" Hasta La Vista\". The event began with a traditional welcome to class X students followed by havan. Principal Aruna Bhardwaj, gave an inspirational speech.DAV Public School, Phase 10, Mohali Class XI students of the school put into the place a farewell party for the outgoing class XII. Principal Dr Rosy Sharma presided over the show. Aashreya was adjudged Mr DAV &amp; Milan as Miss DAV. At the end of the programme, the students of Class XI &amp; XII danced to their favourite tunes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11970321", "title": "Known for clean image", "text": "NASHIK: Former Shiv Sena corporator from the then ward 84 ( Cidco) and leader of the House a a year-and-a-half ago, Dileep Datir (34) began his political career as a shakha pramukh of the Shiv Sena eight years back. From shakha pramukh to getting elected as corporator in 2007 to leader of the house, his political graph had a steady growth.Known for his clean image in political circles and among people, he shot to fame with his work in getting rid of the scrap market at the Ambad-Satpur Link Road from the past five years. In July 2011, the Bombay HC said the traders should to be moved within three months in response to a PIL filed by Datir about the problems there. -Sumita SarkarSurprisingly, the party that got the credit for the landmark decision refused to nominate him for the recently-concluded civic polls (February 16). Datir contested as an independent from prabhag 49 this year and lost with a meager 300 votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11971312", "title": "Mayawati sings a new tune in ad blitz", "text": "LUCKNOW: A young girl thanks Behenji for raising the quality of higher education and putting a check on education mafia and providing students opportunities in UP.A relaxed housewife sends her to college, saying, \"Ab hum din ho ya raat, bina kisi chinta ke aa ja sakte hain, koi chhedkhani ka dar nahi. Dhanyawad Behenji (Day or night, now we can venture out without any fear. Thank you Behenji).\"A Muslim youth says 'shukriya' (thanks) to Behenji for providing a 'secure' atmosphere in UP where minorities can live with self-respect.These are visuals from a new series of short TV ads the BSP started airing from Monday, marking a shift in the message the CM is trying to get across. So far, the BSP had focused on long-format ads, listing the work Maya had done for dalits, the marginalised, urban poor, minorities and the memorials she had built. The central theme of the earlier campaign was 'sarvsamaj' - trying to convey that Mayawati's rule did justice to all. But midway through the polls, and with the confidence level rising in the SP camp, the BSP is not trying to focus on what Maya supposedly wrong in Mulayam's regime. The new ads point out that girls were not safe on roads and campuses during the previous regime. They are also reminders about extortions, kidnappings and communal conflicts during Mulayam's rule.Also, for the first time, the BSP is reaching out to the urban middle class, particularly women. While BSP leaders described it as a clever move by Behenji, pundits said these were clear signs of nervousness. \"I think Mayawati has taken a lesson from SP. The SP election campaign this time has been positive. Their leaders have not made any negative comment against any personality,\" said Deepak Kabir, a social activist.Assembly elections newsUP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "netherlands", "code": "11971173", "title": "Taste of future: A burger made with artificial meat", "text": "NETHERLANDS: The world's first hamburger made with a synthetic meat protein derived from bovine stem cells will be publicly consumed this October after being prepared by a celebrity chef, according to the inventor of the artificial mince. Heston Blumenthal is the favourite to be asked to cook the 250,000 hamburger, which will be made from 3,000 strips of synthetic meat protein grown in fermentation vats.Mark Post, of Maastricht University in the Netherlands, said the anonymous backer of his research project had not yet decided who would get to eat the world's most expensive hamburger, which will unveiled at a ceremony in Maastricht.Post told the American Association for the Advancement of Science that a hamburger made from artificial beef protein was a milestone in the development of novel ways to meet the global demand for meat, which is expected to double by 2050. \"In October we're going to provide a 'proof of concept' showing that with in vitro culture methods that are pretty classical we can make a product out of stem cells that looks like, and hopefully taste like, meat,\" Post said.\"The target goal is to make a hamburger and for that we need to grow 3,000 pieces of this muscle and a couple of hundred pieces of fat tissue. As long as it's a patty the size of a regular hamburger, I'm happy with it,\" he said. A handful of researchers has been working for the past six years on the technical problem of extracting stem cells from bovine muscle, culturing them in the laboratory and turning them into strips of muscle fibres that can be minced together with synthetic fat cells into an edible product.The technical challenges have included giving the meat a pinkish colour and the right texture for cooking and eating, as well as ensuring that it feels and tastes like real meat. Post admitted to being nervous about the final result. \"I am a little worried, but seeing and tasting is believing,\" he said. Although some animals still have to be slaughtered to provide the bovine stem cells, scientists estimate that a million times more meat could be made from the carcass of a single cow, compared with conventional cattle rearing. THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "religio-political seminar held", "code": "11971775", "title": "Religio-political seminar held", "text": "Religio-political seminar held: Commemorating the anniversary of Saka Nankana Sahib 1920 a seminar on \"Religio-political harmony of gurdwara reform movement in present day context\" was organized at Gurdwara Singh Sabha in Sector 70, Mohali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11972033", "title": "People throng Pahari Mandir for Shiva puja", "text": "RANCHI: Children dressed up as ghosts with plastic snakes around their necks danced in front of Lord Shiva's rath as his barat (marriage procession) was taken out from Pahari Mandir for his marriage with Goddess Parvati to mark Mahashivaratri, celebrated in the city with fervor and reverence on Monday.\"It is a very auspicious day as Shivaratri fell on Monday which is considered to be the day of Lord Shiva. Those who worship Lord Shiva on this day will get all they want,\" said Raghunath Pandey, the priest of a local temple.Tableaux depicting various gods of Hindu mythology, including Vishnu, Krishna, Brahma and Goddess Durga, were a part of Lord Shiva's baarat, which was followed by hundreds of devotees who chanted 'Har Har Mahadev' and burst crackers throughout the path from Pahari Mandir to Albert Ekka Chowk.Lakhs of devotees visited the Pahari Mandir on Monday to pray for themselves and their families. The devotion of people made them stand in queue in scorching sun for hours to have a glimpse of the god at the temple. Manyata, a devotee, said, \"I came here an hour ago but there is so much crowd and rush that it may take me another hour to reach the lord and offer my prayers.\"Keeping in mind the large footfall, barricades were made at the temple to separate the entry for men and women. A large number of policemen were also deployed around the Pahari Mandir as well as other temples of the city to prevent any kind of chaos.The crowd also became a point of attraction for the thieves and chain-snatchers as many thefts were reported near the temple. Mangal, a devotee, said, \"I come here every year and the condition is always the same. The target group is usually the women who carry handbags and wear gold chains.\"The devotees worshipped the god inside the temples but littered the area outside with plastics, flowers and polythene carry bags. The milk and water poured on the shivling overflowed out on the roads creating puddle making it difficult to walk barefoot. \"People lack civic sense. I don't say that they should not worship but at least should be careful to not litter the place,\" said Rajesh, a young devotee.The crowd was not just observed at Pahari Mandir but also at several other temples across the city. It looked like the whole city had come out to visit Shiva temples. \"I could not go to Pahari mandir as I cannot walk so much, so I came to visit a temple near my house. It is all about devotion. I can pray the lord from any place,\" said Savitri Devi, a senior citizen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11970950", "title": "Baria royals attend Sadbhavana fasts", "text": "VADODARA: Sadbhavana fasts by chief minister Narendra Modi saw many political leaders make a beeline to greet him on the stage, but the presence of one leader has sent political circles into a tizzy. Tusharsinh Maharaul, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) MLA from Devgadh Baria, was seen on the stage in a series of such events.Maharaul or Tushar Baba, as he is fondly called in Devgadh Baria, is the scion of the royal family of the erstwhile Baria state and has been with non-BJP parties since 2002. In 2002, he contested on a Congress ticket and lost the polls. But, he was elected on an NCP ticket in 2007.Tusharsinh has been spotted on the stage greeting Modi in at least three Sadbhavana fasts held at Bodeli, Godhra and Dahod. In Dahod, he was present on the stage with his mother and former state minister and former Devgadh Baria MLA Urvashidevi Maharaul. Urvashidevi had resigned from the BJP in 2007 as Tusharsinh was seeking a ticket from the Congress.The presence on the stage has sparked rumours that Tusharsinh was inching towards the BJP. Many even believe that the announcement of his joining the party was a mere formality and would be done soon.BJP state general secretary in-charge of central Gujarat, Balkrishna Shukla said that Tusharsinh was a good leader and had wide following in Devgadh Baria and in the region around it. He confirmed that Tusharsinh had attended Sadbhavana Mission events. But on being asked if Tusharsinh was joining the party, Shukla said, \"The party is always inclusive and welcomes good people,\" he said. Tusharsinh said he was preoccupied with engagements and would comment on the issue only later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11971527", "title": "Dean of Nair hospital dies of cardiac arrest", "text": "MUMBAI: The dean of the Topiwala National Medical College and BYL Nair Hospital, Dr Ravi Rananavare (56), died of cardiac arrest on Monday. He passed away in sleep at his Khar home, said BMC officials.Rananavare's nephew found him lying unconscious and rushed him to Holy Family Hospital. Doctors declared him dead around 7.30am. His body was later taken to Cooper Hospital for a post-mortem.Doctors close to him at Nair hospital said the deceased never complained of serious heart issues. Rananavare started his career as a lecturer at JJ Hospital in 1985. Later, he joined the radiology department of Nair hospital, where he was promoted as the head in 1995. He was appointed dean in 2008.KEM dean Dr Sanjay Oak said, \"Dr Rananavare was a gem of a person. He was a team man. We worked together till 11pm on Sunday.\"Rananavare is survived by three brothers and two sisters.This is the second case in the college where the dean passed away while still in office. In 2002, Dr Sharadini Dahanukar passed away while she was serving as the dean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11963227", "title": "Big B's fans pray to Lord Shiva for his health", "text": "Hundreds of worried fans of ailing Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan performed a yagna on Maha Shivaratri in Kolkata to pray for his speedy recovery.\"We are using the auspicious occasion of Maha Shivratri to pray to Lord Shiva to help him recover painlessly from his health problems,\" Sourav Banerjee of Amitabh Bachchan Fans Association of Kolkata, told PTI.Dressed in traditional attires, hundreds of fans carrying the actor's posters thronged the Ekdaliya Evergreen Park in the afternoon for the hour-long yagna.Ever since the news of Big B's health problems broke, his admirers here, who have also built a temple for him in south Kolkata, have been a worried lot.\"We have been praying for his health and well-being ever since and are constantly monitoring media reports on his health,\" Banerjee said.Another of his fan blamed the actor's \"workaholic nature\" for his medical condition.\"He has delivered hits after hits all his career and at this age of his life his body needs rest,\" said 32-year-old Goutam Basak adding that they are planning a gala celebration when the superstar returns home from hospital.On February 11, 69-year-old Bachchan underwent an abdominal surgery but after he complained of acute pain, his stay at the hospital had to be extended.Currently recuperating at the Seven Hills hospital, Big B's health is now said to be improving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11969157", "title": "Cong urges people to vote for Shaikh", "text": "MARGAO: Several Congress leaders came to Fatorda to drum up support for their candidate M K Shaikh and urged people to vote for the Congress in the forthcoming assembly elections.Shaikh appealed to the public to give him a chance to serve them while opening his election office at Borda on Monday. \"It is the Congress government that has carried out all the development,\" said Francisco Sardinha, state Congress party working president.Congress leaders further urged the public including the minority community to vote for Shaikh as he was a capable and loyal Congress man.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11968301", "title": "Tension in Old City over suicide", "text": "HYDERABAD: The suicide of a 24-year-old history-sheeter at Bhavani Nagar late Sunday night took a political turn on Monday with former CPM MP P Madhu being assaulted allegedly by MIM activists. The history-sheeter took his own life following alleged police harassment.Mohammed Aqeel, the history-sheeter of Bhavani Nagar police station, hung himself at his house in Nasheman Nagar on Sunday night when he was alone. At about 1.30 am, MIM supremo and Hyderabad MP, Asaduddin Owaisi visited Aqeel's house and consoled the family members.A suicide note, purportedly written by the victim, was found in the house. In the note, Aqeel alleged that he was being harassed by police. \"My brother committed suicide due to the harassment by Moghulpura ASI Mohammed Basheer. History-sheets were opened against my brother and me on false charges,\" Aqeel's brother Mohammed Khaleel said.Police had opened communal history-sheets against the duo following their reported involvement in a stone-pelting incident on a police picket at Nasheman Nagar in March 2010 (crime no. 41/2010).Aqeel used to run a footwear business from home and his family members alleged that, due to frequent visits of police, he was unable to operate his business.Police booked a suspicious death case under Section 174 of CrPC and shifted the body to Osmania General Hospital on Monday morning for a postmortem. The suicide note will be sent to APFSL for handwriting confirmation, Santosh Nagar ACP S Sai Krishna said.Trouble began on Monday when the body, after the postmortem, was brought back to the house. At 12.30 pm, CPM's P Madhu along with 20 of his supporters landed in Nasheman Nagar to console the family members of the deceased. However, MIM activists led by Yakutpura MLA Mumtaz Khan and Talabchanchalam corporator Wazahat Ali Khan, stopped Madhu from entering the house of the victim. In the resultant melee, Madhu was reportedly roughed up by MIM activists. \"In a complaint lodged, CPM activist Srinivas alleged that MIM activists led by MLA Mumtaz Khan roughed up Madhu and his supporters,\" Bhavani Nagar inspector P Subbaiah said.Sensing the gravity of the situation, police whisked away Madhu in their vehicle to another location and later took him to Osmania General Hospital for medical examination. As Madhu and his supporters did not suffer any external injuries, police booked cases under Section 147 (rioting), 149 (unlawful assembly) and 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) of the IPC against MLA Mumtaz Khan and 10 others including corporator Wazahat Ali Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11968810", "title": "58-yr-old security guard dies in road mishap", "text": "PANAJI: A 58-year-old security guard died in a road accident on Sunday night.Naresh Singh, who works as a security guard in a starred hotel in the city, was returning home at 9.10pm when a scooterist hit him at Caranzalem.Panaji police said that Ashique Devapur, 20, from Indiranagar, Chimbel, was going home from Dona Paula to Miramar on his motorcycle, when at about 9.10pm, he collided with Singh, who was going home on his cycle. He was declared brought dead at the hospital.Police found a fire arm and five rounds on his person and has asked the security agency to provide documents wherein he had permission to carry the fire arm with him.Police have registered a case of negligent driving against Devapur. During the inquiry it was found that Devapur did not possess a driving licence.Singh's family in Bihar have been informed of his death. However, relatives have expressed their inability to come to Goa to claim the body, said police.\"We have contacted the Bihar police and informed them of the incident. We have been told that the victim's family members won't be able to come to Goa,\" said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11970019", "title": "India, Italy row brewing over Kerala fishermen's killing", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Italian foreign minister Guilio Terzi ramping up pressure on India about the involvement of the Italian naval personnel in killing two local fishermen off the Kerala coast, a diplomatic row appears to be brewing between New Delhi and Rome . An Italian official and legal delegation travelled to Kochi on Monday, even as the two Italian guards, Massimiliano Latorre and Salvatore Girone, were remanded to three days in police custody by the local magistrate.Terzi on Monday said that there were \"considerable differences\" between Italy and India over the incident. \"There are currently considerable differences of a legal character. Up to now I have not seen the co-operation between India and Italy that would be desirable and would allow a quick resolution ,\" Terzi said.Fundamentally, there are differences between the two nations over the locale of the incident. The Italians say the shooting occurred on international waters, and consequently prosecution and investigation should be according to the UN and not Indian laws. India maintains that the crime was committed on an Indian vessel, even if it was in the \"contiguous zone\", and unarmed Indian fishermen had been shot dead. Hence, the case fell under Indian jurisdiction, and should be prosecuted as per Indian laws.The Italian oil tanker Enrica Lexie was flying with an Italian flag in international waters as it sailed from Singapore to Egypt , when the incident occurred last Wednesday.Agencies quote a statement by the Italian foreign ministry as saying; the presence of armed guards on board the ship was permissible under Italian law and corresponded to UN resolutions. The ministry said the case should be handled by Italy \"as the incident occurred in international waters on an Italian-flagged ship\". It said the servicemen were state officials and as such enjoyed immunity with respect to foreign states. New Delhi refutes this since the crime occurred on an Indian vessel.\"Contacts and collaboration between the two governments are essential to establish the facts in the face of unilateral actions being undertaken by police authorities,\" it said.The Italian media has quoted the captain of the Enrica Lexie as saying that they had confronted a vessel that had five armed men and not 11 unarmed fishermen. They were even quoted as saying that they had fired into the water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11969252", "title": "Congress promises free water, power to weaker sections", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress manifesto has promised to implement the Lokayukta bill which was passed by the legislative assembly, as and when it becomes law. But, it has made no commitment on a time frame. The party has announced free water and power supply of 150 units to SCs, STs, OBCs and economically weaker families having an annual income below 1 lakh.Union minister Oscar Fernandes released the manifesto on Monday in Panaji. The Goa pradesh Congress committee (GPCC) president Subhash Shirodkar said that in the manifesto there are around 55 points and the manifesto will reach out to 4.80 lakh families in Goa.\"For the Lakde-Calvim bridge in Aldona, land acquisition has already taken place by GIDC and construction of the bridge will be completed within a year,\" stated the manifesto.Chairman of the Congress campaign committee and speaker Pratapsingh Rane said \"Lokayukta Bill has been passed in the assembly and I am sure it would be implemented in the true spirit after assent from the president.\" Chief minister Digambar Kamat said that the bill is with the president of India for his assent.Congress has promised to enforce a citizens charter, ensure transparency through e-governance and RTI and zero tolerance for inefficiency and corruption among public men. The party said it would ensure that the river Mhadei will continue to flow uninterrupted into Goa. \"We will take all steps to ensure that the dispute is settled in the favour of Goa,\" said Kamat.For retired seafarers, the manifesto has promised to provide a pension of 2,500 per month and said that a proper scheme would be formulated. Congress has also stated that it would constitute a third district called the Ponda district. It has also announced subsistence stipends for educated unemployed with no source of income in the family.Shirodkar said that women self-help groups will be provided loans of upto 5 lakh at a minimal 3% rate of interest. The party has also decided to provide computer tablets to college and university students.On the medium of instruction issue, the party has assured to give a choice to parents in selecting medium of instruction for their children at the primary level.The Congress has made it clear that all primary schools with medium of instruction in Konkani, Marathi, any other Indian language and English will be given salary grants.It has also promised to start one model primary school in Konkani and Marathi in every taluka. Besides, for promotion, local languages Konkani/Marathi will be made compulsory subject from 1st to 10th standard in all primary, secondary and high schools in English medium. All Acts will be translated into Konkani and Marathi, the manifesto said. The party also declared it would support Konkani academy for development of Konkani in Devnagri and Romi scripts while continuing assistance to Marathi academy for development of literature in Marathi.Congress has also decided to increase the allowance to senior citizens under the Dayanand Niradhar Yojana from 1,000 to 2,500 and decided to dispose every application of widows and handicapped persons within 3 months.Congress has promised to take effective efforts to protect the valuable and scarce land of the state, in public interest. It has also promised to increase mediclaim to 7 lakh to provide insurance schemes for different illnesses. Congress said that the new Regional Plan 2021 will be implemented only after addressing all concerns of the people and taking all the stakeholders into confidence.With regard to bridges, the manifesto promises to build a parallel Zuari bridge with bridges at Terekhol, Talpona, Galgibag, Chorao, Cavelossim-Assolna, Diwar, Mandovi, Marcaim and Cortalim.Seats in medical college, dental college and nursing college will be further increased and all solid waste will be collected and treated in Margao, Panaji, Vasco, Mapusa and Ponda through private public partnership stated the manifesto.Shirodkar said \"Tourism, agriculture, fisheries and mining are four important sectors and Congress party will take these sectors forward and complete a mining corridor for ore transportation in all six talukas.\"Chairman of the manifesto committee, Eduardo Faleiro, said \"A monitoring and evaluation committee, which will be constituted within a month of completion of the election process, will review the implementation of the policies and programmes as mentioned in this manifesto and publicize its findings every year.\"Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11971104", "title": "Jat stir: Govt asks for 8 RAF companies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Caught between political compulsions and statutory obligations, the Haryana government has resorted to \"wait and watch\" move towards the re-starting of agitation by Jats, who are demanding withdrawal of criminal cases against them. It has asked the Union government to provide eight Rapid Action Force (RAF) companies for deployment in the affected area.\"We have already requested the Union home ministry to deploy central forces. As for their (Jats) demands, there is a procedure for everything. Let the aggrieved pursue it in accordance with the provision laid down in Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) before the appropriate authorities,'' a senior officer in the home department said.As for its political compulsion, the Jat community forms a large chunk of votebank for all political parties, including the ruling party. Hence, no leader, including chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda , will risk annoying them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11971220", "title": "With eye on Iran, US pressing Pak for bases in Balochistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The US has been pushing Pakistan for permission to establish bases in Balochistan for intelligence operations against bordering Iran, according to a media report on Monday.The \"outburst in America for Balochistan\", including a resolution introduced in the US Congress seeking the recognition of the Baloch people's right to self-determination , is part of the move to set up intelligence bases close to the Iranian border, an Pakistani unnamed official was quoted as saying by 'The Express Tribune' newspaper.The official indicated that the Congressional hearing and resolution were part of \"pressure tactics\" .\"They (Americans) want to use our soil against Iran, which we can never allow\" , the official said.Two officials from security agencies and one from diplomatic circles confirmed to the daily that American diplomats and military leaders had requested permission for their agents to operate near the Iranian border in Balochistan . The revelation came days after a bill was moved in the US house of representatives , blaming Pakistani security agencies for abductions and extra-judicial killings in Balochistan and calling for the recognition of the right to self-determination . It also followed a trilateral summit in Islamabad of the Presidents of Afghanistan , Iran and Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11970650", "title": "Winning relatives of politicos make a family affair of panchayat polls", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The kith and kin of seasoned politicians in Ganjam are garnering handsome wins in the three-tier panchayat polls that concluded on Sunday, if unconfirmed reports are anything to go by.Wives, sons and daughters-in-law of at least four veteran politicians, including MLA and former MLAs in the district, have been elected to various posts in the district, mostly as samiti members from various panchayats.At least six relatives of Niranjan Pradhan, the ruling BJD MLA from Polasara, were elected to different posts in Polasara block. Narmada Pradhan and Sanjukta Pradhan, wife and daughter-in-law of the MLA respectively, were elected samiti members from Malatentulia and Ghodapulana panchayats.Similarly, son and daughter-in-law of senior Congress leader and former assembly speaker Chitamani Dyansamantra have been reportedly elected as samiti members from gram panchayats in Patrapur block. Dyansamantara's son Manoranjan and daughter-in-law Meen Dyansamantara were elected from Tumba and Patrapur panchayats respectively.Son and daughter-in-law of former BJD MLA Madhabanand Behera were re-elected as samiti members from Buguda block. Kishor Chandra Behera, son of the former MLA, was elected from Bhagaban Pur panchayat, while Kishor's wife Anjali was elected from A. Karadabadi panchayat.Nandini Devi, wife of former MLA of Sorada assembly segment Kishor Chandra Singhdeo, has been elected as samiti member from Dharakote. Nandini, also former chairperson of Dharakote samiti, joined the BJD before just the panchayat election. Singhdeo, who was elected as MLA on BJP ticket in 2004 from Sorada, died three years ago.Wife of N Narayan Reddy, senior CPI leader and former MLA of Chhatrapur constituency, however, lost the panchayat election. N Bhanumati Reddy contested as samiti member from Sundarpur panchayat in Chhatrapur block. Her husband is now in jail in connection with Posco agitation in Jagatsinghpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11970184", "title": "You don't have the licence to park here", "text": "BANGALORE: Next time you park your vehicle in a no-parking zone, be prepared to lose your licence.Exasperated with erring drivers who park their vehicles in no-parking zones and get way with paying fine, traffic police have decided to recommend to the regional transport office to cancel driving licences of repeated offenders (three times in this case).Additional commissioner of police (traffic) MA Saleem told TOI : \"Tackling offenders who violate parking rules is a big menace for us. It is sad to see the so-called elite and educated lot flouting rules openly. Many park their posh cars near malls, shopping complexes, hotels and other public places and just walk away. When traffic police intervene, they just ask how much fine they have to pay. We have to end this. If we find a driver repeating the offence three times, we will cancel his/her licence.\"\"Last week, we booked a woman for wrongly parking her car near her daughter's school. To our surprise, we found her parking in the same place the very next day, saying she is ready to pay fine as she doesn't find the time to park elsewhere and walk all the way to school,\" he said.Traffic police said parking at wrong places slows down movement of other vehicles and also troubles pedestrians. \"If parking is full on Brigade Road, the driver keeps waiting by stopping his car on the main road. This forces other vehicles to slow down and ends in a gridlock. It is high time stern action was taken against such repeated offenders,\" Saleem said.Late last year, police decided to crack the whip on those drinking under the influence of alcohol. RTOs across the city had cancelled 45 driving licences of such repeated offenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11971814", "title": "Red poster warns power plants on relief payment", "text": "RANCHI: The Tritiya Prastuti Committee (TPC), a splinter group of the CPI (Maoist), on Monday pasted posters in Balumath area of Latehar district, warning the upcoming power plants of dire consequences if they did not stop felling trees and give adequate compensation to the displaced families.Two major power projects are coming up at Chandwa by Abhijeet Group and at Tori by Essar Group. Total generation capacity of the two plants will be more than 3,000 MW.Police sources said there had been widespread resentment in both the places over compensation to the displaced families. Almost all rebel groups, including the Maoists, are trying to take advantage of the situation and garner public support against the companies in the name of rising pollution and huge difference in price of per acre of land.\"The rebels pasted posters at Balumath to send a message to the displaced families that if they have any grudge against the companies or they have not got adequate compensation, they should come forward for help from the organization,\" said a police officer.Some of the rebel organizations have even started contacting the displaced families to get the detail of compensation received by them from the companies to calculate the difference. The rebels are playing with the sentiment of the displaced families by making them aware of the difference in compensation over per acre of land to different people.\"We have also come to know that there has been a huge difference in compensation of per acre of land. While one family has got Rs 2 lakh per acre, the other has got Rs 5 lakh per acre over even more. Since there is uniformity in price on paper, we are not able to make a case. The rebels are definitely taking advantage of the situation,\" said an officer.Latehar SP Kranti Kumar confirmed that a poster had been pasted against the upcoming companies in Balumath. \"We have recovered the poster in which it is written that the companies are not giving adequate compensation to the displaced families and have even cheated them. It will be too early to jump to a conclusion at the moment,\" said the SP adding that let the investigation be over.A spokesperson for Abhijeet Group, however, denied the allegations. \"We have given compensation according to market rate and job to at least one member of each displaced family. No one has been cheated,\" said the spokesperson.An officer of Essar Group said till date they had fulfilled every demand of the displaced people. \"No one can claim that we have not met their demands,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11968993", "title": "HC upholds dismissal of 'fake' AI trainee pilot", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court has upheld the dismissal of a trainee AI pilot who had joined the national carrier by producing fake results of his commercial pilot's licence (CPL) examinations.Last June, the airline had nipped the flying career of Saurabh Lokhande, a 29-year-old Mumbai resident, before it could take off. AI dismissed Lokhande a month after the Delhi crime branch arrested him for allegedly using a fake CPL certificate to join the airline as a trainee pilot on a five-year contract in 2010. Lokhande, after three failed attempts to clear the examinations in India, had allegedly paid Rs 3 lakh to a tout in 2008 and secured a fake licence to fly. He was finally arrested last year and though released on bail, faces a cheating and forgery case and his CPL has been suspended.He flew into the long arms of law finally last year and though released on bail faces a cheating and forgery case and his CPL is suspended.The worrying rise in the number of fake pilots across airlines last year had led to a crackdown by the top brass as the Directorate general of Civil Aviation. Lokhande was the second AI pilot to be arrested. The airline had earlier dismissed another pilot, J K Verma, for producing a fake CPL certificate. The HC, however, last August directed the airline to hold an inquiry and keep him under suspension. Last November, the Supreme Court stayed the HC order.Lokhande too moved the HC against AI. His lawyer, Mohan Bir Singh, argued that dismissal cannot stem from mere allegations. \"There is no finding by any authority that the CPL documents are fake,\" said Singh. But AI, whose aircraft had crashed in Mangalore in 2010 killing all on-board, took a tough stand through its law firm M V Kini &amp; Co. \"The safety of passengers is of paramount consideration,\" it said.\"The lives of passengers would be in danger if Lokhande, whose qualification as a CPL holder is based on fake documents, is allowed to fly an aircraft,\" it said. As a pilot, Lokhande was governed by the terms and conditions of contract which weresigned by him and AI. Clause 31 of the agreement is very clear, said AI, and it empowers termination with immediate effect without assigning any reasons, if it is found at any stage that the pilot relied on false documents.A bench of Justices D K Deshmukh and R Y Ganoo last week had no sympathy either. In a brief order, the bench brushed off all arguments against AI.The HC said, \"The petitioner was merely a trainee pilot. It appears he was arrested for submitting a fake result card. In this situation, no fault can be found with the order of termination.\",\" and disposed of the matterLokhande is likely to challenge the HC order, his lawyer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11968433", "title": "Fire engulfs packaging unit", "text": "HYDERABAD: A fire broke out on the ground floor of Saptagiri Packaging factory in Amberpet on Monday evening. While the actual cause of the accident is yet to be ascertained, preliminary investigations suggest that the fire started due to a short-circuit. No casualties were reported.According to fire officials present at the site, the fire started at around 5.55 pm. Two fire tenders from Malakpet and Musheerabad were immediately rushed to the spot to control the situation. \"While the ground floor of the godown was completely gutted, it did not spread to the first floor,\" said P Chandar Reddy, station fire officer (SFO), Malakpet, adding that it took the fire-fighters over two hours to douse the flames.Officials are still in the process of estimating the total worth of property lost in the accident. \"As the shutters were down and nobody was present in the godown, there were no cases of injuries or deaths,\" the SFO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11971840", "title": "City police crack down on all political threats, violence", "text": "NAGPUR: City police have finally pulled up their socks to control the violence that erupted after the civic elections last week. The police department has decided to take prompt and stringent action upon receiving any complaint of threat or tussles. City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay said candidates or followers must approach the police if there is any threat.City police department was left stunned by last week's gruesome murder of Keshavrao Thakre, who had campaigned for BJP's winning candidate Ravindra Bhoyar. Thakre was allegedly eliminated by the losing candidate of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) Sanjay Barai, his family members and other followers. Imambada police, first left bewildered by the unexpected development, have arrested 10 assailants including Barai.Dhanvijay said Thakre's murder surprised police as there was no indication from his side that he was facing a threat. \"Now, police stations have been instructed that any reports of tussle or threats from any political workers or otherwise pertaining to the election would be taken seriously,\" said Dhanvijay. He added that police would immediately slap preventive measures against any kind of threats or rivalries.On Sunday evening too, Gittikhadan police had to swing to action after followers of Ramesh Ghatole, who also contested the election, ransacked the houses of some supporters of elected Congress candidate Dr Prashant Chopda. Police said that Ghatole's supporters also thrashed Dr Prakash Randive and his wife, who later approached Gittikhadan police station with a huge mob of supporters.Dhanvijay said five people have been arrested and instructions have been issued to take more culprits into custody if required. \"Police would now take all complaints regarding any poll rivalries very seriously,\" he said.Apart from Thakre's murder and attacks on Dr Chopda's supporters, there have been several other instances of violence. There were complaints by a senior MNS leader at Tehsil police station after his car was attacked by rivals near Golibar chowk last week. There had been clashes at Vaishali Nagar at Pachpaoli too.A source told TOI that some goons enjoying political protection had also threatened residents of Bhande plot but the locals were too terrified to lodge a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11969420", "title": "RWITC official falls to death from balcony on 4th floor", "text": "MUMBAI: Dady Adenwalla (81), a member of the Board of Appeals of Royal Western India Turf Club (RWITC), died on Monday after falling off the balcony of his fourth-floor flat in south Mumbai.Ruling out foul play or suicide so far, the Azad Maidan police have registered a case of accidental death. Adenwalla is survived by his daughter, Shireen Adenwalla, a well known chef.A source in the Adenwalla household said the deceased underwent an eye surgery last week and was recuperating at home. \"He was not suffering from any other ailment. This was a most unexpected tragedy,\" said his cousin, Adi Narialwala.According to the police, around 9am, Adenwalla went to the balcony to water the plants. He stayed there for a while and around about 9.30am, he bent over the balcony to call out to his driver, Rafeeque, who was standing below. \"It is not clear what happened next. Whether he felt dizzy or his vision blurred, but he lost control and fell from the fourth floor,\" said the officer. It was his driver who rushed him to the nearby Bombay Hospital where he was declared dead on arrival. His body has been sent to GT Hospital for post mortem.A long serving member of the RWITC, where he worked for over five decades till the time of his death, he was remembered fondly by his peers. \"Dady's passing away is tragic. He was one of the finest stipes RWITC has ever had and was unbiased in his decisions. His endearing and affable personality made him very likeable,\" said RWITC chairman Vivek Jain.A champion trainer, he won 11 Indian Classics, and trained two Indian Derby winners, Balchand in 1957 and Fair Wood in 1959. He retired from training in 1986 and then served at RWITC for over 15 years as its chief stipendiary steward and later as a member of its board of appeal till his death. RWITC had recently honoured him with the Lifetime Achievement award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11970542", "title": "Re-poll held in 2 Ganjam booths", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Re-polling in two booths of two panchayats in Ganjam district's Dharakote block passed off peacefully on Monday, official sources said here. Re-polling was held in one booth each in Kendupalli and Jahalgaon village in Baharapur and Balarampur panchayats respectively. Election was disrupted on Sunday when miscreants looted ballot box and papers from these booths.With the re-poll, the three-tier panchayat elections for 69 zilla parishad zones, 475 sarpanch and same number of samiti members and 6,943 ward members was completed. The elections were held in five phases from February 11 to 19, sources said.Although counting of votes has been completed, the results will be declared officially on Wednesday, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11970836", "title": "Engg students to call bandh today", "text": "AJMER: After two days' calm, the agitating students of Government Engineering College (GEC) called a meeting on Monday and decided on keeping all colleges here shut on Tuesday. The strategy for the bandh was also discussed at the meet held at Azad Park. They are protesting the suicide of a student Sujeet Kumar.Some parents of students also joined the meeting and assured help in further intensifying the agitation. \"We are here to protect the interests of children as this is the time they need us most,\" said Rekh Raj, parent of a student.Students of other colleges also extended their support to the agitation. \"We declare our full support to their cause. On Tuesday we will boycott nursing classes,\" said Prem Praksh, student leader, Nursing College.Likewise, student leaders of Ajmer Institute of Technology were also present at the meeting to show their support. \"On Tuesday we will not let any college hold classes,\" said Nitesh Joshi, final year student, Ajmer Institute of Technology.According to students, the medicos of JLN Medical College here have also extended their moral support to the agitation. \"They would not participate directly in Tuesday's bandh but have assured they are with us and would join the agitation if need arises,\" said Khemraj Tak, an IT final year student, GEC.Student leaders at the meeting threatened if their demand of removal of HOD Pratkriti Trivedi and suspension of principal M M Sharma was not met, they would further intensify their agitation after Tuesday's bandh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11970217", "title": "Another feather for Super 30 founder", "text": "PATNA: A newly-formed provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia (Canada), Maple Ridge Mission (MRM), recently honoured Super 30 founder Anand Kumar for coaching underprivileged students free of cost to crack the prestigious IIT-JEE. MRM had moved a proposal to honour Anand a few days back, which was unanimously passed.A member of MRM, Marc Dalton said in the assembly, \"His (Anand's) inspiring tale is something that can act as a big motivation for all teachers. He deserves to be honoured.\" The felicitation programme formed part of the debate of the assembly.A minister of advanced education department, government of British Columbia, Naomi Yamamoto, said that Anand is a 'gifted' teacher. \"Anand's exceptional teaching career is laudable. We proudly welcome innovators and scholars of distinction from around the world and I am pleased to welcome Anand Kumar to British Columbia for his remarkable way of spreading the light of education in the darkened corners of the society,\" said Yamamoto.Kumar was also felicitated at a function organized by South Asian Cultural Society in Vancouver, Canada . The programme was chaired by Paul Evans, professor and director, Institute of Asian Research.An overwhelmed Anand said: \"It's the hard work of the underprivileged students that deserves this honour. It gives me immense pleasure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "11970621", "title": "Politics of murder and revenge back in Kannur", "text": "KANNUR: After a lull for over a year, politics of bloodshed gripped Kannur on Monday with the murder of a Muslim Youth League (MYL) activist in Kannapuram. This has led to widespread clashes between CPM and Muslim League activists across the district.The body of victim Shukkur (22), treasurer of Thaliparamba unit of Muslim Students Front, was found in a field near Valluvam Kadavu in Keezhara on Monday afternoon. According to the police, he was stabbed in his stomach and chest with an axe. Another MYL activist Zakaria has been admitted to a private hospital in Thaliparamba with stab injuries.The murder follows violent clashes in Pattuvam, near Thaliparamba, in which a group of people allegedly MYL activists attacked CPM Muthalapparam branch secretary Kunnool Rajan in the early hours of Sunday. Rajan has been admitted to a hospital in Mangalore with serious injuries to both his legs.On Monday morning the car in which the CPM district secretary P Jayarajan along with a few CPM leaders were travelling was attacked near Ariyil allegedly by IUML activists. The TV crew of Kairali channel and a reporter of Deshabhimani daily were also attacked by a violent mob.According to police, CPM leader and MLA T V Rajesh, district secretary P Jayarajan, DYFI block secretary A Rajesh, CPM Thaliparamaba area secretary P Vasudevan, area committee member K Balakrishnan, Deshabhimani reporter M Rajeevan were admitted at Thaliparamba cooperative hospital with minor injuries.According to the CPM leaders, their car was attacked by a 50-member gang of Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) activists at Ariyil around 11.45am. Jayarajan alleged that a group of extremists have crept into the Muslim League in Pattuvam and they are controlling the party. It is suspected that Shukkur was stabbed while he was escaping to the other side of the river after attacking the CPM leaders.Following the incidents tense situation prevailed in the district.In Mattanur and Payyannur, the IUML offices were attacked by a group suspected to be CPM activists. In Ariyil, near Thaliparamba, crude bombs were hurled at IUML workers, in which three people were injured. The police have deployed rapid action force in the sensitive localities.Meanwhile, in protest against the incident, both the LDF and the UDF has declared a 12-hour hartal in Kannur on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11970143", "title": "Mamata Banerjee raps cops for cracking rape case", "text": "KOLKATA: Two senior police officers have been made to pay the price for solving a rape case that CM Mamata Banerjee had said was a \"fabricated story\". Detective chief Damayanti Sen and joint commissioner, HQ, Javed Shamim stood at the Writers' Buildings rostrum on Monday and issued a clarification that no one had asked for.A section of officers feels Sen and Shamim were pulled up by Mamata for the embarrassment she faced when the case was cracked.Sen and Shamim, looking visibly upset, explained three points: that the CM had not intervened in the probe, that there was no \"groupism\" in the force, and that the police acted unitedly under the command of commissioner R K Pachnanda. As it remained unexplained who asked them to clarify and why, their unusual conduct became a talking point in the corridors of power.\"The CM has never interfered in this investigation. What is happening now is distracting us from the main issue. The groupism that is being attributed to is totally misleading and incorrect. That is what is we felt. That is why an appointment was sought,\" Shamim said.Both the officers said they had sought a meeting with the CM but insiders say they were summoned to Mamata's chamber and hauled over the coals for an hour. When they emerged, Sen looked shaken.Only 48 hours earlier, Sen and her team were upbeat after cracking the rape case. The victim had alleged that the crime had taken place on February 6 and that the police sat on her report for over a week. On February 16, even as a forensic report confirmed assault on the woman, the CM said the case had been cooked up to malign her government. Transport minister Madan Mitra even went to the extent of questioning the victim's character.On February 18, Sen announced that the case had been solved and three suspects arrested. This was out of sync with what the CM had said. There wasn't a word of praise from Mamata. But the media, the people and the victim feted Sen as a \"champ and a tigress\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11969429", "title": "BJP chief ridicules Rahul, Mulayam for \u2018politics of vote\u2019", "text": "KANPUR: BJP president Nitin Gadkari on Monday ridiculed both Congress leader Rahul Gandhi and SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav for \"misleading the people by making hollow promises in an effort to grab power in the state\".Gadkari, who was addressing a public rally at Old Central ground in Babupurwa falling under the Cantt assembly segment, blasted Rahul for holding roadshows in the city and said: \"The person doing the roadshow comes for a day, waves his hand and goes away. Earlier, Indira Gandhi, Rajiv Gandhi and Sonia Gandhi also waved hands. Now Rahul is doing the same and Priyanka is training her children the way to wave hands. This party has waved hand and spread corruption in the country. So vote out Congress and bring in BJP.\"Terming SP president Mulayam Singh Yadav as a \"supporter of the banned outfit SIMI\", Gadkari questioned \"How will such a leadership provide security to the state?\"\"Mohan Chandra Sharma had died as a martyr while fighting terrorists in Batla house encounter. Has any of the Congress leaders ever visited the house of martyr Sharma to know how his family is surviving? Why terrorist Afzal Guru has not been hanged in six years of UPA regime?\" questioned Gadkari while addressing the people.He said: \"Mulayam has promised that if his party comes to power, the families of the rape victims would be given jobs. If this is what he can give, we don't want such a government to come to power. We want a government which is all masculine and which can prevent crimes, especially those against women, from taking place. During Mulayam's regime, `goondaraj' comes into existence and in Maya's rule, 'loot' takes over goonadraj.\" He went on to add that \"if BJP comes to power, both Mulayam and Mayawati would be sent to jail\".Lambasting Mayawati for erecting her statues in the state capital and making sprawling parks, Gadkari said, \"A whooping Rs 10,000 crores have been wasted on erecting statues and gardens. If this huge amount had been spent on developing industries, several unemployed youths would have got employment.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11969934", "title": "Alagiri confident DMK will sweep Sankarankoil by-poll", "text": "MADURAI: Union fertilisers and chemicals minister and DMK leader M K Alagiri on Monday said that his party will sweep the Sankarankoil by-poll which is to be held on March 18.Speaking to media persons during the birth anniversary celebrations of late DMK leader Thennarasu in Madurai, Alagiri, when asked whether he will campaign, said that he will supervise the poll-related works, while his younger brother M K Stalin would be campaigning in the constituency.He also said that their party candidate would file his nomination on February 27.Meanwhile, candidates of major political parties, including V Muthuselvi (AIADMK), J Surya Kumar (DMK) and Sathan Thirumalaikumar (MDMK) kicked-off their campaigns on Monday, on the auspicious occasion of Sivarathri. The BJP is also contesting the by-election and is yet to announce the candidate with 11 persons having expressed their willingness, while the DMDK candidate whose name was declared on Monday, is expected to start campaigning in a day or two.In the meantime, officials started removing the freebies including mixies and fans that were to be distributed to the green ration card holders as the model code of conduct came into effect.The items, which had been stored in local halls in the panchayats and unions were taken away to be kept in government buildings. This has caused a flutter among the public who feel that they may not receive the freebies after the elections and were expecting the officers to expedite the distribution process. About 79,000 beneficiaries from this constituency were identified for the freebies and only about 57,000 have received theirs till date, according to sources.R Sarojini of the Sankarankoil municipality said that they were informed that they would get all the freebies well in advance, but as the election commission's announcement was made now, they were doubtful if they would get any.\"Some of my neighbours have received a good mixie and a table fan which would be very useful for summer, but now, I was told that the things kept for distribution in our areas have been taken away,\" she said.\"We did not get many of the DMK government's freebies during that regime, but now, this too, has slipped off. We are just not lucky,\" she rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11968837", "title": "Delhi HC rejects plea against AIIMS entrance test", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has rejected a plea to scrap the common entrance test for postgraduate medical courses in the wake of allegations of copying at some centres. Mere apprehension of cheating cannot be a ground to quash the entire test when the incident is being probed, the court said.Justice Hima Kohli dismissed the pleas, made by some candidates, to quash the All-India Post Graduate Medical Entrance Examination (AIPGMEE) held on January 8 at 156 centres across the country, saying that they were \"premature\" and based on \"surmises\" and \"conjectures\".\"Merely an apprehension expressed by the petitioners that they would suffer irreparable loss and injury in the event of a scam, which is under investigation by the crime branch, Delhi Police, cannot be considered as sufficient ground for quashing the AIPGMEE-2012 held on January 8, 2012, for 69,069 candidates all over the country, said Justice Kohli.\"When the magnitude of the aforesaid incident is still unknown and the investigations are on, the present petition can only be termed as one based on surmises and conjectures... the petition is dismissed along with the pending application, as being premature and without any basis,\" she added.The petitions, filed by five candidates, had mentioned reports of copying from various centres, including Noida, saying that it was a part of a widespread scam. The petitioners had also sought direction to AIIMS to evolve some mechanism to prevent the recurrence of cheating in the PG entrance examination.The AIIMS had opposed the demand, claiming it was a stray incident that took place only at the Noida centre while in the remaining 155 centres, the examination was held peacefully and without any hindrance.\"As per affidavit filed by AIIMS, it is apparent that the incident of cheating is found to have occurred on January 8, 2012 only at one examination centre and that too in a centre which was situated at Noida, where a mobile phone is stated to have been recovered from one candidate and some electronic gadgets were recovered from two candidates,\" it observed.The court also said the petitioners are not part of the centre under investigation, they all appeared for their exams at different centres in Delhi.\"Apart from the aforesaid incident, the AIPGMEE-2012 appears to have been conducted peacefully at all other 155 examination centres. A total number of 71,968 candidates are stated to have applied for sitting in the aforesaid examination and 69,069 candidates had actually appeared in the said examination. It is also pertinent to note that the examination centre of none of the five petitioners herein was situated at Noida,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11969847", "title": "Air India deployed bigger aircraft to accommodate Praful Patel's kin, notings show", "text": "NEW DELHI: Air India had deployed a larger aircraft to accommodate the family of then Union civil aviation minister Praful Patel on their trip to Maldives from Bangalore in April 2010, file notings disclosed by the national carrier indicate.It had earlier been claimed that since the seven business class seats were already booked on IC-965, flying from Bangalore to Male, Air India switched to a bigger aircraft, A320, with 20 business class seats, to accommodate seven members of the Deshpande family -- in-laws of Patel's daughter Avni.The passenger list now disclosed after the directives of the Central Information Commission shows that the Deshpandes were indeed on board IC-965 on April 25, 2010 for the Bangalore-Male trip and on IC-966 from Male to Bangalore on April 28, 2010.The list shows seven family members who travelled on the flights included Congress leader R V Deshpande, Radha Deshpande, Prasad Deshpande, Meghna Deshpande and Master Dhruv, in addition to Avni and her husband Prashant Deshpande.According to the disclosure, the notings show that instructions were issued over email from Mumbai headquarters to change the \"equipment\" of Bangalore-Male flight on April 25 and Male-Bangalore on April 28, 2010 from a smaller Airbus A319 to the larger A320.Air India normally plies Airbus A319 aircraft on the route which is smaller one with eight business class seats and 114 economy class seats.The order, a copy of which was supplied with the RTI reply, said, \"Due to heavy demand in J Class on Bangalore-Male on April 25, 2010 and Male-Bangalore on April 28, 2010, the J Class capacity is increased on the above two dates by rotation change in equipment.\"The order for the change were issued from the top officials of Air India as the copy for the decision was sent to Aben Lal, who is now general manager, commercial, with a note, \"This is in reference to your telecon with Mr F J Vaz (now executive director commercial).\"The reply stated, \"Station manager, Bangalore had received an email on April 8, 2010 from Harjeet Sawhney, the then manager (scheduling), commercial headquarters, Air India, Mumbai, regarding change of equipment on April 25 and 28, 2010,\" the carrier said in its RTI reply.With the change in the aircraft, the carrier had to fly with six vacant seats in business class and 47 in economy class from Bangalore to Male, the passenger list revealed under the RTI Act to activist Subhash Agrawal shows.Similarly, while returning on April 28, eight business class seats and 52 economy seats were vacant on the flight from Male to Bangalore.The carrier, which was hesitant in disclosing the passenger details even after the orders of the CIC, was issued showcause notice for non-compliance.While providing the details, Air India said, \"Though keeping in view the spirit of RTI Act, 2005 we are complying with the orders of the information commissioner (Sushma Singh) and providing the information to the appellant. It is humbly requested that this may please not be allowed to be treated as precedent since the company, keeping in view its commercial interest, follows the practice of not disclosing the travel particulars of its valued passengers, which are personal to them, to any third party.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11970611", "title": "Commuters in Kanpur bear the brunt of rallies, road shows", "text": "KANPUR: The political campaigning, rallies and Rahul Gandhi's road show once again caused massive traffic jams in the city on Monday. Due to the large number of political events, a huge rush had stepped out on the roads which led to utter chaos in various parts of the city.Localities like Ramadevi, GT Road, P Road, Kidwai Nagar, Jarib Chowki, Lal Bangla, Gwaltoli, Naubasta and Gumti were a witness to the sufferings of commuters throughout the day. Meanwhile, poor and dug-up roads also added to the trouble.What caused even greater inconvenience was the fact that even after knowing the timings of all the political processions and rallies, no arrangement for proper traffic movements had been made at any particular spot. Both the district administration and the traffic department displayed a careless attitude towards traffic management.Expressing anguish on being stranded for hours on GT Road, Sahil, a commuter, said the police should have regulated and diverted the traffic. \"They (traffic police) are aware of the rallies and road shows, then why did they not deploy special traffic force in the concerned area or chalked out a traffic plan? What is the point in using GT Road and overbridges when you get stuck there for more than three hours,\" he pointed out.His sentiments were echoed by Ranjan, who reached his office three hours late, as the road was hosting Rahul Gandhi's road show.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11971887", "title": "Murrahs get makeover for Hisar catwalk", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It is getting a massage and new hairdo. Three-year-old Lakshmi, a buffalo belonging to Kapoor Singh, a resident of Singhwa Khas village of Hisar district, is being readied for the 'Murrah catwalk' to be organized at Arjun Stadium of Jind on Wednesday.Lakshmi, which yields over 22kg milk daily, will be among the 30 high-breed and high-priced buffaloes who will sashay down the ramp. Like Kapoor Singh, many Haryanvis are busy preparing their buffaloes for the big show - serving them special diet of jaggery, grinded gram and mustard oil. To embellish the rare cattle, silver ornaments have been ordered for them.\"We have bought a special jhalra (an ornament) of silver worth Rs 25,000 for Lakshmi,\" Kapoor Singh, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11970371", "title": "Client, 2 others held for killing", "text": "BANGALORE: Defending a habitual offender proved costly for a 59-year-old Tamil Nadu advocate. The offender and his two aides allegedly strangled Appuswamy Sriranga Gounder to death before dumping his body in a canal in Mandya district.Gounder, an advocate from Tirupur in Tamil Nadu, had gone missing since February 11 after he left his hometown for Mandya.Acting on a complaint filed by his family, Mandya police reached Bangalore after they discovered the victim's ATM card had been used at a petrol bunk near Raj Bhavan. Cubbon Park police swung into action, tracked the trio and arrested them on murder charges.The arrested are Mohammed Junaid Abdul Jabbar, 25, of Gadi Khana Mohalla in Chamarajnagar town, Yeshwanth Shankar, 22, from Tavarekere in Mandya and R Girish of Bindiganavile in Nagamangala taluk.Junaid, a habitual offender, had been booked by Tamil Nadu and Karnataka police on charges like robbery and theft, and Appuswamy was his counsel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11971565", "title": "Quality control given a miss at Student Centre", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In what may surprise ardent lovers of Student Centre food, shops at the student hub are the least inspected site for hygiene checks at Panjab University campus. With over 300 visitors arriving at the Student Centre each day, quality control goes unchecked!Out of nearly 120 inspections conducted by the PU dean student welfare office across all hostels and canteens in the last one year, only one raid was conducted at Student Centre. This was revealed in records furnished by PU in response to an RTI filed by a student of History department.The lone inspection at Student Centre was done following a complaint by a student of Mathematics department on August 9, 2011. This student had complained of an insect in the food served to him at Student Centre. Thereafter, the shopkeeper was fined Rs 1,000 for not covering utensils properly by the PU dietician.It was after this information was sought by the PU student that the new DSW directed the staff to conduct frequent inspections. \"When the information was sought by the student, I felt the need to have frequent inspections. We have already spruced up surprise visits even at Student Centre,\" said A S Ahluwalia, PU dean student welfare.Responding to yet another query on how frequently inspections are done in PU hostel mess and department canteens, the DSW office responded saying, \"There were no scheduled visits in favour of strict adherence to quality by contractors working at Student Centre.\"The information revealed to Raman Dhaka, a student of department of History, stated that the fine imposed on most hostel mess contractors was minimal ranging from Rs 150 a?? 1,000 for not having a tight quality control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11970898", "title": "City-based firms bag GESIA award for excellence", "text": "VADODARA: Two city-based companies were conferred awards for excellence 2012 by Gujarat Electronics and Software Industries Association (GESIA) recently.GESIA, a trade body, and Chamber of Commerce of Gujarat IT and ITES Industry, had organized its 5th annual awards for excellence in ICT industries of Gujarat at Ahmedabad recently.During the award function, city-based NetWeb Software Private Limited and Collabera were awarded for their excellence. While NetWeb Software Private Limited was awarded 'Best Software Company of Gujarat (gold category)', Collabera was awarded with the 'President's Choice Special Recognition' award.The awards were given away by co-founder and CEO of Infosys S D Shibulal and additional chief secretary of Gujarat government Ravi Saxena. GESIA, which has 300 plus members across Gujarat, also has its chapter in Vadodara with 25 IT and ITES member companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11973080", "title": "Indian-American appointed to key Republican post in Florida", "text": "WASHINGTON: Indian-American Akshay Desai has been appointed to a key Republican post in Florida, making him responsible for the party's finances in this election year.\"In this election year we need the resources for victory, and Dr Desai's long history of work for the state and our party make him a proven leader,\" Republican Party of Florida (RPOF) chairman Lenny Curry said in a statement.Desai has been appointed to serve as the chairman of Finance Committee of the Republican Party of Florida.Desai is currently the Chairman of the Board, President and CEO of Universal Health Care Group, Inc and serves the health care community through several associations.\"A K Desai is a tireless advocate for Florida and for our Republican party. RPOF will be well served by his dedication and experience,\" said the Florida Governor Rick Scott.A member of the Florida State Board of Education since 2007, Desai previously served as a Member of Florida State Board of Governors from 2005-2007 and as Commissioner and Chairman of the Health Committee on the White House Commission on Asian Americans &amp; Pacific Islanders from 2005-2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "vizianagaram", "code": "11968604", "title": "Paramilitary set to expand presence in Naxalite zone", "text": "VIZIANAGARAM: In a renewed bid to flush out Maoists from the Andhra-Orissa Border (AOB), the government is hurrying with the setting up of paramilitary and Special Forces bases in north coastal districts. Border Security Force (BSF) is already setting up a base in Srikakulam with Indian Reserve Battalion (IRB) having selected Anandapuram in Viskhapatnam for its camp. Now, the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) is planning to set up a regional base at Vizianagaram district's Kottavalasa mandal.The CRPF brass has worked out a plan to establish a base which would accommodate a battalion of more than 1,000 personnel. District revenue officials and CRPF authorities have conducted a survey at Relli and other villages in Kottavalasa for the proposed base. Sources said that the district collector has agreed to allot 80 acres to the paramilitary force for setting up a base. It was learnt that there is also a proposal for the Centre to offer training to youth who wish to join CRPF. \"We have sufficient funds to bring up the base at Kottavalasa,\" Ganeswara Rao, CRPF deputy commandant, said.The district has two companies of CRPF posted at the Elwinpet and Makkuva police stations which are situated in Maoist-infested areas. The paramilitary force also has seven companies stationed in Visakhapatnam district. It is the CRPF which has the highest deployment in anti-Maoist operations in various parts of the country and the paramilitary force has completed nearly a decade in the three north coastal Andhra districts.The state government has already acquired 200 acres of land at Mukundapuram and Pekeru villages near Ananadapuram, 20km from Visakhapatnam, for the new IRB battalion. Sources said that the IRB base would have training and residential facilities for over 1,000 jawans.The BSF, which was pressed into action in combing operations on the Orissa border, has plans to set up a big base camp in Srikakulam. Authorities have sought 90 acres and are looking to identify the land in Sarubujjili, Burja and Etcherla mandals to set up the base camp.Sources said that since Maoists have a strong presence on the border in general and in Orissa's Malkangiri, Koraput and Rayagda districts in particular, the government wants to add teeth in its fight against the rebels. \"The idea behind setting up three regional bases, of CRPF, BSF and IRB, in the three north coastal districts is to flush out Maoists form the AOB with the help of special police and the AP Greyhounds,\" a top police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11971492", "title": "City could host demonstration centre for India, Canada JV", "text": "NAGPUR: The city may host a 'demonstration centre' to showcase technologies developed under a scientific and industrial partnership between India and Canada.The two countries will soon set up an India-Canada Centre at the University of British Columbia, Canada, with an investment of 15 million Canadian dollars. The 'India-Canada Centre for Innovative Multi-Disciplinary Partnership' or 'IC-Impacts' is part of a broad science and technology agreement signed between the two countries last year.Though the research centre is coming up in Canada, the technologies developed under the joint venture will be implemented by the two countries in their own way. The technologies from the project will be showcased in India for use at a permanent demonstration centre.Nem Kumar Banthia, project director of the centre and professor of civil engineering at University of British Columbia, told TOI that the two countries had identified five key areas of mutual interest for the collaborative programme. Banthia, who hails from Nagpur, was in the city to attend a two-day scientific conference organized by the Indian Concrete.\"Being from Nagpur I am trying my best to involve the city in the project as the 'demonstration city' where all the technologies evolving out of the research between scientists from both countries will be on permanent display for adoption by industry or any other users. If Nagpur is finalized as the 'demonstration city' it will be my contribution to my home city,\" said Banthia.He has already received support from Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology (VNIT) director SS Gokhale when he met him during the visit to the city.The areas of research include improvement in drinking water quality, developing infrastructure, minimizing environment pollution from economic activities, developing alternative energy sources and research in medicine to contain infectious diseases caused by viral outbreaks and parasitic infections.Banthia said that on the Indian front various reputed academic and R&D; institutions like the Roorkee, Hyderabad, Delhi and Bombay IITs will be roped in to work with the University of British Columbia and other institutions at Toronto and Alberta. As of now the project has identified Reliance Industries and the Stewols Industry from Nagpur as industrial partners.The proposal for IC-Impacts already submitted to the Canadian government is due for final review by representatives from the two governments on February 23.R&D; Areas ChosenWater - Research on water quality assessment, waterborne pathogen detection, quality monitoring, water treatment and developing sewage separation infrastructureInfrastructure - Structural condition assessment, capacity strengthening, seismic retrofitting, remediation of deterioration in infrastructure, strategic infrastructure upgrading-dams, ports, bridges and railwaysEnvironment - Treating agricultural water pollution, reducing thermal energy production causing air pollution, developing low carbon foot print construction materials and waste water management from industriesEnergy - Developing alternative energy solutions, solar cells based on thin films and improvement in photovoltaic technologies, power distribution and supply solutionsInfectious Diseases - Developing diagnostics and evolving broad spectrum treatments, novel malaria treatments and diagnostics, multiple infection diagnosis", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11969170", "title": "Shantaram Naik slams BJP\u2019s manifesto", "text": "PANAJI: Referring to the BJP virtually promising the sky to the electorate in its manifesto including 1,000 per month to housewives, Congress spokesman and Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik said that BJP has no moral authority to speak of the welfare of women when they have not fielded any woman candidate for the ensuing elections.Naik said that BJP manifesto says \"legal mining to be regulated\" but does not give any assurance for stopping illegal mining. Incidentally, Dinar Tarcar who was reportedly named by opposition leader Manohar Parrikar in his public accounts committee report in illegal mining, is the MGP-BJP alliance candidate in St Cruz.Naik said evacuee matter of Mayem is the concern of all political parties and, some of these matters are pending in court. In such circumstances, giving the electorate a promise of resolving the evacuee matter in hundred days \"means and implies that Mr Parrikar perhaps, intends to usurp the powers of courts to pass judgments and decrees\".Naik said making a populist assurance that villagers would not have to pay house tax, would imply the state government proposing to amend the Panchayati Raj Act to deprive panchayats from collecting house tax and the same would violate the spirit of the 73rd amendment.Assembly elections news 2012Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11970910", "title": "City girl bags top spot in State Science Talent Search exam", "text": "JAIPUR: Sristhi Jain, a class X student of St Xavier's School, has brought laurels to the city by bagging first position in State Science Talent Search Examination, the results of which were announced on Monday. The exam was organized by state department of science and technology.\"The result has come barely few days before my class X exam. It has filled me with confidence for attaining 10 Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA), besides raising the expectations from me,\" said an elated Jain.Jain has a long list of achievements to her name. She scored a second position in the NTSE all India rank in 2010 followed by selection in top 36 for the junior Science Olympiad camp held at the Homi Bhabha Institute. She defines success as going through the path of achievements and failures to attain the final goal. \"So far, all my dreams and aspirations have been accomplished,\" said Jain.\"I wish to do my engineering in computer science from Massachusetts Institute of Technology , USA, and then pursue a career in the field of science and technology,\" Jain revealed, who reads non-fictional books and watches news channels daily.Space astronaut Kalpana Chawala is her role model as she dreamt of touching the stars and did it. \"There are very few people in the world who bridge the gap between dreams and reality and I wish to be one of them,\" added Jain with confidence.\"The success in such competitions boosts the confidence of students. Its gives them an opportunity to showcase their talent which sets the tone for competing in tougher exams,\" CK Punnoose, vice principal of the school, said.Eight other students from various schools in the city made to the top 20 league.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11971482", "title": "Vidarbha gears up to welcome NIMZ", "text": "NAGPUR: In a move which may enthuse the business class and make activists see red, the state government has initiated steps to acquire 6,000 hectares near the city. If taken in a single patch, as preferred, the area would be equivalent to one-fourth of Nagpur city within the current municipal limits.Following a policy mooted by the central government, Maharashtra is taking a lead in setting up national manufacturing and investment zones (NIMZ), which are to come up in huge tracts of land. However, given the size of land required, even those involved in the process find NIMZ to be a far cry as on now.Although there are plans to have more than one in the state, preference is being given to Vidarbha, owing to poor industrial growth of the region. Recently, a team of senior officials from Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) toured the district. The district administration offered them three sites, including Mouda-Kamptee, Narkhed and Kuhi.A preference was given to the site at Kuhi, which is around 30km from the city. \"The MIDC team found Kuhi option to be the best and gave its initial consent,\" said district collector Saurabh Rao to TOI, who added that the project is however, still in a preliminary stage. Factors such as likely rates to be offered, water availability and connectivity to highways will be considered before taking a final decision.There is a large tract of irrigated land, which will require a higher compensation, in the Mouda-Kamptee area, and Narkhed has sizeable areas of minor forest land, which leaves Kuhi as the most viable option. The Kuhi area will require eviction of at least 14 villages, and the deal can be finalized at a reasonable price for the land too, he said.Rao, however, agreed that acquisition is a difficult task especially in the light of proposed land acquisition law and general opposition to the process. However, if it materializes, the project will provide a major economic boost to the region as well as the local area where it comes up, he said.State's industrial secretary K Shivaji, who confirmed the development, said the state government is keen to have NIMZ in Vidarbha. Shivaji refuted concerns over difficulty in acquiring land and said the NIMZ will come up as a massive industrial township.Apart from the manufacturing units it will also house a sizeable population with the latest infrastructure, he said. About the possibility of investments being attracted to such a huge area, he said it is not a problem in Maharashtra.However, there have been concerns from activists and a section of industrialists. Kishore Tiwari of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti calls it a colossal waste. \"The Mihan SEZ is yet to attract a sizeable number of investors, so there is a little scope for the 6,000-hectare NIMZ to be filled within reasonable time,\" he said.Vice-president of MIDC Industries Association Mayank Shukla said even the additional Butibori MIDC estate spread over 1,500 hectares has not shaped up yet. The government is yet to take possession of the land, so attracting industries is still a long way off. Even the existing Butibori estate has many vacant plots, he said.However, Pravin Tapadia, former president of Vidarbha Industries Association said NIMZ will be a booster for the economy. \"Such measures are needed to boost competitiveness of local industries in the global market. As far as density of population is concerned, rural areas are sparsely populated and acquiring barren land cannot be a problem,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11969765", "title": "Power shutdown in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Tuesday from 9am to 5pm.Gummidipoondi: Part of Gummidipoondi Sipcot, Gummidipoondi, Elavoor, Rettambedu.Teynampet: Muthaiyah St, Babu St, V V Koil St, Parthasarathy Pettai, Ellaiamman colony, Eldams Rd, Jayammal Rd, Elanga salai, Poes Rd 1 to 4th St, Varatharaja Puram, Pillaiyar Koil St, M.A.Garden, M M Garden, Venkatarathanam Rd, Kasturi Rangan Rd, Kasturi EState 1 to 3rd St, Poes garden, Parthasarathy garden, JJ Rd, Sriman Srinivasa Rd, Venus colony 1, 2nd St, T V Salai, Bharathiyar salai, V O CSt, Bakthavachalam St, Kamaraj St, Kamaraj salai, Periyar salai, Venkatraman St, K.B.Dasan Rd, Mount Rd, Seethammal Rd, Appadurai St, Anna Salai, Giriappa Rd, T V K Colony, V R C Rd, Vallan St, Jaganathan St, Beerkaran St.Avadi: Thirumullaivoyal, Railway car shed, Senthil Nagar, Vaishnavi Nagar, police quarters, Avadi, C.T.H.Rd, N.M.Rd, Kannikapuram, Gandhi Nagar, Cavarapalayam, Telephone Exchange, Shivasahkthi nagar, Balaji Nagar, Manikandapuram.Red Hills: Red Hills GNT Rd, Naravarikuppam, Padianallur, Sothupakkam, Alinjivakkam, Vilangadupakkam, Kossapur, Sendrambakkam,Theeyampakkam, Sirungavur, Theerthakaraiyan pattu, Palavoyal.Pammal: Pammal, Anna Salai, Anakaputhur, Nagalkeni, Pozhichalur, Shankar Nagar, Cowl Bazaar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11968637", "title": "Water Board\u2019s STP project in Lingam Kunta kicks up row", "text": "HYDERABAD: After Hussainsagar and Taj Banjara Lake, it is now the Lingam Kunta in Chanda Nagar in Ranga Reddy district that has fallen prey to a state government-backed Sewerage Treatment Plant (STP) project. And much like in the case of the others, here too the STP is being constructed right in the middle of the lakebed __ on its full tank level (FTL). While the Andhra Pradesh High Court had issued a directive restraining authorities from going ahead with the project in November last year, local activists from the area rue how work at the site is still on. The STP is being built by the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply &amp; Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;).\"Only last week, we had noticed some dumping activity near the water body. The workers admitted they were deployed by the water board,\" said Rajkumar Singh who had, in 2010, filed a petition against the government department for tampering with the lake. The court order of 2011 was issued against his PIL. Now, with water board officials refusing to move out of the area and even claiming that the High Court judgment was in fact passed in its (HMWS&SB;) favour, Singh has decided to file a contempt of court case against the department on Tuesday.Originally spread over a massive area of 20 acres, the water body has now been reduced to half over the last few years. Apart from illegal residential complexes, even religious structures have been erected on the lake area, say locals. Predictably, this new project that is part of a Rs 200 crore-worth venture undertaken by the HMWS&SB; would further eat into the water spread, they add.\"And this is being constructed when there is no need for a STP here. A lesser expensive sewerage diversion pipe would have been enough to resolve the issue of sewage flowing into the lake,\" said Jasveen Jairath, founder convener of Save Our Urban Lakes (SOUL) pointing out how the Taj Banjara Lake too has been `killed' by the water board the same way. \"Here also, the department has unnecessarily undertaken a STP project when there is also a pipeline being laid to drain the sewage out of the area. Just because there is a certain amount earmarked for such projects does not mean you build STPs that too on the FTL of lakes for no reason,\" Jairath added. She also stressed on how the `custodians' of safe drinking water (the water board) were themselves working towards further reducing the water table by encroaching on lakes.S Jeevanand Reddy, well-known environmentalist from the city is, however, not surprised. Noting how the government has ruined the Hussainsagar by allowing commercial activity not just on the FTL of the lake but also on the 30 metre (from the FTL, which is also supposed to be remain untouched as per a Supreme Court order) buffer zone, he said that the government offices have always been negligent towards Hyderabad's water bodies.When contacted HMWS&SB; officials, however, claimed that all was well at the Lingam Kunta and they had committed no contempt of court. \"The STP is near the lake not on it. Also, the court order was in our favour. It is only being misinterpreted by the petitioner,\" said Y Anjani Kumar, general manager, project division (VIII) passing the blame of filling the water body, on the locals of the area. \"It is the people of the neighbouring area who want to construct a community hall at the site where the STP is set to come up, trying to rake up a controversy over the issue. By turning this into a court case, these people want to win back this land from the government,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11971621", "title": "66 notorious centres under radar as exams kick off", "text": "NAGPUR: Board exams this year will not only test the preparation of students, but also of board officials who have been asked to keep tabs on notorious examination centres in the state. 66 examination centres have been identified as notorious centres (NC) in the Nagpur region (which includes six districts) and local authorities have been alerted to keep a stricter vigil.The nearest NC to Nagpur city is in Ramtek, which has earned the dubious reputation of having three of those. Chandrapur district, with 18 NC is at the top, while Nagpur district is at the bottom with 11 NC. Board officials term a centre as notorious if more than five copying cases were detected in the previous academic year board exams (summer and winter).Anil Pardhi, divisional board secretary, said, \"We would like to first wish students all the best and also remind them to stay away from malpractices. In Nagpur region there will be a total of 383 centres where almost 1.77 lakh students will appear for the exam. Local authorities plus our own squads will be vigilant to track copying cases.\"The board has been very aggressive in dealing with cases of malpractices during exams and 69 flying squads will be spread over the region, in addition to local staff, to catch offenders. The board had warned earlier that apart from students caught copying, action will also be taken against teachers if a pattern is detected. But the Vidarbha Shikshak Sangh (VSS) feels that this proposed step is erroneous.Purshottam Panchbhai, officer bearer of VSS, said, \"If a student is caught copying how can you relate it to the invigilator present? There is no proof that the teacher was aware of students carrying any chits. Plus it is impossible and impractical to physically check each and every student for chits or any thing that may give them an unfair advantage during the exams. The process of dealing with students caught copying is already mentioned in the board's guidelines, there is no need to go overboard.\"But there have been perceptions of teachers' involvement at notorious exam centres in what the board officials call 'copying pattern'. In this the answers to certain questions are written on the board by the teacher and students copy it blatantly. This blatant copying results in similar answer sheets thus clearly showing a copying pattern.Officials hope that with the strict implementation of anti-copying measure the HSC 2012 exams give a better performance.Nagpur region stats for HSCDistricts: Nagpur, Chandrapur, Bhandara, Gondia, Gadchiroli, WardhaExam centres: 383Notorious centre: 66Male students: 90,113Female students: 86,437", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11969248", "title": "Delhi road accident: Shocked kin allege cover-up to save IFS officer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sultan Singh's family could have never expected their life to change so drastically within a few minutes. The 48-year-old assistant vice-president of a financial MNC, who got killed on Monday morning, was to carry the shagun of the eldest of his three daughters to Sahibabad three hours later. But the family did not stop him from going for a morning walk with his friend - 53-year-old Raghu Verma Rajan who reached Delhi three days ago to attend the wedding.\"We came to know about the accident after we received a call from Bangalore from his (Rajan's) family, telling us that Rajan was admitted at the AIIMS Trauma Centre. When we rushed to the hospital, he was declared dead by doctors,'' said Lokesh, Singh's nephew.Singh's family said his wife Savitri and three daughters - Suraksha, Poornima and Bharti - were in shock. \"The wedding was scheduled for February 24. He was a dotting father and it is so difficult to believe he is no more,'' Lokesh said. The family alleged a cover-up and said there was \"more to the incident than what is being claimed by the cops.''Singh's would-be son-in-law, Kush Kapoor, alleged that the police were trying to save the official of the external affairs ministry. \"The accident took place at 6am and the official had registered a case of vehicle theft three hours later. We saw a milk can inside the car. We were initially told by cops that the cleaner had taken away the car. Later, they said the car was 'stolen' from the officer's house. We suspect a cover-up. We want justice,\" Kapoor said. The police, however, denied the allegations.Singh's wife, Savitri, was at a loss for words. \"Marrying them off is a huge responsibility and with my husband not around, this task will become very difficult. They are powerful people but please ensure justice for us,'' she told TOI.Back at AIIMS, Gulshan Bashist, another relative of Singh, said the police had registered an FIR but was not allowing them to speak to the officers concerned. \"Rajan's body has been claimed by a relative in Delhi. He will be flown back to Bangalore for his last rites,\" said Bashist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11970803", "title": "JDA plans interlocking tiles at major junctions", "text": "JAIPUR: To get rid of the issue of road damages due to water-logging at many places, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) is planning to install interlocking tiles before this monsoon.The JDA has identified four important junctions where the interlocking tiles will be installed. \"Before this monsoon, we are planning to instal these titles at Khasa Khoti, Government Hostel, Banasthali Marg and Church Road. The estimated cost for all four junctions is Rs 5 crore and we would be inviting tenders before the rainy season,\" said an official.\"This is for the first time that interlocking tiles will be installed in junctions. The tender will be invited with in 15-days and we will complete the roads before coming monsoon,\" said an executive engineer.Explaining the advantages of interlocking tiles, he said the gap between these blocks allows seepage of water into the ground. So water does not collect at the spot even if drains are blocked. This helps to increase water table while reducing chances of accidents due to skidding on wet roads. \"At Khasa Khoti junction due to slopes in rainy season water-logging remains for long, and this would be a permanent solution. For now, JDA is planning to install tiles on 30 metres on either side at Government hostel. Also, nearly 25 metres at church road will be replaced with interlocking titles.\"Though more expensive than tar, interlocking blocks give long-term safe roads. The laying of blocks is also easy. Though it might be argued that these tiles sink after prolonged use, it can be remedied by proper ramming and compaction during installation. These kinds of roads will provide a better aesthetic dimension to our roads and green trees paved alongside will have a better chance of survival.Making comparison with cement concrete (CC) roads, an official said: Cement concrete roads needs watering for at least 30 days which is not possible and it's not possible to stop traffic for so long on these important junctions. The installation of these titles will only take 2-3 days. Also, the blocks can be removed and replaced without any machinery if there is any need to undertake digging works. Besides, usage of different colour blocks can beautify squares.The JDA is also looking possibilities to install the interlocking titles in the colonies as roads inside the colonies are easily damaged within 6 months due to waterlogging. The contractors, in the letter, have suggested that the authorities should install interlocking tiles so that water can seep in the soil without coming on to the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11971590", "title": "Aspiring lecturer Sheetal is youngest ever corporator", "text": "NAGPUR: Until recently, Sheetal Gangadhar Gharat had aspired to become a lecturer. Instead, at 22, Sheetal is the youngest ever corporator in Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) representing Garoba Maidan ward.A delighted Sheetal told TOI she was doing M.Ed from Vasantrao Shikshan Mahavidyalaya with an aim to enter teaching profession. \"I am very happy to become a corporator and would make efforts for the development of my ward. It is also a matter of privilege to hear that I am a youngest among 145 corporators,\" she said.Sheetal was born on September 22, 1989, making her 22 years and five months old at the time of election. She thus got better of leader of ruling party Praveen Datke who was first elected as corporator at the age of 23. Datke, born on February 23, 1979, was first elected when elected in 2002. In the outgoing body, Kamlesh Chaudhary, corporator from Veterinary College, was the youngest and was also 23-year-old when elected in 2007. A person has to be 21 to contest for corporation election.Sheetal's elder brother Nitin is an activist of Shiv Sena for the last four years and close associate of district chief Shekhar Sawarbandhe. Gharat family belongs to Mana community that comes under ST category. Nitin and Sheetal are both active in community. Like every political party, Sena too had trouble finding a right female ST candidate. Nitin approached Sawarbandhe for ticket from Kalamna that too was reserved for ST candidate. Sawarbandhe instead asked him whether he knew any woman of ST category as Sena was allotted Garoba Maidan ward. Nitin suggested Sheetal's name and she was on.\"Sheetal was very happy when I requested her to contest the election. My father Gangadhar, a policeman posted at Wardha, agreed. I am grateful to Sawarbandhe and workers of Sena from Garoba Maidan ward who extended all help,\" said Nitin.Sheetal was new to the ward as she lived in Dighori in South Nagpur. Garoba Maidan is in Gandhibagh Zone, Central Nagpur. The other candidate with her was BJP's Anil Dhawade. That was something of double-edged sword. He is very popular in the ward so that helped her. But he also carried criminal taint. Besides, Sheetal was in straight fight with Congress candidate Kiran Sayam. Sheetal went on to secure 7,005 votes while her rival got 5,447 votes. In the end, she got ahead of even Dhawade who got only 4,362 as there wee 10 contestants against him.\"I will continue my studies and achieve my master's degree. I will visit my ward daily as it is just 5 km from my home. I will try to improve basic services in my ward, specially NMC schools. Dhawade is very good person and will take his support,\" said Sheetal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11975107", "title": "Maddy doesn\u2019t kiss and tell", "text": "There's a story going around that Madhavan's penchant for Punjabi food and onions sent Bipasha Basu fleeing after a kissing scene for their latest film.However, a little birdie tells us otherwise. Apparently, there was only one kissing scene in the film's script initially and later another one was incorporated. Says a source close to the unit, \"Bipasha is very hesitant to kiss on screen but she readily agreed to kiss Maddy. And when she was asked whether she's ok with another kiss being added on, she was totally cool about it.\"The source also adds that Maddy is apparently a good kisser. This is not the first time, however, that the Kollywood actor has kissed on screen. In fact, his kiss with Vidya Balan in Mani Ratnam's film, Guru, is supposedly one of the most viewed on a networking site. When we contacted Maddy to confirm the story about Bipasha, he refused to comment on it. Well, it looks like the actor definitely doesn't kiss and tell!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11968581", "title": "Mumbai varsity PhDs dip by 60%", "text": "MUMBAI: At a time when the country is working on increasing the count of its PhD fellows, the contribution from the University of Mumbai (MU) has dipped by close to 60% in the past four years. The highest drop among doctoral graduates is in the pure science streams.From 2008 to 2011, the number of PhD degrees awarded fell from 325 to 134, as per information provided by the MU's thesis department to RTI activist Anil Galgali. Several streams like commerce, human physiology, medicine, labour studies, molecular biology, geology and African studies had no takers.University officials blamed the dip on falling interest among students in pursuing a PhD . But many other senior academicians felt that it was the research quality that mattered and not the headcount.\"For close to a year in the period under question, the varsity was not functioning normally. There wasn't a full-time vice-chancellor and the elections to several academic bodies were due. Hence, the research and recognition committee (which clears PhD proposals and conducts vivas for graduating PhDs) was not in place for almost a year,\" said a senior Mumbai university official. He said he has cleared thousands of PhD proposals in the last one year and vivas for outgoing PhD fellows were being held on daily basis.Faculty in the chemistry department, which saw the sharpest fall from 85 fellows in 2008 to 20 in 2011, said it was due to a faculty member who had retired and some others who had superannuated.\"There is no fall in interest of students wanting to do a PhD in chemistry,\" said V R Ajgaonkar from the department. Heads of several other schools noted that it was not correct to compare the annual PhD output of a university.\"The PhD isn't a tenured course. It depends on the individual pace of the student and the guide. Even one great PhD can change the course of how one lives,\" said a faculty.Anitha Kurup, an associate professor at the National Institute of Advanced Studies, and Jagdish Arora, director, Information and Library Network Centre, who collated information on PhDs from across India between 1998 and 2007, found that Delhi is the PhD capital of the country.Meanwhile, it was found that Delhi is the PhD capital of India as in the last decade, it has produced over 73% (7,872) of the total doctoral theses in the country. Uttar Pradesh is a distant second (5,421) followed by Maharashtra 8% (3,942).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11971006", "title": "Mean machines, adult entertainment", "text": "60-Plus Men On Super Bikes Show It Ain't Too Old To Hit The RoadAHMEDABAD: Jayanti Mewada, 68, is the happiest man on earth. Last month, his son Mahesh bought him a super bike - a 650-cc machine. Twice a week he leaves behind his Merc at his Prahladnagar home to enjoy long drives on his Hyosung ST7, a cruiser bike, along the SG highway.Narendra Verma, 62, a Vadodara-based industrialist, booked a Harley Davidson last week and is still waiting for his big moment. Verma had gone to a bank where he saw a sales event of the bike and booked it despite his wife's frowns.\"I remember driving a Harley in the US 30 years back. So when I saw a few men standing with the bike outside a bank last week, I relived those days,\" says Verma, who runs a chemical unit.Mewada, Verma and many like them are scripting a story for this new-age 'Motorcycle Dairies'. Inspired by biker Bachchan in 'Bbuddha Hoga Tera Baap', these 60-plus men have fallen in love with super bikes.\"I have to resist excitement that comes with the attention I get on the bike... I always stay below 100 km per hour,\" says Mewada, who takes turns driving the mean machine with son Mahesh, a pharma enterpreneur.There is another Mewada family on the same trip. Siddharth Mewada, 33, has gifted his 60-year-old father Deepak a super bike. \"I felt it will take time for him to adjust, but he proved me wrong,\" says his son, who works with an IT company.Bike makers too are surprised by the 60-plus clientele. \"The bikes are heavy and powerful, and we earlier believed it's the young who will go for it. But now these men in their evening years have proved us wrong. They are more enthusiastic about bikes than some young professionals. These men are a new market for us,\" says Shivapada Ray, GM, sales and marketing, Garware Motors.(Inputs from Dayananda Yumlembam)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "prasanna s borkar", "code": "11971563", "title": "New faces on the block", "text": "Prasanna S Borkar: Won from Gopal Nagar ward-70 in Laxmi Nagar Zone, South-West Nagpur. Contested as Congress candidate from SC (open) seat. He is 50 years old and a resident of Gopal Nagar. He is a land developer by profession and has completed BComRita A Mule: Won from Sakkardara ward-60 in Hanuman Nagar, South Nagpur. Contested as BJP candidate from women (open) seat. She is the wife of outgoing corporator Ashok. She is 33 years old and a housewife. She is a resident of Dattatray Nagar, Bidipeth. She is HSC passRajshri S Pannase: Won from Airport ward-72 in Laxmi Nagar Zone, South-West Nagpur. Contested as Congress candidate from women (OBC) seat. She is 30 years old and a resident of Pannase layout, Bhamti. She is a housewife and has completed her BAPallavi A Shamkule: Won from Khamla ward-69, Laxmi Nagar Zone, South-West Nagpur. Contested as BJP candidate from women (OBC) seat. She is 32 years old and a resident of Ashok Colony, Khamla. She is the owner of a rice mill. She had completed MSc-IAshwini J Jichkar: Won from VNIT ward-54, Dharampeth Zone, West Nagpur. Contested as BJP candidate from women (open) seat. She is 39 years old and a resident of Gandhi Nagar. She is a homemaker and has completed BAVishaka B Maind: Won from Shankar Nagar ward-52, Dharampeth Zone, West Nagpur unopposed. She was BJP candidate from women (OBC) seat. She is 45 years old and a resident of Zenda square, Dharampeth. She is a housewife, who has completed MA and BEd. She is the wife of outgoing corporator Baba MaindYogesh S Tiwari: Won from Medical ward-49 in Hanuman Nagar, South Nagpur. Contested as Congress candidate from open seat. He is 42 years old and a resident of Chandan Nagar. He is a Congress leader and secretary of city Congress committeeHarshala M Sable: Won from Gandhisagar ward-27 in Dhantoli Zone, Central Nagpur. Contested as Congress candidate from women (open) and defeated mayor Archana Dehankar. She is 39 years old and a resident of Cotton Market, Shaniwari. She is wife of outgoing corporator Manoj and has completed BA-ISandip C Jadhav: Won from Vayusena Nagar ward-24 in Dharampeth Zone, West Nagpur. Contested as BJP candidate from SC (open) seat. He is 43 years old and a resident of Amravati road, Bharat Nagar. He has completed HSC and diploma from Industrial Training InstituteDr Safalta Y Ambatkar: Won from Jail Ward-51 in Dhantoli Zone, West Nagpur. Contested as BJP candidate from women (OBC) seat. She is 44 years old and a resident of Dhantoli. She is a doctor and has also completed DGO", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11971192", "title": "Looking for a job? Paper CV is out, mail video resume", "text": "WASHINGTON: Two Indian-American entrepreneurs are attempting to make the traditional paper resume a thing of the past by connecting the job seeker and the employer through video resumes.The Palo Alto Mayor, Yiaway Yeh, and several other top corporate leaders of the city - which is known as the heart of the Silicon Valley - lined up last Thursday in its downtown to inaugurate the new office of GetHired.Com, which currently has just 14 employees. Less than three weeks ago, on January 30, the duo Suki Shah and Naresh Patel announced having raised $1.75 million in an oversubscribed round of seed funding for their GetHired. Com; which is said to be the most comprehensive video-based social recruiting platform and job board.Shah argues that GetHired.com is the first job board to embed video capabilities directly into its social recruiting platform so that job seekers can record and submit personal, dynamic responses to an employer's most pressing pre-screening questions at the start of the hiring process. As a result, employers are able to quickly find top candidates with good communication skills who are a culturally fit for their organization, he notes.\"Located in the heart of Silicon Valley, businesses in Palo Alto have always been at the forefront of innovation when facing today's most challenging problems,\" Yeh said. \"It is exciting that a local company has reinvented how employers and job seekers connect in today's digital world,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11971424", "title": "'Toothless' regional tiger cell meets today", "text": "NAGPUR: With time running out for tigers and wildlife in particular due to poaching and the shrinking habitat, the regional tiger cell will meet on Tuesday after a gap of nine months to address various issues.PK Mahajan, deputy conservator of forests (DyCF) for Nagpur division and member-secretary of the cell, said this is the 12th meeting and will be held at 4.30 pm at Van Sabhagruha, Seminary Hills.The meet will be chaired by special IGP Rajinder Singh. It will be attended by divisional forest officers (DFOs), MSEDCL officials and superintendents of police from Gondia, Nagpur, Gadchiroli, Wardha, Chandrapur and Bhandara districts. Member-NGOs including Prafulla Bhamburkar of the Wildlife Trust of India (WTI), Nitin Desai of Wildlife Protection Society of India (WPSI), Harshawardhan Dhanwatey of Tiger Research and Conservation Trust (TRACT) and Kundan Hate have also been invited.The regional tiger cell meeting should be held every three months but it's not been happening. The cell was formed in 2000. The last meeting was held on April 11, 2011.Mahajan said the meeting could not be called early as the officials concerned were busy with recruitment of forest guards and later with the winter session of the state legislature followed by the zilla parishad, municipal council and corporation elections.\"We will approve the minutes of the last meeting and discuss strategy on wildlife protection and better coordination,\" Mahajan added.Meanwhile, conservationists have expressed grave concern over lack of action on a host of decisions taken by the cell in the past. They want the cell to take issues seriously. \"Such meets should not end up as mere tea sessions,\" a member felt.The cell has failed to act on many decisions taken for wildlife protection including curbing and nailing culprits in illegal fishing in Pench, forming a special committee to look into skin seizure cases, preventive action against habitual offenders, operations against Baheliyas and checking 'musafir registers' with police patils.In the last meeting it was decided that police station diaries will have a special column for wildlife crime and police personnel will take part in the tiger estimation exercise, but the decision remains only on paper.\"As the cell meetings are not held at regular intervals, every time a new Special IGP chairs the meet. This leads to a fresh discussion on issues,\" said one of the members.They added that many wild animals continue to be poached for meat and body parts. The meat is openly sold in weekly markets in rural area but officials' action is not forthcoming. \"These illegal activities only go to show that due to lack of coordination between the forest department, the police and NGOs, the results are nil. These cells have become clawless,\" moaned conservationists.Decisions Only On Paper* FDCM, which has a large forest area under its jurisdiction, not invited to meetings* Decision on expert group of police and forest officials in vulnerable Gadchiroli, Chandrapur, Gondia, Wardha, Amravati, Nagpur, Bhandara, Thane and Mumbai not taken* Decision on secret funds hanging by fire* No special cell for handling wildlife crime cases. Joint forest and MSEDCL teams too not formed* Several tiger poaching cases in Chandrapur not reopened as promised by the then Spl IGP SB Sawarkar* Police station diaries with special columns for wildlife crime pending. Cops too not part of the census exercise as decided", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11971059", "title": "50-yr-old retired soldier commits suicide", "text": "INDORE: A retired soldier reportedly committed suicide by hanging himself in his residence at Aradhna Nagar in the city on Sunday.Aerodrome police said Chandar Singh Chauhan, 50, was found dead by his son Bhawani Chauhan in the wee hours when he got up for study.On finding light of house kitchen on, Bhawani entered the kitchen to switch it off. But he was in for shock to find hs father lying dead on the floor, the police said. The police said the death was caused due to hanging, and the rope used by Chandar snapped after sometime due to his weight. A liquor bottle was found near the body. No suicide note was recovered from the spot. The police have sent his body to the district hospital for post-mortem.Quoting his family members, the police said Chandar was doing well in his life. His eldest son is in the army and posted in Kolkata while the other one is pursuing studies in Indore. Chandar, who had retired from the army, was working at Mhow. The deceased had come to home on leave. The police said he did not report for duty even after five days of completion of his leave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11969657", "title": "Young SI who caught a bunk robber rewarded", "text": "CHENNAI: A probationary sub-inspector who overpowered an armed robber, who was part of a gang involved in a fuel outlet robbery, has been rewarded.Rajkumar is a member of the batch of 1,061 SI trainees who took the oath of allegiance four days ago. He joined as an officer at Kadampuliyur police station. C Sylendra Babu, inspector general of police (North zone), commended the young inductee for his actions and presented him with a cash award on Monday.The incident relates to a robbery by three men, who forced open the shutter of a petrol bunk at Kollukkarankuttai near Panruti around 4 am on Sunday morning, tied up employees Karthikeyan and Shanmugam, and fled with Rs 55,000. Lorry driver Gopalakrishnan, who came to the bunk after the incident, said he saw three persons walking away and suspected them to be the robbers. He alerted the police. A team comprising SI Gunaseelan, probationary SI Rajkumar and two constables set out to the nab the gang. While Gopalakrishnan managed to get an iron rod and chase the robbers when they approached him, he was shot in the leg. SI Rajkumar, however, managed to overpower robber R Selvam but sustained an injury on his arm. Police managed to trace two other robbers through Selvam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11971665", "title": "Relatives claim police van killed scrap dealer", "text": "NAGPUR: Scrap dealer Ramsingh Kushwah's death in a road mishap on Wadi road on Sunday night led to some tension at Gittikhadan police station on Monday afternoon. The relatives alleged the killer vehicle was a police van and staged a protest with Kushwah's body at the police station.After the post mortem on Monday afternoon, the relatives brought the body in an autorickshaw and kept the body in the police station premises till 6pm. Later, after being convinced by senior cops, the relatives took the body out of the police station but continued their protest outside the police station for a few hours.The protest ended after corporator Jagdish Gwalbanshi met senior police officials and asked for an immediate investigation in the case.According to police reports, Kushwah was heading to his residence at Ganga Nagar on his bicycle when he was knocked dead by an unidentified vehicle. Cops have mentioned the complainant's name as Sushil Sahoo, who saw the accident.As per the police report, Kushwah and Sahoo were riding their bicycles side by side when the mishap took place. However, Sahoo claims that he was almost 100 meters away from Kushwah when the accident took place.Sahoo, who claims to have witnessed the accident, said that Kushwah was hit from behind by a rashly driven white police van. \"Before anyone could come forward to help, two people, one dressed in khaki uniform and the other in a white shirt, came out and took the injured Kushwah to the hospital in their van,\" said Sahoo.Sahoo said that a security guard of a school, who also witnessed the accident, has noted the killer vehicle's number. \"We have given the number to the cops but they haven't taken efforts to trace the vehicle,\" said Sahoo.After the daylong protest, police assured a probe in the case while the relatives said they will perform the last rituals on Tuesday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "aluva", "code": "11970451", "title": "Thousands throng Aluva Shivaratri site", "text": "ALUVA: Amidst chanting and prayers, thousands of devotees performed rituals on the sand bank of Periyar River to mark their respect of ancestors from Monday evening. Devotees as well as natives were provided all facilities to conduct rituals and security was beefed up for the event.Devotees have performed 'balitharpanam' at the venues put up for it by Travancore Devaswom Board and Advaithashramam. The Devaswom board set up 400 'balitharas' while Advaithashramam offered 'balitharpanam' for 2,000 devotees simultaneously.I G Padmakumar inaugurated the temporary police station and the control room on the sand bank and monitored the security arrangements. Nearly 1,500 police personnel along with personnel from fire force and Navy were deployed in the area. The police,under the supervision of rural SP K P Philip took control of the venue from 3 pm and kept vigil to avert any untoward incidents.\"We have taken control of the whole venue for a smooth and peaceful festival. Any kinds of emergency services are available for the needy anywhere at the venue,\" Circle Inspector S Jayakrishnan said. Due to security concern, the temporary bridge is also being strictly monitored with the police allowing only 400 people on it at a time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11971747", "title": "AMC turns a blind eye towards prevailing insanitation in city areas", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The twin areas of Naya Purwa and Nihalpur is grappling with insanitary conditions for the past several days as the Allahabad Municipal Corporation has turned a blind eye towards the woes.A visit to these places presents a festering picture of utter neglect as piles of garbage is seen strewn at different places of both these localities. The meandering lanes of these localities are characterized by uneven potholed paths dotted with dumped garbage, cow dungs and dirty drains flowing on both the sides. The drains flowing across the convoluting lanes has become a breeding ground for the mosquitoes.To add to the woes of the people, the sanitary staff of the Allahabad Municipal Corporation do not regularly come to the area for cleaning the locality.Expressing his anger over the negligence of the Allahabad Municipal Corporation authorities, Ramesh Agarwal, resident of the area says \" You can see the piles of garbage that has accumulated near my house. It has been lying there for the past three days as no one from the Allahabad Municipal Corporation has come to lift the garbage. Due to the accumulation of the garbage, it has become a breeding place for the growth of mosquitoes. If the present state of affairs continues, then I have to hire private sanitary workers to clean the stuff.\"Another resident of the area Mohd Aslam remarked \"Allahabad Municipal Corporation sanitary staff do not come regularly to the area due to which there is continuous problem of insanitation. There is acute problem of insanitation as there is absence of a large garbage bin in the area where people can throw garbage. As a result, piles of garbage can be seen lying scattered at different places in the locality.Rukhsana Begum, housewife residing in the dingy lanes of Nihalpur says that garbage accumulation has become a regular feature of this area. She says that due to the presence of a vegetable market nearby, lot of waste is generated. Even buffaloes sit in the vicinity. There is virtual hell like condition in this area.Rajesh Asthana, resident of Naya Purwa says that garbage is strewn in the entire area which is seldom cleaned by Allahabad Municipal Corporation sanitary staff. He also resented that though we pay the taxes to the Allahabad Municipal Corporation but it does not take steps for ensuring cleanliness of the area.Talking to TOI, city health officer of Allahabad Municipal Corporation Dr. SSP Verma says that it is the duty of the sanitary workers to clean the localities of the city. However, instructions would be issued for cleaning the effected localities which are grappling with insanitary conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11971660", "title": "'UT assistant estate officer wasn't at wheel'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even a day after the road accident, involving the UT assistant estate officer Rahul Gupta, Chandigarh police have not registered any case claiming three injured youths were not fit for giving their statement on Monday. Innova of Gupta has been impounded along with damaged motorcycle of the injured.Kuldeep, Amardeep and Sikandar of Ramdarbar were going towards Saketri from IT Park, Manimajra, when they were reportedly hit by Gupta's car near railway light point on Sunday night. The additional SHO of PS Manimajra, SI Ranjit Singh, said, \"It is confirmed that the car was being driven by the driver of assistant estate officer Gupta, but a case would be registered after receiving a complaint from any of the injured.\"Sources said, \"When incident took place, Rahul Gupta, his wife and a relative were in the car.\" Police have registered a daily dairy report (DDR) in this regard.\" Though immediately after the road accident, Kuldeep had claimed that Innova was at a high speed, police claimed Kuldeep has also refused to lodge his complaint. While Kuldeep fractured his right leg, Amardeep and Sikander suffered multiple injuries.Speeding car kills 59-yr-oldA 59-year-old supervisor with a security firm, Ramesh Chand of Mohali, died in a road accident at sectors 29-30 light point on Sunday night. He was sitting in a car, which was hit by another one speeding towards the light point. Police said Ramesh was sitting on the front passenger seat, but was not wearing a seat belt. He fell on the road and received severe head injuries and succumbed at GMCH-32.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11970062", "title": "MCC to crack whip on caterers", "text": "MANGALORE: The Mangalore City Corporation will soon send a missive to the zilla panchayat chief executive officer to direct the education department, which monitors the Akshara Dasoha mid-day meal scheme in schools, to ensure that the caterers have a valid trade licence and the food conform to food safety specifications.Corporation Commissioner Harish Kumar told TOI that the person who supplies food to St Joseph's Higher Primary High School, Kankanady, where 23 students fell ill after consuming mid-day meals on February 9, did not have a trade licence.\"In the absence of a licence, the corporation cannot initiate action against the caterer. The caterer had applied for a trade licence long ago and it was rejected on some grounds. In spite of that the caterer went ahead with supplying food under the scheme,'' Kumar said. He said the school has the responsibility to check whether the caterer had a trade licence.Except 27 out 348 schools in the district, most of them are either served food by Iskcon or the schools themselves prepare food.ZP CEO Vijay Prakash said he has mandated the Akshara Dasoha education officer to strictly monitor food quality.He said the safety wing of the health department has been asked to check the quality of food where it is being outsourced and also randomly conduct inspection where it is being supplied by Iskcon and where schools themselves prepare it. \"Since it is the first incident, the caterer has been given warning. In case of any such incidents in future, the caterer's association with Akshara Dasoha will be stopped and alternate arrangements will be made for meals at the schools,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-21"}
