{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16870740", "title": "Anti-graft campaign: Uncivil war rages in civil society", "text": "MUMBAI: After days of high-decibel revelations against politicians by document-waving anti-corruption crusaders, a new spectacle burst upon television screens on Thursday: a rancorous activist versus activist episode. Former IPS officer-turned-lawyer Y P Singh accused India Against Corruption (IAC) chief Arvind Kejriwal of sitting on information on the alleged violations and arbitrary land concessions granted in the construction of hill township Lavasa by Union minister Sharad Pawar and his nephew Ajit with an eye on his \"political goals\".\"We'd worked together on unearthing this scam for over two years. Kejriwal knew as much as 80% of these facts but instead of exposing one of the most controversial politicians of our times, he chose to target the BJP which, unlike the NCP, is a direct player in the upcoming polls in New Delhi,\" said Singh at a press conference.Calling Kejriwal an opportunist, Singh claimed that although the Magsaysay award winner was on a panel of experts examining the controversial township since 2009, he chose to selectively target BJP president Nitin Gadkari based on \"legally incorrect\" information.On Wednesday, Kejriwal and IAC had gone after BJP chief Nitin Gadkari over alleged land misappropriation in Vidarbha with help from the government.Waving documents, Singh claimed then irrigation minister Ajit Pawar allotted 348 acres of irrigation land to Lake City Corporation, as Lavasa was known as originally, at a paltry rent of Rs 23,000 a month for 30 years. \"Part of this land was given by Pawar to a company where 20.81% shares were held by cousin Supriya and her husband Sadanand,\" the activist said.Not only this, Singh claimed that Sharad Pawar held a meeting at a Lavasa company guest house with Ajit and other government officials on July 14, 2007, where many concessions were granted to the mega project.The multi-crore township project has been facing both legal and environmental hurdles and the CAG estimates the various violations have led to a loss of Rs 41.33 crore.Refuting the charges, Sharad Pawar said his daughter did hold shares in the township and did attend a meeting on the project, but there was nothing wrong with it. He said he did not want to make further comments as the case is sub-judice.\"Instead of highlighting this mega scam, he (Kejriwal) chose to expose a damp squib based on frivolous facts,\" the lawyer said, drawing an analogy between Kejriwal and Adolf Hitler . \"While Hitler was bent on claiming power by decreeing rest as morally corrupt, Kejriwal, too, is doing the same to fulfill his political goals. These old political tricks will not work in these times,\" he said.The lawyer said his wife and fellow lawyer Abha Singh, who was present at the press meet, would follow up on the scam by moving the anti-corruption bureau.After the sudden attack, the IAC sought to paper over the rift, congratulating Singh for \"revelations\" against \"morally corrupt\" politicians. The issue should be limited to the scam perpetrated by the Pawars, instead of making it Arvind Kejriwal vs Y P Singh, it said in a statement. \"We have been saying this for long that Sharad Pawar is one of 15 ministers against whom Kejriwal, Sisodia and Gopal Rai were on fast for 10 days at Jantar Mantar from July 25. IAC congratulates Singh for his courage to speak up against such a powerful minister,\" it added.The shock in the group that is taking its first steps on the bumpy road of politics was apparent though. \"We don't know why Singh is making these allegations that IAC sat on the documentary evidence against Pawar. He is a friend,\" said an IAC member.A Lavasa official, when contacted, said there was nothing new in the allegations and they have been clarified many times. \"The 348 acres were given on a lease to Lavasa by the Maharashtra Krishna Valley Development Corporation and of this, 91% is under the water,\" said the official.The NCP dismissed the allegations as a bid to gain cheap publicity. \"NCP MP Supriya Sule and her husband are in no way connected with Lavasa. They were shareholders of Yashomala Leasing and Finance (P) Ltd, which was amalgamated with Lake City Corporation in 2002 by a court order,\" said a spokersperson.\"The Sules sold off their share to various persons and entities back in 2003, and not 2006 as is being alleged... Supriya and Sadanand were at no time directors at the Lake City Corporation,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16872146", "title": "Moms sell breast milk online, doctors ring alarm bells", "text": "LONDON: Mothers in the UK and the US are selling their breast milk using community forums, including Facebook, to make some quick cash, despite serious concerns that it could be harmful for babies. Buying breast milk is tempting to new parents struggling to express their own, as it provides babies with better protection against illnesses and allergies compared to formula.\"Our discrete breastfeeding breast milk classified system makes it possible to sell or buy breast milk in a clean, private way,\" a website was quoted by the Daily Mail as saying. Donors list their milk under the age of their baby and if they can provide fresh milk on demand.It was revealed that women from Essex to Newcastle are offering it either fresh or frozen for around 1 per fluid ounce, while $2 per ounce is the standard rate in the US.But doctors in Germany have warned against privately obtaining their baby's food through social networks. The Professional Association of Pediatricians said that although breast milk is generally the best option for newborns, mothers unable to breastfeed should not turn to the internet. \"Donors can be taking medicines or drugs, have illnesses like AIDS or Hepatitis,\" Wolfram Hartmann, president of the association, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16872447", "title": "IAC activists attacked in Khurshid's Farrukhabad", "text": "KANPUR: A day after Union law minister Salman Khurshid issued a veiled threat to India Against Corruption chief Arvind Kejriwal , the organisation's members were attacked by unidentified miscreants in Farrukhabad district's Pitaura village, which happens to be Khurshid's native village.Farrukhabad is Khurshid's constituency. It was only a day ago that he was show on TV saying, \"Let him (Kejriwal) come to Farrukhabad... but will he be able to return from Farrukhabad?\" He heard said until now he had wielded a pen but he could replace \"ink with blood\". IAC reacted strongly to his comments and sought the PM's intervention, and also announced a protest in Farrukhabad.Lakshman Singh, who said he is IAC's local convener, alleged that the incident took place on Thursday. He was with chairman of NGO Lok Samiti, Sultan Singh and a Delhi-based scribe Munna Lal Rajput, and a local journalist, returning through Pitaura. Singh said had gone to inquire about the credentials of some of the physically handicapped people in connection with allegations of financial irregularities by Zakir Husain Memorial Trust run by the law minister's wife Louise Khurshid, a project director.\"As we were returning from the shop of beneficiary Rangi Lal Mistry in Jhabbupur village from Pitaura in a four-wheeler, an unidentified youth stopped our vehicle and after manhandling and abusing us, threatened us with dire consequences if we were seen again.Thereafter, another group of unidentified miscreants chased us and pelted bricks and stones on our four-wheeler near Barjhala village when we were on our way to Farrukhabad from Qayamganj town following a similar survey to cross-check credentials of physically handicapped persons,\" said Singh, talking to TOI on phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "16870704", "title": "Dhanbad Municipal Corporation yet to launch cleanliness drive", "text": "SINDRI: Although it's been three days since Navratra, the Dhanbad Municipal Corporation (DMC) has failed to launch any cleanliness drive here. The thoroughfares and busy market areas, present a sorry picture, with filth and dirt littered all around. But the DMC authorities are not concerned. They have not even bothered to clean up places around the puja pandals.The puja committee members had no choice but to weild the broomstick themselves. The Saharpura market and Rangamati shopping areas are glaring examples of the callousness of the civic body officials here.One will be surprised to know all the ward councilors of the civic body have been authorized to depute five workers on a daily basis for carrying out cleaning work in addition to the permanent staff. The gravity of the situation can be gauged from the fact that the garbage accumulated outside Saharpura market caught fire on Wednesday night.When contacted, DMC administrator A K Pandey said he has issued directions for the entire corporation area to be cleaned up. If it is not being done he will have to inquire into it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16872107", "title": "\u2018Fire safety in hospitals needs attention\u2019", "text": "PATNA: Doctors and hospital administrators participating in a state-level, daylong workshop on \"Fire safety in hospitals\" agreed that safety measures to tackle disaster should be initiated in advance, and stressed on proper training of personnel to minimize losses in case of any fire mishap at a hospital. The workshop was organized by the state health department here on Thursday.Health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey highlighted the importance of preparedness to tackle fire or other disaster at hospitals as patients need greater care during any rescue operation compared to people at other places.Referring to the AMRI hospital fire in Kolkata in December, 2011, that claimed about 90 lives, the minister said, \"Very few hospitals are equipped to tackle fire.All hospitals, especially those located in the bigger cities, should have contingency disaster management plans.\"He added that considering the mushroom growth of private hospitals in the state, municipal bodies and urban development and housing department should make sure that all hospitals follow safety norms, such as having broad roads so that fire tenders reach the site easily. Choubey said, \"We have prepared a draft Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) containing preventive as well as relief measures to be taken in case of fire mishaps.\"Dr M Ahmad, member, National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), said Bihar is the first state ready with a draft SOP for fire safety in hospitals. \"Hospitals should not only have evacuation protocols but the staff should be adequately trained to tackle such incidents by holding repeated mock drill and rectifying any identifiable gap.\"He said under the Clinical Establishments (Registration and Regulation) Act, 2010, new hospitals were being accreditated only if they adhered to the mentioned safety norms and added that NDMA was ready to provide all help to Bihar.Principal secretary, health, Vyasji, advised hospitals to prepare an in-house disaster management manual to tackle disasters.Minister on gutka advertisementHealth minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey said gutka is a major reason of mouth cancer. He was replying on a query on gutka companies advertisement that 'gutka was less harmful than cigarettes'. He said, \"The government also plans to regulate other tobacco products that have harmful nicotine.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "16872042", "title": "Women wield brooms, police lathis in dam row between farmers, govt", "text": "SHIMOGA: Thousands of farmers in Sorab who have been agitating for several years against the adoption of Dandavate irrigation project in drought stricken Sorab were lathi-charged by police for preventing officials from carrying out a survey in the area on Thursday morning.Farmers have been advising the government against spending Rs 252 crore on the project to construct a dam across river Dandavate. Their argument is that the project is \"unrealistic\" as the river is practically non-existent, with just a small stream that flows in spate only during monsoon season. But Sorab MLA and former minister Hartal Halappa is insistent on implementing the scheme.Farmers say they would be forced to loose their land and thereby their livelihood, if the scheme is implemented.When a team of officials led by Sagar assistant commissioner attempted to conduct a survey on Thursday, the farmer's gheraoed them. On hearing about the arrival of team, women from several neighbouring villages surrounded the team and urged them to return. When the officials resisted, the women trashed them with broomsticks.This provoked the police to resort to lathi charge in which several farmers and women were injured. Farmer's president Vamdeva Gowda slammed Hartal Halappa for failing to turn up at the spot even though he knew of the farmers' agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16875227", "title": "Zanjeer: Apoorva Lakhia ropes in Ramcharan Teja\u2019s horse", "text": "By now we are all aware of the well-broadcast cast of Apoorva Lakhia's Zanjeer, the remake of the 1973 Amitabh Bachchan blockbuster featuring Telugu superstar Ramcharan Teja in the lead. What we don't know is that there was a casting panic in the unit when no actor could be found for one of the key roles.We 're talking about the white stallion that formed a crucial part of the Salim-Javed script. Says a source from neo- Zanjeer , \"In the original film the Big B's Vijay keeps getting these recurring nightmares where he sees this white stallion that rears up on screen on two legs and neighs passionately. In the remake getting a stallion of the same stature proved problematic. Lakhia even thought of scrapping the stallion's part from the neo- Zanjeer because in any case nowadays filmmakers have to deal with the Animal Welfare Board and its strict rules.\"However, it was felt that the horse plays a pivotal part in the plot and cannot be done away with. Finding the right breed proved a huge problem...Until the film's leading man Ramcharan Teja came to the film's rescue.Apparently Ramcharan owns one of the best stud farms of India. A huge horse-lover Ramcharan's home has a rare breed of 3-feet miniature horse that roams around freely in Ramcharan's home like a canine.The horse in Zanjeer has been taken from Ramcharan's stud farm which is situated in a sprawling acres of land owned by his wife Upasana Kamineni. Confirming this, Ramcharan said, \"Yes, they are using the horse from my stables which are located in Upasana's farm.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16875958", "title": "Lahoo Ke Do Rang to release on Chhath Puja", "text": "Anil &amp; Anil films Entertainment and Yash 999 movies 'Lahoo Ke Do Rang' is releasing on Chhath Puja all over . The film is produced by Anil Kushwaha &amp; Gayatri Kesarwani, directed by Manjul Thakur. Story-screenplay-dialogues are by Manoj K. Kushwaha.Sonu Anand has given the music for the film. It stars - Khesari lal Yadav, Rajesh Raj, Anjana Singh, Priya Sharma, Sanjay Pande, Ayaz khan, Ratnesh Baranvaal, Kiran Yadav, Sujeet Sarthak, Pushpendra Singh, Prem Dube, Shivam Bihari , Khushmit Gil and others.Source : bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16872679", "title": "Official visits woman in \u2018illegal confinement\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai district social welfare officer M Santhi, who handles domestic violence cases in the city, on Wednesday visited the house on Santhome High Road where a 60-year-old woman, Shahar Banu, was allegedly kept in illegal confinement.The officer's visit follows an instruction from the Tamil Nadu State Commission for Women in response to a news item published by TOI on Wednesday. Banu had alleged that some relatives of her deceased live-in partner Dr D L Ramachandra Rao had kept her in confinement after Rao died in April this year.\"We've received a report from Santhi which says that Banu was initially willing to go with the officials. But when D L Raja, brother of Dr Rao, insisted that she leave the house and never return, she stepped back in. She said she wanted her belongings which were allegedly taken away when she was arrested in connection with an ongoing dispute with Dr Rao's relatives,\" Tamil Nadu State Commission for Women chairperson Saraswathi Rangasamy said.Members of the social welfare department and commission officials who went to the house were initially not allowed inside by security guards.Later, the officials informed the Foreshore Estate police and entered the building to meet Banu, who has filed a case under the Domestic Violence Act saying she has been kept under illegal confinement for more than three weeks.Banu said someone locked the portion of the house where she lived, from outside on September 22, and that since then a neighbour was giving her food and medicines through a window.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16875153", "title": "Kamal claps for A R Murugadoss", "text": "Murugadoss's extension of his Midas touch was amply evident in his maiden production venture Engeyum Eppodhum done in as joint venture with Fox Star studios turned to be a stupendous hit. His third production venture has been christened Raja Rani.The shooting of this film started in Chennai on Oct 18 and the production unit declare a June 2013 release confidently.Murugadoss said, \"It was always my passion to assist Kamal sir in direction , never had an opportunity I thought but today when Attlee requested me to hold the clap board while Kamal sir shot the first shot of Raja Rani I was thrilled ...this will be my moment to cherish forever. \"meanwhile, the director's Thuppakki with Vijay is eagerly awaited as it is set to release on November 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16871898", "title": "Sugarcane growers to stage protest in Belgaum", "text": "BELGAUM: Members of Bharatiya Krishik Samaj (BKS) and Karnataka State Sugarcane Farmers Association will jointly organize a day-long agitation in the premises of DC's office here on Friday, demanding the government to declare Rs 3,000 per tonne as support price for sugarcane.Speaking to the media here on Wednesday, Lingaraj Patil, state president of BKS said when sugar price in the international market was around Rs 2,400- 2,500 last year; factories had given Rs 2,200 price.This time sugar price crossed Rs 3,200 mark; hence factories were able to give Rs 3,000, he claimed.Besides, this time the sugarcane production was considerably less following the drought and scarcity of water. Lingaraj Patil also urged the price fixation committee, headed by agriculture minister Umesh Katti, to declare Rs 3,000 as the support price for sugarcane.Meanwhile, Patil asked farmers not to send their produce to the factories until the price announced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871334", "title": "96 challaned in high security registration plates drive", "text": "NEW DELHI: Another 96 new car owners were challaned for not carrying a proper numberplate in their vehicles on Thursday by traffic police.\"Around 72 people were issued court challans while 24 opted for cash challans,\" said JCP (traffic) Satyendra Garg. West and south Delhi recorded 23 and 21 prosecutions respectively. North Delhi had 20 violations while central and east Delhi had 17 and 15 prosecutions each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16872269", "title": "Privatization of power supply delayed", "text": "PATNA: The process of privatizing the power transmission and distribution as well as revenue collection in the state capital has been delayed after Essar Power Limited sought some modification in the Letter of Intent sent by Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB).On July 18, the BSEB had offered Mumbai-based Essar Power Limited to handle the power supply and distribution system in Patna. It had sent a letter to the company for acceptance of terms and conditions. \"But, the company has sought some modification in the terms and condition of the contract which is not acceptable to us,\" BSEB chairman P K Rai told TOI on Wednesday.Rai said as per the terms and condition of the contract, if the BSEB had to cancel the contract, the company would forgo its security amount.The move to privatize the whole operation related to power supply to the city was initiated following huge loss of revenue to the BSEB. According to official sources, the monthly revenue collection of Patna urban area is around Rs 60-70 crore as against the actual power consumption to the tune of Rs 90 crore. \"The gap of more than Rs 20 crore is huge,\" a BSEB official said.\"We are in the process of inviting a fresh tender. Now, there would be no problem in awarding contract to any private firm. Recently, the Union ministry of power has made a standard bidding document which would be followed across the board,\" Rai said. This has been done to maintain standard practice in the privatization process of distribution and supply of power in towns all over the country. The power supply system has already been privatized in various cities, including Kanpur and Bhiwandi. So, now a standard practise would be followed throughout the country, the official said.In fact, the BSEB had initiated the process in 2009 and selected Kolkata Electric Supply Company for Patna and Muzaffarpur. But due to some technical problems, the tender was challenged in Patna high court in 2011.The high court had put a ban on giving franchise to any private agency. Recently, the high court gave the go ahead to the BSEB to take a final decision on selection of franchisees for Patna and Muzaffarpur, as per the request for proposal (RFP), 2011.The selected firm would be responsible for power supply and distribution, meter-reading, bill distribution, revenue collection, maintaining low-tension lines and attending to fuse-off calls. The process has been initiated to streamline the power supply in the state capital as well as the revenue collection.In the second phase, the franchise would also be given for other towns, the official said.The BSEB has also initiated the process to enter into a long-term agreement with Power Grid Corporation of India Limited for strengthening, maintaining and augmenting the state's transmission network.In the 12th Five-Year Plan, Rs 6,500 crore would be spent on the augmentation and strengthening of transmission network in the state. \"It would be a win-win situation for Bihar,\" the BSEB chairman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16874083", "title": "Bus falls into gorge in China; 4 students killed, 44 injured", "text": "BEIJING: Four students were killed and 44 others injured, when a college bus veered off into a 30-meter-high slope in Yongzhou City of central China's Hunan Province.The accident took place yesterday, when the bus carrying 46 students and a teacher from Hunan Daoxian County Junior Normal College besides the driver was on its way from Daoxian to Yongzhou.The students were on their way to appear for exams. Two students died on the spot and another two died at the hospital, state run Xinhua news agency quoted local officials a saying.Three people remain in the intensive care unit (ICU) and five others including the driver are also badly injured, an official said, adding that the rest of the passengers all sustained simple injures.All the injured are receiving treatment at the affiliated hospital of Yongzhou Vocational Technical College.Recalling the crash, Ouyang Ping, a 21-year-old survivor said, \"I suddenly saw branches and leaves out of the bus window, and I realized something was wrong. The bus crashed to the ground before I had time to protect my head. We were all upside down. People were screaming. It was horrible.\"Ouyang was at the back of the bus and managed to climb out through the window.\"I didn't realise I lost one of my teeth until I climbed up the slope,\" he said, with his mouth swollen.The students, aged between 17 and 21, from the junior college with 3,000 students, were heading to Yongzhou as scheduled to sit the higher education self-study exam, Mo Junxue, an official of the college said.A total of 171 students were headed to Yongzhou for the exam, in four rented buses accompanied by four teachers, and three of the buses arrived safely in Yongzhou, a college official said.He said the accident might have been due to malfunction of the bus brakes.Rather than rolling off the slope, the bus slid off it when turning at a bend eye witnesses said.The teacher on the bus, named Deng Guolin, 31, was hurt on the head and has been in a coma, his family members said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "16872311", "title": "Progress in Centre, NSCN-IM talks: Muivah", "text": "DIMAPUR: While much hype has been created about a solution to the protracted Indo-Naga political problem by next year, NSCN (IM) general secretary Th Muivah on Thursday said he was not sure about a conclusive solution at present, but admitted that there is a progress in the peace process.Muivah, who arrived in Dimapur along with NSCN(IM) chairman Isak Chishi Swu after camping in New Delhi for several months, said the Centre was more serious about bringing a solution to the Naga problem at the earliest.\"We are hopeful that something honourable will be achieved,\" Muivah told the media on Thursday afternoon.When pointed out that the Centre has hinted at solving the Naga issue within March next year, Muivah said the ball is in the court of Indian government now and it would depend upon them. He said discussions with New Delhi are on and something positive would come out very soon.Muivah reiterated that the Centre has already recognized the uniqueness of Naga history. \"This is their commitment on the highest level that a solution will be found based on the uniqueness of Naga history. So, it means a lot and you can understand that,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16872378", "title": "98 shacks for South Goa, 19 for Benaulim", "text": "PANAJI: The tourism department allotted a total of 98 shacks in South Goa, but did not hold the draw of lots for eight temporary structures in Palolem awaiting a clearance from the Goa coastal zone management authority ( GCZMA).\"The allotment will be done for Palolem after an inspection,\" a source said.The tourism department cleared up the allotment for the rest of the beach stretches in South Goa. Three beach spots in Benaulim with 19 shacks and the Mobor-Cavelossim belt with 17 shacks appear to be the hubs of shack activity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16871124", "title": "Students' death: Kin slam varsity", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Bodies of five Gitam University students, who drowned in the sea here, were recovered by the rescue teams on Thursday even as the kith and kin slammed the university for its indifferent attitude in providing help to them.Search operations were still on to trace another missing student, who was feared drowned along with the five others when they entered the waters at the Rushikonda beach on Wednesday. One student, Rahul Babu, was rescued by the local fishermen on Wednesday itself.Helicopters of Navy, Coast Guard along with marine police and private boats were pressed into the search operations in the morning. The body of Bhupati Sushil Babu (Warangal) was found at 6am close to the spot where the students had drowned. The choppers later found the bodies of girl students - Gujjala Preeti Reddy (Warangal), P Sindhuja (Hyderabad) and Ramineni Anusha (Kodad) - behind some rocks near a private resort at around 1.30pm.The marine police and the Navy choppers called off the search operations around 5.30pm as it was becoming dark. Around 7.30pm, the body of Anurag Reddy (Karimnagar) washed ashore. For the parents and relatives of P Sai Nitin (Hyderabad) it was an agonizing waiting with tears in their eyesas his body could not be traced.The parents and relatives of the deceased, who reached the beach in the morning, were inconsolable. Grief-stricken parents cried out loud.A few of them slammed the irresponsible attitude of the officials of Gitam University for not providing any information. \"We will approach the human rights commission. How could they permit the students to go out when the classes were being held?\" Praveen, a relative of Anusha, asked.Legal advisor of the university A Raju said the incident was unfortunate and said the university would hand over Rs 1 lakh each to the members of the deceased families. City police commissioner J Poornachandra Rao said they would conduct awareness programmes near the beaches and erect warning boards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "16871989", "title": "Karwar gets \u2018connected\u2019, at last", "text": "KARWAR: The much awaited Yeshwanthpur \u2014 Karwar (No. 16517/18) night train zipped into the Karwar railway station at 2.30pm on Thursday, symbolizing a victorious end to the 3-year-long legal and political battle spearheaded by the people of coastal Karnatala.Passengers and the train staff were given a rousing reception all along the train route in Uttara Kannada. \"The rail connectivity between Karwar and Yeshwanthpur was realized only because of the struggle of the people of the region,\" said Jagadeesh Birkodikar, secretary of Karwar Railway User's Association.During the inter-zonal time-table conference of the railways in Bangalore held in January 2009, it was decided to extend the train up to Karwar. It was till then was running only between Yeshwanthpur and Mangalore Central. The train was eventually extended, but only up to Kannur, much to the dismay of the people of Karwar.The politicians lined up to make several promises to get an extension, but none yielded any result. When the railways rejected a proposal to split the train at Mangalore and run some coaches to Karwar, which was the only hope left, the passengers committee and others filed a case in the Karnataka high court.The high state court then ordered the railways to consider the demand to bifurcate the train.Following this directive, the train which was running between Yeshwanthpur and Kannur was bifurcated in Mangalore and extended to Karwar.The train was welcomed by the public and the members of West Coast Rail Yatri Development Committee (WRYDC) at Bhatkal on Thursday when it entered the Uttara Kannada district from Udupi. Then the people welcomed it all along the route at different railway stations like Kumta, Ankola and Karwar by decorating the train with flowers and also garlanding its staff.The train had left Yeshwanthpur at 8.05 pm on Wednesday had to take 16 hours to reach Karwar, the Konkan railway officials said. The railways have announced that the Train No.16517 that left Yeshwanthpur on Wednesday night would run towards Kannur with five coaches while the bifurcated train would run to Karwar as Train No.16523/16524 with 13 coaches.The first Karwar to Yeshwanthpur train left for Bangalore at 3pm on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16872386", "title": "Calangute cops nab Pune extortionists", "text": "CALANGUTE: A Pune resident claiming to be a human rights activist and his three accomplices from Ratnagiri, Maharashtra, were arrested by Calangute police in an alleged extortion racket after a hotel owner from Anjuna complained to the police.The police stated that Vijay Gandhi, who claimed to be an observer in Goa for a Pune-based NGO called 'Human rights for protection' along with his accomplices, Vaibhav Bhatikar, Ashish Sawant, Devidas Mayekar allegedly threatened action against Pramod Chimulkar, who runs a restaurant in Anjuna, for playing loud music.The restaurateur had paid 10,000 on an earlier occasion. But, when the four accused threatened to get him locked up for playing loud music for the second time and demanded 1 lakh, he complained to the police, who advised him to set up a trap. Chimulkar agreed to hand over the amount to the gang at the Saligao junction, but they called him to a restaurant at Porvorim.The police team led by PI Nolasco Raposo of Calangute police station under the supervision of SP north Vijay Singh caught the four accused redhanded while accepting the money. The currency was marked. Police said they have busted an extortion racket. The amount of 1 lakh and a licenced gun along with a car was seized from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16872300", "title": "Frauds masquerading as sleuths threaten traders", "text": "IMPHAL: Frauds masquerading as CBI, income tax and army intelligence sleuths have unleashed a reign of terror on traders in the city, threatening them that warrants were being issued against them for one reason or the other.These people are asking the traders that the matter could be settled if a certain amount is deposited in their bank accounts. Some businessmen even succumbed to the perpetual threat by depositing a certain amount of money to their accounts, said social worker Amrik Singh Pahwa.SP (Imphal West) K Jayenta Singh said an investigation is on to nab the culprits.\"We have got the account number of the fraud who reportedly made threat calls to businessmen,\" the senior police officer told this reporter.He added, \"I am receiving a lot of complaints that some frauds are calling up people, especially businessmen, and are threatening them. They are identifying themselves as CBI or income tax sleuths from outside Manipur to make them feel that warrants are being issued against them,\" Pahwa said in a statement.\"These frauds seem to know much about the people of Manipur. I had already passed the bank account number to SP (Imphal West) for doing the needful,\" he said, while urging the people to remain alert to avoid such fraudulent practices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16872415", "title": "2 held under Arms Act in Colva", "text": "MARGAO: The Colva police on Thursday arrested two persons, Raju Shaikh and Ibrahim Shaikh, both natives of Kittur, Belgaum, under the Arms Act, after they were found to be in possession of swords following a hot chase by the cops and public on Thursday evening.Police sources said that a PCR van noticed a suspicious-looking stationary Maruti van near Pedda, Benaulim, and decided to follow it. Realizing that the police were chasing them, the driver started speeding away. The PCR van chased it. When the car reached the dead end of the road at Per Seraulim, two occupants of the car got down and clutching a sword in their hands, fled across the fields, the police and the people, chasing them.When the culprits reached Green House junction at Colva, the accused plunged into a pond. The cops and a few people also followed suit and finally nabbed them. The Colva police seized the two swords found in their possession, besides attaching their car, a gas cylinder and a gas cutter that were also found inside. Colva police said that the culprits were attempting to break into a house or a shop.Police are on the lookout for another of their accomplices who was in the car along with the duo. Further investigations are under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16872536", "title": "Student ends life in Maulviganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: A student of class 9th committed suicide in Maulviganj area close on Thursday evening.The deceased Ujjwal Mehta, used to study in Rajendranagar branch of a leading school chain in the city. Ujjwal's father owns a footwear shop in the Wazirganj locality and was in a grave shock over the death of his son.Ujjwal hanged himself to death from the ceiling fan of his room and was rushed to a hospital, where he was declared brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16871980", "title": "Suresh Angadi shoots down Army charge", "text": "BELGAUM: The Angadi Institute of Technology and Management belonging to Belgaum MP Suresh Angadi on the city's outskirts is in the news again. The Army says it has been built on its firing range without taking a No-Objection Certificate.However, Angadi denied the allegations and told TOI it was his private land and there was no need of availing an NoC from the Army. He clarified that Army has been claiming rights on 7,469 acres across nine villages, while in actual fact it has only 1,302 acres at Mandoli village. The rest 6,167 acres is agricultural land belonging to farmers.He said the state government allegedly notified farmers' land in 1970 and handed over to Army for a 10-year lease. The lease period was extended twice up to 2020. But the notifying and acquiring of private land without giving compensation was illegal.\"No state and central Acts say that private agricultural land can be notified and leased to the military to conduct firing activities,'' he said.Maratha Light Infantry Regimental CentreOne of the oldest Army regiments, formed as the 103rd Maharattas in 1768Recruitment and training of soldiers done at regimental headquarters in BelgaumMotivation Hall contains inspiring pieces of accounts of deeds of bravery of battalions and feats of glory30 battalions of 5th Mahratta Light Infantry in World War IIIn 1947, five battalions were allotted to India. The regiment has had at various times 22 battalionsIn recent years, Army personnel from UK, US, France, Sri Lanka, Mongolia and Maldives underwent joint operation trainingEvery year, nearly 1000 soldiers undergo training hereThese include physical training drill, weapon training, integrated training, counter insurgency training among otherThere's basic training for 19 weeks and advanced training for 15 weeks", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16871078", "title": "Water Board braces for summer crisis", "text": "HYDERABAD: Monsoon clouds have barely left city skies but the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) is already putting together a summer contingency plan to overcome likely water shortages in the Greater Hyderabad area.Generally, the HMWS&SB; prepares such plans no longer than three months before summer. However, in view of poor inflows into prime water bodies like the Osmansagar and Himayathsagar lakes, the Water Board is drawing up adequate provisions even before the onset of winter.\"No water will be drawn from Osmansagar and Himayathsagar reservoirs from April 1, 2013,\" a senior HMWS&SB; official told TOI.At Osmansagar, the full tank level (FTL) is 1,790 feet while the water level recorded on Thursday was 1,771 feet, thus indicating a shortfall of 19 feet.\"The Water Board will start pumping water with the help of pump sets when the water level reaches 1,758 feet. Till then, water will be supplied through gravity,\" he added. \"From December, we have decided to restrict water supply to areas like Shaikpet, Tolichowki, Golconda, Mehdipatnam, Old Mallepally and Karwan under operation and maintenance (O&M;) division III.\"Subsequently, Red Hills, Allabanda, Gowliguda, Sultan Bazar and Gunfoundry, under O&M; division IV and Narayanguda, Domalguda, Musheerabad and Ramanthapur under O&M; division-V and SR Nagar, Banjara Hills, Jubilee Hills, Ameerpet, Erragadda and Somajiguda, under O&M; division VI, would face similar curbs,\" he added.\"As regards Himayathsagar, we will stop drawing water once the level reaches 1,735 feet (FTL 1,763 feet). The Water Board has already installed 300 horsepower emergency pumps at the fore bay of the reservoir and pumping would start at 1,174 feet. As per the contingency plan, pumping may start from February, 2013,\" the official added.As part of the contingency plan, Water Board plans to divert 2.5 million gallons per day (MGD) of water from Singur at Shaikpet for supply to restricted areas.From February, another 2.5MGD would be diverted from Krishna phase I and II to Secretariat, MLA Quarters and other areas, the official said. \"There is a proposal to reschedule water supply timings, but no decision has been taken yet,\" he replied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16871519", "title": "Odisha HSC exam from February 20 next year", "text": "CUTTACK: The HSC examination conducted by the Board of Secondary Education ( BSE ) will commence from February 20. \"We have decided to conduct the matriculation examination from February 20 and it will conclude within one month. The results will be published in April. This would enable our students to apply for their higher education in other national institutions ,\"said Daksh Prasad Nanda, president of board of secondary education. He said form fill up for matriculation examination would end by December 24.To reform the matriculation examination system, the board has decided to introduce question-cum-answer booklet in the examination. Space will be provided in the question booklet for the students to answer. \"This step will help check malpractice during examination and would also put a check on the erratic evaluation of the answers by the xaminers ,\" added Nanda.Usually, matriculation examination in the state are held in the month of March every year and the results are published by June-end. Many students, who aspire to take admission in national colleges have to suffer as by the time HSC results are published admissions in reputed colleges are over.The matriculation examination this year was dogged by controversies. The examination had to be rescheduled following theft of question papers from an examination centre. Even the results and the list of top of 100 students was leaked a day before its official announcement.In another mismanagement, examiners were found checking answer sheets in candlelight at a centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16872678", "title": "Multi-level parking soon", "text": "KANPUR: A multi-level parking lot will be constructed near Narhona crossing by Kanpur Municipal Corporation. A resolution was passed in the first meeting of executive committee of KMC on Wednesday.The executive committee also decided to run Chacha Nehru Hospital, Cooperganj ,Jageshwar Hospital in Govindnagar and BN Bhalla Hospital in Babupurwa on public private partnership basis. These proposals would be placed before the house for ratification.The executive committee gave green signal to 19 proposals for the development of the city.The multi-level parking would raised at Panchakki crossing.The committee also decided to enhance the mutation fee and compounding fee. Enhancement in mutation would take place after 40 years. Last time mutation fee was fixed in 1962.It was decided to provide 10 per cent rebate in house tax to those who would pay tax by November 30.The members also discussed to observe the birth centenary of Ganesh Shankar Vidyarthi's newspaper Dainik Pratap. Beautification of Ganesh Udyan in Phoolbagh and naming a road as Ganesh Marg were also proposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16872606", "title": "News channels ready to pay 'reasonable' carriage fee", "text": "NEW DELHI: News broadcasters on Thursday said they were willing to pay a 'reasonable' carriage fees once digitization of cable services is introduced. Their willingness was indicated after a settlement was reached between broadcasters and cable operators at a meeting chaired by Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) chief Rahul Khullar last week.'Carriage fee', which broadcasters pay to Multi System Operators(MSOs) and Local Cable Operators(LCOs) for taking their channels to viewers, has been a contentious issue which had pitted broadcasters on one side and MSOs and LCOs on the other. Broadcasters have now agreed to enter into agreements with MSOs for an initial period of one year for a fee (inclusive of marketing fees, tiering fees, packaging fees) ranging from 50 paisa to Re 1 per set top box subscriber per channel, per year.\"While placement fee has been specifically prohibited in the TRAI notification, concerns have been regularly expressed about the lack of clarity with regard to carriage fees, whether it has to be paid at all after digitisation and if so, at what rates?\" New Broadcasters Association (NBA) said in a statement.The statement added: \"TRAI Chairperson mentioned the specific concerns of news broadcasters with regard to carriage fees in the digitised regime. He mentioned that his predecessor had indicated what reasonable carriage fees should be in a digitized regime,\" the NBA statement said.NBA said since Khullar had asked broadcasters and MSOs to enter into agreements, news channels have agreed not to oppose his suggestion and decided to enter into agreements to pay a \"reasonable\" amount. \"He (Khullar) also exhorted broadcasters and MSOs to enter into agreements on carriage fees within the next few days so that all is set by the time digitisation rolls out in the four metros from the November 1,\" NBA said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16871667", "title": "Government accountant bungles 78 lakh", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A senior accountant of state-run Odisha Livestock Resources Development Society (OLRDS) was on Thursday arrested for allegedly embezzling Rs 78 lakh by forging the signature of the society's CEO.The accused, Janaki Ballav Sahoo (43), fraudulently withdrew Rs 78.87 lakh on different dates between July and October this year. \"While he bought three cars for Rs 25 lakh, he deposited nearly Rs 38 lakh in his wife's account. We are investigating how he spent the rest amount,\" inspector of Khandagiri police station Sanjib Satpathy said.He was arrested from his palatial building at Nakhara, on the outskirts of Bhubaneswar, following a complaint lodged by the CEO Dr Sanath Mishra on Wednesday, police said.While police said Sahoo's fraud came to light during audit, sources revealed that he landed in trouble in a dramatic manner. While withdrawing the last amount of Rs 1,385,505 lakh from a private bank in the city on October 15, he forgot to take Rs 505 with him. One of his colleagues visited the bank the day after when the bank cashier handed him the cash of Rs 505 for Sahoo. When the OLRDS authorities got to know about the huge transaction on October 15, which was a government holiday, they were shocked.\"During inquiry it was found that Sahoo withdrew huge amounts in phases by forging the CEO's signature in six cheques. The money was withdrawn from two banks in Bhubaneswar and Cuttack,\" an OLDRS officer said.Police suspected that some bank authorities might have helped Sahoo to withdraw such huge amounts without taking the CEO into confidence. \"The bank authorities should have brought the matter to the notice of the CEO after huge amounts were withdrawn at regular intervals,\" said ACP (Zone-III) Jagannath Pradhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16870656", "title": "BJP accuses SP of shielding Noida land scam accused", "text": "NOIDA: The BJP spokesman Vijay Bahadur Pathak on Thursday alleged that the state government was adopting a lax attitude in probing the farmhouse scam.He demanded removal of all officials facing charges in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16870992", "title": "Delhi may raise circle rates", "text": "NEW DELHI: The economic slowdown has come to haunt the Delhi government. A review of the condition of the state exchequer, led by chief secretary PK Tripathi, on Thursday revealed that the government had much to worry about. The collections in the third quarter of the financial year are an unimpressive 40% of an ambitious target of around Rs 28,000 crore from all resources. A hike in circle rates and opening registration of properties in 312 illegal colonies located on private land that have been regularized recently may be announced to meet targets.An unimpressive revenue collection from VAT and property registration have emerged as the main concerns. As far as plan expenditure is concerned, the government is on course according to the finance department. So far, expenditure stands at 31% of the total layout for this financial year. Last year at the end of the second quarter in September, plan expenditure was around 26%. Hence, this year Delhi has done better. However, with revenue targets not being met, the government is looking at strengthening its resource base.The chief secretary, at a meeting with all heads of department, discussed the financial targets and how the collections can be bolstered in the remaining six months of the current fiscal. While VAT collections are dismally low with just about 50% of the target set for this year, the collections from stamp duty and registration of property and other documents are no better.According to an assessment by the finance department, one of the reasons for the poor VAT collections can be attributed to the sluggish market, a result of recession. Buyers and investors are staying away from the markets while inflation has only added to the burden. The low collections from stamp duty and registration of properties is being blamed on a sluggish real estate market. Also, ever since restrictions were imposed on registration of properties on general power of attorney, fewer people have come forward to register their properties.To bolster collections from stamp duty, it was suggested that the circle rates may be revised at the earliest. The existing rates are not at par with the market rate of properties, particularly in the upscale colonies of A and B categories like Vasant Vihar, Jor Bagh, Golf Links, Maharani Bagh, Friends Colony, Greater Kailash and Defence Colony. A proposal on circle rates revision is likely to be finalized soon so that it can be placed before the cabinet.A policy on opening registration of properties in 312 unauthorised colonies located on private land that were regularized has been prepared and is being scrutinized by the law department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16871239", "title": "Hyd-Masshad flight to take off soon, says Iranian official", "text": "HYDERABAD: The visiting Iranian delegation headed by Mohammad Javad Mohammadzadeh, vice-president and head of Environmental Protection Organization of Iran, on Thursday promised to strengthen ties with Hyderabad in the fields of trade, arts and culture.Mohammadzadeh is in the city to attend the biodiversity conference. Interacting with mediapersons, he informed that new flights will be introduced in the near future between the India and Iran. On the long due Hyderabad-Mashhad flight, Mohammadzadeh said that the Asman Airlines of Iran will soon be operating the flight. The run has also been extended to Chah Bahar in south of Iran. Currently over 20 flights operate between Hyderabad and Iran every week. All major carriers like Emirates, Air Arabia and Qatar Airways run one flight to Tehran daily. Mohammadzadeh also spoke on issues ranging from biodiversity to improving trade ties with India, particularly in the oil and gas industry. \"The $15.8 billion trade between India and Iran, mostly in oil and gas projects is set to further increase,\" he said. On environmental conservation, he called for serious decisions on preserving non-renewable resources and indicated that crucial agreements on such efforts could be made during the upcoming Iran-India joint commission meeting scheduled to be held in November this year, in Iran.Maintaining a defiant stance on the economic sanctions imposed on Iran, he termed the recent blocking of Iranian satellite TV channels by European Union as \"pre-renaissance\" and done in fear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16873403", "title": "Chain-snatching accused killed by cops, alleges family", "text": "PATIALA: Family members of a woman, who was an accused in several cases of chain-snatchings and was shot dead on Wednesday night, alleged on Thursday that she was killed in a fake encounter staged by Patiala police.Following the allegations, senior police officers paraded some cops before the victim's family for identification, but identity of the killer remained a mystery.Deceased Meeto, along with two other women, was coming back from Saharnpur in UP in a car after appearing in a court in a chain snatching case. As they reached near Bhanri village, another car intercepted their Swift car and three youngsters opened fire on the victim's car.The bullet hit deceased Meeto in stomach and she died on spot. Driver of the car, Jaspal Singh, along with two others, first took her to her Sheromajra village and then to Rajindera Hospital, Patiala, where post mortem of the body was conducted in the morning.\"Police have killed her. Cops came in civil dress and killed her. Cops are pressuring us not to start protest and have registered a case against unidentified persons. Lacho and Melo, who were accompanying Meeto, could identify killer cops,\" alleged Rajinder Singh, a relative of the deceased.On Thursday morning, the relatives had first decided to block the main road near Rajindera Hospital, Patiala, but as cops assured action, they decided not to cremate the body till the arrest of the accused. But senior cops prevailed upon the family to conduct the cremation.\"They had promised to act against cops involved in the murder. But, there is no action so far as senior cops are trying to protect the killer cops,\" alleged another relative, Jaspal Singh, after cremation.\"Meeto was facing many cases of chain snatching and her family suspect that she was shot dead by cops. We have paraded some cops in front of the family, but they failed to identify anyone. We have been conducting investigations to arrest the killers,\" said SP (D) Pritpal Thind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16871054", "title": "Generic pharmacies tangled in red tape", "text": "HYDERABAD: Bollywood actor Aamir Khan may have made a strong pitch for generic drugstores in TV show 'Satyameva Jayate' as the panacea for the mounting costs of medicine but their setting up, at least in Hyderabad, is being delayed by bureaucratic hassles. Case in point: the premier Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (NIMS).The hospital, in consonance with GO 54 (which required all government establishments to vacate, upon expiry of lease, existing retail outlets selling branded medicines in order to set up jeevandhara outlets), had done away with all four medical shops on its premises with the last of them going in July this year.But thereafter, the matter has been allowed to hang fire by both hospital authorities and officials at AP Health, Medical, Housing and Infrastructure Development Corporation (APHMHIDC). \"Since NIMS is an autonomous institution, we have routed the file through the principal secretary of health, K Ratna Kishore. The file is pending with the official,\" said Uday Bhaskar, general manager of Jeevandhara. He added that APHMHIDC had recommended HLL Lifecare (a central government enterprise) to open a jeevandhara pharmacy at NIMS. This delay has resulted in the teaching hospital going without a medical shop on its premises for several months now with patients and their attendants having to suffer for it. \"Since there are no stores inside (the hospital premises), I am forced to make rounds of the pharmacies outside the hospital. It takes 30 minutes and sometimes, more,\" said Shaheen Begum, a resident of Borabanda who has a relative undergoing treatment at the hospital.To make matters worse, there is no private medical shop located in the vicinity of the trauma care block on Road No.1 Banjara Hills. Hence, patients' attendants have to come all the way towards Punjagutta to procure medicine. Senior doctors said that if hospital authorities were genuinely interested in the welfare of patients, they would take the initiative to set up a jeevandhara pharmacy without any delay. Also, doctors would be instructed to prescribe only these drugs. \"But everybody seems to be interested in their commissions,\" said a doctor.The hospital was earning a monthly Rs 20 lakh in rent from the four medical shops on its premises. But with the stores in question having been now vacated, the fund starved hospital is losing out on precious revenue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16872888", "title": "North Central Railway safety campaign in trains", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To create awareness among passengers and ensure safe travel, North Central Railway has started a safety campaign. The drive is aimed at preventing fire accidents in trains.As part of this, stickers and pamphlets are being pasted on the coaches. Further, announcements are also being made at the station asking passengers to remain observe precautions while traveling in the trains. In addition, awareness is also being created through newspapers. The coaches are also being regularly checked at the various depots of North Central Railway. The passengers are being urged not to carry inflammable items like LPG cylinders and fire crackers in the trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16873058", "title": "Jaipur Literature Festival music stage to be shifted out of Diggi", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Literature Festival (JLF) is set for some changes in its 2013 edition. The current format of the festival, which begins with literary sessions in the morning and transiting into a festival of music in the evening, will be different from the coming edition in January.The organizers, while admitting that Diggi Palace is short of space, have segregated the two. So if Diggi Palace remains the venue for literary sessions, the music programmes in the evening would move to hotel Clarks Amer. This would also ensure that only those really interested in the evening music would drive to the new venue.Confirming the same, Sanjoy Roy, producer of the festival, said: \"Yes, we are moving the evening music programme to Clarks Amer. This would help us to accommodate nearly 7,000 to 8,000 more people per hour at Diggi Palace. The previous music venue would be converted to host a literary session. To be called 'Char Bagh' this would be a new venue for all the programmes that were earlier held in Durbar Hall.\"The 2012 festival attracted over a lakh visitors and the organizers had a tough time handling the swelling crowd. Initially, a token ticket for Rs 200 was made mandatory but that in no way was a deterrent to the masses. It remained chaotic at times due to lack of space besides parking snarls and security issues.In view of it, the administration later asked the organisers to look for an alternative venue. The police too faced problems providing even basic security, checks and controls.\"There were a couple of issues that can't be ignored considering the safety of visitors, high profile authors and those living around the venue,\" said an official.\"Instead of the traditional venue at Diggi Palace, the 2013 festival would host the evening music stage at Clarks Amer. We too have large lawns and an adjoining vacant plot can be used for parking. Spreading the event out to two venues gives it more breathing space and eases out the crowd,\" said Apurv Kumar managing director, Clarks Group of Hotels.It would also be good for the tourists, who instead of crowding in one place, would get an opportunity to get a wholesome view of the city, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16871474", "title": "Foreign players hooked on festive flavour", "text": "KOLKATA: When you go pandal-hopping, don't be surprised if you bump into Costa Rican World Cupper Carlos Hernandez or Nigerian striker Ranty Martins. For the foreign footballers who have made Kolkata their second home, Puja is one of the exotic delights that is part of the city-of -joy experience.For a first-timer like Carlos, it's an overwhelming experience but even for the likes of Kiwi striker Kayne Vincent, who has been here for a year or two, it's still awe-inspiring.Carlos, who plays for I-League side United SC, has won hearts in Kolkata for his delicate passing and ferocious shooting. And he is already in demand in Puja season. He inaugurated a puja in Kankurgachi on Wednesday. \"I went for the festival with my family and we enjoyed it a lot. It is really interesting and I liked everything I saw,\" he said, adding, \"I learnt two-three Bengali words there as well.\"Going by the crowd response, he may have to chalk up a few more inaugurations in his calendar. \"I want to catch a few more pujas,\" he beamed. A senior official of United SC said that Carlos has asked for guest passes to the famous pujas so that he can visit with his family.Carlos' teammate at United SC \u2014 Ranty Martins \u2014 has been in India for quite some time now but this is his first year in the City of Joy. He has also been approached by many puja committees but has already given his dates to church service. \"I'd love to get a feel of the things here. There's a puja happening at my complex too,\" said Ranty, who stays at the Silver Spring complex.Vincent, who has been in Kolkata for two years, rues that he could visit only one puja last year. \"I was warned by people that there would be huge crowds so I did not venture out much. But I really liked the only pandal I went to. This time, I want to see a few more. There is a puja in our complex, which I will surely visit. I am looking for passes to a few more pujas,\" said Vincent, who lives in Unitech Complex in Rajarhat.East Bengal's Nigerian marksman Edeh Chidi, who is back in the city having earlier played for Mohun Bagan, looks forward to the Puja experience. He has wonderful memories of the festive time. \"At the time I was with Bagan, I went to a few places and I really enjoyed the celebrations,\" he said.Apart from the players, there are foreign coaches in Kolkata as well. Arrows' Australian coach Arthur Papas seemed enthusiastic about his first taste of the puja festivity. \"I'd love to see some pandals. It is a fantastic opportunity to be part of a different culture,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16870816", "title": "Hazaribag zila parishad chief blames government for poor devp in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Hazaribag zila parishad chairman Braj Kishore Jaiswal has rubbished allegations leveled by MPs and MLAs of the district that the zila parishad has failed to implement developmental programmes owing to which no development was visible in the district.Addressing a press conference here on Thursday, Jaiswal said, \"It is true that the zila parishad was formed 18 months ago not only in Hazaribag but in the entire state but the zila parishads and panchayats have remained ineffective owing to the lackadaisical attitude of the state government.\"Regretting the statement of chief minister Arjun Munda that panchayat bodies could not be fully empowered, he questioned the CM on the purpose of holding panchayat elections if the government had no intention of empowering them.He said when all the states, including Bihar and West Bengal , have given full autonomy to the zila parishads and gram panchayats, there was no reason why the same cannot be implemented in Jharkhand. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16871469", "title": "Governmentt 'silent' on phone tapping", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An application seeking information about the number of persons whose telephones are under surveillance and ordered to be tapped in the last four years appears to have put the state government in a fix.The home department initially refused to part with the information. The applicant, Biswapriya Kanungo, a social activist, then reached the first appellate authority, a deputy secretary rank officer in the home department, contending that the refusal was malafide in nature. He demanded to be provided with the information and that the principal information officer (PIO) who denied it be punished.Kanungo wanted to know the number of persons whose telephones were ordered to be tapped by the state government from November 29, 2008 to November 15, 2012. The appellate authority heard both sides on Thursday and reserved his judgment. The Right to Information (RTI) law mandates the appellate authority to take decision on an application within 30 days of its submission. The authority can take 15 days more, but has to cite reasons for the delay.The PIO said the information sought was related to the state's 'security affairs' and hence could not be divulged. Kanungo, who fought a similar battle with the government earlier and won, argued that telephone tapping is an 'invasion to right to privacy' and cited a 1996 Supreme Court judgment to prove his point. He said tapping telephones was covered under Article 21 of the Constitution and that the apex court in order to safeguard the rights of citizens had prescribed certain guidelines like public emergency situation, only under which the order to tap telephones can be passed.Kanungo's previous application, which the Information Commission finally disposed of with an order to the home department to supply the information, had exposed the Naveen Patnaik regime's increasing suspicion on people and its penchant for spying on them. The information obtained then showed while the telephones of only three persons were ordered to be tapped in 2006, the number shot up to 111 the following year and reached as high as 303 by 2008.Kanungo in his petition to the first appellate authority has stated that the government is using telephone tapping as a 'weapon against its opponents'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16872387", "title": "BJP running corrupt govt in states: Sonia", "text": "MANGALORE: UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi on Thursday launched a frontal attack on the BJP in its stronghold of coastal Karnataka and accused it of running corrupt governments in several states.She said the saffron party was \"just pretending\" to fight corruption and claimed that the people of Karnataka were \"disenchanted with the corrupt government\" in the state.The UPA chairperson described corruption as a cancer that affects poor the most while claiming that \"no other party has done what UPA has done to fight corruption\". She said the UPA government brought the RTI as the Congress \"genuinely wants to fight corruption\".Sonia, who devoted a better part of her 18-minute address to attack BJP, accused the party of not allowing the passage of the Lokpal bill in the Rajya Sabha.She explained the reasons for increasing diesel price and cap on subsidized LPG cylinders. \"It's imperative for the Union government to manage its finances prudently while ensuring that the flagship poverty-alleviation programmes are protected and sustained.\"The Congress leader questioned the reluctance of the BJP-ruled states to follow the Congress states in raising the LPG cap to nine. \"It is as much your responsibility as it is ours to alleviate the problems of the common man,\" she said. She questioned why the BJP government in Karnataka has not lowered VAT on motor fuels.The UPA chairperson said the BJP does not care about farmers and pointed out that the BJP, which is opposing foreign investment in multi-brand retail, had proposed it when in power. \"The main beneficiary of FDI will be the consumer, who will pay less,\" she said. \"Farmers will get direct linkages to the market, without having to contend with middlemen.\"She also accused the BJP of dividing coastal Karnataka on communal lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872220", "title": "Ajit Pawar defends self, Nitin Gadkari", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after India Against Corruption (IAC) accused BJP president Nitin Gadkari of accepting favours from the Democratic Front (DF) government in Maharashtra, former deputy chief minister and senior NCP leader Ajit Pawar on Thursday rubbished the allegations.Pawar said land was allotted to Gadkari's NGO, Purti Sinchan Kalyankari Sanstha, in keeping with the rules and the existing policy of the government. IAC's Arvind Kejriwal had claimed that land acquired for a dam was given to the NGO, overruling farmers from Khursapar village in Vidarbha.Stating that it was well within the powers of the government to allot land for a public cause, Pawar said, \"No favour was shown to the trust. The allotment was done in accordance with the rules as the land was not required for the dam.\"Kejriwal had alleged that instead of returning the land to its original owner, Gajanan Ghadge, it was given to the NGO. In 2005, the trust had applied for a piece of land in connection with welfare activities for farmers. Pawar was said to be instrumental in allotting the land on lease and that, too, in a span of just four days. The actual allotment happened in 2007.\"If any other NGO complying with government norms had applied for the land, I would have allotted the plot to that organization, too,\" Pawar said.A senior irrigation department official said there is no provision of returning land acquired for a public purpose to its original owner if it is not utilized. \"An apex court order in this regard is very clear. If the land is not utilized for the project for which it has been acquired, the government can use it itself or auction it,\" the official added.NCP spokesperson Nawab Malik said there was no question of any tacit understanding with the BJP. \"While it is true that the request was processed in four days, the actual allotment took place years later. All legal procedures were followed.\"(With inputs from Sanjeev Shivadekar &amp; Sandeep Ashar)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16875338", "title": "Trisha's father passes away", "text": "Actress Trisha lost her dad on Thursday. Krishnan (66) dies of a cardiac arrest in Hyderabad where he was working as the gm of a five-star hotel.Though he was taken to the hospital he did not make it. Trisha and her mom, Uma, immediately flew to Hyderabad on hearing the news. Trisha's father was supposedly not active in her career.Condolences have been pouring in on twitter to the actress and she seems to be strong and holding up emotionally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16871919", "title": "Police nab two bike lifters", "text": "HUBLI: The district rural police have arrested two bike lifters and recovered four bikes worth Rs 1.20 lakh on Wednesday morning.According to police station sources, the arrested persons are identified as Chandru Dodamani, 22, a resident of Mantagani village in Savanur taluk and Fayaz Nalband, 27, a resident of Dharwad.The accused were allegedly involved in lifting bikes from parking areas in Hubli and Dharwad. They were arrested near Chabbi cross when police found them moving around suspiciously. Hubli rural police have registered the case.Man held in murder caseMounesh Gudadur was on Thursday arrested by Hubli rural police sleuths for his alleged involvement in the murder of his wife in Arlikatti village of Hubli taluk on Thursday.According to police sources, the accused Mounesh had allegedly smashed his wife's head repeatedly with an iron rod on Wednesday night.His wife Saroja later succumbed to head injuries.Mounesh, who was absconding after Saroja's murder, was arrested by police the next day. Hubli rural police have registered the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16873087", "title": "Lokayukta registers FIR against Manda Thete", "text": "BHOPAL: The special police establishment (SPE) of the Madhya Pradesh Lokayukta has registered an FIR against eight persons including Manda Thete - wife of IAS officer Ramesh Thete - and five senior officials of Apex Bank Jabalpur on charges of cheating and forgery.A case has been registered against Manda Thete, managing director of Apex Bank R B Bhatti, its deputy general manager (DGM) Keshav Deshpande, legal advisor O P Patidar and four other officers, said an SPE official. The bank officers allegedly connived with Manda Thete and helped her to settle a defaulted loan, he said.The Apex Bank, had given a loan of Rs 25 lakh to Manda in 2001, in violation of set norms. She, however, failed to repay the loan. The loan amount accumulated to Rs 93 lakhs including interest accrued on the principal. When she failed to repay the installments despite notices, a case of cheating was registered against her by the bank.Not withstanding the fact that a case was already registered against her, five officials of the bank entered into an understating with her and settled the issue in return of Rs 53 lakh. According to the SPE officials, the legal advisors submitted a false legal opinion to the bank that paved the way for clearing obstacles in the settlement.\"Reserve Bank of India ( RBI) and state government rules forbid any such settlement on defaulted loans, that too when a criminal case has already been registered,\" said the SPE officer. We would prosecute the accused officers within a months time, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16872988", "title": "'Inform land owners before borewell digging work'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In pursuance of directives issued by the Supreme Court, district authorities have asked the agencies engaged in construction of borewells to give prior information before undertaking any such step in order to prevent children from falling inside. A communique issued by the district magistrate(DM) Rajshekhar said that agencies including the gram panchayat, local bodies, municipal corporation concerned would be required to notify in writing, house/land owners 15 days in advance before digging a borewell and tubewell.At the district-level all agencies engaged in such work would be required to get themselves registered by submitting an application at the office of assistant engineer, Minor Irrigation. They would also be required to deposit a fee of Rs 2000 as security deposit in the form of fixed deposit receipt or National Saving Certificate etc.The registration certificate to the agencies would be issued by the assistant engineer, minor irrigation on the recommendation of the district magistrate(DM).The DM informed that Drilling agencies would take necessary safety measures before executing any work and put up a notice board at the drilling spot mentioning the details including name and address of the agency. Besides barriers have to be put up at the spot and a concrete platform has to be constructed at the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16872438", "title": "It's better to ignore Kejriwal &amp; Co: Mulayam Singh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav on Thursday said Arvind Kejriwal and his India Against Corruption should not be given much importance saying, \"They've been leveling allegations against political leaders and not a single inquiry has been constituted into any of these allegations.\"He further said, \"Accusing someone is easy. But proving the allegations is very difficult. Kejriwal and IAC claim they have evidences, but have they given these evidences to you (media),\" Mulayam asked. \"Their allegations are being given undue importance. Ignore them for some time. They will get tired and eventually go silent.\"The SP boss said that such accusations against politicians have seldom proved to be true. \"Merely leveling allegations against someone doesn't do any good to society,\" he said. These allegations should be taken to their logical conclusion so that it's clear whether these were true or untrue, he said, shortly after releasing a publication titled \"Naraindeep\" conceived by veteran Congressman Narain Dutt Tewari on his 88th birthday.Earlier, his son and chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, when asked about to comments on Kejriwal's expose on the trust run by the Khurshids, asked, \"Kejriwal, who?\" This was followed by pin drop silence followed by loud guffaws. He refuted the charge that his government was trying to protect Khurshid in lieu of favours from the Centre in the DA case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "16870686", "title": "Collection shows rare conches", "text": "LOHARDAGA: One thing that makes the community puja in Rampur village, 10 km east of Lohardaga, is Narendra Singh and his unique collection of conches.Singh, who is a kshatriya by birth and a priest by profession, possesses several conches of various shapes and sizes. The objects, some of which are priceless, are about 100 years old. They are believed to be gifted to the family by a devotee of Durga.But the collection features three special conches, which are used only during Durga Puja. The 56-year-old priest, who spends most of his time reading books on philosophy and Hinduism, said two types of conches are famous - Dakshinavarti and Vamavarti. The first one, which cannot be blown, is usually seen in the hands of gods and goddesses and cannot be blown.The second one, according to priest Pranav Kumar Pathak, when blown produces positive waves. According to mythology, Vamavarti, also known as Panchajanya in the Mahabharata, was blown by Lord Vishnu during Kurukshetra.The conches are like a treasure for this Durga devotee who also worships Ramkrishna Paramhansa of Dakshineshwar, Bama Khepa of Tarapith and Baba Kinna Ram of Banaras as his gurus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16872208", "title": "New proof signals giant crash created the Moon", "text": "WASHINGTON: Researchers claim to have found fresh physical evidence that the Moon was born in a flaming blaze when a Mars sized body smashed into the early Earth in a cataclysmic collision.Analysis of lunar rocks brought back by the Apollo missions shows they have heavier forms of zinc - a telltale sign of the impact billions of years ago.Without the Moon, there may have been no life on Earth because it once orbited much closer to us than it does now causing massive tides to ebb and flow every few hours.These tides caused dramatic fluctuations in salinity around coastlines which are believed to have driven the evolution of primitive DNA-like biomolecules.Researchers led by Dr Frederic Moynier from Washington University said the zinc enrichment probably arose because heavier atoms condensed out of the cloud of vapourized rock quicker than lighter ones.\"What we wanted were the basalts because they're the ones that came from inside the Moon and would be more representative of the Moon's composition,\" Moynier, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "16872394", "title": "2nd edition of interactive event for young leaders on October 20", "text": "KOHIMA: On October 20, young leaders from various fields will come together to speak at 'Eclectic Young Leaders Connect 2' on the theme 'Connect, Exchange and Strengthen' at Kohima. The event is being organized by YouthNet, a non-profit organization with a mission to help youth acquire knowledge.Talking to the media, YouthNet director Hekani Jakhalu said the social organization, in collaboration with the Nagaland government, is all set to hold the second edition of the interactive event.She informed that 25 speakers, including nine from Nagaland, will take part in the event. The participants will include some top young Indian leaders from the fields of entrepreneurship , sports , media, politics and education.Jakhalu said that this year's theme, 'Connect, Exchange and Strengthen', is meant to bring young people together so they can engage in projects, exchange views and strengthen their knowledge base. The conclave will also deliberate on repositioning of the northeast as often the national media projects the region and its people negatively, neglecting the success stories and positive aspects. There are many arenas in which the northeast can contribute to India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16873547", "title": "Rain, civic works hold up traffic", "text": "CHENNAI: Travel time doubled and traffic piled up in several areas after heavy rain lashed the city on Wednesday night and Thursday morning. For instance, professionals travelling from Thiruvanmiyur to Gandhi Mandapam Road, a distance of just 6.8km, spent 30 minutes on the road, more than double the average travel time.One of the main reasons why traffic crawled was the ongoing storm water drain construction in the older parts of south Chennai, like Thiruvanmiyur, Adyar, Alwarpet and Mylapore. This was despite senior corporation officers instructing contractors to stop work on drains by the beginning of October and cover the trenches before the monsoon. Since this was not done, the mud covering the trenches ran out onto the roads in the rain. In some places, the trenches were not even covered.\"The storm water drain construction has made walking on Kalakshetra Road difficult because you are scared your feet will sink through the slush,\" said R Chandramouli, a resident.\"Since LB Road was jammed through the day, people who took alternative routes through Indira Nagar Third Avenue and Kasturibai Nagar to reach Madhya Kailash had to dodge recently covered trenches,\" said another resident Sai Rao.Making matters worse were traffic signals that stopped working along arterial roads such as Anna Salai and Kamaraj Salai.On CP Ramaswamy Road, security guards at commercial establishments had a scare when a 70-year-old copper pod tree fell early in the morning. One of them called his manager who informed the corporation. The civic body staff laboured for more than five hours to clear the tree, which was more than 50 feet high. Traffic moved at a snail's pace as the fallen tree occupied nearly a third of the road. \"We are lucky it didn't fall two hours later. Our customers park cars here and many people walk under the tree,\" said Anil Kapoor of Saagar's Furnishing. \"For the past 10 days, we have been telling the corporation to either strengthen the tree or cut it before it falls, but nothing was done. Two more trees are tilting precariously on either side.\"A large tree also fell across Perumal Koil Street Extension , blocking the access of more than 100 families to the main Ponniamman Koil Street. \"We were informed at around 9am, but it's a big and thorny tree, so it means twice the work,\" said a tree cutter at the spot. Residents had to drive through BHEL flats, which leads to the other side of Perumal Koil Street, to go about their daily work.While the civic body kept its promise of buying more tree cutting machines and distributing it to the various zonal offices, residents say they could have made an effort to strengthen weak trees. \"None of these trees weakened overnight. The ward engineers should have inspected and made a list of such trees and tried strengthening them,\" said Vinod Subramanian, a resident of the street.At least five trees fell in the rain, in Madhya Kailash junction, Luz Church Road, Halls Garden, Amman Road and Thiru Vi Ka Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16875584", "title": "Viraj Bhatt's next release coming soon", "text": "Bhojpuri audience is waiting eagerly for Viraj Bhatt's next release. Viraj Bhatt is set to woo the audience with his upcoming 'Himmatwala'. Produced by Aadi Shakti Entertainment and Kumari Mayi Movies, Himmatwala has some unique actions sequences and many romantic songs.Songs have been written by Vinay Bihari, Pyarelal Yadav and Rakesh Mishra. Film is co-produced by Shiv Pandey. And music is by Vishnu Prakash. Viraj Bhatt, Tanu Chatterjee, Suprerna Singh, Priya Sharma, Anil Yadav and many more will be seen in important roles in the movie.Source : bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16872072", "title": "Board a tonga, ride around like royalty this Dasara", "text": "MYSORE: Wanna feel like the 'Maharaja of Mysore', then do not miss to take the tonga ride during your visit to Mysore this Navarathri.Here is an opportunity to enjoy the city's charm leisurely by taking one of the traditional modes of transport to go around the city. Tongawallahs will take you around Mysore Palace and around the city for just Rs 100 (for four persons) and Rs 200 in Sarot. They will cover a distance of about 2km per ride. You will find tongas stationed at the north gate of Mysore Palace.This year Mysore tonga association has fixed two different routes - one is around Mysore Palace and other route covers Albert Victor - KR Circle - Sayyaji Rao Road - Visvesvaraya Circle - Irwin Road - Ashoka Road and back to north gate of Mysore Palace. The tongawallahs will also take you to places of your choice in Mysore.Association secretary Siddappa says that tonga rides have always been popular and they are not restricted to just the Dasara. \"Riding on a tonga around the Mysore Palace gives a feeling of royalty. It is especially exciting in the evening as the roads are illuminated with festive lights,\" he says. The association has a request from the authorities which is to provide them a little more parking space and the officials are considering it.As part of Dasara festival, the district administration has roped in two dozen tongas including eight sarots. The tonga riders have been given uniforms and traditional Mysore Peta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16873350", "title": "Traders move HC against EC\u2019s cash raids", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An association of traders, Bhagyoday Jan Parishad, on Thursday filed a PIL in the Gujarat high court complaining against authorities who raid vehicles to check for unaccounted cash being used for elections. The petitioners claimed officials harass traders while they are in transit with cash for business purposes.They claim that businessmen do not have any objection against strict implementation of the model code of conduct during assembly elections, but these raids and seizures of cash are nothing but harassment under the garb of implementation of model code of conduct. The PIL also complains that traders cannot pursue their business because of the authorities' actions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16872705", "title": "Police book 3 students in ragging case", "text": "LUCKNOW: Three students of Government Ayurvedic College, Talkatora Road were booked by the police on Thursday, for allegedly ragging their junior students. The incident was reported to local Bazarkhala police station following which a case was lodged, and Vikas Chowdhary (2006 batch), Upendra Nath (2008 batch) and Shashikant (2006 batch) have been charged under Section 5 of the Prevention of Ragging Act. The complainant of the case is Ujjwal Shivhare, a first year student of the college residing at the student hostels situated on the campus. Shivhare had alleged that he had been ragged earlier by the same, trio but he had ignored the matter.According to police the three seniors who too happen to be hostellers, supposedly abused and teased their juniors on regular basis. On Thursday the matter took an ugly turn when they slapped Shivhare and asked him to stand on the bench for hours. Shivhare was supported by 16 more students of his batch who also told the police about the menace.The three seniors in their defence claimed that the incident had been overplayed and their acts were not as extreme in nature as they have been made out to be in the police complaint. Meanwhile, the police said that investigations will be carried out in the matter and if required, the students will be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16872938", "title": "Food and drug administration raids medical agency, seizes drugs", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A team of food and drug administration (FDA) led by assistant commissioner (drugs) Kamal Arora on Thursday raided a medical agency at Baluaghat crossing and seized psychotropic drugs worth Rs 20,000. The raid was carried out on a tip-off.Arora said a team of FDA conducted raid at SL Medical Agency and seized psychotropic drugs including compose and nitrosum. Nitrosum is consumed by petty offenders for addiction. He added that the agency concerned failed to produce any records or stocks of the medicines seized.The matter came to light when police rounded up some petty offenders who spilled the beans about the medical agency. The FDA team was keeping a watch on the agency for past five days. On Thursday, when the medical agency was opened, the FDA team raided the agency and seized the stock of psychotropic drugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16872095", "title": "Times Gehena exhibition opens today", "text": "PUNE: 'Times Gehena,' a two-day exhibition of bridal wear and jewellery will start on Friday at Hotel Le Meridien at 10.30 am. Actor Vidya Malavade will inaugurate the show.Gehena reflects the latest trends in bridal jewellery, attire, designing and displaying traditional as well as contemporary styles from all over the country.Times Gehena is an ideal shopping destination for would-be brides and grooms where they can find everything under one roof,fulfill their wedding shopping related requirements - jewellery, apparels, beauty salons, honeymoon and holiday packages and many other things a newly-wedded couple would need in their home.The exhibition will be open till October 21 between 10.30 am and 8.30 pm. tnn (END)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16872147", "title": "Bihar CM Nitish Kumar to visit Pakistan from November 9 to 16", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar will make an official visit to Pakistan for a week from November 9 to 16. According to official sources, he is expected to visit Islamabad, Lahore and Karachi besides the archaeological sites of Mohenjodaro and Takshila.He is likely to meet Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari , PM Raja Parvez Ashraf and chairman of Pakistan Tahrik-e-Insaf Party, Imran Khan , among other leaders. Khan, in a recent interview, had heaped praise on Nitish.The CM, whose tour has been finalized by the ministry of external affairs, was invited to Pakistan by an all-party parliamentary delegation that visited Bihar in August. The MPs had extended him the invitation from the Pakistan's National Assembly and Senate as well as four provinces of Punjab, Sindh, Baluchistan and Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa. The invitation had come through Pakistan Institute of Legislative Development and Transparency (PILDAT), which had done a survey in Bihar and reported about the high level of development in the state. It had recommended the Pak delegation to visit Bihar.Nitish will be, probably, the first chief minister after Punjab CM to visit Pakistan on a goodwill mission. He is likely to lead a 11-member delegation comprising art, culture and youth affairs minister Sukhda Pandey, industries minister Renu Kumari Kushwaha, chief secretary A K Sinha, principal secretary, home, Amir Subhani, principal secretary to CM Anjani Kumar Singh and state minority commission chairman Naushad Ahmad.For Nitish, a visit to Pakistan will further boost his image among the Muslim community in the state because many Muslim families in the state and other parts of northern India have their relatives in Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16873378", "title": "Monica\u2019s death: Cops seize, check GMH-16 footage", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Probing fresh allegations pertaining to the death of school teacher Monica Goyal, whose body was found at her Sector 21 house under mysterious circumstances on October 15, Chandigarh police seized the CCTV footage of Government Multi-speciality Hospital, Sector 16, (GMH-16), and started scrutinizing it on Thursday.Quoting the victim's neighbours, the dead computer teacher's family alleged, \"Monica was taken to GMH-16 by her husband Vikas Goyal and mother-in-law Prem Lata in the wee hours of October 15, but not to the emergency. They apparently changed their mind on seeing the rush there and returned without seeing a doctor.\"Nearly two dozen members of Monica's family staged a protest at Sector 19 police station on Thursday, seeking registration of a murder case. They also accused police of ignoring the findings of Monica's postmortem report, listing two head injuries. \"How can an injury be caused on the head due to hanging, and why did the police not register a case of murder when we lodged a complaint stating that she was killed,\" asked Amit Kumar, Monica's brother.Bhagwan Dass, the dead woman's father, said, \"I was aware of all the facts, including delay by her in-laws and husband in bringing her body to GMH-16. But instead of registering the case on my statement, cops went by my son Amit, who did not know the whole story.\"Sector 19 police station SHO Harjeet Kaur, said, \"During interrogation, Prem Lata and Gyan Parkash accepted that washing bloodstained bedsheet in her room.\" DSP Vijay Kumar said till now no evidence suggested that it was a murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16872634", "title": "It's better to ignore Kejriwal &amp; Company: Mulayam Singh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party (SP) chief Mulayam Singh Yadav on Thursday said Arvind Kejriwal and his India Against Corruption (IAC) should not be given much importance. Talking to the media at a book release function held at the party headquarters in Lucknow on Thursday afternoon, he refused to comment on the IAC's allegations against either BJP president Nitin Gadkari or Union law minister Sulman Khurshid.Earlier in the day, addressing another gathering in Kanpur, the SP president said the political scenario in the country was extremely fluid. \"No one knew what will happen in Delhi tomorrow. Things have not been so unpredictable ever before,\" he said.Trying to play down Kejriwal's allegations against political leaders, Mulayam said: \"They have been leveling allegations against political leaders and not a single inquiry has been constituted into any of these allegations. Accusing someone is something very easy. But proving the allegations is almost as difficult. They (Kejriwal and Company) claim they have evidences, but have they given these evidences to you (media),\" Mulayam asked. \"Their mere allegations are being given undue importance. Ignore them for some time. They will get tired of repeating the same thing again and again and will eventually go silent,\" he said.Mulayam explained that accusations had been leveled against politicians at various levels in the past as well and very few of them have proved true. \"Merely leveling allegations against someone doesn't do any good to the society,\" he said. What was more important is that these allegations should be taken to a logical conclusion so that it becomes clear if the allegations were true or not. It was meaningless to level charges against political leaders, he said talking to the media after releasing an annual publication titled \"Naraindeep\" conceived by the veteran Congressman Narain Dutt Tewari on his 88{+t}{+h} birthday.Mulayam's statement is just a reflection of what his son and chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said a days back. When asked about his comments on Kejriwal's expose on the Trust run by Khurshid, his wife, akhilesh asked: \"Kejriwal, who?\" This was followed by a pin drop silence and peels of laughter. He also refuted the charges that the his government was trying to protect Khurshid in lieu of favours from the Centre in the DA case.Not only Mulayam and Akhilesh, other senior leaders of the party have been equally quiet about Kejriwal's expose. Senior leader and urban development minister Azam Khan recently said that IAC had flourished on the resources of Bharataiya Janata Party (BJP) and now they were leveling allegations against the party chief Nitin Gadkari which was meaningless.Addressing a gathering in Kanpur earlier, Mulayam described the political situation in the country as highly fluid. \"This is or the first time ever that even political parties in the country are not sure about the government that will come up in the Centre after the next Lok Sabha elections,\" Mulayam said. \"Things have come to such a pass that one does not know what will happen in Delhi (read national politics) tomorrow. This has never been the case before,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16873306", "title": "Maharaja\u2019s alumni group launches website", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16871513", "title": "MBA graduates swindle Rs 30 lakh with cloned cards", "text": "KOLKATA: Rajesh Choube, Pankaj Kumar and Deepak Jaiswal are in their late twenties, belong to affluent families, have graduated from reputable business schools in Mumbai and Bangalore and held plum corporate jobs before they decided they wanted to make big money. And fast.Late last month, they arrived in the city from Patna , determined to make a killing in the festive season. For the next ten days or so, they robbed unsuspecting Kolkatans of Rs 30 lakh by cloning their credit cards. Their merry run may have continued for some more days had greed not given them away \u2014 the trio aroused suspicion with swipes amounting to Rs 3 lakh over two days as they splurged at a city bar. The New Market police station was alerted.When they were arrested at a south Kolkata hotel on Wednesday, the police found a complete cloning unit in their room \u2014 a laptop and two cloning devices \u2014 as well as 78 credit cards. Police said they had also found card detail of several persons in New York . They have been remanded in police custody till October 30, said DP Singh, DC Central.The trio arrived in the city on September 27 and changed hotels on alternate days to avoid suspicion, police said. Their modus operandi was similar to that of credit card rackets around the world \u2014 the trio bought information embedded in credit cards along with their CVV numbers from overseas rackets.Scamsters got data from foreign gangsThese rackets have their 'employees', known as runners, planted at malls, pubs, restaurants and petrol pumps. The runners use skimmers or gadgets installed beside card swipe machines. When a customer offers a card for a swipe, the runner puts the card in the cloning machine. The data is collected by these overseas gangs, who then sell it.Swindlers like Choube, Kumar and Jaiswal use these details to make duplicate cards. Police said the trio first put up at a Sudder Street hotel, where they spent Rs 75,000 and paid with a cloned card.\"They embossed details of US-based bank cards in Indian ones,\" said an investigator. They never swiped the same card twice as Indian banks send SMS updates about bulk transactions to the original cardholder. Naturally, the card would be deactivated after an unauthorized transaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16872337", "title": "Sharmila in police custody again", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda judicial magistrate first class on Thursday remanded Sharmila Naik, 31, of Bethora-Pondato to four days police custody in connection with two cases of cheating and criminal breach of trust.The accused woman had been arrested on Monday in connection with another case. She was remanded to two days police custody on Tuesday which ended on Thursday.As two new cases had been booked against Naik on Tuesday, police on Thursday sought fresh custody of the accused.Ponda police said they require Naik's custody as they have to recover the gold allegedly borrowed by the accused who allegedly hypothecated it to avail a loan from a private finance company in Ponda.Police have recovered gold in connection with other cases where the modus operandi was followed in the same fashion. Ponda PSI Mohan Gaude is investigating the cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16872951", "title": "Admin keeps vigil on fireworks business", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To check fire accidents at firecracker manufacturing units and cracker shops in the wake of Dussehra and Diwali festivals, joint teams of police and district administration are enforcing strict norms.While district authorities will be issuing temporary licenses to firecracker manufacturing units and shops after police verification, joint teams headed by sub divisional magistrates and deputy superintendents of police have been formed to check sale and storage of explosive material used in production of firecrackers.The 2011 Mauaima blast which claimed several lives proved to be an eye-opener for police and district authorities who began to check strictly illegal manufacture and storage of explosives. Police investigations into the explosion showed that over 5,000 persons were engaged in the crackers manufacturing business in the block as demand for firecrackers made in Mauaima was high in eastern up and adjoining states.Following the blast, police had too seized illegal explosive material brought for manufacturing crackers. Firecrackers like flowerpots, crude bombs and sparklers were seized from nearby spots.This year, police and district authorities are leaving no stone unturned to ensure safe and peaceful festive season and are geared to check the stock of dealers before the festive season and teams have been maintaining a close watch. District authorities have also made it clear that dealers must follow directives or face action. Only licensed traders would be allowed to set up shops/units at spots identified as accident-prone and safety violations will be dealt with strictly.Cracker shops will not be allowed to be set up near residential complexes and traders will have to follow security measures as listed under the Fire Explosives Act. Retail shops will be allowed only in specific areas.District police chief Mohit Agarwal told TOI \"Joint teams of police and district authorities have been entrusted to check storage or production of crackers and teams would be checking the stock registers as well.\"The storage of crackers in populated areas will not be allowed and fire department will examine safety aspects of an area before giving NOC for setting up firecracker shops.Reports claim there are only 18 units that have obtained licence to manufacture firecrackers in Mauaima, the hub of cracker manufacturing units in the state and Harisenganj localities. Police learnt that most of the households in Mauaima block are engaged in the business and families are unmindful of the risks involved in the trade.As per estimates, illegal crackers worth Rs 100 crore are manufactured in the region during Dussehra and Diwali. The fireworks industry provides employment to over 10,000 people. Almost every house in Mauaima is said to be involved in manufacturing crackers, especially during Diwali.In the last five years, property worth several lakhs of rupees got damaged in fire and several persons lost their lives in explosions at illegal cracker manufacturing units in the district.District magistrate Raj Shekhar said \"Senior officials would be keeping check on stock registers of cracker manufacturers and stockists and added there would be adequate fire fighting arrangements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16876004", "title": "Deccan Chargers move SC against termination from IPL", "text": "NEW DELHI: The cash-strapped Deccan Chargers on Friday moved the Supreme Court against the team's termination from the Indian Premier League ( IPL) by the BCCI .The Deccan Chargers have challenged the Bombay High Court order refusing to set aside a status quo order passed by an arbitrator on cessation of its membership in the league.The appeal against the High Court order was mentioned by senior advocate Mukul Rohatgi before a bench headed by Chief Justice Altamas Kabir, which said it would hear the matter later in the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16875453", "title": "Must-see pandals in Ranchi this Puja", "text": "Bamboo, moti, thread, zari, gota \u2014 you'll get it all. We explore city's must-see pandals this yearDurga Puja has always been an integral part of festive culture in Ranchi. All across the city, the Durga Puja pandals are finally taking shape, with almost all slotted to throw their doors open for revellers on October 20. From replicating temples and palaces to building something entirely out of bamboo or depicting an entire poem collection though designs made by towels, almost 127 Puja organizers have a lot to offer. Hence, we decided to scout for the best ones, which could be the major crowd pullers, this festive season.\"Traditionally in Ranchi, pandals are the biggest and grandest creations. For this year, we zeroed in on the model of Ayodhya's Ram Lalla temple as our Durga Puja pandal. Our team personally went to Ayodhya to fetch a model of the same to be built here,\" informed Rahul Agarwal, spokesman for the Bakri Bazar Durga Puja Samiti. The structure is huge, spread on an area of approximately 135 sq feet, supported by bamboo structures, augmented by ply and cloth. \"We have spent almost `25 lakh on building this temple and artisans are working on it for three months. I believe we will see record number of footfalls, this Puja,\" Agarwal adds. Compared to the huge Ram Temple, the Pandal being built by the Kokar Durga Puja Samiti is rather humble, but with a difference. Chanchal Chatterjee, president of the Samiti tells us, \"We decided to use only eco-friendly stuff in the making of our pandal this time so that the bio-degradable material could be easily disposed after the Pujas. A lot of these materials could be recycled but it is never done. Hence, our entire pandal will feature elaborate artwork made of towels bonded on cardboards. Furthermore, all the design patterns depicting Lord Shiva, Parvati and others are based on Rabindranath Tagore's Geetanjali, which is another first for Ranchi.\"Another temple replica, which is should be on the must-visit list for pandal-hoppers is the elegant Maluti temple, taking shape in Hinoo. Built by the Hinoo Durga Puja Samiti, the second oldest Puja Samiti in Ranchi, is incidentally also celebrating its 100th anniversary, this year. \"As we are celebrating the centenary year, we planned to do something grand this time and settled for famous Maluti temples of Dumka. Besides the state government has recently decided to conserve temples as heritage places, so, by replicating the Maluti temples here, we wanted to create awareness about the historical importance of these temples among the people of Ranchi. Also, the idol will be installed inside will be in traditional Bengali style, which has been sculpted by city-based artiste, Jagdish Pal,\" informs Inderjeet Sinha, president of the Samiti.Another original pandal concept, which is being implemented in Ranchi for the first time is the bamboo pandal. This pandal built on Ratu road is an instant eye-catcher. The poles have been painted in golden hues and bear ornate designs made of silk threads, pasted on them using glue. \"Our artisans from Kolkata have been working for a few months now but it is only now that we are assembling it here,\" says Krishna Yadav, president of the RR Sports Club Puja Samiti.Last on our list is the replica of Rani Mahal of Jodhpur, which is being brought to the city by Rajasthan Mitra Puja Samiti, along the banks of Ranchi Lake. The pandal has been decorated with exquisite pearl and traditional gota work. \"Hamara pandal Jodhpur ke mashhoor Rani Mahal se inspired hai aur pure pandal par hath se motiyon aur zari ka kam kiya gaya hai,\" says Ramesh Sharma, president of the Samiti. Costing around `13 lakh, the pandal, glowing with the lights in night time is a visual treat. \"We are expecting no less than 15 lakh devotees, this year. We are even having guests from as far as Delhi this year, who want to celebrate Dushehra and Durga Puja in Ranchi's ambiance,\" Sharma avers. Seems like residents of Ranchi are in for a gala time this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16870738", "title": "Ranchi ready for puja revelleries", "text": "RANCHI: With only two days remaining for the opening of pandals, the various puja organizing committees in the city are working overnight to give last-minute touches to the pandals. The work is almost complete in most of the pandals and the security and safety arrangements have already been made.Apart from the administration, puja pandal committees have also made separate arrangements for safety and security of pandal hoppers this year. The committees which make the big and famous pandals and attract thousands of visitors have addition measures in making safety arrangements.The Bhartiya Navyuvak Sangh, which organizes puja at Bakri Bazar is ready with arrangements from fire safety to security. Sanjay Chaudhary, member of the committee, said, \"Apart from what the administration is offering, we will have 12 fire extinguishers and one ambulance with 24-hour doctor facility and first aid kit. Moreover, apart from the policemen deployed by administration, we have hired 100 security guards from a private security company of which 80 will be men and 20 women.\"Chairperson of Kokar Puja Samiti, Chanchal Chaterjee alleged that the administration was not offering any help and all arrangements were being made by the committee itself. \"All the administration has done is send us a letter asking us to make proper arrangements. They are neither providing us fire safety service nor security and health services,\" he said.Speaking about the arrangements made by the committee, Chatterjee said, \"We have made a deal with two nearby hospitals and they will be organizing health camps in front of the pandal. We have also arranged for fire extinguishers and water tanks in case of fire.\" Similarly, the Rajasthan Mitra Mandal has also made various safety arrangements. Ramesh Sharma, member of the committee, said,\"We will be having six fire extinguishers in the pandal. We have the benefit of having a hospital in front of the pandal and a pond at the rear. Also we have installed three motors to draw water from the pond within five minutes in case of fire.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16873154", "title": "Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya to announce PhD entrance results within five days after exam", "text": "INDORE: To speed up admission process in PhD courses, authorities of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) have decided to announce the entrance examination in a record time of five days after the examination, which is perceived contrary to the previous track record of the varsity administration. In a meeting of the head of departments held on Thursday, a comprehensive discussion about the preparation of entrance examination and its formalities took place. The heads decided to announce the results of the entrance examination on November 9, five days after the examination which is to be held on November 4.Dr M.S Parmar, public relation officer, Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya, said, \"More than 4,000 aspirants have shown interest in carrying out research in subjects of their choice. The varsity has made proper arrangements for conducting the examination in all the departments. A departmental research committee was constituted during the meeting while the departmental heads reviewed the status of preparation.\"Nearly 4,246 applicants will be facing the first entrance examination for enrolment into PhD courses in varsity and its affiliated colleges. A maximum number of 607 candidates have applied for doctorate in social sciences followed by management aspirants (553). Other subjects where majority of students have shown interest are computer science and life sciences. \"The meeting also announced the eligibility criteria. SC/ST category students will have to score 35% marks to qualify for further scrutiny while for general category, 40 % would be the passing marks. Later, departmental research committee will hold interviews of the successful candidates, which will finally lead to PhD registrations,\" said Dr Parmar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16872748", "title": "'500 habitations to get road connection in next 2 years'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief secretary Jawed Usmani on Thursday announced that around 6,221 habitations with population of more than 500, which are not connected through roads would be connected in the first phase over next two years under the State Highway Development Programme. The work has been given to agencies like PWD, Mandi Parishad, Cane Development and Panchayati Raj Department and about Rs 2,692 crore have been sanctioned to construct roads of 6,135 kilometres in length, which would connect these habitations.The agencies that would be responsible to construct these roads would be selected by the committee headed by the DM, on the recommendation of the authorised minister of the district. Once these habitations are connected, habitations with population between 250 and 499 will be connected through roads.While reviewing the work under State Highway Development Programme, the chief secretary said, \"Panchayati Raj department would construct roads connecting 442 habitations of 28 districts with population between 250 and 499 and Cane Development department would connect 113 non-connected habitations in this financial year itself.\" He has instructed the departments to prepare region-wise break-up of these roads and get it approved from the chief minster through the concerned minister by presenting this break-up on the map.Usmani directed that various agencies like LDA, NHAI, and PWD etc who are engaged in constructing ring roads and by-passes shall leave their earlier projects and instead present a detailed plan on constructing the by-passes connecting to the district headquarters under State Highway Development Plan.He also said that the new roads would be constructed and older ones would be repaired under PPP model. He announced all these developments in a meeting attended by the principal secretary of PWD Kumar Arvind Singh Dev and principal secretary of rural development Rajiv Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16873015", "title": "German yoga group visits Sangam city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A 15-members German Yoga group headed by Stefan Datt and Miriam from Berlin, Germany visited city with a motive to spread Indian culture and music all over the world.The group also took holy dip in the Sangam.Informing this, Datt said other objective for visiting the city was to meet the Mallik family hailing from the famous Darbhanga Gharana of musicians who stay in Allahabad.The group organises the biggest Yoga festivals in Berlin every year with more than 10,000 people taking part from diverse groups of society.He said that the festival features more than 50 Yogis, saints and musicians where also the Mallick family headed by Prem Kumar Mallick also conduct a Nada music workshop.The team also organised a Nada yoga session in the city which was held under the supervision of Prem Kumar Mallick, a top Grade artist of All India Radio and Doordarshan and a professor in the department of Music at Allahabad University.The group left for Varanasi from where they would go to Haidwar to take a holy dip in the Ganga.The group head, Stefan Datt said that their visit to Ganga is guided by the spirit of purification of heart and soul and they wish to spread this message further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16872250", "title": "Glimpse of true women's empowerment in Dispur Sarbajanin Shakti puja", "text": "GUWAHATI: The lighting and interiors here as compared to the other puja pandals in the city may not be that magnificent or even remotely theme-based, as is the norm these days, but the Dispur Sarbajanin Durga Puja Udjapan Committee is the epitome of female empowerment and communal harmony.The committee comprises only women, and that too belonging to diverse communities and religions. The women are responsible for all the tasks, from ordering the 'pratima' or the prime idol, procuring puja condiments, to purchasing of puja ingredients and even collection of 'chanda' for the puja. The driver who caters to the transportation need of the members is also a woman.At a time when women are making a mark in every sphere of life, it is ironical that the role of women, especially in traditional societies, is still limited. No wonder then, that India, along with some other countries, fares rather poorly when it comes to empowerment of women. With the recent spate of rape incidents in the country, Indian women have been given a raw deal and their status questioned.It is common for men to undertake most of the work, even in the worship of 'Shakti', leave alone their sole participation in the pre or post-puja preparations. Women are conspicuous by their absence. It is here that the DSDPU committee breaks the monopoly of the males, and apart from doing all the 'male work', the committee cultivates the essence of social integration through its Muslim, Oriya, Bengali, Boro, Punjabi, Tribal and Assamese members.\"The puja was stared in 2007 and in the initial phase it was a different set-up altogether. After some changes in the organisational set-up, the committee welcomed new members who comprised women from different communities and religions, and this gave the committee a cosmopolitan look. The role of each member is designated. We also have a lady cook who prepares the 'bhog'. We tried to get a female pandit but didn't succeed; the women execute all the tasks,\" said Kasturi Das Senapati, general secretary DSDPUC. The committee also undertakes the preparation for Kali and Lakshmi Puja as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16872048", "title": "Eye on policy changes, PMO gets new faces", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fresh faces and new thinking has been infused into the Prime Minister's Office.Manmohan Singh has rejiged his office to bring in some of the brightest bureaucrats from the MEA as part of an administrative shake-up, which promises more policy changes.Vikram Misri has taken over from Jaideep Sarkar as private secretary to the PM, a key job, held by Sarkar for over seven years. Sarkar, a PM;s favourite, will become the new ambassador to Israel that is considered a prized posting. Misri was brought in from Munich, where he was India's consul-general to become joint secretary, PMO, after his predecessor, Pankaj Saran went on to become High Commissioner to Bangladesh.Javed Ashraf has taken Misri's place as joint secretary in the PMO, after serving for almost two years as joint secretary Americas, where he was the custodian of India's US relationship. His move to the PMO is considered significant, because he would be the linchpin of a lot of policy work cutting across sectors.In the MEA, Vikram Doraiswamy has been given charge of the Americas division, which is generally believed to be one of the key assignments. Doraiswamy, who is proficient in Mandarin, was in charge of SAARC countries after returning from South Africa.Although the IFS is a fairly small service, certainly in the past few months, both the President and the PM have picked them up for key jobs. Pranab Mukherjee selected Gayatri Kumar, who was posted in Paris and was in charge of Americas division earlier, as his social secretary, and Venu Rajamony, also from the IFS and on deputation to the finance ministry, as his press secretary a few months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16870617", "title": "Address homebuyers\u2019 complaints: NCR planning board", "text": "NOIDA: Following representations made to the Union urban development ministry by homebuyers of Greater Noida West against rampant cancellations of bookings of housing units in the region, the NCR Planning Board has directed the housing and urban planning department of Uttar Pradesh and Greater Noida Authority to examine the complaints. The planning board has directed for appropriate action to be taken on behalf of the authorities to mitigate the complaints of homebuyers.The planning board has also written to the UP-NCR Planning and Monitoring Cell in Ghaziabad, the regional NCR planning unit of Uttar Pradesh, apart from the industrial development department of the state to resolve the issues concerning cancellations of housing units.In a meeting with Union urban development minister, Kamal Nath , over a month back, homebuyers had complained that developers in Greater Noida West had resorted to rampant cancellation of bookings on 'flimsy grounds' after the Master Plan 2021 of Greater Noida Authority was cleared by the NCR Planning Board.Homebuyers said that the planning board has taken up the matter with the state government after the intervention of Kamal Nath.\"Developers, who had all along the crisis period promised to put no extra burden on existing buyers, have gone back on their words,\" said Annu Khan, president of a homebuyers' group, Noida Extension Flat Owners' and Members Association. \"While bookings had been confirmed on 10% payment of basic sale price of flats, they are being cancelled on various grounds,\" said Khan.Buyers had staged a protest in Noida last week against developers who have been issuing such cancellation letters. They have also threatened of launching yet another protest on Friday. \"We had set upon the developers a time limit of five days to resolve these issues. However, there has been no action taken yet on the matter,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16870810", "title": "Dengue: East Delhi ill-equipped to handle outbreak", "text": "NEW DELHI: As many as 33 fresh cases of dengue were reported in the capital on Thursday, taking the total number of cases to 551. Municipal officials said fumigation has been intensified to check the outbreak. The health department has been asked to monitor availability of platelets and enough beds for critical patients in both government and private hospitals, said state health minister A K Walia.\"We have also taken up awareness campaigns through the media and at the official level to spread awareness about dengue symptoms, severity and prevention,\" the health minister added.Nearly half (15) of Thursday's cases were recorded in Shahdara (north and south), which falls under the East Delhi Municipal Corporation. The corporation has been hit by a manpower crunch and has asked for extra manpower and machinery from the other corporations.\"Hiring has been stopped due to fund crunch. East Delhi residents have to bear the brunt. We are planning to take up the matter and recruit more people on contract basis,\" said Mehek Singh, chairman, standing committee, East Delhi Municipal Corporation.Even the fogging machines are out of order. \"The machines are getting repaired and we have asked for more machines,\" said Singh. The corporation has 4,281 officials in Shahdara (South) and 3,693 in Shahdara (North).\"We are still working on the number of officials we need and work is being carried out,\" said a corporation official.As per anti-larval cross checking reports by Directorate of National Vector-Borne Disease Control Programme, mosquito-breeding is still high in some areas such as New Ashok Nagar, Tughlaqabad Village, Matiala and Najafgarh. The South Delhi Municipal Corporation recently issued challans to several important institutions, including IIT Delhi and JNU, for not checking mosquito breeding in certain areas.\"Mosquito-breeding is more common inside homes and offices than in drains or parks. Our advice to all citizens is that they should carefully look for any unused object at home that may have stagnant water,\" said a senior health official.He said that dengue cases are likely to reduce in the next few weeks, as the temperature falls. \"But people must continue to take all possible prevention,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "idupulapaya", "code": "16871330", "title": "'I'm the missile fired by Jagan'", "text": "IDUPULAPAYA: Sharmila announced her arrival in the political field in the state when she campaigned for YSR Congress candidate Konda Surekha during the by-elections in Parkal in Warangal in June this year. While Surekha lost, Sharmila stole the thunder with her feisty speech. On Thursday, Sharmila was her usual fiery self before launching the 'Maro Praja Prasthanam' padayatra at Idupulapaya, the YSR family's home turf. And this time, the sister of YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy brooked nothing less than a victory for her brother and the party in the 2014 elections.Comparing herself to Arjuna's 'saradhi', she roared, \"I am the missile fired by Jagan to dethrone this Congress government. My brother is the archer and I am his arrow.\" Repeating what she said in Parkal, Sharmila introduced herself as \"YSR's daughter, Jagan's sister and an ordinary worker of YSR CP... I am launching this padayatra to bring back Rajanna rajyam (YSR's rule).\" While her late father YSR brought the Congress to power in 2003 with his Maha Prasthanam (1,500-km padayatra), Sharmila is scheduled to walk over 3,000 km covering all the 23 districts.Tearing into the Congress and TDP, Sharmila alleged that both the parties were against the existence of a third political party in the state. That was the reason why Chandrababu Naidu had launched his padayatra and ensured that Jagan remained in jail for a longer period. \"Both TDP and Congress are hand in glove to keep Jagananna away from the people. But Jagan will come back and usher in Rajanna rajyam,\" she thundered, drawing loud cheers from thousands of villagers, followers, and YSR CP supporters. She said cases against Naidu were never pursued while her was put under the scanner by various agencies. \"Why only Jagan?\" she asked and alleged that a delegation of TDP MPs met Union minister Chidambaram asking him to influence the judge and utilise the Enforcement Directorate to frame Jagan. \"It was on the same day the ED had attached the properties of Sakshi group,\" she saidand expressed confidence that the padayatra would be concluded by Jagan after his release from the jail. Sharmila's padayatra was flagged off by her mother Vijayamma. \"One of my children is in jail and I am sending another to you,\" Vijayamma said and added they were surviving because of the people's love and support despite Congress' witch-hunt.She said the padayatra was Jagan's idea when they met him in Chanchalguda jail recently. \"He wanted us to remain with the people, listen, understand and solve their problems. Since Jagan is in jail, my daughter Sharmila had volunteered to take up the padayatra,\" she said. Vijayamma said they would expose the state government and its nexus with the TDP in targeting Jagan during Sharmila's padayatra. Sources said the padayatra is a counter to Naidu's 117-day walkathon he launched on October 2 from Hindupur.Earlier, accompanied by her mother and Jagan's wife Bharathi, Sharmila paid tributes at the YSR Ghat in their sprawling Idupulapya estate. A multi-religious prayer was organised where priests wished her luck for the success of her padayatra. Later, Sharmila visited the nearby IIIT and interacted with the students.On the first day, she walked 13 km covering Veerannagattupalle, Kumarampalle and Vempally intersection waving to the people and party activists. She wore a black badge in protest against the 'inefficient' Congress government and urged all those walking with her to wear the badges. She stayed overnight at Rajiv Nagar Colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16870769", "title": "Legal battle won, but uncertainty looms over fate of oustees", "text": "GURGAON: The fate of over 500 oustees, who have won their legal battle in Punjab and Haryana high court, is uncertain because the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has now moved the Supreme Court.HUDA officials in Gurgaon have been informed about the decision of filing a special leave petition (SLP) in the apex court recently. Early this year, on the petitions of the oustees, the high court had asked the state government to come up with a \"working paper\" and ensure a speedy solution to the problems faced by the oustees. The court had also directed HUDA to settle the claims of all the oustees.In Gurgaon, HUDA has to give land to over 500 oustees whose land was acquired for development of new sectors.A senior HUDA official said that the department would now go slow on the decision to settle the claims of oustees. \"Now unless the SLP is decided in the apex court the settlement of the oustees will be taken up in Gurgaon,\" said a senior HUDA official.In the past, HUDA had published advertisements about settlement of the claims of oustees in Gurgaon. HUDA was also planning to formalise a cut-off date for the oustees before settling the claims. As per the tentative plan, HUDA had decided to give land and plots to oustees in HUDA sectors but now all the decisions to finalize the claims have been put on hold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16873358", "title": "Keshubhai Patel\u2019s son booked for traffic violations, car impounded", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Gujarat University police station on Tuesday impounded the car of Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP) chief Keshubhai Patel's son Pravin during a vehicle checking drive.Police released the car on Wednesday after he returned with registration and ownership documents.According to Gujarat University (GU) police officials, a team was deployed at Seema Saurabh crossroads at 6.30 pm on Tuesday when they saw Pravin Patel, 57, talking on the mobile phone while driving.\"We registered a case against Patel for violation of traffic laws,\" said a GU police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16872234", "title": "Appointment process for teachers begins", "text": "PATNA: Education minister P K Sahi on Wednesday said the process to appoint 1,69,658 primary schoolteachers was underway, and the recruitments were being made under the provisions of Bihar Panchayat Primary Teachers (Appointment and Service Condition) Rules-2012 and Bihar Nagar Primary Teachers (Appointment and Service Condition) Rules-2012.Talking to the newsmen, Sahi said recruitment of 53,500 senior secondary teachers and 17,584 secondary teachers in the state in 2012-13 was also proposed.Principal secretary (education) Amarjeet Sinha was also present at the press meet.Sahi said work was on to strengthen 383 incomplete secondary schools and 161 new higher secondary schools. The number of high schools in the state was 3,900 which include 68 government high schools, 72 minority high schools, 250 project high schools, 2,536 nationalized high schools, 963 upgraded high schools and 11 government Sanskrit schools. Besides, there are 429 Sanskrit schools; 1,128 madrassas (including nine for girls), 517 'anudanit' secondary schools and 463 'anudanit' senior secondary schools.He said the average attendance of children in elementary schools was 62% with the maximum 71% recorded in Jehanabad and West Champaran districts. According to the minister, the state government has decided to introduce UTI's 'Retirement Benefit Pension Fund' for primary, secondary and higher secondary teachers. A sum of Rs 200 would be contributed to the fund every month by the teacher and the government each.There is a move to construct examination halls for conducting university examinations in every district of the state. The preparation of curriculum for Nalanda International University is being expedited, the minister said and added there was a plan to convert 19 colleges of the state into centre of excellence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16871490", "title": "Mamata Banerjee's official sent to Kolkata Municipal Corporation instead of poll panel", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has decided not to court controversy over the transfer of one of her officials to the state election commission.Instead of sticking to her earlier stance on transferring Tapas Choudhury - who was joint secretary at the chief minister's office (CMO) - as secretary of West Bengal election commission, Mamata has sent the official to Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC).The order for transferring Choudhury as joint municipal commissioner, KMC, was issued on Thursday. Choudhury will replace Sahidul Islam, who has been made project director, Kolkata Environment Improvement Project (KEIP).The move raised eyebrows as the chief minister is not known for going back on a decision. Last month, a hue and cry was raised when the government decided to transfer Choudhury as the secretary, State Election Commission. The transfer was ordered at a time when state election commissioner Mira Pande had gotten into row with the government over postponing the electoral roll revision according to the chief minister's wish.The state election commissioner had pointed out to erstwhile chief secretary Samar Ghosh that it was impossible to advance the panchayat polls to December - again, according to the chief minister's wish - considering the mammoth work involved in the summary roll revision. Preparations for the polls and the enormous task of roll revision couldn't have been done simultaneously, Pande had said.That's when Mamata decided that the chief secretary should write to chief election commissioner V S Sampath in Delhi, seeking a postponement of the roll revision so that the panchayat elections could be advanced. Mamata wants the rural polls to be held in December and January instead of May to negate the anti-incumbency. The government's plea on postponing roll revision was, however, turned down by the election commission. The latter stuck to an earlier order where it was decided that roll revision would begin on October 1. Soon after this, the CM decided to transfer Choudhury as the secretary of State Election Commission.Even as a section of officials at Writers' Buildings insisted that the chief minister's apparent ire against Pande had nothing to do with the transfer order, others saw the move to send a CMO official to the State Election Commission as a deliberate attempt to interfere with the functioning of the autonomous body.The new government has been ordering transfers of officials every now and then, but this is the first time that a decision has been revoked in the face of controversy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16872077", "title": "Madhubani violence: 31 FIRs lodged, 38 in custody", "text": "PATNA: Altogether 38 persons have been arrested and 31 FIRs lodged against hundreds of named and unidentified persons in connection with recent violence and arson in Madhubani district, Madhubani superintendent of police Ranjeet Kumar Mishra said on Thursday.Mishra told TOI 24 persons had been arrested from Khajauli police station and block areas. He said majority of the FIRs were lodged with the Madhubani Town, Khajauli, Kaluwahi, Jainagar, Basopatti and Jainagar GRP police stations against more than 300 named and over 3,000 unidentified persons for conspiring and indulging in violence and arson in Madhubani district on October 12-13.Meanwhile, Prashant, who was found in Mehrauli, New Delhi, on Monday, was expected to be brought by police to Madhubani by late Thursday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16870792", "title": "Security tightened at medical institute", "text": "RANCHI: In the wake of untoward incidents within the premises of the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS), stern measures are being taken by the institute to ensure the safety and security of its students.Construction of boundary walls in and around the hostel and campus area has been undertaken for the purpose. These steps are being taken in view of the spurt of incidents of eve-teasing and nuisance on the campus by anti-social elements in the last few days.Director RIMS Tulsi Mahato said, \"There is an open field just in front of the campus and anti-social elements enter and leave the campus at will. At times, they create nuisance within the campus. So I decided to take the matter into my hands. I have asked the guards to shut the gates of the campus by 8 pm in the night. They have also been asked not to allow any outsider within the institute. As far as the general public is concerned, there is another gate through which they can enter the institute premises.\"Speaking further, he added, \"I have also asked the guards to report to me if such people enter the campus or create any such nuisance on the campus.\" Students also complained that the boundary walls near their hostels and other areas on the campus were in urgent need of repair. \"For this, work has been started from Wednesday. The safety of the students is top priority for us,\" added he.It's the outsiders who are largely responsible for the mess. \"As we have to report to our wards at times, we return quite late in the night and these anti-social elements are becoming a big problem for us. Sometime ago, there was also a case of eve-teasing on the campus and hence we thought of taking our grievance to the director,\" said Priyamvada Tiwary, an undergraduate student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16874253", "title": "I have scored runs in all conditions: Shikhar Dhawan", "text": "NAGPUR: Shikhar Dhawan scored twin hundreds in the last year's Irani Trophy. However, after a forgettable West Indies tour with India 'A', Dhawan lost his place not only in the India 'A' squad for the New Zealand tour but also in the Rest of India playing XI in Irani Trophy this year.It must have hurt him but he has, since made bowlers pay in the NKP Salve Challenger Series and the Duleep Trophy. Dhawan spoke to TOI about his ups and downs.Excerpts:Five-six players from 2004 U-19 World Cup squad went on to play for India. Where did you go wrong?I can't figure out exactly what went wrong despite having done decently, if not extraordinarily, over the years. As an opener, I need to keep raising the bar as senior and established players have done extremely well for India. I have been doing my best, and if I continue to do that, I will surely get my due. When I finally got a chance against Australia in 2010, I got out early and rain played havoc in rest of the series. After that, the seniors were back for the World Cup.Are you disappointed at not being able to cement your place during the last year's West Indies tour?Yes I am. It was a great opportunity for me. I didn't expect to score 350-400 runs in the series, but had set a few targets, which unfortunately I couldn't achieve. I scored fifty in the first game and should have capitalized on starts in the other matches. There were spots available last year and I should have grabbed it.Do you think being an opener is a disadvantage for you?Absolutely not. I love opening and have done well as an opener.You have been in tremendous form this season. How did this transformation come about?I have been working hard, as I have done over the years. I feel much stronger mentally. I did a lot of training at the NCA; played local matches in Delhi and also in other tournaments. Runs there helped my confidence which I carried to major domestic competitions.Does it hurt when critics say Shikhar makes runs on batting tracks?It hurts when I don't do well. I have scored runs in all conditions. I have scored runs in Australia, South Africa and other bouncy pitches. So it doesn't bother me too much. My job is to score runs and that's what I have been doing.How important is first class cricket for a player to stay in tune with himself and the game?First class cricket is very important, not just for me but for every cricketer. If I have played for my country, it's because of my performances in the first class cricket and if I am going to make a comeback I need to do well here. The Indian domestic cricket is very competitive. You get to play against different oppositions on different wickets; in different climatic conditions. So it's a real challenge.How do you react to rejection?Sometimes I do feel bad. But I try to take it positively and work harder. You just can't ponder over it for too long.You are often seen doing different sets of batting drills in the nets. Are you working on anything specific?I just work on the basics. The idea is to keep reminding my body about certain things. I bat in the nets like I do in a match.Would you say that this is a make-or-break season for you?Yes, fortunately I have started very well. Last year too I had done well in Irani Trophy, but didn't have a good Ranji season. This time, however, I am hoping to do well. There are 11 spots in the team I need only one. I am confident of making comeback.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16872257", "title": "Kamakhya Colony puja to spread festive cheer among deprived kids", "text": "GUWAHATI: Come Durga Puja and all puja committees in the city try to attract as many pandal hoppers as they can. While some construct elaborately-decorated pandals, others model their pandals with specific themes and social issues in mind in order to maximize footfall.However, the Kamakhya Colony Puja Sarbajanin Durga Puja Committee, has decided to do things differently as it celebrates its golden jubilee. The committee members have decided to invite over a hundred orphans and differently-abled children and celebrate the festival with them. They will also organize a function to pay a musical tribute to Bhupen Hazarika and Mamoni Raisom Goswami.The committee members say there couldn't be a better way of celebrating 50 years of organizing the puja than inviting the less fortunate children and giving them a reason to celebrate.Besides this, the committee will also be doing its bit to help the flood-affected victims of the state by collecting donations from visitors to their pandal.Preparations are on in full swing and they are pulling out all stops to decorate the pandal in a bid to attract pandal hoppers. A 90-ft 'trishul' or trident is being crafted to depict the slaying of the demon king Mahishasura.\"The committee organized its first-ever Durga Puja in 1962. This year, our theme is Matri Mantra. Besides the main idol, there will be nine other idols depicting the goddess in her nine forms that will be housed in several chambers inside the pandal. We will also be releasing a magazine in the memory of the founding fathers of our committee. We have invited over a hundred orphans and differently-abled children and we will be spending our day celebrating with them,\" said Subir Ghosh, general secretary, Kamakhya Colony Sarbojonin Durga Puja Committee.\"On the fifth day of the puja, we are organizing a special session to pay a tribute to Bhupenda and Mamoni baideo. Bhupenda's songs will be playing throughout the day and we are trying to collect Mamoni baideo's voice recordings,\" added Ghosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16873423", "title": "2 booked for defacing public property", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Police, on Thursday, booked two persons in different cases for defacing public property by pasting posters at various places here. One of them has been arrested. Police said they have arrested Shekhar Verma, a resident of PGIMER Colony in Sector 12.\"Verma had pasted posters advertizing tuition classes at various places in Sector 22. He was arrested after police tracked him through the help of the phone number written on the posters. Police have also recovered a large number of posters, which were to be pasted in various parts of the city, from his possession,\" said a police official here.In another case, police booked a man, accused of pasting posters, advertising about a mobile company, in different parts of Sector 23. However his identity could not be ascertained and a probe in this regard is on.In the last four months, police have arrested around 30 men, including 15 college and Panjab University students for the same offence.As per West Bengal Property Defacement Act, there is a provision for imprisonment for a term that may be extended to six months or a fine which may go up to Rs 1,000 or both, for a violator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16871947", "title": "Cops book 6 neighbours for forcing woman to end life", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after her mother's suicide, a 20-year-old girl has filed a complaint against six neighbours for torturing her mother and forcing her to commit suicide. She claims that the neighbours would accuse her mother of having illicit relationships with men and pass abusive comments.Lata Godbole, a 45-year-old widow, had consumed poison at her Shiv Nagar residence on Wednesday morning. Police had registered a case of accidental death. Nikita, a third year engineering student, told TOI she filed a police complaint only when neighbours continued their abuse even after Lata's death. \"Minutes after the body was taken for last rituals, Satish Choudhary walked into the house with a stick and threatened to kill me,\" Nikita said.Her relative Usha Dupare said that Choudhary was asking Nikita to vacate the house immediately and threatened to torture her like Lata and ruin her image in society.The cops have now booked 70-year-old Meera Choudhary, Bandu (40) and Bala (35) Choudhary, Puspa Dongre (40), Prakash and Asha Thakre, all neighbours, for abetment of suicide. Police are yet to book Satish Choudhary for threatening Nikita.Godbole lost her husband Ashok due to heart attack in December 2010. Godbole was using Ashok's savings to educate her children, Dhawal (23), Subodh and Nikita (20).Dhawal, an engineer graduate, is working with a private firm in Hingna while Subodh is pursuing studies in first year polytechnic. Dhawal had just started helping her financially.\"After Ashok's death, many distant relatives would come home to meet her either for sympathy or intention to help her but she didn't take help from anybody. Due to rise in number of visitors in the house, the neighbours started doubting her character and would comment on her whenever she would step out of the house,\" said Dupare.She informed that many times, the relatives warned them to stop the comments but it was of no use. Nikita claimed that for the past four months, the torture had become unbearable.\"The comments passed by them were horrible. One could not listen to it. Sometimes, Dhawal interrupted them but they would come home abusing our family and pointing fingers on my mother's character. Humiliated by the comments, we had no option than to shut our doors,\" said Nikita.Depressed by the torment, Godbole mixed poison in her breakfast after serving it to her children. Seeing her ailing, Nikhil had immediately rushed to nearby private hospital but doctors declared her dead after two hours of treatment. Godbole didn't left a suicide note and as she was unfit, police could not take her dying declaration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16872587", "title": "Penalties slapped on companies flouting food safety norms", "text": "VARANASI: The court of the adjudicating officer ordered to realize heavy amount as penalty from the manufacturers and shop owners under Food Safety and Standards Act-2006.Adjudicating officer MP Singh, who is also ADM city, recently decided four cases that were filed by the food safety officer against the manufacturers and sellers of food articles in 2011. On October 19, 2011, the staff of food safety and drug administration (FSDA) office had collected samples of `Butter Vimal Lite premium table margarine', a product of a Gujarat based company, from its local depot holder Mahendra Pal's place in Sundarpur, under Lanka police area.The FSDA office forwarded the samples to government food analyst (GFA).In GFA's investigation report, it was mentioned that manufacturer has declared on the sample as Butter Vimal Lite, zero cholesterol on the label and it contains flavour of butter also which is a violation of rule 2.2.2(1) of the Act, hence the sample is `misbranded'. After the investigation and hearing, the court ordered to fix a penalty of Rs one lakh on the manufacturing company as well as local deport holder. The order stated that if the penalty amount is not deposited in government exchequer within a month, the penalty would be realised on the line of land revenue.At Sardar Sweet Shop, the FSDA staff had collected samples of `Besan laddu' on September 27, 2011. The sample was forwarded to GSA. During laboratory test, it was found as substandard.On the basis of the test report, the court of adjudicating officer ordered to realize a penalty of Rs 25,000 from the owner of the shop.Similar order was issued against Jyka restaurant owner, where samples of paneer (cheese) were collected on September 21, 2011. It was also found substandard in the laboratory report.The court fixed a penalty of Rs 10,000 against Anand Food Products in Chandpur area as the samples of biscuit packets collected by FSDA from its manufacturing unit on September 24, 2011 did not contain the batch number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871180", "title": "Duo who gang-raped teen for 8 days in Delhi, arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two men have been arrested for confining and raping a 16-year-old girl over eight days. On Thursday, the girl's father reported that she had been missing for 10 days. Later, he received information that she had been confined in a room behind Sible Cinema in Badarpur by three men: Shakib, Shakir and Mustaq. A police team from Ballabgarh conducted a raid at Tajpur Pahari near Badarpur and rescued the girl from the house of one Dal Singh.\"The girl disclosed that on October 8 she went to meet her friend Hukam at Palwal but when he did not appear, she came to Badarpur Border, where Shakib met her and asked her to accompany him as he knew the address of her boyfriend. The accused took her to Noida in a dumper. While returning from Noida to Delhi, the dumper driver Shakir raped her. Thereafter, they took her to a rented room at Tajpur Pahari where Shakib and Mustaq also repeatedly raped her.The girl's medical examination at AIIMS has confirmed rape. Two of the accused, Mustaq and Shakib, have been arrested but Shakir is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872805", "title": "Fine engineers token Rs 1,000, says BMC panel", "text": "MUMBAI: Civic chief Sitaram Kunte may have taken a stand that engineers who delayed the filling up of potholes should be penalized, but BMC standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale wants the fine to be revoked and that only a token amount of Rs 1,000 be imposed this year.Even as the municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte has taken the stand to not revoke fines imposed on engineers for delay in pothole filling, standing committee chairman has demanded that the fines be revoked and only a Rs 1000 token fine be imposed.Shewale, also the chairman of Municipal Engineers Union, presented the demand to Kunte and requested that the engineers should be taken to task from next year. \"This was the first time that it was decided that engineers failing to meet the deadline would be penalized. Confusion has been rife on both the administration as well as the engineers' sides. I have asked Kunte to revoke the fines this year and he has agreed,\" said Shewale.Kunte, however, has not commented on it.Supporting Shewale, other members of the union said they would not let the administration take a single paisa from the engineers and if forced, they might even move court.The civic body has imposed a total fine of Rs 1 crore on sub-engineers of the roads department for not completing the pothole repair work on time. The union has also demanded that the sub-engineers be transferred to other department as their seniors claimed that they were not doing their work properly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "jakarta", "code": "16875479", "title": "Smriti Mehra leads Ladies Indonesia Open", "text": "JAKARTA: Indian golfer Smriti Mehra charged to the top of the leaderboard on the opening day of the $200,000 Ladies Indonesia Open after carding a three-under.Neha Tripathi (75) was tied 26th, Vani Kapoor (76) was tied 35th and Saaniya Sharma (78) was tied 49th at the Palm Hill Golf Club in the ninth leg on this year's Ladies Asian Golf Tour (LAGT).The Ladies Indonesia Open features 84 players. The tournament is played over 54 holes with no cut being made. It is the most lucrative women's National Open in South East Asia with the winner earning a cheque for USD 30,000.Thailand's Thidapa Suwannapura, Patcharachuta Kongkapan, Malaysian amateur Kelly Tan, Walailak Satarak from the United States, and Chinese Taipei's Hsieh Yu-ling all shot 71 to tie for second place.The 40-year-old Mehra struck three birdies in a row from the second hole to seize the lead. Another birdie on the 11th moved her to four-under before she made her only bogey of the day on the following hole.\"I hit the ball the same on both nines but the putts seemed to drop on the front. I kept it steady and slow and got it done,\" Mehra said.The Indian, a powerful hitter, has spent much of her career playing on the US LPGA Tour and has also triumphed twice on the Futures Tour in the States.\"I have been several times to Indonesia and I love it here. I love playing in Southeast Asian countries. I have always supported Asian golf. I played on the LPGA Tour for about 12 years but I now play on the Ladies European Tour and I always come back to play in Asia,\" said Mehra.She won the Women's Malaysian Open in 2002 and after a good start this week, she is well-placed to secure another title in the region.Mehra was in the first group out and was paired with 13-year-old amateur Julia Alhemoud from Kuwait, who returned a 94.\"I am sure she had a good time but she was upset with the way she played. She walked off saying it was the worst round but I said it doesn't matter as you are 13 years old and I am 40 so you know you have 27 years on me,\" said Mehra.When asked why women's golf in India has not developed as rapidly as the men's game, Mehra said, \"We started a women's pro organization in 2005 and I was the only professional then. Today we have 20 which is not bad. We only had about eight amateurs then but we have about 500 today.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872777", "title": "Over 40% insurance claims for motor accidents in Mumbai region pending in the last decade", "text": "MUMBAI: Insuring your vehicle against mishaps is undoubtedly essential. But how many claims are settled? Over 40% victims of various road accidents in Mumbai region have not received their settlements so far.In the past decade, around 36,064 insurance claims were made for motor vehicle accidents in Mumbai region, of which 22,112 were disposed of till August 2012 while 13,952 are still pending. In all, 7,423 fatalities were reported in these accidents besides damage to scores of vehicles.Around 1,084 cases are pending simply for recovery of the amount, despite being cleared by the tribunal. This shows that in over 40% cases, accident victims have not got any relief. Interestingly, the highest amount awarded as compensation so far stands at Rs 5.52 crore in a case registered with the tribunal in 1994.An RTI application made by activist Chetan Kothari with the motor accidents claim tribunal (MACT) revealed that most claims (3,927) were made in 2005, followed by 3,902 in 2006, 3,656 in 2007 and 3,631 in 2004. This indicates the severity of mishaps during this period especially in 2005. Accidents and fatalities for which claims were made were the highest during three years -- 2005, 2006 and 2007. While in 2005, 654 people died in 633 accidents, 669 lost their lives in 646 accidents in 2006. The next year, 651 were killed in 632 mishaps.There are mainly two types of insurance against motor vehicle mishaps-third party insurance and comprehensive. While third party insurance mainly covers vehicle damage and injuries to a third party, comprehensive insurance includes damage and injury to self and your own vehicle.According to information received from the tribunal, nearly 2,274 cases are pending for at least five years, of which nearly 48 cases are pending for 10 years. Most old cases, nearly 1,352, were disposed of in 2011, but it didn't help much to reduce overall pendency. In fact, 2011 was the year of the lowest immediate disposal of cases, only 353, against admission of 2,846 cases, with total cases piling up to 2493.RTI activist Chetan Kothari said the tribunal and insurance companies should speed up the process of settlement so that the affected people get immediate relief. \"Fast increasing inflation and declining value of a rupee take away the effectiveness of the compensation if it is not given on time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16872756", "title": "MTC staff thrash college students", "text": "CHENNAI: A group of New College students got a taste of their own medicine on Thursday when MTC drivers at the depot on Pallavan Salai thrashed three of them for creating a ruckus in a bus at Royapettah.The bus was leaving the Royapettah stop when many students of the college got in, MTC sources said. Some climbed on to the roof, while others hung out through the windows and began drumming on the walls to cheer their friends who were singing aloud. The other passengers kept quiet, the sources said.The driver and conductor, who had apparently faced such situations earlier, called their colleagues at the depot located next to the MTC headquarters and were advised to bring the bus there. Accordingly, the driver deviated from the normal course and turned towards the depot. The students, who were busy singing and dancing, sensed trouble only when the bus neared the depot and a large crowd of drivers and conductors gathered at the entrance. Most of the students managed to jump out and flee. As the driver took the vehicle right into the depot, three students remained. They were thrashed by other drivers and let off after being warned against indulging in this behaviour. They were asked to convey this to other students.Such incidents are a regular feature, sources said, for drivers and conductors plying on routes where 'men only' colleges are located. Staff on buses plying towards Pachaiyappa's College are particularly harassed, they said.Their co-passengers, particularly women and the elderly, are forced to keep quiet, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16872124", "title": "Syrian students back Assad regime", "text": "NEW DELHI: Syrian President Bashar al-Assad may be accused of genocide and unheard of brutalities, but he still enjoys support from enough countrymen \u2014 something which has probably prevented India from insisting on a change of regime in the war-torn country. On Thursday, the Syrian student community in India, accompanied by officials from the Syrian officials, thanked the Russian ambassador here, Alexander Kadakin, for Russia's unwavering support to Damascus.As permanent UNSC members, Russia and China have backed Syria to the hilt even blocking - with their veto powers \u2014 UN sanctions against the Assad regime. India recently abstained from a UNGA resolution on Syria merely because it referred to an earlier Arab League resolution which called upon Assad to step down. The student delegation was accompanied by Mustafa Dayoob, second secretary with the Syrian mission in New Delhi. Speaking on the occasion Mustafa Dayoob said that Russia along with China has always supported Syrian people.\"Russia was, is and will remain a great friend of Syria and the Syrian people,\" said Kadakin, adding that Russia is very much against war and interference into internal affairs of other countries. Moscow was recently accused of \"moral bankruptcy\" in its policy on Syria.There are about 100 Syrian students studying in India in technical, medical, literature and commerce streams in various Universities of Delhi, Hyderabad, Mumbai and Chennai. Unlike many Western countries, led by the US, India has consistently opposed any move to enforce a regime change in the country maintaining that any such change should be brought about by the people of Syria and not outsiders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16871839", "title": "Barcelona to train Vadodara\u2019s wannabe Messis", "text": "VADODARA: Young footballers dreaming to dribble like Lionel Messi are in for a treat. They will get to learn the nuances of soccer from none other than the Spanish soccer club FC Barcelona.FC Barcelona, which has produced stars like Messi and Ronaldinho , is now hunting for talent in the country. And, it has selected Vadodara to organize a five-day camp in November to identify and groom aspiring football players.\"Vadodara is the only place that has quality infrastructure, including four to five football grounds, making it an obvious choice for us. Also, Vadodara has far more football following than even bigger cities like Ahmedabad,\" said Antoni Claveria, technical director-FCBEscola India.\"A lot of aspiring footballers from the city are eagerly waiting for the launch of FCBEscola and the credit for it goes to Barcelona players like Messi who are product of FCB's youth development plan,\" Antoni, who will train the youngsters, told TOI.The camp, to be held in association with Conscient Football, will be open for youngsters in the age group of 6 to 17 years.\"The scientifically developed training programme would be divided into introduction, pre-training and training sections. We will observe and identify trainees with potential to become professional footballer,\" Antoni added.The camp will be held at Bhartiya Vidya Bhavans School from November 16 to 20 in the age groups of U-8, U-10, U-12, U-14 and U-17.According to Antoni, potential players will be then taken to FCBEscola that will be set up in New Delhi by the year end for further training. \"And, if they show promise, they may even travel to Barcelona,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16870871", "title": "India's peace gift for Myanmar: 16-foot Buddha statue", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Buddha statue being sculpted at a small workshop in Ghitorni has a special significance: it is soon going to be India's gift of 'peace' to Myanmar.The 16 feet, chunar stone statue inspired by a 5th-century Gupta period statue in Sarnath has been carved out with great labour and care, so much so that it looks almost alive. It will be shipped to Myanmar next week and installed at the Shwedagon Pagoda there; it will be on display during the International Buddhist Conference in December.This is not the first time that the Ghitorni workshop has made a gift for the ministry of external affairs; they had earlier made similar huge Buddha sculptures for China and Sri Lanka. In 2010, a similar statue was inaugurated at the White Horse Temple in Luoyang, China. That was an effort by the Indian government to enhance the Buddhist ties with China. As part of it, a Buddhist shrine based on the Sanchi Stupa was also made by Indian artisans within the temple premises.In 2011, another 16 feet replica of a Sarnath Buddha idol was presented by the Indian government to Sri Lanka and was installed at the entrance of the International Buddhist Museum in Sri Dalada Maligawa (Temple of the Tooth) in Kandy. The installation of the Idol commemorated the 2,600th year of enlightenment of Lord Buddha.The owner of the workshop, D K Nag, is a patron of handicrafts and sculptures and has been studying architecture. There is hardly any room for error in sculpting.The artisan who takes the responsibility of carving Buddha's face is Shyam Kumar from Madhubani district in Bihar. \"It took me 15 days to make the face. I used to look at the photos and try to replicate the expression,\" he says. Artisans here have also sculpted replicas of many other iconic ancient sculptures like a 16-armed Ganesha from Khajuraho, a Tara sculpture from Pala dynasty and a Vajra Tara with three faces.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had already gifted a smaller version of the Sarnath Buddha statue to Myanmar during his visit to Yangon in May, said a senior MEA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16872046", "title": "Staff-starved Utkal to lift freeze on recruitments", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With academic and administrative activities badly affected in Utkal University, the Odisha government is contemplating to fill up huge vacancies dogging the state's premier varsity, official sources said on Wednesday. \"We are taking steps to sanction some teaching and non-teaching posts for Utkal University. We hope the government will take a decision in this regard soon,\" secretary, higher education , Gagan Dhal told TOI.Official sources said the government owing to financial constraints had in 2011 put brakes on recruitment in universities, but considering the 'unmanageable' situation in Utkal University it is planning to give the green signal.As many as 93 faculty positions in 27 PG departments and 280 clerical posts in 50 administrative sections of the university are currently lying vacant, official sources said. Consequently, work has been adversely hit with academic pursuits becoming a serious casualty.\"It is becoming increasingly difficult to meet the workload. There are departments whose present strength is less than one-third of their sanctioned posts,\" a senior professor said. Psychology, for example, has as many as nine posts lying vacant. \"We are functioning with only five teachers. Psychology was till a few years ago one of the four departments (the other being anthropology, philosophy and economics) which had UGC-approved advanced centre status. But with huge vacancies and other reasons we have been stripped off that prestigious tag,\" a faculty member said.\"After a long gap around 50 teachers were recruited three years ago. The university had subsequently made a move to fill up 39 more vacancies, but it could not materialize. The number of 'consequential vacancies' due to retirement, resignations and deaths is going up. At the end of 2011-12 it stood at 89 (20 professor, 27 readers and 42 lecturers); now it is 93,\" a university source said. \"Unless recruitment is done in quick time, it would not be possible to sustain various academic programmes. As such the state government in 2007 had abolished 47 base-level teaching posts on grounds of financial stringency, thereby reducing the total sanctioned strength of teachers to 257,\" the source said.As a result, departments like physics (six vacancies), chemistry (six), anthropology (five), computer applications (four), business administration (four), English (four), sociology (three), philosophy (four) and history (four) are battling crisis because of large number of vacancies, varsity sources said. \"Bio-technology department is being manned by one teacher, with five posts lying unoccupied,\" a source added.\"The workload has now become unacceptable. Apart from teaching MA and MPhil students, we have to also teach pre-PhD candidates pursuing course work. Moreover, we have our own research commitments and are required to carry out administrative and other responsibilities like teaching in self-financing courses,\" a professor pointed out.On the non-teaching side, the university is faring no better. \"There are sections with an officer and a peon. There has been no recruitment of clerical staff since the past 11 years. The system is virtually collapsing,\" a section officer commented. Almost half of the 607 non-teaching posts are unoccupied, with only nine of the 41 Group B and 75 of the 159 Group C on the job.University registrar Prof D N Jena said: \"We have sent repeated reminders and held numerous meetings with the state government. We are optimistic the recruitments would be done soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16872395", "title": "Achuthanandan backtracks on CPM violence, Pinarayi &amp; Kudankulam", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: It is never too late to correct oneself and CPM veteran V S Achuthanandan, always a true communist, did precisely that on Thursday. Only the politically gullible are, however, likely to be deceived about the real nature of his confessions when VS, his voice often catching, listed out a whole list of recent misdemeanours he had been guilty of.It was an apparent move to avoid serious disciplinary action, even possible expulsion from the party, after the CPM's central committee (CC) censured him the second consecutive time last week. At a crowded news conference, VS accepted that his support for the Kudankulam agitation, the visit to murdered RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan's house on the day of the Neyyattinkara bypoll, and his comparison of CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan to S A Dange had been \"improper and avoidable\".Having conspicuously raised the political temperature in the state soon after the TP murder by not just condemning the gruesomeness of the act but also leaving no room for doubt as to who might have done it, VS cut a sorry figure when he said, \"General secretary Prakash Karat and the CC have clarified that the party would initiate stringent action against those cadres who are found involved in the crime.\" To queries on the arrest of CPM leaders in the case, VS said an arrest by itself didn't prove anything.Observing that his trip to TP's house happened on the same day of the Neyyattinkara bypoll was quite accidental, VS said, \"I accept the criticism of the central committee that it was a wrongful act. It could have been on some other day, not on the day of Neyyattinkara bypoll\".VS also publicly apologised for comparing state secretary Pinarayi with 'right deviationist' Dange. \"It [the comparison] was while answering a question in a press conference about calling TP a 'renegade'. I accepted that mistake and confessed in the CC and state committee. The party central committee published it in a resolution. As the need for confessing the error in public was pointed out, I am explaining this,\" he said.In what can only be a seen as a feeble attempt to save face, VS clarified that he would continue to be sceptical on the Kudankulam project and nuclear energy in general. \"The time hasn't come for reaching a conclusion on the issue of nuclear energy and nuclear power plant. A debate on the issue is still going on across the world,\" he said. But he added, \"The party is not against the people who are on protest there. The resolution clearly states that the nuclear power plant should not be commissioned before ensuring safety.\"To a question whether it was worth clinging to the party when he would turn 89 in two days, VS replied, \"There was nothing wrong in it. I could do many good deeds for the welfare of the people of this country during my public life. I admit there had been some mistakes in between. I accept such mistakes in a self-critical manner\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16872759", "title": "UP supports its women: Crank callers to be denied passports, govt jobs", "text": "LUCKNOW: Incorrigible, obstinate crank callers will end up losing opportunity to get a passport or a job in government sector once the women power line (1090), which gets functional in a few weeks' time, lodges an FIR against them.A foolproof system has been evolved as part of the helpline service that will ensure that no pesky caller against whom an FIR is registered gets no-objection certificate or police character verification mandatory for government job or passport.As part of the IVRS-based women power line service, once it files an FIR against a pesky caller, his name and other personal information will get uploaded on a website accessible to the Local Intelligence Unit (LIU) of each district and police officers, said DIG (range) Navniet Sekera. Since the website will be monitored centrally, a mandatory provision would be put in place for the local intelligence units to verify male applicants' credentials with the women power line service. Similarly, police officers with access to the website will also have first hand information about a person at least on this count. A database would be created gradually of such pesky callers and eve-teasers, said Sekera.The women power line service centre will have a parallel line linked to DGP headquarters, which would help ensure monitoring of the action on the directive from the centre to district level officers.Besides, most likely cases of pesky callers will be lodged at cyber police station set up at Hazratganj for it involves digital data. Those who will be operating the service are being trained on all counts, including hospitality.A tentative date for the first interview of women constables who would be sitting on the phone line and were found fulfilling the criteria is October 20. As per the plan, along with some women IPS officers, some male officers and a psychologist would be part of the interview panel. The aim is to judge which woman cop is capable to work in a sensitive manner while talking to the complainants.Out of around 7,500 to 8,000 women constables, efforts were being made to shortlist and select those who have psychology as a major along with basic knowledge of computer and spoken English. Several applicants who have turned up for the job had been working at call centres before being appointed as constables. Besides, there are several others who had studied psychology in college, informed Sekera.A private English speaking institute has offered to tutor the incumbents for two to three weeks, enough to help make the women cops capable of exchanging pleasantries in case the complainant is more comfortable speaking in English.The centre, said Sekera, will not work on the basic principal of policing but as a call centre. As an incentive for those who are set to join the service, a day off is what they are sure to get, confirmed the DIG, which means, they would work for six days a week, a rare thing in the police department. Besides, as compared to 12 hours of duty on an average per day, the \"call centre\" cops will have to work for only six hours a day. Sekera added that each of the call centre women constables will be picked from home by a police vehicle and dropped back after their duty is over. Unlike the pyramid system of policing in place, the call centre of the UP police will work on flat system as no one working at the centre will be in police uniform, Sekera said, adding that besides a uniform T-shirt or shirt, cops working here will be free to wear jeans, trousers or pyjama.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872818", "title": "15-yr-old killer of boy inspired by TV", "text": "MUMBAI: Officers probing the abduction and murder of 8-year-old Dheeraj Pandit had to interrogate the accused-his cousin Gopal (15; name changed)-for several hours before the latter admitted to the crime.\"The accused told us he had watched six episodes of a popular crime show on TV, where he picked up the nuances of abduction. This is the second case in the Borivli-Kandivli belt where a juvenile became delinquent after getting influenced by TV crime shows. We intend to write a letter to the producers to filter content,\" said DCP Mahesh Patil.Officers said Gopal cooked up stories when they asked him what he had been doing the day Dheeraj disappeared. The accused and his father stay next door to Dheeraj's family in Bheem Nagar, Gorai.The boy's body was fished out of a nullah on Wednesday. Gopal said he strangled the boy with his necktie on Sunday, stored the body in a box and flung it into the nullah early on Monday.\"We had to use a different line of interrogation as the accused is very young and we couldn't be harsh with him. Our officers convinced him that they could make out whenever he lied. This made him slightly nervous. We then discussed his religious beliefs. Eventually he said he would speak to a couple of officers and wanted the other members of the investigating team to leave. He was also afraid of the way his relatives would react once the true facts emerged,\" said a senior police officer.Gopal , a class-VII student in a convent school in Gorai, withdrew Rs 50,000 from his father's account over three months to fund his passion for making helicopter models and to splurge on friends. \"We will go through his father's bank statements,\" said inspector Ravi Adane.The police are trying to find witnesses. \"The accused told us that a couple had passed by while he was flinging the gunny bag containing Dheeraj's body into the nullah. But when we questioned the couple, they said they hadn't paid much attention to what the accused had been up to,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16876038", "title": "Bakrid in state on Oct 27", "text": "BANGALORE: Bakrid will be celebrated in Karnataka on October 27. Markazi Ruyath-e-Hilal committee convenor Maulanan Qadeer Ahmed Adaul Amri said as the moon wasn't sighted in Karnataka, Chennai and Hyderabad on Wednesday, it was decided to celebrate Bakrid on October 27. The earlier date was October 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16871467", "title": "Incomplete Durga Puja pandals struggle to meet deadline", "text": "KOLKATA: Nearly 24 hours after chief minister Mamata Banerjee inaugurated a series of Durga Pujas, work at several pandals continued at a feverish pace with Puja organisers and theme artists overseeing painters, carpenters, artists and labourers at work. Till late on Thursday evening, most of the pandals remained out of bounds for visitors.Several Puja organisers confided to TOI that they had to face embarrassing questions from pandal-hoppers as to why they were being denied entry even after they had seen CM light the inaugural lamp the day before.\"We received a call from the CM's office, informing us that she would inaugurate the Puja 24 hours in advance. Since we had initially scheduled an inauguration on Panchami or Friday evening, our work was phased out in that manner. The 24-hour notice was too short to complete the remaining work. We are now working overtime to ensure that the pandal is open to public on Friday morning,\" the general secretary of a prominent Puja committee in south Kolkata said.At Agrani Club in Chetla, the complex theme by Bhabatosh Sutar was still some way to go when Mamata inaugurated it on Wednesday. More than a dozen people were busy creating the backdrop of the Goddess and applying paint to the pandal floor till Thursday afternoon. Chaya Biswas, a young homemaker from New Alipore who decided to give her cooking classes a miss to catch the Puja, was left disappointed.\"It's funny in a way but irritating too that a Puja has been inaugurated before it is complete. It is like the book fair where people are still hammering nails into the stalls the day after the inauguration. But at least, visitors are allowed to enter the fair. Here, they have locked the entry gate,\" she rued.Club secretary Samir Ghosh said the Puja would be opened to public on Thursday morning. \"The CM has a busy schedule. So we got it inaugurated although the pandal wasn't ready. There are some issues with the lights that need to be adjusted on Thursday night before being thrown open on Friday,\" he explained.In another prominent south Kolkata puja, the organisers had no plans to get the Puja inaugurated by the CM. But Mamata stole the thunder and walked in to inaugurate the Puja on Wednesday, leaving the organisers stumped. \"We were informed that she is coming to inaugurate the Puja although work on the pandal was far from over,\" an executive committee member of the club said.At 66 Pally, that has been inaugurated by the CM with at least 36 hours to go before the scheduled completion, the decorators and organisers were struggling to finish the challenging pandal with massive aquariums. Badamtala Asharshangha though, has managed to give the finishing touches and has been spared the anxious moments.On Thursday, there was hectic activity at pandals across the rest of south Kolkata - Samaj Sebi, Ballygunge Cultural, Sib Mandir, Tridhara Sammelani and Hindustan Park Sarbojanin - as Mamata Banerjee's inauguration-spree for the day neared. While they had learnt the lesson from others and had expedited the completion work by toiling day and night, organisers of the Puja at Babu Bagan were still struggling to finish, 36 hours after the CM inaugurated it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16870651", "title": "Drop boxes to be placed in colleges for voter registeration", "text": "NOIDA: The Meerut division commissioner, Mrityunjay Narayan, has directed district-level officials to ensure placing drop boxes in all colleges of Gautam Budh Nagar to collect forms filled up by students for registering their names in voters' lists and availing electoral photo identity cards.The commissioner also met representatives of political parties and called for their active participation to ensure maximum registration of voters in the ongoing drive being held across all three assembly segments of the district. Officials were directed to ensure that bogus voters in the lists are eliminated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "palwal", "code": "16870939", "title": "Palwal murder accused was promised job", "text": "PALWAL: A man accused of involvement in the Palwal murder case has told police he joined the conspiracy because the main accused, Mukesh Lakhanpal, promised him the chief engineer's job at a publishing house. Lakhanpal, circulation head of a business magazine, was the first to be arrested for the murder of his \"wife\" Satvinder near the Delhi-Agra highway on September 28.The accused, Yogesh, who was arrested after he surrendered at the Sadar police station in Palwal, also told police that at least four others were involved in the crime: Sarjeet, a resident of Jaulana village, Yogesh Katesara and Ashok from Katesara village of Palwal, and a salesman, Amit, who introduced him to Mukesh.Police are looking into the role of the salesman who works with a large electronics firm. \"The two accused met five months ago through Amit. Mukesh had been planning the murder since May. There is a possibility of Amit's involvement in it,'' said an officer.Police claim to have recovered Rs 30,000 of the Rs 1.5 lakh Mukesh allegedly paid to Yogesh for hiring the other contract killers. \"Ashok met Yogesh at Faridabad station and took him to the toll gates on his bike. They then waited for Mukesh to return from Agra,'' said an officer. Police said they had identified the place where the murder weapon was dumped but were yet to find it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16875988", "title": "BSY warns Shettar of dire consequences", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa sent warning signals to chief minister Jagadish Shettar through the media, he chose to attack him directly on Thursday.Shettar was in for a surprise when he landed in Gulbarga. From Shikaripur, Yeddyurappa telephoned Shettar and said: \"You are going DV Sadananda Gowda's way. Though I asked you not to give additional portfolios to Balachandra Jarkiholi, you crossed the limits by giving him two more. You will have to face dire consequences,\" he warned.Shettar said Yeddyurappa is like a senior family member. \"I don't feel anything if he advises or gives me suggestions. I have only done what the party has told me,\" he added.Yeddyurappa has been demanding plum portfolios for MP Renukacharya, Sunil Vallyapure, Revu Naik Belamagi and Narasimha Naik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16875655", "title": "2 die, 38 ill after drinking tank water", "text": "BELGAUM: Two persons died and38 peopleof Sadalaga village in Chikkodi taluk were taken ill, after consuming contaminated water from a tank on Thursday.It is said that water in the village tank - the main source of drinking water - is contaminated, and could have led to them falling ill.Of the 38, 22 were admitted to Chikkodi Government Hospital, 12 to Sadalaga Hospital and four to the City Civil Hospital. Some of them have returned home and are recuperating. It is yet to be confirmed whether the two deaths were due to the contaminated water.Deputy commissioner Anbukumar visited Chikkodi Hospital and spoke to the patients. They are now said to be out of danger.A team of doctors from the health department rushed to the village to treat the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16870995", "title": "Ranchi\u2019s new stadium set to host maiden One-Day International on January 19", "text": "RANCHI: Satisfied with the facilities and condition of the Jharkhand State Cricket Association (JSCA) stadium, the three-member English and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) team has okayed the venue for the One-Day International between India and England scheduled to be held here on January 19, JSCA president Amitabh Choudhary said on Thursday. According to the tour schedule released by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) on Thursday, the third one-dayer will be held here.The ECB team comprised director of cricket operations John Carr, director of security Reg Dickason and Ian Smith gave final nod after expressing satisfaction over the infrastructure. Reading out comments of former Australia captain and member of the International Cricket Council (ICC) David Boon, who visited the JSCA stadium on October 2, Choudhary said: \"I must congratulate JSCA for the exceptional job done.\"Happy with the enthusiasm and commitment showed by the JSCA officials, Choudhary said the stadium will be officially inaugurated on January 17. Mentioning some of the 'firsts' about the stadium, Choudhary said the foundation stone was laid on June 19, 2009 and it was one of the fast constructed stadiums to host an international match within three years of laying foundation stone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16873255", "title": "It's a constant evolution in Formula One", "text": "Formula One is a sport that goes through a process of constant evolution. It is up to the teams to keep pace with the changes. Sometimes, the drivers find it difficult to adjust, and it shows in the results.The 2012 season is perhaps the best example when one talks about the impact of these constant changes. This year's championship, at least for the first half of the season, was one of the most topsy-turvy in recent years. The first seven races of the year had seven different winners from five teams.Then, as the season progressed, teams adapted themselves to the new technical regulations. The sport's governing body, FIA , allowed the use of 'Platypus' noses on the cars, thereby minimising the use of exhaust-blown diffusers, which hit the performance of some teams really hard. In addition to this, official tyre suppliers Pirelli revised their compounds and drivers were encouraged to use all sets of tyres provided during a race.The last-mentioned change made the biggest impact in the results of the races in the later half of the season. Most of the top teams--like Red Bull, McLaren and Ferrari--struggled to fully optimise the use of tyres, which meant smaller teams like Lotus, Sauber and Mercedes managed to bridge the gap.Pirelli predicted that the changes would translate into a 0.7-second difference per lap between the harder and softer compounds, down from 1.5 seconds per-lap in 2011. \"I think the reason for the topsy-turvy first half was the tyre-lottery. Whichever team managed to get the tyres working in the right window was in the front during the first half. But once they understood more about the tyres, the balance shifted back to the usual suspects, McLaren and Red Bull,\" HRT driver Narain Karthikeyan told TOI.The move to limit the influence of the exhausts on the aerodynamics of an F1 car has already closed the gap between the teams. This was effective in producing a higher amount of stable and consistent down force, one of the biggest reasons behind Red Bull and Sebastian Vettel's success. What all this has done is making the battle on the track more closely fought. The viewers are certainly not complaining. With just four points separating leader Vettel and Fernando Alonso , it's all to play for.The Key ChangesBlown diffusers:Full ban on use of exhaust-blown diffusers. This will result in the exhaust exiting the bodywork much higher up than in 2011, and no longer in the vicinity of the diffuserTyre compounds:Tyre supplier Pirelli revised their tyre compounds for the 2012 season in an effort to encourage teams to use each of the compounds supplied for individual racesDriving etiquette:Drivers can no longer leave the track without a justifiable reason, i.e. cutting a chicane on reconnaissance laps or in-laps to save time and fuelTeam WatchMercedes GPDespite the deadly combo of Ross Brawn and Michael Schumacher, the Anglo-German outfit has failed to live up to expectations. They lie a distant fifth after 16 races, with Nico Rosberg's first place finish in the Chinese GP their high point of the season. Can Lewis Hamilton change their fate in 2013?Base: Brackley, UKTeam Principal: Ross BrawnTechnical Chief: Bob BellDrivers: Michael Schumacher, Nico RosbergBudget: $94m approxFirst Season: 20102012 Report Card: With three podium finishes, including Rosberg's Chinese triumph, Mercedes are currently fifth in the constructors' table with 136 points.CaterhamTeam Lotus till last year, the Malaysian consortium-backed was renamed Caterham with a changed driver line-up -- Vitaly Petrov replaced Jarno Trulli for 2012 -- but it has not helped in changing their fortunes.Base: Leafield, UKTeam Principal: Tony FernandesTechnical Chief: Mike GascoyneDrivers: Heikki Kovalainen , Vitaly PetrovBudget: $66m approxFirst Season: 20102012 Report Card: Two 13th-place finishes have been their best showing so far. But they have been improving, so we might see them break the points drought soon.The Indian ConnectA Formula One driver's body has to bear a force of up to 5G or more. That means the centrifugal force pushing him into his seat is five times stronger than the Earth's gravity. To endure that, the driver needs to be supremely fit.Michael Schumacher has been doing that for close to two decades now, and the man who helped him stay in shape for the majority of his career was Punjab-born and Germany-based Balbir Singh. Schumacher hired Balbir, an avid proponent of holistic therapies, as his personal physio ahead of his debut for Ferrari in 1996, and their partnership lasted more than a decade.In 2008, Balbir moved on to Force India. He was also hired by HRT driver Narain Karthikeyan earlier this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16864909", "title": "Popular dance steps among sportsmen", "text": "While they're on field, their emotions run high, the adrenaline is pumping and in that moment of celebration, the antics go a little over the top. And expressing and celebrating the joy by breaking into few dance moves has always been a popular choice. In the latest tide of Gangnam dance, we bring you other dance forms that took the sportsmen's fancy on the field.Ai Se Eu Te Pego  Literally meaning 'When I lay my hands on you,' this song became a record hit across Europe. Originating from Brazil, the Michel Telo version of this song become a veritable international anthem with footballers taking fancy to it. The year 2011 belonged to this song with football stars like Cristiano Ronaldo, Marcelo and Neymar celebrating goals in an animated dance choreographed with their fellow strikers. So was the impact of the song that Michel Telo was invited by Real Madrid to pose with the team members and have a step or two with them.Gangnam Style  They danced their way to victory, and quite literally so when West Indies won the T20 World Cup recently. In a never seen before celebration, the West Indies went crazy doing the Gangnam dance with Chris Gayle leading from the front. And so has been the craze of this recent phenomenon, that the dance has seeped through various sports arena. Novak Djokovic celebrated his China Open win doing a sloppy Gangnam imitation, Korean GP winners sprinkled champagne all over while grooving to it and even Kevin Pieterson managed to shimmy and shake to the same.Sprinkler Dance  So what's the one thing to look forward to during the Ashes (Test series between Australia-England)? If you thought arch rivalry then you might have missed a point. Because in the 2010 edition of the series, it was nothing but the Sprinkler dance that was the talking point all the way through. With Greame Swann and Paul Collingwood heading the troupe, the England team celebrated their Ashes win sprinkling all over the ground. It was even reported that Stuart Broad sustained a stomach injury dancing over enthusiastically during the practice sessions. Quite a sprinkler that proved to be.Carlton Dance  For those who followed the TV series The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air wouldn't need an introduction to this dance, as Carlton Banks (Alfonso Ribeiro) made it a phenomenal success grooving on Tom Jones hit It's Not Unusual. The dance went viral when Alphonso Smith (American Football) did a quick Carlton style celebrating his touch down. This was followed by another exhibition of an exuberant performance by a ground's team member of Tampa Bay Rays. Hit as it already was, these performances took it to another level of fan frenzy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16870696", "title": "Vendors using lit stoves on trains", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Tea vendors board trains to sell tea boiling on lighted stoves and passengers, instead of protesting, buy it from them. Numerous incidents of fire in running trains charring several passengers to death do not appear to have made a difference to the railway authorities or passengers.When the New Delhi Ranchi Garib Rath was crossing Japla station Thursday morning, a Jaipur couple bound for Ranchi, N Sharma and his wife detected a tea vendor with a kettle boiling on a stove. At least two passengers had bought the piping hot tea from him for Rs 5. The couple, however, protested against the vendor carrying a stove inside the bogie following which the hawker made a hasty retreat from the G-12 coach.This is a regular feature of the train and has exposed all tall claims of safety especially when just three days back a passenger train caught fire on the platform at a railway station in South India.A bi-lingual (Hindi and English) railway notice pasted near the coach toilet declares it an offence to carry substance/material/instrument if it is inflammable and can cause fire in the train.Sources said this was not the only issue plaguing the train. Two passengers were permitted to spend nights (October 17/18) in the space cupboard where the attendant keeps his blankets, sheets and pillows.Eqbal Khan, a passenger on G 12 coach who got down at Daltonganj railway station today, said, \"These two emerged mysteriously from the storage space Thursday morning much to the surprise of the passengers.\"When contacted, DRM south eastern railways G Mallya said it was the duty of the train ticket examiner as well as the security personnel to keep a check on such vendors. Mallya said the railways have also conducted raids to nab the offenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16873391", "title": "Meal at Panjab University mess may cost Rs 8 more", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University hostellers may have to shell out more for mess food in the wake of a proposed hike.The substantial Rs 8 per meal hike being proposed by university officials on the demand of mess contractors, who have threatened to end their contracts, has created a sudden flutter in student circles and the dean student welfare office.This would imply a hike from Rs 25 per meal to Rs 33. While student council and DSW officials are yet to come to a consensus on the matter, a meeting of various student bodies will now be convened to find a way out.\"We are conducing a meeting of all student groups and will request the VC to make arrangements for food subsidy,\" said Kuldeep Sheron, general secretary, PUCSC. As no consensus was reached in the last meeting of student council members and DSW office members, the matter was postponed. \"The contractors had given us a deadline till October 1. They have been operating at Rs 10-12 loss per meal. But, we are hoping a solution will be found by way of a subsidy,\" said Kalpana Mahajan, DSW, women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16872102", "title": "Police bands enthrall audience at Mysore Palace", "text": "MYSORE: The state government band and orchestra captivated thousands with their performance in front of Mysore Palace on Thursday.A posse of nearly 400 musicians from different parts of the state played songs composed by international composers like WO Keep, FH Reid, J Rodrigues. They also rendered Carnatic music composed by Jayachamaraja Wadiyar. The musical troupe dressed in uniform played nearly a dozen compositions.Police Band has a history of 130 years and it was started during the time of Chamarajendra Wadiyar. At the time, it played only European Army music. Later, Nalwadi Krishna Raja Wadiyar included Carnatic music to the Police Band in 1918 and then both the musical groups matured as Indian Orchestra.However, the palace musical group was integrated to the police department in 1951 and later the groups were divided into Carnatic music group and English Band. Later they were rechristened as: Karnataka government band (English Band) and Karnataka government orchestra (Carnatic troupe).For the first time the musical groups performed jointly in Dasara as 'Mass Band' in 1980 and since then it has become a popular event in Dasara and attracts crowd in hordes.The bands perform during government functions, programmes at Mysore Palace, sports event organized by the police department, visit of VIPs and VVIPs and any other function, under the directive of the3 IGP in charge. English Band and Carnatic bands perform in city parks and also at KRS.Home minister R Ashok and DGP Lalrokhuma Pachu were present during Thursday's performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16871506", "title": "Students all set for campus elections", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Campuses across the state are geared up for student union elections today. Polling is scheduled to start between 8 am and 12 noon in various institutions and will be over by 2 pm, government sources said.Counting will start soon after polling. Elected representatives will take oath on Saturday before the educational institutions close for puja vacation.Barring stray incidents, the electioneering has been largely peaceful so far. Ekamra (degree) College in the city had to cancel the 'Why I stand' meeting on Thursday following a mild tension in the college after a similar meeting of the Ekamra (Junior) College. \"There was a minor altercation after some mischief mongers blasted a cracker. We cancelled the 'Why I stand' meeting for undergraduate students. The elections, however, will be held as per schedule,\" said students' union associate advisor of the college Parikhit Das.Student leaders and their supporters on Thursday mostly concentrated on some last-minute SMS campaign to remind their voters of the Big Day.Overall, electioneering was subdued in the city. Utkal University remained out of the election process. Activities in BJB College, RD Women's College and Maharshi College somewhat made up for the missing action, however. \"The process has been extremely peaceful in our college so far, probably the most nonviolent election in the history of BJB Autonomous College,\" said BJB principal Suresh Patnaik.The election process was low-key in Sambalpur town as well. Nobody could file nominations for the presidential post at GM Autonomous College. \"After a flip-flop, when the college decided to hold election on the nomination day itself, no student could prepare documents to file nomination papers,\" said Saurav Mahapatra, convenor of western Odisha students' joint action committee.The process evoked poor response in Sambalpur University too as majority of students have already left for home for an extended puja vacation. \"Some students have left for puja, which is nothing unusual. The poll process, however, has been extremely peaceful this year,\" said Sukadeba Naik, chairman of the varsity's PG council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16876007", "title": "Pascal Mazurier released from jail", "text": "BANGALORE: French official Pascal Mazurier, who was granted bail by the high court on Wednesday, was released from Parappana Agrahara central jail at 7.30pm on Thursday. He left with his colleagues from the French consulate.Following a complaint by wife Suja Jones, Mazurier was arrested on June 19 on the charge of raping their baby daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16872932", "title": "Shakti Peeths turn into Navaratra hotspots", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The onset of Sharadiya Navaratra ushers a wave of religious ambience in the city in the backdrop of the fact that it is home to more than five Shakti Peeths, each related with various divine aspects of the goddess also revered as 'Shakti' (power). The unending stream of visitors to these places bears testimony to people's faith in powers of the goddess considered the destroyer of evil in Hindu mythology.Traversing down the history of the city and its importance in Hindu mythology, one would get to know about these spots which remain abuzz with activity through the nine festive days and night. The entire area resembles a fair with rows of shops lined up selling puja and other items drawing visitors in large numbers across the district.Belha Devi templeFirst among the five shakti peeths in the region is the Belha Devi temple situated on the banks of Sai river in the adjoining Pratapgarh district. A prominent centre of Shakti worship, the origin of the temple is supported by tales, which point towards its significance in mythology. As the story goes, offended by the insult meted out to her husband, Lord Shiva, Sati jumped into the havan kund (sacrificial pyre) and was charred to death. To avert an upheaval, her Shiva chopped her body into 51 pieces and as he took them with him, the waist fell at the spot where the temple is situated now. Another story attributes the origin of the shrine to prince Bharat who while returning home after meeting his elder brother Lord Ram in the forest decided to stay overnight here and decided to construct a devi temple here.Sheetla Devi temple, or 'Kara'Mythology states the place gets its name Kara (meaning hand) from the fact that forehand bearing the armlet of Sati fell at the spot. The other story tells that the place was known as Karkotak which was identified with a demon who resided here. To provide relief to people from this demon, Sheetla Mata assumed an incarnation at the spot.Alop Shankari templeThe temple housing the idol of Ma Alop Shankari is situated in Alopi Bagh area and is an important centre of Shakti worship for the devout. The wrist of the Goddess fell at this spot and vanished inside the pool. A Jhoola (swing) situated inside the temple conveys the impression of everlasting presence of Sati inside the temple, say local priests. Applying water from the sacred kund (small pool) is believed to rid one of mental and physical woes.Kalyani Devi templeThe temple situated in the Attersuiya locality of the busy Chowk area has assumed importance since the time of the puranas when it was considered a shakti peeth.The temple houses the black stone idol of the goddess and archaeological findings and records state that it is more than 1,500 years old. Head priest Sushil Pathak informed that finger of goddess fell at this spot.The temple is known by the twin names of Lalita and Kalyani Devi which also find mention in the ancient Puranas.Lalita Devi templeThe temple of Lalita devi situated at Meerapur locality close to the Kalyani Devi temple and is identified with the ancient Tripura Sundari who is present in various forms at different temples across the country.Head priest Raghvendra Maharaj said the middle, small and ring finger of Sati fell at the spot where the temple of Lalita Devi stands now.The temple is associated with the divine and unparalleled beauty of the goddess.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16872097", "title": "Joyrides a huge hit with tourists", "text": "MYSORE: Mysoreans and others are enjoying joyrides over Heritage City. With a rise in the inflow of tourists following the suspension of the Cauvery agitation, the popularity of rides has gone up. The two aircraft -- Cessna 152 and Cessna 172 - took off on Tuesday. Many tourists went back home disappointed due to the limited number of rides.\"It feels great to fly the city at 1,000 ft and because there's no air traffic, it's easy to land and take off,\" said assistant flight instructor Madhurima Mukherjee who flies the Cessna-152.She added: \"The four-seater Cessna-172 obviously can take more people at a time. Those who've come on the ride enjoy every moment of his journey and families prefer the Cessna-172. The rush was overwhelming from Day 1.\" Till Thursday evening, 120 persons had gone on the joyride. But seven had to return disappointed on Thursday.Satish M Gowda, who waited for two hours at Mandkalli airport here with his family, said, \"It was wonderful to fly around the city with my mother and wife.\" His 52-year-old mother Sumithramma said, \"I've seen planes fly overhead but this ride made my day.\"Queries about Cessna flights also stole the show at the official Dasara website (www.mysoredasara.gov.in) and 203 persons (till October 17) booked tickets online. Tourists can buy tickets at the airport too and they need identity proof like a driving licence, voter ID card or PAN card which must be carried during the flight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16870619", "title": "Dodsal FC clinch Nadkarni Cup", "text": "MUMBAI: Dodsal FC romped home to their maiden title triumph since their hyped arrival on the city football scene when they put on a fantastic second-half show to swamp Mumbai Customs 5-0 and lift the Nadkarni Cup, at the RCF Grounds, in Chembur, on Thursday.The Bimal Ghosh-coached side decided to sit back and soak in some brave attacks by the nippy Customs team who failed to make any of three clear chances count. But it was more the brilliance of Dodsal 'keeper Arup Debnath that kept Customs at bay than lackadaisical finishing.Customs conceded a soft goal just before halftime when Sunil Kumar tapped home from close. The second half was all Dodsal. Rabindra Ghosh started the show with a brilliant solo effort, beating three defenders before firing home. Bikash Jairu made it 3-0 after a cross from Demba Diakhate who got himself on the score sheet from the penalty spot. Skipper Paresh Shivalkar too chipped in with a goal.Silvestre hasn't yet signed, says Omar: Watching Dodsal FC storm to their maiden title triumph were the club's top brass in Arvind Kumar, COO of the Dodsal Group and Mohammed Omar, chairman of the club and the 5-0 win naturally left them pleased.\"We are starting from scratch. We were runners up at the Durand Cup and won the Nadkarni Cup so things are looking up,\" said Omar, who has captained the UAE national team during his days as a striker.Heralded as a club with big ambitions and a massive financial backing from the Dubai-based owners, Omar has the task of assembling the squad and was in talks with French defender Mikael Silvestre.But while the ex-United player is quoted in interviews as having signed for Dodsal, Omar has denied the claims. \"We did speak and he was interested, but nothing has been put on paper.\"Kumar said that the club's tentative plans involve contributing to the sporting infrastructure of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16870891", "title": "Puja pandals told to install fire safety mechanism", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Lessons learnt from the fire mishaps of the past two years have made the district administration ask the puja committees to adhere to fire safety guidelines strictly this Durga Puja.Dhalbhum SDO, Subodh Kumar, said, \"The puja committees have been strictly warned to adhere to the fire safety norms.\"Aware of the shortcomings of the district fire department, the administration is hoping that the respective puja committees will take adequate precautions to thwart fire incidents.Kendriya Durga Puja Samity (KDPS), the apex body of over 250 puja committees, general secretary, Ram Babu Singh, said, \"The administration appears strict with regard to the fire safety norms this year and as per the directive we have asked the respective puja pandals (particularly the big-budget pandals) to take fire safety measures.\"According to KDPS sources, only few of the big-budget pandals in the city have been complying with the specified fire safety norms.A KDPS member, said, \"The potable fire fighting machines and sand bags could be spotted at over 10 big-budget pandals while the rest hardly pay any attention to the fire safety guidelines which is very risky. We remember what we have witnessed in 2010 and 2011.\"The district fire control office said owing to shortage of personnel and equipments it is difficult to respond quickly at times of exigencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "madhepura", "code": "16872074", "title": "Father chargesheeted for raping minor daughter", "text": "MADHEPURA: A man, who was accused of outraging the modesty of his minor daughter at a relative's place, was arrested in Madhepura on October 16 night.The man, identified as Sitaram Ram was prevented by neighbours from killing his daughter after the heinous act, police said. Madhepura SP Saurabh Kumar Sah said the police chargesheeted Sitaram Ram within 24 hours of the heinous crime on Wednesday. A speedy trial will be held in the case, the SP said.The 16-year-old alleged rape in her statement before a magistrate under Section 164 CrPC. Her medical test also confirmed the abuse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871297", "title": "Banker commits suicide", "text": "NEW DELHI: A banker committed suicide by consuming acid at his house in Khajuri Khas, northeast Delhi on Wednesday. No suicide note was recovered from the spot, though.Mahendra Pal (52) was an assistant manager of State Bank of India and was posted at the Connaught Place branch. Pal was transferred from Meerut two months ago. He is survived by his wife, daughter and son.\"Mahendra consumed acid in the wee hours of October 17. He was rushed to Guru Teg Bahadur Hospital by his family where he passed away late in the afternoon,\" police said.Pal's brother Manish said that in the last few days, he looked stressed out. It appeared that Pal was not happy with his transfer to Delhi. Police have denied any foul play in the death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16873442", "title": "Fasting on holy days a priority for them", "text": "LUDHIANA: Navratra celebrations have always been of utmost importance for Vikramjit Singh and Arvin Kaur, a Sikh couple of BRS Nagar. They got married six years ago and continue to seek blessings of \"Mata Rani\" by fasting for nine days.Arvin, 30, attends \"aarti\" at Durga Mata Mandir with her two sons, husband and her best friend Supriya, who is a Hindu. \"Supriya makes sure that I observe the rituals every year. Fasting during Navaratra has become more of a tradition for us. I believe that the goddess blessed us with a son, Anahad, 4. My belief is getting stronger every year and now, we are parents to two boys, and happily married,\" said Arvin, a teacher by profession.As for Vikramjit, 30, who is a businessman, devotion has always been a sole objective during these holy days. \"We fast for nine days and offer prayers at the mandir. My sons perform aarti in complete devotion, the same way they recite kirtan.\"Discussing their preparation for Navaratra, the couple said: \"It's not about being a Sikh or a Hindu, what matter is devotion. We shop together and cook the fasting delicacies together. These include 'sabudane ki khichdi', 'kuttu ki poori', 'singade ki pakodiya' and potato fries.\" Arvin's father-in-law Kulwant Singh, 60, buys her a \"chaniya choli and 'gujrati lehnege\", which Arvin wears during the club functions and \"garba\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871066", "title": "IAC supporters lose valuables", "text": "NEW DELHI: Protest sites seem to have become favourite hunting grounds for thieves and pickpockets. Some supporters of India Against Corruption ( IAC) protesting against Union minister Salman Khurshid recently lost their valuables.\"We have received two complaints of handycams being stolen during the protests. We are not sure if the two victims were attending to the differently-abled men who attended the protests for four days,\" said an investigating officer.Earlier, former Union minister and Trinamool Congress leader Saugata Roy's pocket was picked and Rs 50,000 withdrawn with his ATM card. Former railway minister Mukul Roy, too, had complained of his pocket being picked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16872390", "title": "Three parked cars burgled in Margao", "text": "MARGAO: In three separate cases of theft from parked cars in Margao, unidentified culprits made off with cash amounting to 2.5 lakh. Police have booked a case against unknown accused and a hunt is on to nab the culprits.In the first case, Francisco Gonsalves lodged a complaint with the Margao police, to the effect that his bag containing 2 lakh kept inside his pick-up went missing when he had parked his vehicle near the SGPDA market, Margao, on Thursday afternoon.Gonsalves, in his complaint, said that he had kept the bag below the driver's seat, before getting down to go to the market to buy some fruits. When he returned after some five minutes, he found the bag and the money missing. Acting on his complaint, the Margao police pressed into service a dog squad, but no clues were found.In the second case, cash amounting to 25,000 placed in the dickey of a two-wheeler belonging to Rina Ramani, which was parked near a bank in Margao, was found missing, Thursday afternoon. Though the bag was later found lying at some place in Comba, the cash was missing.In the third case, unknown culprits stole an ATM card from the dickey of a two-wheeler belonging to a woman from Navelim and withdrew 25,000 from her account with the help of her ATM card. The PIN number of the ATM car was written on the card cover, it is learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16871687", "title": "Firm selling sex drugs raided", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The food and drug control officials of Gujarat raided a marketing firm Jay Vijay agency at Modhera crossroads in Mehsana district. This firm marketed 22 products right from ShaktiPrash, Gymnadin and even had drugs for obesity and increasing libido.The department seized Rs 11 lakh worth of goods from the firm.\"The manufacturer of the products was based in Indore and the Modhera agent was the sole distributor for the products in the state,\" says food and drugs commissioner HG Koshia. Food and drug control officials are on a state wide hunt for marketing firms that supply herbal concoctions to retail outlets who hard sell them by claiming that the results or cure after consuming these medicines are \"true and scientific.\" These drugs consist of slim dose drugs, drugs to increase height, obesity capsules, herbal concoctions for joint pains, sexual impotency drugs and even drugs for improving erectile dysfunction in males.The agency in Mehsana has been booked for violating the provisions of Drugs and Magic Remedies (Objectionable Advertisement) Act 1954. Koshia says, \"The Act specifies that no person or company can advertise a drug that is used for treating sexual impotence among other medical disorders, unless prescribed by registered medical practitioners.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16871801", "title": "Ahmedabad emerging as a promising destination for auto sector", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city is emerging as the most promising destination for fresh investments in the manufacturing, auto and pharmaceutical sectors in the country. The numero uno status has been brought out in a study by global real estate consultancy, Cushman &amp; Wakefield (C&W;) after comparing investments in other emerging cities of the country.Besides Ahmedabad, the report found Bhubaneswar, Chandigarh, Coimbatore, Indore, Jaipur, Kochi, Nagpur, Vadodara and Vishakhapatnam as the 'next most promising business destinations offering a long term investment potential'.\"In the last two years, volume of investment by various companies in these 10 cities has increased by over seven times. Ahmedabad has attracted nearly 39% of the investments,\" the report said. Sanjay Dutt, executive managing director, C &W; India, said, \"These cities represent the possible growth trajectory India's economy will follow in the next few years. The growth in these cities will be led by primary sectors like metallurgy and power, though services and manufacturing will play a crucial role.\"The report says that metals and metal products manufacturing companies have made the highest volume of investments of 39%, followed by power production companies at around 16% and chemical and petrochemical companies at approximately11% share. Recently, another international survey, which studied 120 cities across the world, ranked Ahmedabad 92 in the overall ratings. However, the city was ranked 19th in terms of economic strength. The survey pegged Ahmedabad's GDP growth per annum at around 10.1% between 2010 and 2016.\"Gujarat, on the whole, has been a buzzing economy,\" said well-known economist Bibek Debroy. Historically, the state governments have acquired lot of land which makes land availability easier for industries. The periphery of Ahmedabad and the stretch between Ahmedabad and Vadodara are attracting large-scale investments in the manufacturing sector due to the strategic location.\"Former IIM-A director Bakul Dholakia added, \"Ahmedabad is the fastest growing city in the country currently. While commuting in Mumbai, Bangalore and Delhi has become a nightmare, in Ahmedabad travelling to the airport from any area takes less than an hour. Ahmedabad is on top because most companies investing in the state have a registered office in Gujarat.\"Top draw for investors tooAhmedabad has attracted nearly 39% of the total investments announced for the 10 most emerging cities since 2010. It mainly got investments in automobile and auto components sector, followed by telecom and real estate and infrastructure. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16873446", "title": "Epic bits on campus", "text": "LUDHIANA: Since Dussehra will be a holiday, students of Ram Lal Bhasin Public School decided not to miss out on the fun and organized a Ramleela in their school on Thursday. They enacted scenes from the Ramayana, where Mehak Arora, a student of class VII played Sita, Onidhveer Singh, a class V student played Rama, Dular of class V enacted the role of Laxman, while Abhishek Gupta of class IX played Bharat. The other actors were Mukul Dhiman, a class VIII student who played Ravana and Navkirat Singh, a Class IV student who enacted Hanuman's role.As part of the celebrations, an effigy of Ravana was also burnt, which had been made by the students. Onidhveer said, \"Playing his part was challenging, as looking serious as well as graceful was difficult.\"Mukul, who played 'Ravana' said, \"While working on the play, I got to know that though Ravana was evil but he was also a genius.\"The motive of celebrating Dussehra on the campus was to spread the message of victory of good over evil.Officiating headmistress Gurleen Kaur said, \"Each festival has its significance and we make sure that festivals are celebrated in school.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872467", "title": "Estranged wife can earn while studying in US: Husband", "text": "MUMBAI: While opposing his wife's plea to enhance maintenance, saying he is not obliged to finance her further studies, a man told the Bombay high court on Thursday that those who go to the US to study, work simultaneously.A division bench of Justices V M Kanade and P D Kode was hearing a petition by Sheila Birajdar challenging the Pune family court's 2011 order, which directed her husband, Aneesh, to pay her a maintenance of Rs 15,000 (approximately $300) per month. The family court had dismissed Aneesh's divorce plea and allowed Sheila's appeal for restitution of conjugal rights. She has sought Rs 2.5 lakh maintenance.Aneesh works as a principal consultant in with IBM , Boston. The couple got married in Pune in on May 6, 2007 and left for the US to pursue their careers. However, soon after, Sheila returned, saying her grandmother was unwell. Thereafter, she did not return. In 2008, Aneesh filed for a divorce. In 2010, Sheila went to Boston and joined Cambridge College. They live separately. Sheila has completed her dentistry in India and MBA in hospital administration.Sheila's advocate Ramesh Lalwani said she has enrolled for a two-year master of science in health care informatics course and needs money. He said she cannot work with her F1 visa. Also, Aneesh earns over Rs 4 lakh a month and while he \"needs $3,700 (Rs 1.85 lakh) for basic expenses to survive in the US, she also needs the same\". \"When they got married, he had agreed to finance her education. The situation should not change as there is a rift,\" said Lalwani.Countering Sheila's demand, for \"an astronomical\" maintenance, Aneesh's advocates Ashutosh Kumbhakoni and Geeta Mulekar said she is equally educated and in a position to earn. \"There is a marked distinction between wants and needs. Wants can have no limits but needs have to be considered for maintenance.Parents of students who go to the US from India pay only for their travel and other expenditures. There, as a rule, everybody works. They earn and learn. Can it be said that because she is my wife, I should finance her education? Is her education not enough to make her career?\" asked Kumbhakoni on Aneesh's behalf.Kumbhakoni said Aneesh is ready to pay for her maintenance but not for education. Lalwani produced a statement listing Sheila's expenses. Kumbhakoni said with her current qualification, she can earn $3,600 and does not need maintenance. He said under the optional practical training, students can earn and learn. The verdict has been reserved. (Names changed to protect identities)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hassanur (sathyamangalam)", "code": "16872878", "title": "Real estate boom in old Veerappan haunt", "text": "HASSANUR (SATHYAMANGALAM): Few dared to travel on this pretty patch of rolling hills and fields after dusk once upon a time. Forest brigand Veerappan lorded over this green belt where the Western and the Eastern Ghats meet, until he was shot on this day eight years ago. Now realtors and investors are crowding the villages of Dhimbam, Hassanur and Thalavady in Sathyamangalam taluk area to slice large tracts of revenue land into plots and farms, selling them to those looking for a holiday retreat or retirement home. Realtors believe these villages, blessed with a salubrious climate and clean air and water, are on the cusp of becoming retirement havens for the movers and shakers of Tamil Nadu.As the road winds up along the 27 hairpin bends of Dhimbam hills and plateaus at more than 1,000m above sea level, billboards advertising property greet visitors. \"When Veerappan was ruling the roost in the Thalavady-Dimbam region, the price of land was barely 8,000 for an acre. There were times when there were no land transactions due to fear of the Robin Hood of Thalavady. Now, land close to the Coimbatore-Mysore National Highway costs between 80 lakh and 90 lakh for an acre,'' says P Durai, a resident and senior leader of the CPI. He says even people from Karnataka and Kerala are buying land in the region.Plots in Hassanur, where Veerappan stayed for years in a tin-roofed shelter, shocking the state police by killing five informers in October 1993, cost a fortune now. A cent of land, which sold for 1,000 in 2003, now sells between 65,000 and 75,000. An acre now sells for anywhere between 50 lakh and 90 lakh, up from 8,000 eight years ago. S Satheesh, an Erode-based realtor, bought three acres of land at Gangally in Hassanur five years ago at 8 lakh per acre. Now, he has been offered 73 lakh for an acre. \"I bought the land five years ago after realty started looking up there. My relatives discouraged me saying the land was about 180km from my home. Now it is fetching a huge amount,\" he says. The sparsely populated area has all the ingredients to become a retirement outback. Situated mid-way on the national highway that connects Coimbatore to Mysore, the Dhimbam-Hassanur-Thalavady area is little more than two hours by road from both the cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16871512", "title": "Preventive arrests for crime-free Durga puja", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Wary of the spurt in incidents of burglary, theft and snatching in the capital, city police is on high alert ahead of the Durga Puja. Around 25 anti-socials, who had walked out on bail after being arrested on different charges, have been hunted down again in the last one week, sources said.Sources described these operations as 'preventive arrests'. \"This is a drive we usually carry out during major festivals. The notorious criminals will be taken into custody to prevent any crime,\" said a senior police officer. \"During verification, if we find any of them guilty in fresh crimes, they will be produced in court. The rest would be let off,\" the police officer said.Sources said police have registered 988 theft and 207 burglary cases since September this year. While they have had a tough time catching snatchers, the robbery at BJD MLA's house on October 6 at MLA Colony has left them red-faced. The lawmaker's house is at a stone's throw from the commissionerate police headquarter. Police have lodged 127 theft cases in September alone. Nearly 105 theft incidents had occurred during the 2011 puja season.\"We have already intensified patrolling across the city. Special security arrangements have been made around the major puja pandals,\" DCP Nitinjeet Singh said. \"Vital puja pandals will be installing CCTV cameras to help us prevent crime. Plain-clothed policemen will keep an eye on people,\" Singh said.Police are also keeping a close watch on anti-social activities at some community youth clubs in the city. Wednesday night's murder of the member of a youth club at Nayapally, and recent killing of another youth club functionary at Rangamatia, have left police on their toes. Group clashes resulting out of previous enmity were also witnessed at Kharavela Nagar and Saheed Nagar localities in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16870404", "title": "Aamir Khan keeps his promise, to leave for Haj with mother on Friday", "text": "MUMBAI: Aamir Khan will be leaving for Haj on Friday morning along with his mother Zeenat Husain.The actor who returned from Chicago on Thursday morning after shooting for Dhoom 3 addressed the press at the music launch of his upcoming film Talaash and said: \"I am leaving for Haj and will be returning in the first week of November.''Aamir had recently asked his mother if he could get her a gift and she expressed her desire to go on a pilgrimage. Since women can only go to Haj accompanied either by their husband, brother or son, Aamir promised his mother that he will make the trip to Mecca with her.Aamir is extremely close to his mother and has become even more protective of her after the death of his father Tahir Hussain in February 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16872708", "title": "Ward boy points gun at nurse", "text": "KANPUR: A staff nurse of Ursala Horseman Hospital here was taken by surprise when the ward boy she was scolding for poor work whipped out a gun and pointed it at her in the presence of other nurses of the hospital. In the afternoon hours on Thursday Sister Kamlesh called ward boy Kundan Pandey to the nurses' room and scolded him for not working properly. According to the other nurses present in the room, Kamlesh was only asking him to do his work properly but Kundan allegedly took out a gun and pointed it towards her and threatened to deal with her when she returned home.The matter came into light when Kamlesh left the room in tears and complained through a letter to the matron of the hospital describing how she had been harassed by the ward boy.The staff nurses went together to the chamber of hospital superintendent-in-chief (SIC) DR U C Sinha and complained about the ward boy's misbehaviour. Meanwhile, Kundan was seen loitering on the hospital campus with the loaded gun unchecked by the hospital administration.According Dr Sinha, the ward boy was not found with any gun but to be on the safer side, he was shifted to the general ward. The hospital authorities also tried to resolve the matter but the nurses went on strike. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16871165", "title": "Water supply to vet college cut", "text": "HYDERABAD: As part of a special drive, the HMWS&SB; on Thursday disconnected water supply to College of Veterinary, Rajendranagar. As per the records, the college authorities have to pay Rs 5.56 lakh arrears to the Water Board. \"We sent notices to the college several times, but they failed to clear the dues,\" a senior HMWS&SB; official told TOI. The Water Board also disconnected water connection to one S V Ramanappa, who had arrears of Rs 1. 33 lakh.So far, 730 disconnections have been effected since the drive started on September 24 and the outstanding dues/arrears from these defaulters amount to nearly Rs 2.67 crore, according to an official release issued by HMWS&SB; here on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16875029", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar shouldn't get Order of Australia: Matthew Hayden", "text": "MELBOURNE: Upset at Indian cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar getting the Order of Australia, former batsman Matthew Hayden said the honour should be \"exclusive\" to his countrymen.\"Now, if Sachin was living in Australia -- give him the Prime Minister's gong I reckon -- but the reality of it is he's living in India,\" Hayden told a radio show.Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard announced the honour for Tendulkar during a recent visit to India.Hayden, who is also a former recipient of the title, said only Australians should be conferred with such awards as they are about national honour.\"I think it should be exclusive to Australians...I'm not so sure. There's things that are sacred amongst our country,\" Hayden said.\"I kind of understand the point of the fact that he has been such an iconic figure here in Australia and there's an enormous population of Indians that are working here and living here very happily and in harmony with Australia that have naturalised and I think that's a great part of our country, how multi-cultural that we are,\" he explained.Tendulkar is only the second Indian after former attorney general Soli Sorabjee to get the honour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16873111", "title": "MP board XIIth mark-sheet not to carry date of birth", "text": "BHOPAL: The board of secondary education MP has abolished the practice of putting the students birth date on the mark-sheets of class XII examinations. A decision for the same was taken at a recent meeting of the examination committee.MP Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE) had introduced the practise of putting the board examinee's date of birth in the class XII mark-sheet from the year 2008.Sources add that henceforth, MPBSE would issue a new mark-sheet in case the candidate's total mark increase by even a mark in the re-totaling. Previously, a new mark sheet was issued only when a minimum of 10 or more marks were increased during the re-valuation/totaling.Sources say that in the past three years, correction of birthdate in the mark-sheets has proven to be a daunting task for the board and the anomalies in dates have left the students harassed. The board receives around 300 applications for correction of date of births daily.Besides, many documents are required as proofs for the correction in the birthdate of a candidate. Also, MP Board no longer takes the mark sheets of classes V and VIII as the proof for birthdate corrections.Sources say that the board has initiated this move to cut down on paperwork.Also, another important decision taken in the meeting was that hence, an additional certificate would not be issued by the board for the class X and XII students. Now the certificate would be issued along with the mark-sheet. This practice was there prior to the year 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "asansol", "code": "16871502", "title": "Asansol gang rape accused gets seven days in police custody", "text": "ASANSOL: Avik Ghosh, an accused in the rape of a first-year polytechnic student, was produced in Asansol's ACJM court on Thursday and remanded in seven days of police custody.The third-year student of Nazrul Centenary Polytechnic College in Rupnaraynpur was arrested in a joint raid by the detective department of Asansol-Durgapur police commissionerate and Sreerampore Police on Wednesday evening. Police sources said that the youth had been hiding in his uncle's house at Khotir Bazaar in Hooghly.ADCP (West) Subrata Ganguly said that the police raided the house after being tipped off. Ghosh had to undergo a medical examination at Asansol sub-divisional hospital on Thursday before being sent to court, said sources.\"We had sought ten days' police custody for interrogating the accused, but the court granted only seven days. We will grill him further to get the exact details of what happened on that day. We also need to know if he has any idea about where the other accused are hiding,\" Ganguly said.It may be recalled that the fresher was invited to a birthday party at the college union room by her classmate Sovona Das last Tuesday. Later, she was allegedly drugged and raped by two seniors of her college and an outsider Mithilesh Ojha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16872980", "title": "30-yr-old music mag hits right pitch", "text": "CHENNAI: When former economist N Pattabhi Raman decided to start a magazine on performing arts in English in the 1980s, he went about it methodically: He did project reports to assess its viability and networked with contacts across the world to draw the best talent. His pet project 'Sruti' magazine is now in its 30th year.It is one of the few in the country that exclusively covers Carnatic music, various forms of classical dance, H8industani music, and theatre.The Sruti Foundation will celebrate the founder-editor's 80th birth anniversary from October 19 to 21 with a variety of programmes, including a function to honour Bharatanatyam guru K Kalyanasundaram and Carnatic musician Suguna Purushothaman.\"Pattabhi Raman's passion for Carnatic music and classical arts led him to start 'Sruti' in 1983,\" says editor-in-chief V Ramnarayan. He and his wife Gowri, who is also a singer and a theatre director, assisted his uncle Pattabhi Raman with the first issue that had in-depth profiles of artists and features on music.\"Uncle was a great networker and brought in people with a strong professional background. He didn't think twice about asking the Sangeet Natak Akademi for endorsement. We still get a grant from them,\" says Ramnarayan.The early days were heady for both writers and readers. While writers chased artists and came up with pen-pictures, readers got insights into the legendary musicians. \"The pieces were the first of their kind. There were personalised accounts of meetings with legendary musicians like G N Balausbramaniam, Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer and D K Pattammal. I remember reading how 'Flute' Mali was also very good at playing the violin,\" says musician 'Chitravina' N Ravikiran.The magazine also touched south Indians living elsewhere. Executive editor S Janaki remembers reading it while living in Dhanbad in Jharkhand. \"The salary was meagre at first but I stayed on because we were documenting the arts. Getting to know legends like dancers Padma Subrahmanyam, Sonal Mansingh and Vyjayanthimala Bali was great,\" says Janaki, who is also a Bharatanatyam dancer.The documentation was crucial in the pre-internet era. Since it didn't mince words, the magazine gained credibility. There was stinging criticism about poor acoustics, stage decor, and bad toilets at venues. \"The editor was concerned about the aesthetics of the art. We still write about the need to remove advertising banners from the stage,\" says Janaki. It even had a chatty 'Whispering Gallery' column, which left readers guessing about the people mentioned. Soon, 'Sruti' started writing about Hindustani music. It covers western classical and folk music occasionally.The magazine, which survived a lean period following Pattabhi Raman's death in 2002, is now owned by the Sanmar Group and is trying to win more subscribers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16873123", "title": "Children from MP disappearing mysteriously", "text": "BHOPAL: In a shocking revelation, around 5,500 tribal girls have gone missing from ten tribal regions of the state in the last five years. Of these, more than 1,500 girls have disappeared without a trace.According to a report released recently by a city based NGO Vikas Samvad, 7,521 children went missing from the state over the last 10 years. Of these 12,936 remain untraced to this day.While 8,518 children who have disappeared are girls, 4,528 are boys.Prashant Dubey of Vikas Samvad who was instrumental in the compilation of thid report said, \"Trafficking or smuggling is predominant in the tribal regions. The districts listed as sensitive include Balaghat, Seoni, Mandla, Dindori, Sidhi, Chhindwara, Katni, Betul, Raisen, Khandwa and Khargone.\"Incidentally, the districts where most of these cases are reported have a highly 'favourable' female sex ratio viz Balaghat (1,021), Mandla (1,005) and Dindori (1,004). Most of the girl trafficking victims come from these districts, the report said.\"Of equal concern is the fact that the states to which most of these girls are sent are where the female sex ratio is most dismal. The girls are sold in the marriage market in these states,\" said Dubey.Boys unsafe tooAccording to the report, boys are sold within the state or sold to southern states to work in stone quarries, construction sites or for sex trafficking. In the last 9 years, more than 4,500 boys have disappeared without a trace. Children are not only taken from Madhya Pradesh but are also being brought here. During recent raids conducted in Indore over two months, 57 children, who were sold in Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal, were rescued.Girls disappearing from state capital as wellIncidents of girls disappearing are being reported in Bhopal also. They are regularly being taken on the promises of a marriage, claims the report. \"What compounds the problem is that these incidents happen with the consent of family members,\" said Dubey. 1,519 girls have disappeared from the capital in the last five years. Of these, around 400 are still untraceable. The figures highlight how on an average one girl is disappearing from the capital every day and a little over one in five (27 %) remains untraced. Recently on June 14, the Indore police caught four girls being taken from Bhopal. They were released after they proved they were above the age of consent.Authorities unperturbedThe per capita expenditure on children averaged over a period of 2005-06 to 2008-09. While the state's education expenditure per child is Rs 1,395, the security expenditure per child is a menial Rs 1.94. Given the serious problem of a flourishing 'flesh trade' in the state, 24 anti-human trafficking units were sanctioned. However the personnel assigned in the said units are either ill-trained or without orientation to differentiate between 'missing' and 'trafficking'.Referring to the report, additional director general of the police (ADG) Aruna Mohan Rao, nodal officer for the anti-human trafficking units, said, \"We are aware of the problem.Out of the 24 sanctioned anti-trafficking units, 16 have been set up in the last two years and eight more would be there by next year.\"On the issue of orientation of the staff she said, \"Five training sessions have been conducted already. Four national seminars, including one in November are in the offing.\"\"We have also issued a strong directive that all missing children cases should be investigated like a trafficking case. Constant monitoring is also important,\" Rao added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16872185", "title": "PM ignored advice to hike 2G entry fee: Ex-cabinet secretary", "text": "NEW DELHI: Little more than a month before 2G licences were issued, then cabinet secretary K M Chandrasekhar had advised Prime Minister Manmohan Singh that a revision of entry fees could yield revenues of Rs 35,000 crore to the government.In a note to the PM on December 4, 2007, Chandrasekhar set out revenue implications of revisiting the 2001 rate of Rs 1,650 crore in view of rising teledensity, inflation and a rapidly expanding consumer base. \"Corporates were lining up for licences,\" he told the JPC on Thursday.Although Chandrasekhar did not spell out a specific entry fee, he said a revision would have increased revenues significantly.Chandrasekhar qualified his remarks, saying factors like ensuring a level-playing field between old and new operators and Trai recommendations weighed on the government but Opposition members felt his evidence boosts their argument that spectrum was sold cheap at around Rs 10,000 crore.Congress and Opposition BJP and Left have clashed fiercely over 2G airwaves being sold in 2008 at 2001 prices. Congress claims keeping cellphone services affordable was the priority, while Opposition says the Supreme Court order scrapping licenses vindicates allegations of graft and malafide.CPI MP Gurudas Dasgupta asked if he had tendered advice keeping in mind a buoyant market, to which Chandrasekhar reportedly said that there was a long queue of private players keen on entering the sector that presented an investment opportunity.The former cabinet secretary is understood to have told the committee that business groups were willing to pay for spectrum and there was a lively interest in the sector ahead of the issuance of 2G licences by the telecom ministry under DMK's A Raja, who is now a prime accused in the scam.The PM sought views from several quarters ahead of the licences and had asked Chandrasekhar to examine the possibility of enhancing revenues. Singh had in early November, 2007, written to Raja to look at options like auctions which the DMK leader turned down.The revenue generated figure is close to the Rs 40,000 crore quoted by CPM leader Sitaram Yechury in a letter he wrote to the PM. The CBI in its charge sheet has referred to likely revenue of Rs 30,984 crore in 2G allocations.Asked by Yechury if rules of business were violated with DoT not concurring with the finance ministry on pricing of spectrum, Chandrasekhar said the ministries were to sort out matters. This was initiated by his predecessor B K Chaturvedi. Pressed on what ensues if PMO did not ensure rules are followed, he offered no response.On the specific question of revenue loss in the light of the Comptroller and Auditor General's Rs 1.76 lakh crore estimate, the witness said he did not agree that there was any \"revenue abandonment\". This would have happened if spectrum was allotted at less that the 2001 rates. It was not possible to calculate loss on the basis of assuming a different policy.He pointed out that in the light of the Supreme Court ruling, it was clear that revenue maximization need not be the sole objective of government policy.In response to questions posed by Congress member Manish Tewari, the former cabinet secretary contradicted the claim of ex-DoT secretary D S Mathur that the latter had put down his alleged differences with Raja. To the contrary, DoT communication indicated a concurrence over major issues.On the controversial March 25, 2011, the finance ministry note setting out an \"official\" chronology of the 2G events, Chandrasekhar owned up for lack of communication with a junior official over a reference in the document that suggested that finance minister P Chidambaram could have nipped the scam.But he insisted that he did not see the note as it was sent by the finance ministry to the prime minister's office. Chandrasekhar said the note was entirely an internal document of the finance ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16872025", "title": "Government plans Buddhist centre at Langudi", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has decided to open an advanced centre for Buddhist studies at Langudi in Jajpur district. The proposed centre, to be operational from January 1, aims to attract students from across the globe.It will offer certificate courses, diploma courses, post graduate and research courses in phases. The courses will be mainly self-financing at its initial stage. The decision was taken in a meeting chaired by tourism and culture minister Maheswar Mohanty.In a related development, the state government has decided to host a three-day international Buddhist seminar at Udayagiri from February 1 to 3, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16871828", "title": "Man with 34kg peacock feathers held at airport", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Mumbai resident was caught with 34kg of peacock feathers at Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International airport on Thursday morning. Azgar Ali, 29, was travelling to Dubai in an Emirates Airline flight before airport customs intercepted him at the airport.Ali was caught during screening of his check-in baggage when airline officials found suspicious material inside his luggage and alerted customs officials.\"From the two bags we found 34kg of peacock tail feathers, which is a banned item for export. Ali, who was working as a carrier, was asked to deliver the consignment to an address in Dubai,\" said a senior customs official. Sources said that Ali named a person who had given him the feathers and that he took an early morning train to Mumbai from Ahmedabad station.\"After Ali's tip-off, railway officials were alerted. Ali said that the man who gave him the feathers was travelling to Mumbai in Karnavati Express. A man of that name was nabbed at Borivali station and brought to Ahmedabad, but it was found that he was not the one,\" sources said. Sources said that the kingpin behind the failed smuggling attempt is based in Dubai.Officials said that the feathers are not of the original length hence it can't be known if they are illegally plucked from peacock. Sources said that the consignment was on way to China via Dubai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871280", "title": "Boys kill 24-year-old for sodomizing them", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 24-year-old man, working as a transporter's assistant, was allegedly murdered on Wednesday night by two juveniles working in the same office after the deceased tried repeatedly to sodomize one of them. Both have been apprehended.The boys from Bihar , aged 16 and 17 years, were working as cleaners along with Kallu Pharu in the office in Janakpuri. While one of them lived in Uttam Nagar, the other stayed in the office owned by Inderpal who runs 12 buses.\"On Wednesday, Pharu allegedly tried to sodomize the boy who used to sleep in the office. The other boy, by chance, was also there. When he got to know about it, the two throttled Pharu,\" said additional CP (west) V Renganathan.In another incident, a decomposed body of an unidentified woman, aged between 21 and 24 years, was found in a gunny bag near a park in Bharat Nagar, northwest Delhi, on Thursday. Preliminary investigations reveal that she was murdered elsewhere. Her left forearm bore a tattoo, Bharat &amp; Devi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871163", "title": "Rickshaws may be run as feeders", "text": "NEW DELHI: The capital may soon witness non-motorized transport getting a fillip. At a meeting chaired by the chief secretary of Delhi government on Thursday, agencies were told to promote non-motorized transport (NMT) as it is likely to play a key role in last-mile connectivity for public transport. While planning body Unified Traffic &amp; Transportation Infrastructure (Planning &amp; Engineering) Centre (UTTIPEC) has been asked to ensure separate lanes for NMT, the transport department is in the process of forming a cycle-rickshaw policy that will include legal provisions for rickshaws, including their registration and prosecution, sources said.\"Rickshaws generate employment, are environment friendly as they are fuel-efficient and work as a feeder service between public transport and residential areas. With more Metro stations being built, these will play a key role and need proper policy and road space. Road-owning agencies and UTTIPEC have been asked to implement such lanes in all roads being developed in Delhi,\" said a source.UTTIPEC officials have said that under the master plan, there are already provisions for NMT lanes and that their street design guidelines have also suggested the need for NMT lanes. They will be coordinating with PWD and other agencies to build such lanes. Parking for rickshaws will also be organized.The transport department has reportedly drawn up a preliminary draft of a rickshaw policy and will move a bill only after directions from court. This will be a 'Rickshaw Act', as cycle rickshaws don't come under the Motor Vehicles Act.All agencies at the meeting agreed that the ban on cycle-rickshaws on arterial roads should be reviewed. \"Currently rickshaws have to cross from one road to another and as a result have to cross the arterial roads. Instead of banning them, it was suggested that a proper policy needs to be worked out for their disciplined plying,\" added the source.However, Delhi Police has strongly opposed the plying of rickshaws on arterial roads. Claiming that mixed traffic causes severe congestion on main roads and rickshaw lanes built on Shyama Prasad Mukherjee Marg near Old Delhi Railway Station have only led to worsening of the situation, the traffic cops have said that allowing rickshaws on main roads will cause a traffic mess.Poor design of SP Mukherjee Marg had earlier led to severe jams in the area as free left turns were closed. A report by the Central Road Research Institute (CRRI) had slammed the design and its execution as well. Traffic cops are concerned that a similar mess will be seen elsewhere if such lanes are built.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16870933", "title": "Fake certificate racket active in Ernakulam", "text": "KOCHI: An Ernakulam-based racket is into supplying fake degree certificates of Mahatma Gandhi University to candidates who want to apply for jobs abroad. Police have launched a probe in this regard after a person from Angamaly was arrested by Kottayam East police for submitting a fake BCom degree certificate of Mahatma Gandhi University to the Consulate of Ireland in New Delhi.Jismon Antony (32) of Mellepilly, Angamaly, was arrested by a police team led by Kottayam East circle inspector Rejo P Joseph based on a complaint lodged by the university. \"We have questioned the person. As per his submission, the certificate was given by a person known to him in Ernakulam. A racket is operating in the district to provide fake degree certificates to the people who are applying for jobs in other countries. We will move an application before the court, seeking his custody for detailed interrogation,\" Joseph told TOI.He said there were three similar complaints from the university in the past six months. This time around, the university got information about the fake degree certificate after the Ireland consulate suspected the genuineness of the certificate submitted. They immediately alerted the university, which found that no such certificate was issued in the name of Jismon Antony.Police said the racket faked only BCom degree certificates as it was quite easy for the certificate holder to convince about his knowledge on the subject compared to other streams like mathematics, physics or chemistry that involve practical sessions.\"There is a huge demand for fake certificates in the state and the racket charges Rs 50,000-Rs 1 lakh for a certificate. Earlier, the certificates were made in Mumbai but now there are small-time printing centres in the state that forge certificates,\" an officer said, adding that at least 80% of those using fake certificates get away without being detected by mere luck.Though the State Crime Records Bureau does not maintain a separate crime head for certificate fraud cases, the total number of forgery cases - including certificates -- has touched 3,125 by September 30 this year. The number of forgery cases in 2010 and 2011 were 3,584 and 5,160 respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16872122", "title": "Civic officials not acting on complaints, say Pune corporators", "text": "PUNE: Women members of the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation's (PCMC) standing committee on Wednesday alleged during the panel's meeting that civic officials were not taking cognizance of their complaints about civic works.Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) corporator Sonali Zam alleged that no new works have started in her ward in the last six months after her election as a corporator.Discussions on various issues are held at the standing committee meeting, but the officials do not take any action.Another NCP corporator, Vinaya Tapkir, said that residents of Charholi are facing water shortage problems for the last six months.However, civic officials are not taking any action despite repeated complaints. Corporator Anita Tapkir alleged that the civic body is not acquiring land reserved for various amenities in the development plan.As a result, encroachments are spreading rapidly on such reserved plots and, later, the civic body will have to spend money to remove them.Shiv Sena corporator Ashwini Chinchawade said she had sought information on reserved plots in her ward in Chinchwad but there has been no response.Republican Party of India (RPI) (Athavale group) corporator Chandrakanta Sonkamble said she had demanded that a new bridge be built across the Mula river to link Dapodi in PCMC limits with Bopodi in the neighbouring Pune Municipal Corporation limits.There is traffic congestion on the two existing bridges that connect Dapodi and Bopodi daily during peak morning and evening hours.NCP corporator Chhaya Sable from Pimpri said the civic body has implemented a slum rehabilitation project in Bhatnagar area which has been completed but it has not received completion certificate for the last one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871020", "title": "Theft at trader\u2019s Greater Kailash-II house, help missing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cash worth Rs 18 lakh was stolen from a businessman's Greater Kailash-II residence while the family was away attending a function. On returning, Devender Singh Nagar, a garment trader, found his servant to be missing, who cops claim was yet to be verified. This is the fifth incident of theft/robbery reported from the Kalkaji and C R Park police station area in the past one month.Cops are yet to analyze CCTV footage to find out if anyone else was involved in the theft. The servant had been employed three months ago. Though Nagar said the servant is a resident of the Sandeshkhali area of West Bengal, cops suspect he may be a Nepali citizen.Of the five recent incidents in the area, only one case has been solved so far. Police officials believe the crimes are the handiwork of one particular gang. \"The gang operates in two steps. They get their own men employed as servants, cleaners and hawkers, and target vulnerable women who are alone at home,\" said an officer.On October 10, a 79-year-old woman, Archana Chakroborty, was robbed at her CR Park residence. Four days after the robbery, police arrested two suspects, identified as Naba Kumar Das and Mrityunjay, and a jeweller named Ramzan Ali, who received the loot. Mrityunjay knew the area very well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16873364", "title": "MIMS\u2019 health education van to reach city today", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Dr MIMS health education van, launched on October 4 in Thiruvananthapuram by chief minister Oommen Chandy , will reach here on Friday. The van will visit BEM Girls' HSS at 9.30am. Mayor A K Premajam will inaugurate the training in BEM HSS.Managing director of MIMS Dr Abdulla Cherayakkat, executive director U Basheer, chief coordinator of the programme Dr Remesh Bhasi and the school principal will attend the function.The van will also visit Devagiri CMI Public School, Malabar Christian College HSS, JDT Islam VHSS, Providence Girls' HSS and GHSS-Karaparamba.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16872755", "title": "Seminar on higher education", "text": "KANPUR: Virendra Swarup Group of Institutions and Grant MacEwan University, Canada , organised a seminar on 'Emerging trends in global higher education' at Raghendra Swarup auditorium here on Thursday.Deborah Taylor, manager, international admissions and enrolment at Grant MacEwan University, told the students about the avenues of higher education outside India. She said that after completing the course, the students can opt for advance courses in Canada. She also spoke about the student and faculty exchange programs, preparatory courses for Indian students seeking admissions in UG and PG courses in Canadian Universities, dual degree program and Indo-Canadian curriculum.Aptitude olympiad: The students of International Center English School excelled in National Aptitude Olympiad this year. The selected students were given scholarships worth Rs 1,000 for good work.Hand washing week: The members of an NGO taught the students of a primary school how to wash hands properly as part of ongoing Global Hand Washing Week. They urge teachers to cultivate the habit of washing hands among students before eating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16875926", "title": "SC: Rape victim's testimony enough", "text": "BANGALORE: The Supreme Court has, on more than one occasion, ruled that the victim's testimony is evidence enough to nail the accused in rape cases even if medical evidence does not corroborate the crime.While hearing a rape case from Uttar Pradesh, a division bench of Justice Arijit Pasayat and Justice SH Kapadia had in 2005 ruled: \"If the totality of circumstances appearing on the record of the case discloses that the prosecutrix does not have a strong motive to falsely involve the person charged, the court should ordinarily have no hesitation in accepting her evidence.\"The bench added: \"If evidence of the prosecutrix inspires confidence, it must be relied upon without seeking corroboration of her statement in material particulars. If for some reason the court finds it difficult to place implicit reliance on her testimony, it may look for evidence which may lend assurance to her testimony, short of corroboration, required in the case of an accomplice.\"Another rape case from Kodagu district in Karnataka reached the apex court in 2007. A coffee plantation labourer had been raped by her supervisor in 2000 and both the trial court and high court sentenced the accused to seven years rigorous imprisonment.Dismissing the appeal in the case of BC Deva alias Dyava v/s State of Karnataka, a Supreme Court division bench of Justice RV Raveendran and Justice Lokeshwar Singh Panta ruled:\"Though the report of the gynaecologist pertaining to the medical examination of the prosecutrix does not disclose any evidence of sexual intercourse, yet even in the absence of any corroboration of medical evidence, the oral testimony of the prosecutrix, which is found to be cogent, reliable, convincing and trustworthy has to be accepted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16872626", "title": "Armed robbers strike posing as Kesco personnel", "text": "KANPUR: Alert women residents of a house in Ashok Nagar area under the limits of Nazirabad police foiled an armed robbery attempt here on Thursday.The robbers four in number posing as Kesco personnel reached the house of Mangal Chand Agarwal, owner of Shantiniketan sweets in Ashok nagar area. Police said the four persons, posing as personnel of the power company reached the Agarwals' house around 2 pm.\"After gaining entry into the house the four men whipped out country-made pistols and tried to overpower Agarwal's wife Satya Bhama,\" a police officer said.Describing the incident, Bhama said: \"They caught me and one of them tried to gag me, while the rest pointed pistols at other inmates including my daughter-in-law Preeti and grand children Raghav and Keshav. I managed to free myself and began shouting for help. Hearing my cries, a few locals rushed to help.\"Afraid of getting caught, the robbers fled the spot, leaving three firearms behind. Police said they had confiscated all of these. DIG Amitabh Yash told TOI that police reached the spot soon after the incident.\"We are investigating the matter. No arrests have been made. The robbery attempt was foiled by the alertness and brave resistance offered by the women inmates of the house. Their cries for help alerted others in the area,\" Yash said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16872348", "title": "Calangute-Baga road to get footpath", "text": "CALANGUTE: The Calangute panchayat on Thursday began demolishing roadside illegal extensions on the main Baga road so as to enable widening of the narrow road.Speaking to TOI at the site, Calangute panch member Joseph Sequeira said the owners of the roadside properties had been given a notice period and they had finally decided to demolish the illegal structures using a heavy earthmoving machine. He said the issue had been pending for the last five years.The demolition squad began by razing around 10 structures near Ronil Beach Resort, and structures including the compound wall alongside Cafe Coffee Day. Sequeira said that none of the owners or leaseholders of the properties created a problem. A strong police force was also present to prevent any untoward incident. The demolition exercise will also continue for some more days. All the illegal extensions from Baga right up to the Baga-Calangute junction will be demolished, said Sequeira.The demolished areas cover two meters. Calangute MLA Michael Lobo, who was also present at the site, said that the cleared area will be used to construct a footpath as there is currently no space for people to walk on the busy Baga road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16872635", "title": "Kerosene mafia tries to set district supply officer on fire", "text": "LUCKNOW: The district supply officer (DSO) of Badaun and his team were held hostage, severely assaulted, doused in kerosene and were about to be set on fire by alleged kerosene mafia and his men when they somehow managed to escape and take refuge inside the local Gareeb Nagar police station on Thursday. The team had gone to raid a fair-price outlet following complaints of large-scale hoarding and supply of adulterated cheap quality kerosene, when it was trapped. Surprisingly, the local block pramukh owing alliance to the Samajwadi Party (SP), who was nominated as the official spot witness to the raid by the government officials, later switched sides to lead the mob attack on the DSO and his team.Senior administrative and police officials rushed to the site with police and PAC back-up once the DSO and his team reached the Gareeb Nagar police station which in turn informed the top brass about the incident. An FIR was being lodged with the police naming five individuals and hundreds of their unidentified aides as accused. Police were preparing to conduct raids and arrest the named accused, at the time of filing this report.Reports said that DSO Neeraj Kumar had been receiving repeated complaints of irregularities at the licensed government controlled kerosene outlet in Dhelwa locality of the district. The store was in the name of Girish Chandra Gupta and Satish Chandra Gupta. After due consultation with the top brass, the DSO decided to conduct a surprise raid at the outlet for first-hand verification of the situation at the ground-level. Neeraj Kumar along with six of his subordinates, two guards and driver reached the outlet on Thursday evening.The store owner, taken aback by the move, fled the scene locking the store from outside even before the team could get off the jeep. Thereafter, as per norms, Neeraj Kumar ordered sealing of the store when the local block pramukh arrived at the scene to enquire about what was happening. \"He initially appeared to be objective in his role so we named him as the public witness who signed the government documents confirming that the kerosene store was found locked and thereafter sealed by the DSO team. But later he started to exert pressure for a compromise. But we refused to oblige,\" said Neeraj Kumar talking to TOI from Badaun.\"It was only when we got into the government jeep when the block pramukh himself prompted the mob to attack us,\" the DSO said. The ordeal for the DSO and his team lasted for almost over an hour. Members of the mob first dragged the DSO's driver out of the vehicle and assaulted him severely with sticks and iron rods. When the guards tried to stop the mob, he too fell prey to the mob frenzy. By the time the three got back into the jeep while the DSO and his subordinates tried to talk out of the situation, a group of people poured gallons of kerosene on the government jeep. When the DSO and his subordinates tried to step out of the vehicle, they were forced back into it and doused in kerosene.\"They made two attempts to torch the vehicle. The lighted match stick which somehow went off before it could land on the jeep that was virtually soaked in kerosene by then. It was here that we decided to drive through the mob as it was the only option available if we wanted to save our life. The driver put up a brave front and somehow managed to break the human chain that the mafia had put around the vehicle,\" Neeraj Kumar said. The DSO and his team sped from the scene at breakneck speed and stopped only once the jeep entered the Gareeb Nagar police station premises.Visibly shaken by the sequence of events, it took the DSO and his team almost an hour to gather themselves and narrate the entire incident to the police officer present there. In the FIR lodged in connection with the incident, block pramukh Subhash Chandra Gupta, store owners Girish and Satish Chandra Gupta have been named as accused along with two others. An unidentified mob equipped with firearms, laathis, rods and knives have also been named as accused in the case. Police were yet to make any arrests in connection with the incident till late on Thursday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16873704", "title": "At $32,520 each, human eggs on sale in China", "text": "BEIJING: Health authorities in southern Chinese city of Shenzhen have exposed a scandal involving illegal collection and sale of human eggs taken from young girls. Each transfer of human egg fetched $32,520.Unlicensed doctors collected the eggs and fertilized them before transplanting them into women with fertility problems. Theit husbands were encouraged to give their sperm to fertilize them.The collection center has now been closed down. Health authorities said egg donors had to go through surgery to stimulate their ovulation and enable doctors to collect eggs. \"This is a dangerous procedure that can endanger the health of the girls,'' said an official.Collection and sale of female eggs is illegal in China.The collection center was housed in an abandoned nursing home, which had been divided into several sections to provide different facilities, according to Southern Metropolis Daily.Young women selling their eggs earned 10% to 25% of the amount paid by the buyers of the eggs.Egg-seeking customers specified the kind of donors they preferred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16873017", "title": "Department going soft on criminal cops?", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: It seems like the police department is reluctant to take action against police officers involved in crimes. The alleged inaction of the department against four policemen, who were suspected to be involved in various crimes of grave nature in the district recently, points towards the department's compromising stance.While two remain 'unreachable' for the police, two surrendered before the court and procured bail after evading police for about two months.It has been over a week since the Malayinkeezh police registered a case against siblings and civil police officers Suresh Kumar and Rajesh Kumar in connection with a police station attack case. Their men had allegedly hurled crude bombs at the station after police confiscated two of their trucks that were transporting illegally mined sand.The police officers in charge of the investigation maintained that they could not arrest the suspects as they were absconding. But the truth is that the duo is well within the reach of the Kattakkada police.\"They have been absconding ever since the police registered the case on October 10,\" said Kattakkada circle inspector C Sreekumar.Interestingly, the duo was spotted by the residents of Thrikkannapuram under Nemom police station. The Nemom police are also on the lookout for the officers in connection with another criminal case related to intimidation of their neighbours at Thrikkannapuram.\"On Wednesday, they were here to hold a meeting with the action council formed by the residents, who are affected by their sand mining activities in the area,\" said Sajeev Kumar, a resident of Thevar Pazhinji Lane at Thrikkannapuram.Two other policemen who tricked the investigators was Jalaal and Joy, attached to the district armed reserve, who were wanted in a murder case. They had allegedly murdered a 44-year-old man, Vijayan, by pushing him into a water-filled pit. The murder took place in the property owned by the cops near Neyyar river at Pozhiyoor. The duo was allegedly engaged in rampant sand mining activities.Though a probe was launched, the investigation team under Parassala circle inspector T Anilkumar could not trace the accused.The latest news is that the duo surrendered before the Neyyatinkara magistrate court from where they were sent to judicial custody. But, after remaining in judicial custody for about three days, the duo managed to procure a bail from the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871175", "title": "Probe if Samajwadi Party behind false rape charges against Rahul Gandhi: SC to CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday threw out two petitions for leveling \"frivolous\" and possibly politically-motivated rape and kidnapping charges against Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi and asked the CBI to investigate one petitioner's claim that he had moved the court at the behest of the top leadership of Samajwadi Party.The court regretted that false, frivolous and motivated charges not only led to abuse of judicial process but inflict damage to Gandhi's reputation. It said: \"The reputation of Rahul Gandhi has also been damaged, factually and in law. Both these petitions are based on falsehood. The reputation of Rahul Gandhi is damaged and his public image diminished due to the undesirable acts of the two petitioners - Kishore Samrite and Gajendra Pal Singh.\"Samrite and Singh had in their petitions before the Allahabad High Court accused Gandhi of rape and kidnapping. The HC had on March 7, 2011, dismissed Samrite's petition and imposed a fine of Rs 50 lakh, of which Rs 20 lakh was to be given to Gandhi for damage to reputation, Rs 25 lakh for the girl and her family and Rs 5 lakh reward to UP police chief for promptly tracing the 'victims', who said they had never been assaulted or kidnapped. The SC had stayed the HC order last year.On Thursday, a bench of Justices B S Chauhan and Swatanter Kumar dismissed the petitions by Samrite and Singh saying they \"have approached the court with falsehood, unclean hands and have misled the courts by showing urgency and exigencies in relation to an incident of December 3, 2006, which, in fact, according to the three (the girl and her parents) and the police was false, have abused the process of court and misused judicial process.\"Justice Kumar, who authored the judgment, said, \"They (petitioners) maliciously and with ulterior motives encroached upon valuable time of the court and wasted public money.\"However, while imposing a fine of Rs 5 lakh each on the two petitioners, the court directed Rs 5 lakh to be given to the girl and her family and the other Rs 5 lakh to Rahul Gandhi because both suffered due to the frivolous litigation. The court said the UP police chief should not have got any reward for doing his duty.The order for a CBI probe into the \"political conspiracy\" angle of the case came amid indications that the agency was already probing how the allegation of rape was posted on a website hosted overseas, and could bother the Samajwadi Party top brass. The Supreme Court directed the agency to investigate Samrite's claim that he had moved the Allahabad High Court with charges against Gandhi on the suggestion of the SP top brass. The SC asked CBI to complete investigations in six months.Samajwadi Party 's challenge to CBI's investigation into the alleged disproportionate assets of Mulayam Singh Yadav and his kin are already pending.e During the hearing of Samrite's appeal against the HC judgment, his counsel Kamini Jaiswal had, on being inquired by the bench of Justices Chauhan and Kumar, had informed that he was told by SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav and UP chief minister Akhilesh Singh Yadav.Relying on the investigations carried out by the UP police and the CBI on the antecedents of Samrite and Singh, the bench said in its 62-page judgment that the petitioners were total strangers to the girl and her family and had no justification for filing the petitions in the HC.\"It is a matter of regret that the process of the court has been abused by unscrupulous litigants just to attain publicity and adversely affect the reputation of another politician, Rahul Gandhi,\" said Justice Kumar.\"One of the obvious reasons which can reasonably be inferred from the peculiar facts and circumstances of the case is the political rivalry. According to Rahul Gandhi's counsel, it is a case of political mudslinging. He has rightly contended that not even an iota of evidence has been placed on record before the High Court or in the appeal before this court, which could even show the remote possibility of happening of the alleged rape incident on December 3, 2006,\" the court said and opined that \"political rivalry can lead to such ill-founded litigation\".Discussing the fine distinction between character and reputation, Justice Kumar said, \"Samrite and to a great extent Singh have made an attempt to hurt the reputation and image of Rahul Gandhi by stating incorrect facts, that too, by abusing the process of court.\"dhananjay.mahapatra@tiemsgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871813", "title": "Govt earmarks Rs 4,000 crore for encephalitis", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on on Thursday cleared a Rs 4,000 crore multi-pronged plan for prevention and control of Japanese Encephalitis (JE) and Acute Encephalitis Syndrome (AES), which have claimed nearly 1,000 lives so far in 2012.The Union Cabinet cleared the proposal of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare for implementation of the activities recommended by a ministerial panel for prevention and control of the disease. Initially, the plan will be rolled out in 60 priority districts.The plan will implemented in Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal, Tamil Nadu, Bihar and Assam within five years from 2012-13 to 2016-17, the government said in a statement.It said the progress of the multi-pronged strategy will be monitored by a task force set up by the health ministry and work on the plan will start soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16874765", "title": "Meningitis kills 20 in US; spreads to 16 States", "text": "WASHINGTON: At least 20 people have died and another 257 have been infected by the outbreak of deadly meningitis, linked to a contaminated drug, a federal health agency has said.The disease has now spread to 16 States, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said, adding that it and Food and Drug Administration are currently coordinating a multistate investigation of fungal infection among patients who received a steroid injection with a potentially contaminated product.\"Given that fungal infections of this kind have never been seen before, the doctors caring for these patients are going to need guidance,\" said John Jernigan, Clinical Team Lead of the Multistate Meningitis Outbreak and Director of the Office of Health Associated Infections Prevention Research and Evaluation, Division of Healthcare Quality Promotion, US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.As such, he said, the CDC has convened the nation's top clinical fungal experts to work with it in developing diagnostic and treatment guidance for physicians caring for these patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16872406", "title": "Trinamool MP seeks funds for river basin projects", "text": "ITANAGAR: Trinamool Congress (TMC) legislator Laeta Umbrey has accused the state government of not taking any initiative to get the funds that was assured by the Centre to the state. The Centre had assured funds to the state after Asian Development Bank (ADB) denied loans to the state for an Integrated Flood and River Erosion Management Project (IFREMP) on Brahmaputra river basin following Chinese objection.The ADB had finalized six IFREM projects under Dikrong, Siyom, Sigen, Siang, Deopani and Noa-Dehing basins after carrying out proper ground work with foreign expertise, Umbrey said in a representation to chief minister Nabam Tuki on Tuesday. He added that \"any dilution of this finding of ADB would cost the state dearly\".After China opposed the projects in March 2009, a war of words took place between India and China and it became a matter of prestige for India to get these projects funded and implemented, Umbrey said.\"As a result, the Centre assured to fund these projects on a number of occasions. During the March 2010 budget session, the then chief minister Dorjee Khandu also informed the assembly about the assurances of the Centre. But perhaps there has been serious lack on the part of the state government to take up the issue with the Centre,\" Umbrey said.He added while it is true that many small river basins are vulnerable to floods and need the government's attention, these problems existed even before the ADB experts' assessment. The projects for these small river basins should be taken up under the flood management programme, Umbrey said.\"Recurring flooding and river erosion affects large segments of the population, degrades the limited productive land and environment and acts as a disincentive for long-term investment in the state. As a result, economic growth is slowing and poverty is increasing,\" Umbrey, quoting a report by a senior water resources management specialist in ADB's south Asia department, said in his letter.Umbrey, meanwhile, appealed to the chief minister to take up the matter in right earnest with the Centre and submit the revised estimates, including for Deopani river basin for protection of Roing Township.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16870834", "title": "Protests stall excavation at UCIL's Bagjata &amp; Mahuldih mines", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Excavation work at two important mines of the state-owned Uranium Corporation of India Ltd (UCIL) has been stalled following protests by local residents, whose demands include permanent jobs in the company as compensation against land acquisition.Work at Bagjata and Jadugoda mines, situated about 50km from here in the Ghatshila sub-division in Mahuldih, located 3km next of the Turamdih mines in adjoining Seraikela-Kharsawan district are under suspension for nearly a week.\"The protesters (in Bagjata) are demanding that 150 be employed on permanent roll in the company in the next one year which is not feasible as we have fulfilled all compensatory obligations in accordance with the existing R&R; (rehabilitation and resettlement) policy of the company,\" said UCIL executive director Pinaki Roy.In Mahuldih, stand-off between contract workers and authorities of the mining firm over wage revision has hit mining. \"We look forward to soon resolve the stand-off at both the mines as the local administration is also co-operating with us,\" said Roy. According to the authorities, frequent agitations are impairing progress of work at UCIL.\"Not one or two but several groups claim to represent the displaced people and frequently prevent the agencies from carrying out mining work,\" said an UCIL official.The protesters, however, said UCIL has partly distributed the compensation package. \"Over 150 displaced families in Bagjata are yet to be compensated but the company is running away from even recognizing them as the oustees,\" said one of the protesters.Operations at Jadugoda mine, the premier uranium enterprise's seventh underground mine that has 500 tonne per day capacity, was commissioned few months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16872358", "title": "Govt transfers junior scale officers", "text": "PANAJI: The government on Thursday transferred the following junior scale officers of the Goa civil services with immediate effect.Ashok Rane, assistant commissioner of commercial taxes, has been posted as assistant commissioner of excise II, Francisco X L Ferrao, who was awaiting posting has been posted as deputy director (administration) Institute of Psychiatry and Human Behaviour, Maya Pednekar, deputy director (administration) PWD, has been posted as administrator of comunidade (central zone) thereby relieving Vassudev Shetye of the additional charge, with additional charge of special land acquisition officer, national games.Rajendra Mirajkar, special land acquisition officer, national games, has been posted as special officer, Cumeri Cultivation (North), Ajit Panchwadkar, under-secretary cum registrar, Goa state information commission, has been posted as deputy collector (LA), South, Margao thereby relieving Sagun Velip of the additional charge. K D Halarnkar, superintendent outside secretariat in the department of panchayats, Panaji, has been posted as chief officer, Pernem municipal council.Shyamsundar Parab, under-secretary to chief secretary, has been posted as assistant commissioner of commercial taxes and Madhura Naik, deputy director (administration) Institute of Psychiatry and Human Behaviour has been posted as deputy director (adminis-tration), PWD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16871249", "title": "Akbar attack case: Five surrender", "text": "HYDERABAD: The five accused in the Chandrayangutta MLA Akbaruddin Owaisi attack case surrendered on Thursday before the Nampally Criminal Court following the recent Supreme Court directions.The apex court had recently cancelled bail granted to Hasan Yafai, Abdullah Yafai, Awad Yafai, Esa Yafai and Saif Yafai, all named accused in the Akbaruddin case, by the lower court. Based on the apex court's directions, the five surrendered before the Nampally Criminal court and were sent to judicial remand till October 29.Earlier, the Supreme Court had cancelled the bail of prime accused Mohammed Pahelwan along with two others.The Central Crime Station (CCS) officials had declared 14 persons as accused, of which eight are in jail and five out on bail.Another accused Ibrahim Younus Yafai died in the attack in Barkas after he suffered a bullet injury.In connection with the incident, the Chandrayangutta police a few days ago registered a murder case against MIM floor leader Akbaruddin Owaisi, Malakpet MLA Ahmed Balala, gunman Jani Mia and party corporator Mansoor Awalgi and named accused in the murder of Ibrahim Younus Yafai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "16872303", "title": "HC stays conversion sanad to builder in Quepem", "text": "QUEPEM: A proposed commercial complex in agricultural land previously earmarked for the market complex in Quepem town has come under legal scrutiny as the high court of Bombay at Goa has granted stay on the conversion sanad issued by additional collector, south, to the private builders.In a recent order, the high court granted the stay in connection with a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by two social activists Ajay Pereira and architect Raju Sukhtankar of Quepemkarancho Avaz, who had alleged that the site of the commercial complex is ina paddy field/agricultural land and the lessees are the tenants of agricultural land.The sanad of conversion of the land had been issued by the additional collector, south, Prasanna Acharya on October 7, 2008. But the petitioners had sought for quashing of the sanad, stating that even if such land is left fallow, it cannot be converted or developed in view of the prohibition contained in Section 2 of the Goa Land Use (Regulation) Act, 1991. The land being agricultural land vesting in tenants cannot be converted or developed or built upon.After hearing the PIL, a division bench comprising Justice A P Lavande and Justice U V Bakre in its order stated that \" considering the facts and circumstances of the case and having perused the record, we deem it appropriate to stay the effect and operation of the sanad dated October 7, 2008, issued by the additional collector, south.\"The proposed market complex has become a subject of controversy after Quepem municipal council first passed a resolution dated March 26, 2003.The controversy of the Quepem market complex began way back in 2003 when the then chairperson Manuel Colaco moved the first resolution to acquire the 7,333 area of land under survey number 170 for the fish market which is in the close proximity to the current fish market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16872416", "title": "Foreign bands set to rock city on October19", "text": "GUWAHATI: Metal heads and headbangers in the city are in for a special treat with two international metal bands scheduled to rock Guwahati on October 19.The event, christened Fireball, will feature Dawn of Demise, a heavy metal band from Denmark, and Cypher 16 from London . The event, organised by Rocka Rolla, a city-based rock music promoting organization, will be held at Pragjyotish Cultural Centre in the city.The event has been organised in the memory of Jintu Gogoi, a captain of the Indian Army and a Kargil War martyr. Gogoi was bestowed the Veer Chakra posthumously. The theme of the event will be to encourage the youth to join the Indian Army. The event will also feature the MTV European Music Award nominee Alobo Naga and the Band besides Chronic Xorn and Midnight Garden Factor from the region.\"The purpose of the event is to promote rock and metal music in the city. This is a rare opportunity for metal heads in the city to let their hair down at a show. Not too many such shows are organized in the city and with this event we hope that more bands come and rock the city,\" said David Koach of Rocka Rolla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871383", "title": "BRT corridor issue: Nyay Bhoomi to appeal in apex court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nyay Bhoomi president B B Sharan expressed his disappointment with the Delhi high court verdict on his PIL against the BRT corridor. Sharan vowed to move the Supreme Court against the HC order which saw nothing wrong in the state government's decision to construct the corridor.\"With great respect I disagree with the HC judgment and feel it has ignored lots of points we made. The MPD 2021 specifies the road width required to build a BRT which this project fails to meet. Similarly optimum road space usage has been flouted by the corridor. We plan to highlight these points in our appeal,\" Sharan said. He was sad that the CRRI report was not taken seriously by the court even though HC itself commissioned a study.\"The CRRI report is indicative and was not meant to be exhaustive. Scientists travelled by one bus and measured how much time it takes to clear the corridor. Nyay Bhoomi hopes the SC will be more receptive to some of the findings of the report,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16872669", "title": "Horticulture directorate goes paperless", "text": "CHENNAI: Corridors littered with papers and bundles of files are a thing of the past in this state government department. The state horticulture department in the city has gone paperless since Monday, ensuring not just cleaner surroundings, but a speedier clearance of files and transparency in administration.All the 150 staff at the directorate of horticulture and plantation crops are now trained to use individual computer systems while coordinating routine operations with district offices via the internet and a high-speed video-conference system. This virtual connectivity helps cut down travel expenses of officers.Director of horticulture Santhosh Babu said the department would save about 2 lakh per month on travel, thanks to the video-conferencing facility. \"Technology improves efficiency and services. We make budgetary allocations online to district offices and receive complaints online,\" he said.Babu, who earlier served as the IT secretary and Elcot ( Electronic Corporation of Tamil Nadu) director, was instrumental in making Tamil Nadu Corporation for Development of Women paperless in 2001. The tech-savvy officer also has to his credit projects such as 'Back to school', a web-based system that tracks and monitors school dropouts in Krishnagiri where he was the collector in 2007.Tamil Nadu has been taking some tech-enabled steps to make administration smoother. Chief minister J Jayalalithaa , had launched 14 e-governance projects for the horticulture department last Monday. These included an 'm-governance' service launched that allows officials to monitor the status of micro irrigation systems anywhere in the state using a mobile-based geo-fencing system. Tamil Nadu has about 50,000 micro irrigation systems. \"Geo-fencing takes pictures of the micro irrigation units with a mobile phone with GPS capabilities. This ensures that nobody can tamper with details of the location of an irrigation unit,\" said Babu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16875367", "title": "Adani Group not to bid for IPL franchise", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It's been two years that Adani Group first bid for an Indian Premier League franchise speculations were rife that they would enter the fray once again.And then came the termination of Deccan Chargers which threw the door open once again for another franchise to have a taste of IPL. And if the buzz is to be believed, the powerful group headed by Gautam Adani is once again mulling the option of bringing the premier league to the city. Though the last date for submission of tenders is October 25, it is learnt that in all 12 cities, including Ahmedabad, are in the fray.Cuttack, Dharamshala, Indore, Hyderabad, Kanpur, Kochi, Nagpur, Noida, Rajkot, Ranchi and Vishakhapatnam are the other cities.While the presence of Ahmedabad as one of the cities, heightened the speculations, Adani Group, showed no enthusiasm. \"These are all rumours. We are not interested in bidding for an IPL franchise,\" Adani Group spokesman Devendra Amin said.But that was not a dampener for the people associated with the game.\"We have no idea of any such move though we know we are one of the cities,\" Gujarat Cricket Association secretary Rajesh Patel said.\"However, we are ready to offer any help if the city gets the right. We believe it will benefit the game in the state,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16873119", "title": "Panel to look into abattoir options for Eid sacrifice", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Thursday directed the state government to constitute a committee to resolve the issue of sacrificing animals for Bakri Eid.The committee of experts will be chaired by former police chief Julio Ribeiro and shall explore diverse options after taking all the parties concerned into confidence. A division bench of Justice Dhananjay Chandrachud and Justice Amjad Sayed heard a petition seeking direction to the BMC to establish temporary slaughterhouses in Muslim-dominated areas for the festival from October 27 to 29, 2012, and every year henceforth as there is heavy rush for slaughter at the only abattoir in Deonar.Advocate general Darius Khambata submitted a joint statement by the state government and BMC, saying it is not possible to issue licences for temporary abattoirs. The petitioners' advocate, R A Shaikh, said there is a provision in the Bombay Municipal Corporation Act for setting up more than one abattoir as per the requirement of the population. He said it is also provided for in the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Slaughter House) Rules issued by the central government. \"If a provision is made, there will be no sacrifice on roads,'' said Shaikh.The judges said authorities must apply their mind. \"If you don't do something realistic, you will not obviate illegal slaughter. You can't post cops all over the city,'' said Justice Chandrachud.Khambata said after Eid, an exercise has to be carried out to identify locations where slaughter can be allowed within a covered area.Justice Chandrachud said, \"Your process is antiquated. A family from Mohammad Ali Road is supposed to go with the animal all the way to Deonar in a taxi for slaughter. How many Muslims can afford it?\"Khambata said the panel will be formed \"within a week or two\". The next hearing is slated for Jan 21, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16872738", "title": "Life sentence to three for murder", "text": "KANPUR: Additional district and session judge VIth of Kanpur City Amarjeet Tripathi on Thursday convicted three persons for committing murder and destroying evidence and sentenced them to life imprisonment with a fine of Rs 15,000 on each. The persons sentenced were identified as Uma Shankar, Ram Babu and Ram Adhar, all residents of Jarari village under Chaubeypur police station.According to prosecution, the three persons had brought with them from the a village a person named Jagdish under the pretext of providing him job in a factory on July 24, 2007. But Jagdish went missing and was never seen again.Jagdish's wife Meena claimed in her report that Uma Shankar, Ram Babu and Ramadhar had returned the next morning but her husband was missing and they even did not reply properly when she asked them about her husband. Three days later she got the news of an unidentified body found at Bithoor. She identified the body as her husband's. During the trial she accused in court that Jagdish was driver of Ram Babu's tractor and had developed illicit relationship with the latter's wife and all the village had come to know about it. tnnNon-bailable warrantNon-compliance of court order led to station officer Ram Niwas being served non bailable warrant on Thursday after additional district and session judge issued a notice under section 350 against him.The presiding judge observed in his order that station officer was prosecution witness in an attempt to murder case, State v/s Rakesh Thapa of Chamandgaj police station. The court had issued several summons to him to adduce his evidence before the court but he was not appearing in the court. The court took strong view when it come to know that on the date fixed, station officer once again did not appear in the court. The judge asked senior cops to serve non-bailable warrant and ensure his presence on next date fixed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16871393", "title": "Enforcement Directorate attaches Rs 822 crore Mahindra Satyam fixed deposits", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a significant order under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA), the Enforcement Directorate (ED) on Thursday identified Rs 822 crore lying with Mahindra Satyam (formerly Satyam Computer Services), as 'proceeds of crime' committed by Ramalinga Raju and associates. The money was attached by the agency under this award which comes as a jolt to Mahindra Satyam.These funds, kept by Mahindra Satyam (MSat) in the form of fixed deposits (FDs) with Andhra Bank (Rs 234 crore), ING Vysya Bank (Rs 188 crore), IDBI Bank (Rs 166 crore) as well as Bank of Baroda (Rs 234 crore), stood attached from Thursday morning after ED authorities served the attachment orders to these banks and the company.N Sridhar, joint director of the Hyderabad zone of ED, told TOI that the current attachment is a provisional one and that they will now be filing a complaint before the adjudicating authority constituted under the PMLA for confirmation of the same. On confirmation, the money will be confiscated.When contacted, Mahindra Satyam chairman Vineet Nayyar refused to comment on the order saying they were yet to look at it. \"We will have to look at the order. We will have it examined legally. We need to see how Mahindra Satyam is liable for the actions of Raju. We are looking for a clarification to establish our linkage and that of our money with what Raju did. The Company is examining the implications of the ED order and will respond appropriately,\" Nayyar told TOI. The attachment of the Rs 822 crore FDs is a major setback for Mahindra Satyam as it makes a major dent in the cash reserves of over Rs 3,000 crore of the company as of June 30, 2012. However, the company assured its stakeholders that the development will in no way hinder or impair the ability of MSat to carry on its day to day operations.The latest ED attachment also throws some legal light on the subject, making it clear that the current possessor of the proceeds of crime need not be the prime accused in the criminal case pertaining to the scheduled offence. The prime accused in the case, disgraced Satyam founder chairman B Ramalinga Raju, is currently facing trial in the CBI case that has charged him with falsification of accounts, criminal conspiracy, inflation of company's accounts and offloading of his shares at an opportune time to make good of the inflated and artificial environment he created as part of the Satyam scam. The Satyam case being probed by the CBI is currently in the final stages of hearing in the trial court and Ramalinga Raju is out on bail.Explaining the modus operandi of the Satyam scam, ED authorities said the Satyam shares held by the Raju family - B Ramalinga Raju, his wife Nandini Raju, Rama Raju (brother of Ramalinga Raju) and his wife Radha Raju, were first transferred to their family company M/s SRSR Holdings Pvt Ltd.Since the Satyam shares had an inflated value of around Rs 700 per share between 2006 and 2008 thanks to Raju's falsification of accounts that projected a rosy financial picture of the company, the family company in turn pledged these shares with several non-banking financial companies like DSP Merrill Lynch , Deutsche Bank , IFCI, Sicom, Birla Sunlife, IL&FS;, ICICI Prudential and GE Capital to procure loans to the tune of Rs 2171 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16870636", "title": "Mecca over Marx: CPM leader Rezzak Mollah goes on Haj", "text": "KOLKATA: A West Bengal CPM stalwart is on a pilgrimage to Mecca. Days ahead of embarking on Haj, Abdur Rezzak Mollah, credited for sounding an early warning on the Left Front's disastrous land acquisition policy, insisted his faith in Karl Marx figured way below his absolute devotion to Allah and Prophet Mohammed.Mollah was land and land reforms minister in the Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee government. Even as minister, he never minced words against the CM's line on Nandigram and Singur that ultimately caused the Left's spectacular electoral crash. The Canning East MLA had distanced himself from the policy, saying he wasn't kept in the loop.Among the few CPM leaders who held their seats in the face of the crushing Mamata typhoon, Mollah was appointed party whip. A vocal critic of Bhattacharjee and then industries minister Nirupam Sen , he had claimed the rich and the powerful controlled the party that had drifted far from its ideological moorings.A veteran in a party that swears by the credo religion is the opium of the masses, Mollah said he wasn't entirely disillusioned, but was convinced that a world free of exploitation was utopia. He was bitter and criticized the CPM saying: \"Our party has no leaders. It only has managers.\" Party general secretary Prakash Karat was one such.Years ago, another party senior, Late Benoy Chowdhury, had fetched up at Tirupati with his newlywed. The couple had apparently been seen near the shrine. A furious party had sought an explanation. But those were days when iron-clad dogma ruled CPM.But Mollah said he has no qualms about going on Haj. There was no contradiction between ideology and his desire and he didn't feel a sense of guilt. \"Now, it's normal for a Communist to be a believer in his personal life. That's the reality. We live in a parliamentary democracy. There's no way you can deny the importance of identity politics. There are many hypocrites in this party - Communists who get their children's wedding registered, but hold traditional religious ceremonies as well.\"And how did the party respond to his pilgrimage wish? State secretary Biman Bose made his disapproval clear. But Mollah said he told his party boss: \"If you insist, I'll not go. But everyone knows I'm going. If I drop out, people will ask questions. I'll tell them I abided by your instructions.\" Bose understood the implications and asked Mollah to submit an application to the party secretariat, which was approved. The request letter didn't mention the word Haj. It merely said Mollah wanted to go on a trip to Mecca.As for his old grouse against Bhattacharjee and Sen, he was blunt as ever. They should have taken responsibility for the whitewash and bowed out. Or else, the party should have given them the sack. Neither of this has happened. \"I'm no party leader. I'm an ordinary cadre. The party has relieved me of leadership responsibilities. I'm happy and healthy.\"He rated Mamata Banerjee higher than Bhattacharjee as CM. But that was not because of his extreme personal dislike of his party colleague. \"Mamata knows how to take decisions and, more importantly, to stick to them, no matter what the pressures are. She does what she thinks is best. That's how a leader ought to be.\" Bhattacharjee, Mollah said, vacillated. He took a step forward and two back. Arrogance got him. He lost touch with the common man, never had an ear to the ground. Even partymen hesitated to go close to him.But in Mecca, Mollah said, he'd pray for Bhattacharjee, Sen and the party. He insisted he never forgot his Muslim identity. \"It's my duty to be devoted to the faith I was born into and I make it a point not to skip the Eid namaz. My faith in the almighty was always hundred per cent. That's the way it shall be. I got married the traditional way. It was a nikah.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16873198", "title": "Cop who irked House goes missing, suspended", "text": "JAIPUR: Circle Inspector Ratna Gupta, who could not be produced in the assembly on Thursday, was suspended after she was found absenting from work.The tug-of-war between the judiciary and legislature got murkier as the legislators were upset with Ratna Gupta not taking the warrant issued by an assembly committee and Ratna Gupta's family announcing that they would challenge her suspension in the high court.The suspension order came on Thursday afternoon after a police team found that Ratna had not reported for work since October 15 and when it reached her residence on Thursday morning, she was not there too. The order came after the legislators had accused the department of shielding her.The team had gone to her Civil Lines residence following a warrant issued by the assembly's committee on privileges, a day earlier after the woman cop failed to respond to four summon notices issued by the committee earlier.\"Ratna Gupta has not reported to work since October 15 and the team which went to her residence on Thursday morning, found her to be missing there too. She stands suspended with immediate effect until further action is taken in the case,'' DGP H C Meena informed TOI.Meena said the circle inspector, as per the directives of the assembly, had already been issued a 17 CC notice earlier and was to be produced before the committee on Thursday.Gupta's family was quick to react on the suspension. \"We will challenge the suspension as soon as possible,'' her sister Usha Gupta, who is also an advocate, said. Her family has claimed that she will not respond to the legislative assembly's warrant and if needed be, they would challenge the notices in the Supreme Court. \"The case is already pending in high court and if need be, we will go to the Supreme Court. We have equal regard for the high court and the assembly, however, when the judiciary has already taken a cognizance , the question of being produced in front of the assembly's committee does not arise,'' her father G C Gupta, said.Chairperson of the committee on privileges, Surendra Singh Jadawat, said Gupta was to be produced on Thursday and that was her last chance for a hearing. \"A report regarding the summon and the warrant and Gupta not reporting would be tabled in the House during the next assembly session,'' he said. BJP legislator Vasudev Devnani, a member of the committee, had alleged that several police officials sympathized with Gupta and that the department was trying to shield her.Assistant commissioner of police Ashok Nagar, Sumit Gupta, informed the committee on privileges that Gupta had not reported to work since October 15 and that they were unable to produce her in front of the committee as directed. Meena later sent over a report to the committee informing about Gupta's suspension. Gupta was accused of non-cooperation with the members of the women and children welfare committee of the assembly when they were on a surprise visit to a women's police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16873104", "title": "Craftsmen busy crafting dashanan", "text": "BHOPAL: With Dussehra round the corner, it's time for brisk business for Ravana makers of Baanskhedi in Bhopal. They make between 6 and 20 feet tall effigies of Ravana for celebrations costing starting Rs 600 upto Rs 1200.As one drives down towards Shahpura from Habibganj police station road, one would find the skeletons of bamboos at Banskhedi as the effigies of different sizes of the demon king are being made.\"I have 6 feet to 20 feet high effigies\", says Sudama , a 60-year-old man who is nowadays working more than 14 hours to complete his orders. The rest of the year he makes bamboo baskets and other bamboo products used at civil construction sites.Most of the business happens in the last three days before Dusshera.Children from different localities of the city come and take the effigies around 10 feet tall, says Munna lal , another craftsman from Banskhedi.Parvati, wife of the craftsman, who also helps her husband, says this time the price of Ravana effigies varies between Rs 600 and 1500.The structure is made of bamboo and is stuffed with wastepaper.\"Asli Ravan bhi to jada ho gaye hai, hamare Ravan to nakali hote hai per kuch Diwali ke liye kama lete hai\", she said smilingly with a blink in her eyes.In Bhopal 5 places are famous where big effigies of Ravan, his brother Kumbhakaran and his son Meghnad are burnt to mark Dussehra celebrations.Dussehra will be celebrated on October 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16873500", "title": "Haryana: Lowering of marriageable age, rapes not on agenda of khap meeting today", "text": "Deepender DeswalROHTAK: Haryana Sarv Khap Mahapanchayat, which is meeting in Jind on Friday, has decided to drop issues of rape incidents and lowering of marriageable age of girls from its agenda. The khap leaders, however, stated that they would soon call an all-caste Sarv Jatia Khap Mahapanchayat to discuss these need consensus from a larger section of society.The khap leaders were isolated after the sole political leader backing them, former chief minister Om Prakash Chautala , withdrew his support to panchayat. Social activists maintained that though they had come up with the idea as a solution to the spate of rapes in Haryana, it had backfired and led to eroding of credibility of khaps.However, a group of khap leaders are still hopeful of building a consensus on marriageable age and want to convene an all caste meeting to discuss the issue shortly. The mahapanchayat convener Kuldeep Dhanda clarified that the issues of rape and marriageable age would not be taken up in the meeting on Friday.\"We are meeting to prepare our strategy on agitation for reservation to jats in Central and state government jobs and education institutes. The sarv khap have taken up this issue and all four jat organizations have agreed to abide by its decision,\" said Dhanda.Sarv khap spokesperson Sube Singh, who had first raised the issue of lowering of marriageable age, too, confirmed its being dropping from the meeting agenda. \"The sarv khap is dominated by jats and the demand for quota is more important issue for us. Although we included other social issues in previous meeting but on Friday, we shall be drawing up our strategy to deal with the government after the expiry of December 15 deadline for inclusion of jats in OBC,\" he maintained.However, he added that he had discussed the issues of marriage age and rape with several khap pradhans, who had given their consent to hold a special meeting to discuss these issues to evolve a consensus.\"The khap leaders want involvement of sarv jatiya (all caste) people in the meeting. I hope that the meeting will take place soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16875524", "title": "Britney Spears 'overdosed' on amphetamines in 2008", "text": "Britney Spears' former manager, Sam Lufti, who is suing the singer for defamation, libel and breach of contract, has claimed that the singer used drugs on the night that she was restrained and hospitalized in 2008.According to TMZ.com , Lutfi's lawyer Joseph Schleimer told the jury in the opening statement of the case on Thursday that the star secured an amphetamine prescription on January 28, 2008. She then allegedly took six to eight pills early in the day, and several more later, the Sydney Morning Herald reported.That evening, Spears infamously found herself placed on involuntary psychiatric hold, known as a 5150.Lufti claims that he urged Spears to see a psychiatrist just two days before she was sectioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16870752", "title": "Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences doctors unhappy over non-payment of NPA", "text": "RANCHI: The doctors at Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) are an unhappy lot following the reluctance of the administration to fulfil many of their demands, including non-payment of non-practicing allowance (NPA), promotions due for several years, among others. The disgruntlement has compelled five doctors this year to resign while three others have applied for voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) and many others are already looking for better options.\"The doctors are in an agitated mood here as their demands have not been heard by the director and the state health department. The NPA has been stopped since June and nothing has been done till now for its payment. We started a signature campaign related to the demands last week which RIMS director Tulsi Mahto himself submitted to health minister Hemlal Murmu and principal secretary K Vidyasagar. As per norms the institute has been given the stature of AIIMS, Delhi, then why not the salary and perks the same which we all deserve,\" said assistant professor, department of anaesthology, Dr Praveen Tiwary.He added, \"It's only the director, senior resident and post-graduate students who are getting the pay and perks according to the AIIMS level. The rest here are given salary as per the state government rules. Apart from this there is discrimination in salary between the same post doctors hold in different departments. The Dynamic Assured Career promotion (ACP) benefits for doctors is also an issue but its only assurances which have been h given to us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16873105", "title": "Two more runaway girls rescued in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Two runaway girls were rescued from CST by the Railway Protection Force (RPF) early on Thursday in the second such instance this week. The girls, both aged 15 years, had come from Nashik and were wandering around the station when patrolling personnel spotted them. On Monday, the RPF had found two 10-year-old schoolgirls who had come to CST from Dharavi.The RPF has now proposed formation of a joint team along with the Government Railway Police (GRP) and ticket examiners which will operate only at night and keep an eye on passengers, particularly on kids.\"The night patrol team is an initiative to take up responsibility jointly. We have already written to the GRP as well as commercial department of the railways,\" said Alok Bohra, senior divisional security commissioner of RPF, Central Railway. \"From the RPF's side, three personnel will be deployed, including two female constables. We expect at least two GRP cops and a ticket examiner to be a part of the team. The teams will operate from 10pm to 7am between platforms 1 and 18 of CST.\"Criminal cases which fall under purview of the Indian Penal Code will be tackled by the GRP, while offences which fall under purview of the Railway Act will be tackled by the RPF and ticketless travel will be dealt with by the TTEs.Sources said the kidnapping of two kids from CST earlier this year had jolted security agencies to form the night patrol. On June 10, Sangeeta Pawar (3) was kidnapped from CST while she was asleep with her parents and siblings. After the media published CCTV footage of the incident, the accused was nabbed from Haridwar and Sangeeta rescued. Then on October 3, 10-month-old Sagar Mahat was kidnapped while he was asleep with his grandmother at CST. Sagar hasn't been traced yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16875577", "title": "City docs prescribe annual health tests", "text": "BANGALORE: Are annual health check-ups needed? The debate has been going on for long. The recently concluded Cochrane review of medical trials states that these checks don't necessarily save lives.Senior doctors in the city believe disease-related ones are necessary but do not endorse very advanced checkups. \"Preventive health check-ups do not cause harm, but very aggressive preventive check-ups (which include MRI, CT scan, advanced heart check-ups) are not necessary,\" says Dr H Sudarshan Ballal, senior nephrologist and medical director, Manipal Hospitals. He feels that a physician should be selective in suggesting screening tests. \"Tests to check blood sugar, blood pressure and cholesterol levels are very helpful in detecting heart and kidney troubles. If these levels are high, then a doctor can suggest to the patient to make some lifestyle changes and improve the quality of life,\" says Dr Ballal.Dr Rajashree G, consultant, internal medicine, Columbia Asia Hospital, backs the need for annual checkups to monitor the level of cholesterol, blood sugar and blood pressure. \"These three factors can determine hypertension, diabetes and obesity , which are the leading cause for various types of heart and kidney ailments. Annual health check-ups will keep in check a person's basic health status and can thereby prevent damage of crucial body organs,\" she says.\"Disease-directed checkups lead to early detection and hence timely treatment,\" says Dr Ramesh Bilimaga, senior radiation oncologist and medical director, HCG Hospital. Dr Bilimaga advises tests like pap smear, breast scanning etc to detect cancer early. \"Early detection may not alter the duration of one's life but will certainly help in improving quality of life,\" he says.COCHRANE REVIEW Published by Nordic Cochrane Centre at Copenhagen in Denmark, the study looked at data of over 2 lakh people. It concluded that be they overall deaths or those specifically from cancer or heart ailments, check-ups don't make much of a difference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16872959", "title": "Discount on gold coins", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On the occasion of Dussehra and Diwali, the department of Posts has announced a discount on the sale of Reliance gold coins at the rate of 7% through identified post offices of Allahabad region.The discount is effective from October 16 to December 12 this year. Director, postal services, Krishna Kumar Yadav said that these gold coins are available for sale at Allahabad head office, Kutchchery, Handia, Pratapgarh, Jaunpur, Ghazipur, Varanasi, Varanasi Cantonment head post offices (HPO) and HPO Bhadohi, Mirzapur, Shaktinagar and Obhra post office. These coins are 24 carrot (99.99%) gold and bear a logo of Department of Posts which is certified by Valcambi, Switzerland.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16871944", "title": "Congress demands CID probe into road work", "text": "DHARWAD: The district Congress unit on Thursday demanded a CID inquiry into the alleged irregularities in road development works taken up in Dharwad and Hubli under the Rs 100 crore special development grants sanctioned to HDMC.Congress corporator Deeepak Chinchore said here on Thursday that the road development works worth Rs 14 crore, executed by the PWD in the city, has proved to be of poor quality. Chinchore said his party had opposed assigning the work to PWD as it feared poor quality of work. \"Our apprehension has come true as the roads have returned to their original, bad shape\" Chinchore alleged.Giving the instance of the 2.7 kms road between Dasanakoppa Circle to Shivaji Circle here which was repaired at the cost of Rs 3.85 crore, he said moving on this road has become a nightmare and dust emanating from the road has made life for the residents in this area miserable. He ridiculed MLA Chandrakant Bellad for maintaining silence over people's woes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16872733", "title": "HC quashes selection of 243 radiographers", "text": "CHENNAI: The selection of 243 radiographers for government service was quashed by the Madras high court on Tuesday.Justice S Nagamuthu, pointing out serious glitches and irregularities in calling qualified candidates for the interview, set aside the call letters sent by the medical services recruitment board, as well as the selection of candidates.The judge directed the director of employment and training to segregate qualified candidates alone and forward a list in the ratio of 1:5 as on the date of notification to the board for a fresh selection process. The judge was passing orders on a petition jointly filed by 15 qualified candidates, who contended that employment seniority was not followed and that several unqualified candidates were called for interview.It all started on May 28, when the board issued job notification to recruit 243 radiographers. The director of employment sent a list of 997 candidates, and they alone were called for interview. During certificate verification, 108 candidates were found eligible in all respect and they alone were selected. All the remaining candidates were rejected as ineligible for the post. The petitioners, however, faulted the process saying several under-qualified persons were called for interview and that the names of some persons were repeated in the sponsored list. Noting that the process caused serious prejudiced to the petitioners, they said there was no level playing field for all participants.In its response, the government conceded that 380 of the sponsored candidates were not fully qualified. It said the director of employment could not segregate between those who studied in recognised government institutes and those from private institutions.Now, the director of employment shall segregate qualified candidates and the board shall conduct a fresh certificate verification and appoint eligible candidates based on merit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "shambu", "code": "16873353", "title": "2 property dealers held with Rs 44 lakh", "text": "SHAMBU: Shambu police have arrested two Haryana-based property dealers and seized alleged hawala amount of Rs 44 lakhs from their possession. Police have informed the income tax authorities and started investigations. SHO Manjit Singh and his team had set up a naka near Bapraur and intercepted a Fortuner with Haryana number. A search revealed two bags filled with Rs 44 lakhs of cash money. Krishan and Vijender, who were travelling in the vehicle, failed to give satisfactory answers and also failed to produce any document to explain the money in their possession. \"Both have said that they were going to Ludhiana for a property deal. But they could not produce any documents to prove that money has been brought legally,\" said Manjit Singh.PCCTU accuses Khalsa College mgmt of backtrack: Punjab and Chandigarh College Teachers Union (PCCTU) has blamed the Khalsa College management for backtracking on agreement to withdraw the cases filed against 22 teachers who took part in agitation against the committee's move to convert government-aided college in Amritsar into a private university. PCCTU general secretary Kuldip Singh said on Thursday that police had presented challans against 22 teachers in court without giving them proper notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "16871209", "title": "Diesel toy trains back in Darjeeling hills", "text": "DARJEELING: A day after the Darjeeling Himalayan Railway (DHR) contractor's association forced the closure of toy trains, DHR on Thursday ran the diesel engine train.On Wednesday, the DHR contractor's association had demanded closure of the the toy train ride demanding payment of their pending dues. The pending amount is pegged at Rs 1 crore that has not been paid for over four to five months.Tourists to the Hills were also left disappointed after the toy train rides got cancelled owing to the agitation.All the four long distance rides from Darjeeling to Kurseong have been suspended. These trains instead have been pressed into service for the shorter but more favorable joy ride from Darjeeling to Ghoom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16872657", "title": "Ex-corporator, engineer exchange blows in market", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bootnath market witnessed high voltage drama on Thursday noon when an ex-corporator and an engineer of Jal Sansthan, an arm of Lucknow Municipal Corporation, came to blows. The incident took place while the civic official was discharging his duties during the 'samadhan shivir' (redressal camp), an annual feature of Jal Sansthan to take stock of water supply related problems in an area. Several conflicts between civic employees and political members have taken place in the city and Thursday's incident points towards absence of strong will among civic quarters to safeguard their employees against unruly elements.Former corporator of Maithali Sharan Gupta ward in C-Block Indiranagar Dilip Srivastava (his mother is sitting corporator from the ward) had gone along with his supporters to register their protests against the poor condition of handpumps in Ghazipur village of Indiranagar. In charge of the area Satish Pandey, allegedly, instead of listening and resolving their complaints, threw casteist remarks at residents of the village. \"Pandey had been told several times to improve the water supply situation in the area but instead of resolving the issue, he has been misbehaving repeatedly with the people of my area,\" said Srivastava.Pandey, an assistant engineer whose retirement is due next year, claimed otherwise, \"I was physically assaulted on duty and have complained about Srivastava to my seniors and the police. Srivastava was asking me to replace the pumps with new ones while I told him we will bore the pumps all over again instead of replacing them.\"Eyewitnesses said supporters of Srivastava outnumbered the civic officials and got miffed at Pandey's behaviour. \"I felt that the issue could have been resolved if either party had tried to reason instead of proving a point,\" a local shopkeeper told.Both parties, meanwhile, have given their versions to the police. \"We have taken accounts of eyewitnesses at the spot and will press charges after investigation,\" said Manoj Misra, Ghazipur police station in charge.Earlier in the week, a civic engineer was pushed into muddy water by miffed residents near Butler Palace Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872459", "title": "Over 11,000 hop on toy train within 10 days of launch", "text": "MUMBAI: Within ten days of its launch, the Central Railway received an unprecedented response to its plan to run the toy train service in the monsoon on the 3-km stretch between Aman Lodge and Matheran, with more than 11,000 passengers travelling by the train.People travelled by their personal cars or taxis up to Dasturi naka, from where they took the toy train to reach Matheran. Earlier, passengers had to pay exorbitant amounts to coolies or to hire horses. The other option was to simply walk down to Matheran. However, now, they can reach the popular hill station in 12 minutes in a comfortable train ride.Every year, the toy train services remain suspended for four months between mid-June and mid-October during the monsoon for safety reason. However, this year, the CR launched special services on September 29.CR chief public relations officer V A Malegaonkar said, \"During the first ten days, 11,429 travelled by the train. We operated 177 services and on two days-October 2 and October 7, we had to double the number of services to cater to the huge rush.\"Passengers have to pay Rs 35 for a class-II ticket and they can enjoy the breathtaking scenic beauty en route to the hill station, he said.The toy train coaches, which were manufactured at the Kurduwadi workshop, have wide windows. The trains are ferried in a push-pull formation, with locomotives attached on both ends. The services witness a huge rush during vacations and festive seasons. The toy trains ply from Neral station to Matheran, covering a distance of 19.97 km.In the near future, the CR plans to introduce a luxury coach in the train. \"There are plans to carve out a compartment with luxurious interiors, comfortable sofas and privacy for family members,\" said a senior CR official. \"We will also serve piping hot food for Matheran-bound passengers,\" he added.There are 221 curves along the 106-year-old Matheran Light Rail (MLR) stretch. Due to the steep slope, it takes over two hours to cover the distance from Neral to Matheran and one hour and forty minutes on its return journey.The Central Railway got an unprecedented response from more than 11,000 passengers traveling by the toy train between Aman Lodge and Matheran in just ten days after the launch on September 29.These were passengers, who travelled by personal cars and taxis to Dasturi naka and then hopped on the toy train for a 3-km journey to Matheran. In the past, the same passengers had to pay exorbitant rates to coolies, for hiring horses or simply walk the 3 km distance. Now, they can reach the popular hill station in a comfortable train ride for 12 minutes.Moreover, the special service was launched during the CR's monsoon period-when toy trains usually dont operate. CR chief public relations officer V A Malegaonkar said, \"The actual tally of passengers travelling during the first ten days came to 11,429. We operated 177 services and on two days (October 2 and 7), we ran double the number of services to cater to a huge rush.\"For a Class II ticket, passengers paid just Rs 35 and enjoyed the breathtaking scenic sights on the way to the hill station, he said.The coaches manufactured at Kurduwadi workshop are fitted with wide viewing windows and the trains are ferried in a push-pull formation-with locomotives attached on both ends. The toy train at Matheran is in great demand during the vacations and festive seasons. It actually plies from Neral station to Matheran, covering a distance of 19.97 km.In near future, the CR also plans to introduce a luxury coach in the same train. \"There are plans to carve out a compartment with luxurious interiors, comfortable sofas and privacy for family members,'' said a senior CR official. \"We will also serve piping hot food for Matheran-bound passengers.\"The 106-year-old Matheran Light Rail has 221 curves along the stretch. Due to the steep slope, it takes over two hours to cover the distance from Neral to Matheran and one hour and forty minutes on its return journey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16871715", "title": "Adulterated cumin seeds seized from 3 Unjha factories", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The next time you spice your food with cumin (jeera) seeds, make sure they do not give out a peculiar odor or refuse to crackle when they are put in boiling oil. If this is the case, then it could be low quality fennel (variali) seeds coated with Rajasthan marble stone dust.The food and drugs department raided three factories indulging in this dangerous activity in the cumin capital of the state - Unjha. \"This adulteration was unique. The accused procured raw marble dust from Rajasthan, which is a waste product and then applied it as a thin layer to 'C' grade and smaller size fennel seeds using a binder. Artificial colour has been used to give this coated fennel a cumin like look,\" says food and drugs commissioner HG Koshia.The raiding officers found that the coated fennel seeds were mixed in the large cumin seed consignment. Besides, it also helped in manipulating the weight of the consignment. Three factories at Tundao in Unjha were caught in the act. The accused against whom cases have been registered are Dinesh Patel along with four others present at the factory, Haresh Patel and Dharmendra Patel.\" We had a tip off from Unjha about these dubious processers. We have registered a criminal case against these people who are likely to face arrests as soon as our lab reports are out,\" says Koshia. The accused have been charged under relevant sections of the Food Safety and Standards Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16872841", "title": "Rain lashes south Tamil Nadu", "text": "MADURAI: Rainfall in many southern districts of Tamil Nadu brought respite from the sweltering heat to the people, but badly maintained roads led to water logging and many roads in Madurai city wore a slushy look.The tourist destination of Kodaikanal has also been experiencing heavy showers in the last two days and 32 mm rainfall was recorded on Wednesday. The Kodai lake which was in danger of becoming dry, filled up and overflowed at some outlets after a gap of about two years. Tourists visiting the hill station during this off season were seen enjoying the afternoon showers. The area had received heavy rainfall during the night in the last two days.In Madurai, pilgrims who had come to visit the temple for the Dassera festival were affected by bad roads. The corporation should consider laying the outer roads leading to the temple also with blocks to help the pilgrims, as this was an important season, they said. Rainwater and overflowing underground sewage in many parts of Gomathipuram made it difficult for people to ply on the roads and people said they feared the spread of diseases in the region due to the unhygienic conditions. Many of the newly integrated areas in the corporation which do not have tar roads were filled with slush after just a single day of rain.In Virudhunagar district, many parts of Rajapalayam, Watrap and Srivilliputtur experienced moderate rainfall. The Pilavakkal and Kovilaru dams in the region saw a good inflow. Indications that the north-east monsoon was setting in came as a welcome relief to people, who said they were facing hardships due to the lack of rainfall in the region.Meanwhile, some parts of Tirunelveli experienced heavy showers with lightning on Thursday morning and three cows were charred to death in two different incidents. Alagumuthu, a villager of Eharanthai near Thisaiyanvillai had tethered two of his cows around the tamarind tree in front of his house. However, both animals were struck dead by lightening. In another incident, Seenithai, wife of Sudalaikan of Keeraikaran Thadakgai fainted when she saw their cow kept in the thatched hut in front of their house getting struck by lightning. Officials visited the house and made enquiries. There was heavy inflow in the Coutrallam falls in the district and tourists were warned against bathing there.Meanwhile, rainfall in the catchments of Periyar dam raised the hopes of farmers. Theni district recorded a total rainfall of 58.20 mm in the last 24 hours ending 8am on Thursday. Aranmanaipudur recorded the highest rainfall of 14.20 mm followed by Periyakulam with 10 mm. The water level in the Periyar dam stood at 120.30 feet with an inflow of 1608 cusecs and a discharge of 904 cuses. The discharge of 400 cusecs was raised by another 500 due to the good inflow. The water level in the Vaigai dam stood at 39.86 feet, with an inflow of 1836 cusecs and discharge of 937 cusecs.All the southern districts have intensified dengue awareness campaigns with the onset of the monsoon. In Tuticorin, students of NCC took out rallies to create awareness about rainwater harvesting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16872964", "title": "Army mela at polo grounds on Oct 20,21", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Red Eagle Division is organising a 'Know Your Army (KYA)' Mela at Polo Grounds high court here on October 20 and 21. The mela endeavors to showcase the rich heritage, customs, traditions and professional working of the Indian Army. This is also to reassure citizens of the might of the Indian Army.The aim of the mela is to spread awareness and project the image of the Army with a view to motivating youth to join the armed forces. It would provide information about various schemes of the Indian Army with respect to career opportunities for the youth of the state and welfare of ex-servicemen. An array of weapons, tanks, guns, radars and sophisticated communication equipment will be displayed to stimulate interest amongst one and all to include school children and the youth.The exhibition will present breath-taking feats by Army Equestrian team, Malkhamb Show, Pipe and Brass Band display by different units of Red Eagle Division, Para Motor Gliding, fly past and aviation display by helicopters and rides on tanks to name a few.The equipment display and stalls will remain open for the public from 10 am to 12 noon and 3 pm to 5 pm in the evening on October 20 and will continue on October 21 from 09.30 am to 1 pm.The mela is likely to be visited by school children and general public to satisfy their curiosity about the men in uniform, college-going youth for guidance regarding enrolment in the Army including Territorial Army as an officer, junior commissioned officer or soldier. Ex-servicemen (ESM) will also be reliving their past glory and interacting with their successors in uniform.The Employees Contributory Health Scheme stall and a medical camp as well as PCDA enclosure for resolution of pension issues is being setup for the benefit of ESM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16872947", "title": "Authorities shut down Government Law College men\u2019s hostel", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The uncertainty over the eviction of inmates from the Government Law College men's hostel reached a climax on Thursday with the college authorities closing the hostel completely. The closure has further aggravated the tension that had been prevailing on the campus over the move to convert the men's hostel into a women's hostel.The students' agitation had taken a new turn on Monday when the men's hostel inmates resorted to an indefinite hunger strike. Following this, the principal was forced to suspend classes indefinitely. However, the students called off the strike on Thursday after two of the students on hunger strike, Manu Sreekumar and Arun Shibu, collapsed due to fatigue and were hospitalized.The students have been on a warpath with the authorities since June after the inmates of the men's hostel were ordered to vacate within a week. The government wanted to convert it into a women's hostel. But the male students argue that the 41-year-old building was not safe enough to accommodate girl students as it is located in a notorious locality.The students maintained that they would vacate only after the authorities beef up security. The students had resorted to a series of agitations over the issue. The students allege a conspiracy behind the sudden move to convert the men's hostel into a women's hostel.\"There is no doubt that the female inmates are going to face many problems in the future,\" said a senior student, who leads the agitation. There are about three other women's hostels in the area, where the inmates face various kinds of disturbances from the nearby colony, despite having tall compound walls. The Law College hostel does not even have a compound wall. It would only help to mar the reputation of the institution, which may indirectly help other self-financing law colleges, the student leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16873463", "title": "Closure of Sidhwan Canal bridge draws residents\u2019 ire", "text": "LUDHIANA: Keeping in view the likely traffic snarls in the festive season, residents have requested the authorities not to close down a portion of the Sidhwan Canal bridge on the Ferozepur Road. The route leading to Ferozepur from the city was to be shut due to construction work, as part of the 26km-long four-laning Ludhiana-Doraha southern bypass project.Social activist of Sarabha Nagar Rohit Verma said: \"People commute a lot during festivities so the road should be kept open. Moreover, no labourers would be available during this time.\" Businessman Mohit Jain of Aggar Nagar shared the same opinion and said, \"This isn't the right time for traffic diversions. The administration must be cautious in its decisions so the people do not suffer. We will be meeting the police commissioner in this regard.\" However, Ludhiana police commissioner Ishwar Singh said, \"I haven't received any such request. Once I do, we will discuss the matter with PWD.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16873203", "title": "Visit puts health depertment on toes", "text": "JAIPUR: Ahead of the visit of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi to re-launch of the Aadhaar card scheme in Dudu scheduled for Saturday, the medical health and family welfare department has swung into action to ensure that there are no flaws in implementation of the state government's flagship programmes related to health in Dudu areas.The department officials are busy in Dudu to ensure that the medicines under the chief minister's free medicine scheme are available at all the drug distribution counters. A government official said the state's flagship programmes are effectively implemented in the area but the department wants to ensure that no complaint are received during the PM and Gandhi's visit.The department officials also distributed cheques of Janani Shishu Yojna which were pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "khar (pakistan)", "code": "16873699", "title": "Malala's attacker was held in 2009, then freed", "text": "KHAR (PAKISTAN): One of the two Taliban militants suspected of attacking a teenage girl activist was detained by the Pakistani military in 2009 but subsequently released, intelligence officials said on Thursday.Malala Yousufzai, 14, was shot and critically wounded on October 9 as she headed home from school in the northwest Swat Valley. The Taliban said they targeted Malala, a fierce advocate for girls' education, because she promoted \"Western thinking\" and was critical of the militant group.They identified the man who planned the attack only as Attaullah, and said he was one of the two gunmen who shot her. The military had detained him during the army's 2009 offensive in Swat because of suspected ties with the Pakistani Taliban , which had established effective control over the valley at the time, said two intelligence officials.Attaullah was released because of a lack of evidence linking him to specific attacks, said the officials. It's unclear how long he was held.Believed to be in his 30s, Attaullah is on the run and may have fled to Afghanistan , they said. He organized the attack on the orders of Maulana Fazlullah, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "16870721", "title": "Denied puja leave, miffed Jharkhand Armed Police jawan commits suicide", "text": "DHANBAD: A jawan of Jharkhand Armed Police (JAP), Babloo Kumar, posted in 3rd battalion at Govindpur near Dhanbad shot himself dead on Thursday morning in the JAP premises. He was upset because he was denied leave for the pujas.Babloo who hailed from Dhanrua in Patna district had applied for leave on October 12, according to the JAP 3 commandant, Ashok Kumar Roy. He said the application was not \"posted\" by his subordinates. Babloo had returned from 20 days leave on August 22.Babloo had told his colleagues that he needed to go to his village for puja, but the seniors were not sanctioning the leave application. He went to the magazine room of the JAP on Thursday morning and fired at his neck from an AK 47. He died on the spot.The commandant said the case was being investigated and if any officer is found responsible for causing mental agony to the jawan, he would be punished. Deputy SP Kamal Kishore Sharma has been asked to investigate the case.Babloo had joined police in 2000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16873259", "title": "Telcos face new spectrum burden", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a fresh blow to telecom companies, a ministerial panel on Thursday decided to retrospectively charge a one-time fee on mobile operators holding over 6.2 mega hertz spectrum. The levy applicable for four years, starting 2008, will fetch the government over Rs 10,000 crore. The fresh burden, which will impact 54 licence holders, will be based on the 2001 price of spectrum (Rs 1,650 crore) and will be indexed to inflation.From next year, companies will have to pay for spectrum over 4.4 mega hertz (GSM players) and over 2.5 Mhz (CDMA players) which will fetch the government another Rs 27,000 crore if last week's decision of the empowered group of ministers is endorsed by the Union Cabinet. Although attorney general GE Vahnavati had suggested that the EGoM should look at charging for spectrum beyond 6.2 Mhz only, a final decision will be taken by the Cabinet. The fee will be based on spectrum price determined in the auction and will be imposed from the time the Cabinet approves it.The ministerial panel headed by finance minister P Chidambram, however, deferred a decision on changing the frequency band for GSM operators, a move that is going to cost them Rs 55,000 crore in addition to over Rs 1 lakh crore. Telecom minister Kapil Sibal , who did not comment on the one-time fee, said the EGoM deferred a decision on the spectrum refarming issue as \"there wasn't enough time\". Under the plan approved by the Telecom Commission on Wednesday, GSM operators would have to switch to 1800 Mhz frequency from 900 Mhz at present.The telecom companies will have the option to bid for 900 MHz spectrum in the second half of 2013. Those who are not successful would then have to vacate the band within 18 months and move to 1800 Mhz within 18 month on paying the market price. The reserve price for bidding for 5 Mhz of spectrum in the 1800 Mhz band has been fixed at Rs 14,000 crore. Telecom companies say the move will further hit their finances and they will be left with no option but to raise tariffs. Call charges in India are currently amongst the lowest in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16872197", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation collects Rs 1.91cr octroi to beat 24-hr record", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has recorded the best ever octroi collection figure of Rs1.91 crore in 24 hours in its history. Five type of goods worth over Rs35 crore transported into the city limit within these 24 hours.NMC's octroi department said the revenue earned from octroi between 4pm on Monday and 4pm on Tuesday came as a surprise for them. The octroi collected from goods transported into the city limits stood at Rs1,91,21,643. NMC's daily revenue from octroi comes to around Rs1.30 crore. The figure of Rs1.91 crore was the best ever since the inception of the octroi system in 1966.Confirming the record revenue, assistant commissioner Milind Meshram told TOI that many trucks from Mumbai and New Delhi entered the city in these 24 hours. \"Rs16 lakh was recovered from vehicles carrying goods worth Rs8.23 crore. Cloth material worth Rs13.97 crore, electric/electronic materials worth Rs6.49 crore, petroleum products worth Rs5.34 crore and liquor worth Rs76 lakh were also transported into the city limits. The increase in revenue and goods was probably due to the three-day holiday before it, and the ensuing festival season. The department is now working hard to earn revenue of Rs2 crore per day as per the target given by municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16873082", "title": "Scared to approach cops? Drop complaint at a box outside railway station", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbaikars will not have to run from pillar to post or wait for hours in a police station to register a complaint. Home minister RR Patil on Thursday announced that a complaint box will be installed outside railway stations, bus stands, ATMs and other crowded places, where citizens can leave a note.\"Many citizens avoid going to police station to lodge complaints as they are not directly involved in an incident or crime. To help such citizens and increase street policing, the complaint boxes will be installed. But if serious information or complaint is received through the letters, then police should register FIR and take action accordingly,\" Patil said during the launch of the innovative method. \"The department has been instructed to immediately begin the process of installing these boxes. Nearly 1,000 boxes will be installed across the city,\" Patil added. The installation of complaint boxes is the brainchild of DCP (Special Branch-1) Sanjay Shintre.Patil said, \"Instead of making rounds of police stations, CP or home minister's office in Mantralaya to register a complaint, any individual can just walk to these compliant boxes and drop their complaint.\"\"The pilot project has been started in Mumbai. Later, similar boxes will be installed at police stations in other cities of Maharashtra,\" the home minister added.Asked whether the police will allow letters against their colleagues and department to proceed further, Patil said, \"Local police will have no say in these complaint boxes. Keys of these boxes will be with the special branch (SB) personnel. It is the SB personnel who will sort the received letters and forward them to the department concerned for further action.\"\"Once the complaint is forwarded, the official will have to write a letter to the complainant about the action taken by the department on the letter. In case of anonymous letters, the CP will have to inform the home minister's office about the action taken,\" Patil added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16873096", "title": "'COALASCENE' in IIFM from today", "text": "BHOPAL: Indian Institute of Forest Management (IIFM) will organise three annual conclaves 'COALASCENE' from October 19 on its campus.Talking to journalists here on Thursday, president, student affairs, IIFM, Shobit Mani said a corporate social responsibility (CSR) conclave will be organised on the first day.This year CSR conclave will discuss millennium development goals for India including eradication of poverty and hunger, achieving universal education, gender and women equality, health among others.Important speakers at the conclave would include vice president Indian commodities exchange limited, Kalyan S Bose and associate director- climate change and sustainability services, Yasir Ahmed.The theme on second day of the event is Enviro Conclave wherein various aspects of environment and its preservation will be discussed. The participants will also discuss issues on latest incidents like leopard coming to the IIFM campus.Daksh-12 will be organized on the concluding day. Daksh is a national entrepreneurship symposium conducted every year since 2009. The conclave aims to address the increasingly emergent issues of bridging the livelihood gaps through entrepreneurship opportunities.This year the theme of the conclave is 'Meeting ends: Bridging gaps' which revolve around the livelihood solution especially for the rural populace. The event will be organised in two parts - an entrepreneurship summit and Social B-plan competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16873236", "title": "Festivals, PM visit fallout: Cops not to get any leaves for one full month", "text": "JAIPUR: The upcoming festival season and the VVIP visits are set to give a tough time to the policemen in the district. The police headquarters has cancelled all the leaves of its personnel, right from the top to the bottom.At least 7,000 policemen under the Jaipur police commissionerate would not be able to avail their leaves from October 20 to November 24 and they have been asked not to leave the station without giving prior intimation to their seniors. The district SPs and the commissioner of police, BL Soni, have been asked by the senior authorities to manage their men in such a manner that no scarcity of manpower arises during the festival season and during the visit of the Prime Minister and Congress president.\"The next one month is going to be hectic. We are geared up for VVIP visits. We are also committed towards giving proper security to the residents of Jaipur till Diwali,\" said Soni on Thursday.However, at the Police Lines many constables were a bit disappointed.\"Why can't the government create more vacancies in the police? The manpower of Jaipur police is the same it used to be in 2000. I know it is a job constraint but I was planning to celebrate Diwali with family after four years,\" said Hansraj a constable.Even the senior officers will not be able to avail leaves including privilege leave (PL) and Casual Leave (CL), but in case of any medical emergency they can take medical leave.\"Apart from the regular manpower at least 1,000 extra policemen would be deployed from the airport to Raj Bhawan where the Prime Minister and Congress president are expected to stay for 2 hours,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16872432", "title": "Karim quits Salgaocar Football Club", "text": "PANAJI: When Mohun Bagan come calling, it's hard to say no.Salgaocar Football Club learnt this the hard way as their coach Karim Bencherifa tendered his resignation on Thursday and is now set to return to a club who had shown him the door just over two seasons ago.For Bencherifa, the departure from Mohun Bagan in 2010 was ugly. His relationship with journalists was unsavoury, he was hounded out by club officials and fans turned against him.This time around, when Bencherifa returns to Kolkata, the same officials will lay out a red carpet for him while fans will beat the drums at the airport.It is no secret that Bagan fans wanted Bencherifa and nobody else to succeed Santosh Kashyap -who resigned last week-leaving harried Bagan officials with no choice.\"I have handed my resignation and it was not an easy decision. Sometimes, football is like life and we must move on. I will remember Salgaocar as a professional club with a top quality chairman. Don't forget we made history here,\" said Bencherifa.Bencherifa won his first and only I-League title with Salgaocar in 2011.Though neither Bagan nor Bencherifa were willing to share details of what is expected to be a lucrative 19-month contract, insiders say it will make him the best-paid coach ever in Indian club football. The contract is said to be worth 2.37 crore.Bencherifa is contracted with Salgaocar till May, 2013 but both parties have an exit clause in the contract which gives them a way out with a one-month notice. Bencherifa has exercised this clause in his resignation letter.\"The coach is serving his notice period. He should be with us till November 17,\" club chairman Shivanand Salgaocar told TOI on Thursday.The club chairman is understood to have met Bencherifa twice in the last three days, but even he admits he had no inkling that his coach would turn his back on a club where he was loved and respected.\"This came as a sudden shock to us,\" said Salgaocar.\"The turmoil at Mohun Bagan is nothing new. They always have problems with their coaches but we never thought Bencherifa would resign in this manner. Life has to go on and we must start the hunt for a new coach,\" said the club chairman.Bencherifa addressed the players on Thursday morning and explained the reasons behind his departure. Some players and members of the coaching staff were said to be in tears but the Moroccan coach confirmed he would continue for a month.\"Technically, I am still the coach of Salgaocar and just like me, you must continue to give your best,\" he told the players, who responded by hammering Goa Velha 6-1 in a Goa Pro League clash later in the day.The coach, though, did not speak a word about Mohun Bagan.\"This is not the right time to speak about it,\" he said.For Bagan fans, the wait continues. For Salgaocar, a chapter ends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872359", "title": "Cop who received presidential pardon seeks reinstatement", "text": "MUMBAI: Twenty-two years after seven cops were booked for the custodial death of a youth, one of the officers who was convicted has moved the Bombay high court seeking reinstatement in service.Hearing a petition filed by former inspector Dilip Parmar, a division bench of Justices Abhay Oka and Sadhna Jadhav asked the state to file an affidavit in the case. Parmar claimed that though the Supreme Court had upheld the conviction, they had received a pardon from the President in 2010.Parmar and six other officers attached to the DN Nagar police station had been charged with the custodial death of a 26-year-old youth in 1990.A sessions court had held the officers guilty and sentenced them to three years in prison. After the officers were chargesheeted, their services were terminated. The high court and subsequently the apex court upheld the conviction for brutally torturing and beating up an \"innocent man\".The officers spent only a few months in jail and were let out on bail later. According to Parmar, despite receiving the presidential pardon, the state had not taken any action. Parmar has sought reinstatement and all consequential benefits to be given to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "karimnagar", "code": "16871316", "title": "Gadkari mum on IAC charges", "text": "KARIMNAGAR: A day after facing serious corruption charges, BJP president Nitin Gadkari refused to comment on IAC leader Arvind Kejriwal's allegations but exuded confidence that a BJP-led government would come to power at Centre in 2014 elections.Speaking at a programme with local weavers, coal miners, beedi workers, tribals, farmers, organised by Hyderabad-based Martyrs' Memorial Research Institute, he said a BJP-led government would be in place after the elections.Gadkari, who flew in a chopper from Hyderabad, rushed through his programme as he arrived very late for the meeting.Gadkari claimed that Gujarat CM Narendra Modi had made his state fertile by utilising the Narmada river water whereas 3,000 tmc of water of Godavari was being wasted in Congress-ruled AP. He sought to know why new irrigation projects were not being constructed to tap the waters.He also criticised the Congress for failing to prevent farmer suicides and slammed the Congress government in AP for failing to provide continuous power to the farmers.He said Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and her son Rahul Gandhi talk about poverty elimination but have not shown a way-out till now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16870718", "title": "Differences between Palamu top cops out in the open", "text": "DALTONGANJ: All's not well between Palamu SP A T Mathew and DIG, Palamu Pravin K Singh, if the content of a letter written by the SP to the latter is any indication.Sources said the SP Palamu recently shot off a three-page letter to the DIG, Palamu stating that police morale has taken a beating following the issuance of show cause notices, besides disciplinary action and suspensions of a couple of officers in-charge of various police stations by the DIG.According to SP's letter dated October 4, OCs of Town, Satbarwa, Parwa, Chainpur, Panki, Chhaterpur, Rehla, Hussainabad and Harihurganj police stations have been served show cause notices by the DIG who joined here in July 2012 .The letter states that police officers in the district are fear stricken which has had an adverse affect on their work. Owing to this an number of police officers are considering to go on long leave, the letter further says. Some officials have also expressed their willingness to return to the police line, the letter says. Severe punishment is being meted out to the police officials here by the DIG for minor mistakes, the SP's letter to DIG states.The letter cites two cases of suspension of the OCs of Daltonganj and Panki police stations by the DIG. While the suspension of Daltonganj OC Rajesh Mandal was revoked by IG, Palamu, the suspension of Panki OC J K Azad has only widened the chasm between the SP and DIG, sources said.When contacted, the DIG confirmed to have received the letter from the SP. Asked about its contents, he said: \"I have nothing more to add to what TOI is asking me in this context.\"On being prodded, the DIG said: \"The Daltonganj OC (Mandal) was suspended owing to a gruesome murder in the town despite the family of the deceased writing to the Daltonganj police about a lurking danger to his life.'' As for Azad, the DIG said his suspension was for his refusal to lodge an FIR against a Maoist.The DIG refrained from making any further comment on the SP's letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "16872281", "title": "2 Kaziranga rhinos die of old age", "text": "JORHAT: Kaziranga National Park has lost two more rhinos, although not to poachers this time. Park authorities, who found the carcasses of two adult rhinos in the Bagori forest range on Wednesday evening, said the cause of the deaths of both the rhinos was natural and they died of old age.\"Forest guards found two rhino carcasses in the Bagori forest range yesterday (Wednesday) evening when they were out patrolling. The rhinos died due to natural causes,\" said chief conservator of forest (Kaziranga) N K Vasu. \"Both the rhinos died due to old age and their horns were found intact,\" he said, adding it has been observed over the years that rhinos suffering from age-old ailments die after the floods ravage the park during the monsoon as they have to face a very tough time during the floods which leaves them physically weak. They have to frequently shift their sheltering spot due to floods and travel long distances in search of food, which is scarce during the monsoon.Meanwhile, the rhino that sustained bullet injuries and had its horn chopped off by poachers last Saturday is still battling for life near Sohola anti-poaching camp in the park. The animal is being observed by a three-member team of veterinarians from the Wildlife Trust of India (WTI).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16872020", "title": "New Mangalore Mumbai train service mooted", "text": "MANGALORE: Plans are afoot to start a new train service to Mumbai from Mangalore, said KH Muniyappa , Union minister of state for railways here on Thursday. He was speaking during the flagging off programme of bifurcated Yeshwantpur - Kannur \u2014 Yeshwantpur express to Karwar via Mangalore Central Railway station (MCRS). Railways has started 90 new train services in the state since 2009 till now and the train to Mumbai will meet the aspiration of people of this part of the state.Stating that the government is planning to make MCRS a world class railway station, he said, \"If railway department sends us a proposal to develop basic facilities like construction of platforms, sheds and others, we will consider the proposal to provide better service for passengers.\"Later Muniyappa presented a reward of Rs 1 lakh each to personnel of MCRS and Konkan Railway Corporation Limited.Konkan Railway Corporation Limited (KRCL) managing director BP Tayal said KRCL has surplus funds and the corporation will use Rs 3 crore to construct high level platforms and foot bridges and to provide basic amenities to passengers in 23 stations.KRCL will soon start passenger reservation system in Kundapur and Surathkal, he added. Requesting Muniyappa to help to get sufficient water supply to Karwar railway station, Tayal said \"There is a shortage of water in Karwar station to wash the train coaches and ensure cleanliness.\"Earlier former Union minister Oscar Fernandes said there is need for two direct train services from Bangalore to Mangalore and advised Muniyappa to start as many train services as possible from Mangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16873351", "title": "Kudumbasree agitation CPM\u2019s tactic: Kerala Congress", "text": "KANNUR: KPCC spokesperson and Janasree Mission chairman MM Hassan has alleged that the secretariat agitation by Kudumbasree workers was a face-saving exercise by the CPM to divert people's attention from allegations against party leaders.\"However, thanks to those false allegations raised by the CPM, especially Thomas Isaac, the Janasree has become more famous, and we are thankful to them for that,\" he told while addressing the district convention of the Janasree Mission here on Thursday.Hassan, who accused the CPM of trying to politicize the Kudumbasree, sought a probe into allegations that Isaac had misused the Kudumbasree fund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872364", "title": "Maharashtra asks high court to reconsider ban on bullock cart races", "text": "MUMBAI: Six months after the Bombay high court banned bullock cart races across the state, the Maharashtra government has backed a move to urge the court to reconsider its ban. In response to a review petition filed by the Khed Taluka Chalak Malak Sangh, the state in its affidavit had requested the court to allow bullock cart races.The affidavit filed by ST Shende, under-secretary in the agriculture and animal husbandry department, assured the court that if the bullock cart races are allowed, the state will ensure that \"all precautions are taken\". The state is represented in court by assistant government pleader GW Mattos. The state said that Maharashtra being primarily an agrarian society, bullocks were important and the races were held in the villages during an annual festival known as 'Varshik Jatra'.\"Bullock cart races have been conducted since time immemorial and are a part of village tradition. The races also provide employment to the villagers,\" the affidavit claimed. The state has pointed to the Supreme Court order permitting 'Jallikattu' or bullock races in Tamil Nadu and a similar order passed by the Punjab and Haryana high court.The state has promised a slew of measures to ensure that bulls are not harmed, including seperate tracks for each bullock cart, ban on whipping of the bull, inspection of each bull by a veterinary doctor, medical aid to injured bulls, videographing the race and monitoring of races by the district administration and police authorities.In case of any harm to the animals, the state said it would book persons under the prevention of cruelty Act. The case is scheduled to come up for hearing later this month.Earlier, in March 2012, the court had ordered a ban on bullock cart races, by setting aside a state circular that had the effect of allowing non-castrated bulls to be used in bullock cart races.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16875009", "title": "SC directs all statutory bodies to implement Vishakha judgement", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has directed all statutory bodies including Bar Council of India to implement the 15-year-old Vishakha judgement.The judgement lays down guidelines to deal with sexual harassment complaints at work places.The Supreme Court's Vishakha Judgement of 1997 is a landmark in legal guidelines for cases of sexual harassment at the workplace.This judgement was delivered after Bhanwari Devi a development worker in a Rajasthan state run programme tried to take a stand against child marriage and was gang raped by members of the Gujjar community for her interference.In response to a petition by women's groups after this, the Supreme Court laid down that, \"each incidence of sexual harassment of women at workplace results in violation of the fundamental rights gender equality and the right to life and liberty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16875593", "title": "Let the sun take care of your bones", "text": "BANGALORE: Shunning the sun for that sweet morning sleep, sitting in an air-conditioned office for long hours and applying sunscreen whenever you step out are some of the reasons that lead to Vitamin D deficiency even among youths. The condition can end in lack of calcium and rise in cases of osteoporosis or porous bones.According to a United Nations study in 2008, 26 million Indians suffered from osteoporosis in 2003. The number is expected to reach 36 million by 2013. One in every 3 women and one in 5 men above the age of 50 are believed to be affected by osteoporosis, but the mean age of getting it is coming down, experts said.\"Traditionally, osteoporosis is seen more in women after menopause and in men who've crossed 60. But we are getting more and more young patients now,\" said Dr Sharan Patil, senior orthopaedic surgeon and chairman, Sparsh Hospital.\"I am treating a 28-year-old software designer, who was diagnosed with osteoporosis two months ago. His Vitamin-D level was shockingly low at just 3 mm (minimum requirement is 25-30 mm for an adult),\" said Dr Patil.INDIANS AT HIGH RISK Indians have a higher risk of developing osteoporosis because of their lower BMD ( bone mineral density) rates due to poor calcium intake, limited availability of fortified foods, excess salt intake, etc.\"Vitamin D helps bones absorb calcium. Sunlight is the main source, which helps the body produce vitamin D. One must ensure at least 30 minutes of exposure in the sun every day. It's better to use sunscreen only on the face and expose other parts to the sun,\" said Dr Aruna Prasad, consultant dermatologist, Columbia Asia Hospital, Hebbal.Dr Umashankar N, consultant dermatologist, Apollo Hospitals , said: \"One must go out in the sun between 7am and 10am without sunscreen so that body gets sunlight and build Vitamin D. Sunscreen can be used between 10am and 3pm.\"World Osteoporosis Day Drink milk, eat right Drinking about 250 ml milk daily will help build Vitamin D. Opt for calcium- and protein-rich diet with milk products, green leafy vegetables, fish and eggsKeep tabs on Vit D levels Test your Vitamin D levels. If you have regular body ache or joint pain, even if you are not involved in rigorous physical activity, it is advisable to get tested", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "cape town", "code": "16875669", "title": "Mumbai Indians' CLT20 fate no longer in own hands: Pollock", "text": "CAPE TOWN: Facing elimination from Champions League Twenty20 after a loss and a washed-out game, Mumbai Indians' bowling coach and mentor Shaun Pollock said the team's fate is no longer in its own hands.\"It's disappointing for us. The Lions have won two games and the way the schedule has been made, they play before us, which means qualification for the semifinal is out of your hands,\" Pollock said after the rained-out match against Yorkshire.\"That's a bit sad. If they win that game, they'll have already won three and the Sydney Sixers have won three as well. And even if we win our remaining two games, we'll have only two and a half. We had to win this game but you can't control the weather. Unfortunately, ours was not the first game,\" he added.Pollock refuted suggestions that the bowling is too reliant on the pace duo of Mitchell Johnson and Lasith Malinga .\"Dhawal Kulkarni bowled really well in the last IPL game he played, against the Chennai Super Kings; so he's a fantastic prospect.\"We've got Dwayne Smith and Kieron Pollard. We also have Harbhajan (Singh) and Pragyan Ojha , who have played international cricket; and we've seen in this tournament before that spinners have played a part. So no, we're not over-dependent on Johnson and Malinga,\" he said.Pollock also rejected the notion that IPL teams were struggling in the CLT20 .\"The Delhi Daredevils have won the one game they've played. The Chennai Super Kings haven't played as well as they're expected to. We have lost just one match,\" he said.\"If you look at KKR, they have been very successful in Kolkata, where their bowling attack suits the wicket, but not here,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16871418", "title": "Fake Tagore paintings: Art school professor faces police probe", "text": "KOLKATA: The higher education department on Thursday initiated disciplinary proceedings against Dipali Bhattacharyya, associate professor of painting, Government College of Art and Craft, for her alleged role in the fake Tagore paintings fiasco.On February 27, 2011, when Bhattacharya was the principal, the college had organised an exhibition of 23 'Tagore paintings' to mark his 150th birth anniversary. Later 20 of these were found to fake. The case is now in court.Two days ago, art college students Saptarshi Ghosh and Tamal Krishna Gowsami and painters Prithish Daw and Prabal Sengupta wrote to New Market police station seeking action against those who had \"counterfeited the Tagore paintings\".Nineteen of the alleged fake paintings were supplied by Bhattacharyya and one by renowned painter Jogen Chowdhury, says the complaint. It also names Dhanbad-based art collector Jayanta Banerjee.On Thursday, police took this complaint as an FIR under Sections 420, 463, 465, 471, 511 IPC (cheating and forgery) along with 120B (criminal conspiracy). The complaint had sought the immediate arrest of the accused.The police took a couple of days to study the complaint because the case is in Calcutta high court. Second, the complaint doesn't clearly accuse Bhattacharya, Chowdhury and Banerjee of making illegal gains from the alleged fake art.The complaint mentions that the exhibition was organised under the ministry of culture.A departmental chargesheet, along with the list of charges and documents, has been forwarded to Bhattacharyya, said an officer. \"An inquiry officer and a presenting officer have been appointed for the probe. She will be asked to face the committee and if found guilty, she may be suspended. The officers will have to submit a report within the end of the month,\" the officer added.The inquiry committee's tenure coincides with the date when Bhattacharya is set to retire \u2014 October 31.In March, 2011, Tapas Sarkar, another artist had moved a PIL in high court seeking action against those behind the alleged fake paintings.The court appointed a special officer, Amit Roy, and asked him to seize the disputed paintings. ASI deputy director Gautam Sengupta was ordered to investigate the authenticity of the paintings. On November 23 last year, the ASI submitted its report, which said that 20 of the 23 paintings were fake.Nearly 11 months later, in September 2012, a bench comprising then high court Chief Justice Jaynarayan Patel and Justice Joymalya Bagchi expressed surprise that the state government had not yet taken any measures. The government was asked to inform the court after the Pujas on what it planned to do in the case. The departmental inquiry and FIR are a direct fallout of the court order, say sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16872060", "title": "Bombay high court clears way for trial of PBA ex-chief", "text": "PUNE: Lawyer Laxman Shravan Ghadge-Patil, former president of the Pune Bar Association (PBA), will have to face trial for allegedly plotting the murder of a student who was reportedly having an affair with his daughter.The Bombay high court, on October 15, set aside the order of additional sessions judge Shalini Phansalkar-Joshi, which had discharged Ghadge-Patil from the case.The case dates back to July 2, 2007, when the police found the body of Jeevan Verma alias Indraji Verma (18) in a ditch in Gonwadi near Mulshi dam. The police had said that Ghadge-Patil had conspired to get Verma killed as Verma was close to his daughter. He was also charged with directing Chandrashekar Umesh Satpute, another suspect, to kill Verma, who was a student of Marathwada Mitra Mandal College.As per the police records, Ghadge's daughter had taken Verma to Mulshi. The suspects had accosted Verma near Mulshi. While suspect Mahesh Randive hit Verma on the head with a beer bottle, other suspects, Navnath Bhoomkar, Sachin Bichkar and Satpute, also assaulted him. After Verma bled to death, they threw his body in a ditch near the dam.The crime branch of the Pune rural police had taken over the investigations from the Paud police and had filed chargesheet against Ghadge-Patil and others. However, the additional sessions judge had discharged Ghadge-Patil from the case on July 18, 2009.The victim's mother Anuradha Verma and the police had filed criminal revision pleas in the high court for setting aside Ghadge-Patil's discharge, saying that there was sufficient evidence to put him on trial. Anuradha Verma had alleged that investigation was not done properly as the former PBA president was an influential person.HC justice K U Chandiwal said, \"The available material illustrates that Ghadge-Patil was a member of the conspiracy and he desired to eliminate Jeevan, an obstacle in settling the marriage of his daughter to a boy of his choice.\"Justice Chandiwal added: \"The reasons for the additional sessions judge to discharge (Ghadge-Patil) was there was no material of contact or phone calls produced by the prosecution to indicate the communication immediately before the events and after the events. However, this has been seen to be a surmise of the judge as there are such contact details on record.\"The HC order states, \"In the instant case, the undefended, shattered mother was running from pillar to post for justice. The investigations were misdirected and whenever benefits could be given to the accused no. 1 (Ghadge-Patil), it was so extended. The witnesses' statements were moulded to indicate that he had no role even if his minor daughter had planned elimination of Jeevan.\"Speaking to TOI, Verma's lawyer Sachin Thorat said: \"Now, Ghadge-Patil will have to face trial in the case. The police should now frame charges against him and others under sections 302 (punishment for murder) and 120(b) (criminal conspiracy) with 34 (common intention) of the Indian Penal Code\".Anuradha Verma said, \"There is sufficient evidence against Ghadge-Patil. The police had collected evidence of phone calls made by him, but the records were not brought to the notice of the judge hearing the discharge plea. Now, we will pursue the matter before the sessions court for framing charges against all the accused.\"Ghadge-Patil's lawyers Harshad Nimbalkar and Sachin Thombre told TOI that they will file an appeal in the Supreme Court after receiving a certified copy of the high court order.eom/as", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872507", "title": "Indian origin teen in US wins honour for solar device", "text": "MUMBAI: Fourteen-year-old Deepika Kurup of Indian origin won 'America's Young Scientist' title on Tuesday.Kurup, who lives in Nashua, Boston , won the prestigious award along with a cash prize of $25,000 for designing an affordable water purifier that runs on solar power.She intends to use a part of her award to deploy her prototype in countries facing shortage of potable water such as India. Kurup's parents hail from Trivandrum in Kerala.Kurup, a Std IX student from Nashua high school, competed with nine other finalists in the 'Discovery Education 3M Young Scientist Challenge' and emerged as the winner after three rounds. The finalists were mentored by scientists at 3M for three months. \"One of the challenges was to create prototypes using 3M products.We were asked to come up with solutions to problems faced in the world. In this round, I designed a light-weight, non-inflammable spacecraft,\" said Kurup. Her invention uses two chemicals - titanium oxide and zinc oxide - which, when hit by sunlight, undergo a chemical change producing hydroxyl radicals that can destroy certain bacteria. Her innovation harnesses solar energy to disinfect contaminated water.Deepika's mother, Meena Pradeep, said, \"She read many research papers before designing the purifier. She has always good in academics and the captain of the Science and Math teams at school.\" She met US President Barrack Obama during her stint at the 3M Innovation centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871318", "title": "Alert woman foils bid to snatch chain", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two criminals on a Pulsar bike caused a disturbance in the Bhajanpura area of northeast Delhi on Wednesday evening after failing to snatch a woman's chain. The duo fired several times while fleeing the spot.Mona Gupta, who left home around 6pm to go to the market, was attacked but foiled the robbers' plan by kicking their bike off balance. \"The two armed men fell off the bike. They tried to start it again, but couldn't. Then they ran towards road number three. The woman raised an alarm and locals chased the fleeing duo,\" said a senior police officer.The robbers saw a bike headed their way and took it at gunpoint. While the duo fled, the locals mistook the robbed biker, Mohammad Alam, for an accomplice and thrashed him before handing him over to police.\"We are investigating the case. We have found that Alam had nothing to do with the snatching incident. However, our probe has not found any armed robbery by the accused. Alam's bike was parked on the road and the accused just found a perfect opportunity to snatch it,'' said an officer.On Thursday morning, snatchers again struck in the Bhajanpura main market, taking away the gold chain of a woman identified as Savita Tyagi. Police say they have positive leads in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16873573", "title": "Cash transfers for cooking gas: Implementation will be the key", "text": "The fact that Aadhar cards are yet to be handed out to a majority of people and several crore do not have bank accounts either presents obvious problems for the proposed cash transfer system of doling out subsidies. It is important, therefore, that careful thought goes into figuring out how these hurdles are to be surmounted and that the implementation too lives up to the plan. After all, the idea behind moving to cash transfers is to improve the mechanism of delivering subsidies. If that does not happen because of faulty design or execution of the mechanism, it could well spell the end of a promising experiment.Related article:  By July, cash transfers for cooking gas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16872732", "title": "CSJMU starts admission process for private students", "text": "KANPUR: The Chatrapati SahuJi Maharaj University (CSJMU) has started the admission process for private students for the academic session 2012-13 by opening the online applications from Thursday. The new system is expected to do away with long queues at both admission and information kiosks.Students, who want to file for private education from CSJMU, can register for the same online. The form tokens for online registrations are available from October 18 to November 30 while the registrations can be done till December 02 midnight.The private registration tokens are available at two banks. HDFC bank branch of Mall Road, Lal Bangla and Kidwai nagar are offering the private form tokens. Form tokens are also available at The Bank Of Baroda branches at Sarvodaya Nagar, Patel Nagar, Patara and Shivrajpur.The other requirements and detailed information of the admission process is available on the university's website www.kanpuruniversity.org.The students can register for several courses by logging to the website. The students should keep the token which has a special login name and password with them till the admission process is over.\"Students can register for private education by clicking on the university website. The home page will display an option 'on-line application for private students'. One has to click on that and fill the desired information for the registration,\" informed system manager, Saroj Dwivedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16875326", "title": "Herculean task for Amdavadi Haria at WBC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Junior national billiards champion Dhvaj Haria, the 19-year-old Amdavadi, will face 16-time world champion Mike Russel in his opening game at the 2012 World Billiards Championships that begins on October 17 in Leeds, England.This has allowed Dhvaj to be part of the big league in billiards.\"It is a global stage and my first match is against a legend. It is not going to be easy but I am looking forward to it. I know what the result will be but I will take the match as a learning experience. I shall also try to get valuable tips from the world champion,\" said Haria, referring to his first match.Haria knows that the time format of the championship will be very exhaustive and it will test his patience.\"It will test my endurance. But I have been spending six hours on the table daily to prepare myself,\" he added.Incidentally, Haria is also the defending national sub-junior billiards and snooker champion. Besides Russell, Haria will also face Aidan Murray, Jonathan Evans , Revanna Umadevi and Mohammed Hameed in the time format, for a place in the next round.Besides Haria, two more Amdavadis are competing -nine-time world champion and Padmashri Geet Sethi along with former world champion Rupesh Shah.Meanwhile, the 51-year-old legend Geet Sethi will be aiming to take his world championship tally to double figures. He is one of the main contenders.\"It is tough but I will certainly try my luck. It is a big event and I am really very happy to be part of it. Definitely being among the contenders makes me feel good,\" said Sethi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "adilabad", "code": "16871271", "title": "Two senior leaders quit Congress", "text": "ADILABAD: Former MP A Indrakaran Reddy and former MLA Konery Konappa resigned from the Congress on Thursday. Indrakaran Reddy said he had decided to quit protesting the party's indifferent attitude towards the separate Telangana demand. Former MLA from Sirpur (T) constituency Konappa also announced his resignation from the party at a press conference at Kagaznagar. At a meeting organised by his followers and party workersIndrakaran Reddy said he had decided not to continue in the Congress which he alleged was playing with the sentiments of Telangana people. He said he would consider joining another political party after undertaking a padayatra. A former Adilabad MP, Indrakaran also served as MLA twice from Nirmal constituency.Rumours are doing rounds in the district that Indrakaran Reddy has prepared the ground to join the YSR CP and was waiting for a suitable time. Sources said both Indrakaran and Konappa had contacted the Jagan party leaders.Congress sources said there were two groups in the district Congress led by MLC Premsagar Rao and another by Indrakaran Reddy. With Premsagar Rao gaining an upper hand, Indrakaran was feeling stifled and, in all probability, he would join hands with Jagan, insiders said.Indrakaran had lost the Nirmal assembly constituency to Prajarajyam Party candidate Maheshwar Reddy in 2009 general elections. He also contested in 2010 byelections from Sirpur (T) constituency and was defeated by Telangana Rashtra Samithi candidate Kaveti Sammaiah.He took out a rally with over 3,000 supporters in Nirmal protesting government's inaction on Telangana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16873307", "title": "Cape ex-chief\u2019s allegations wrong: Kerala govt", "text": "KOCHI: It was because of the resentment over being removed from the post of the director that the former director of the Cooperative Academy of Professional Education (Cape) had alleged that the cooperation minister was intervening in appointments, the state government submitted in the high court on Thursday.The submission was made in an affidavit filed by VM Gopala Menon, secretary for cooperation department, in response to the court's earlier directive seeking an explanation regarding the allegation raised by Cape's former director KS Premachandra Kurup against co-operation minister CN Balakrishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871802", "title": "Control room set up for smooth transition to digitization in metros", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the deadline for digital switchover in four metro cities approaching, the I&B; ministry has set up a control room with a toll-free telephone number to ensure seamless transition.The control room was established on October 15 and will function on all days from 8am to 10pm. The toll free number is 1-800-180-4343.This is expected to address and clarify various queries relating to acquisition of set top boxes (STBs), various schemes of purchase of STBs, package rates offered by MSOs. Representatives of five national level MSOs namely DEN, In Cable, Hathway, Digi Cable, and Siti Cable are also available in the control room during this period to address any specific queries relating to their respective networks/services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16873341", "title": "Work on govt cyber park to begin next week", "text": "KOZHIKODE: After a delay of two years, the construction work of the government cyber park in Kozhikode will commence next week. Representatives of KRR Infra Projects, which has been awarded the contract, will visit the proposed site near Thondayad two days prior to the commencement of the work.The foundation stone for the project was laid in May 2010. But the work did not start due to technical issues resulting in the cancellation of the contract awarded to KRR Infra Projects based in Hyderabad. The work was delayed further when the contractor approached the high court against the cancellation of the contract.Later, in the retendering, the board of governance of the cyber park, awarded the contract again to KRR Infra in September last.Sources at the cyber park said the construction of the first 2.08 lakh sq ft IT building in the park would begin next week; it is expected to be completed by April 2014. The estimated cost for constructing this building on the 25-acre land near Nellikode in the city is Rs 37 crore. The land near the NH-17 bypass was levelled months ago.The construction of the first 2.08 lakh sq ft IT building in the park would begin on the 25-acre land near Nellikode next week and is expected to be completed by April 2014", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16870801", "title": "Jharkhand State Electricity Board promises surplus power during puja", "text": "RANCHI: Power situation in several parts of the state improved late on Wednesday following rectification of fuel leakage in one unit of the state-owned Tenughat Vidyut Nigam Limited (TVNL) on Tuesday night. Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) has promised to supply additional consumed power during Durga Puja too. Several parts of the state were enveloped in darkness on Tuesday night owing to a technical failure in the TVNL unit on the first day of Navratra.JSEB chairman S N Verma said 30 to 35 mega watt additional power would be consumed during Durga Puja and the board is ready to deal with the demand. \"There would be enough power supply during the festival,\" said Verma.On Thursday, the power position improved with a 396 mega watt power supply against the requirement of 400 mega watt, he said.Including Ranchi, several districts faced acute power shortage for 24 hours since Tuesday night. In urban areas, the situation improved late on Wednesday but semi-urban areas continued to reel under power crisis till Thursday morning. Power failure had also led to water crisis in several places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16873374", "title": "IPS officer caught taking Rs 1L bribe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The CBI on Thursday caught SP (city) Desh Raj Singh red-handed for allegedly demanding and accepting a bribe of Rs 1 lakh from a serving station house officer (SHO).Desh Raj, a 2008-batch IPS officer, reportedly demanded the money for giving a favourable report about the SHO, against whom he is conducting five departmental inquiries.Sources said the agency officials caught Desh Raj accepting bribe at his official residence in Sector 23 from SHO Anokh Singh of Police Station, Sector 26. Confirming the development, DIG (CBI) Mahesh Aggarwal said the officer had been taken into the custody. According to CBI sources, Anokh Singh arrived near Desh Raj's house in a police gypsy and was later joined by the CBI team at the IPS officer's house. The complainant was in police uniform when the money was handed over to the accused. Apart from Anokh Singh, there a dozen police personnel against whom Desh Raj is conducting departmental inquiries.Sources said it was perhaps for the first time in recent times that CBI had arrested an IPS officer red-handed in UT for accepting bribe.\"He had initially demanded an illegal gratification of Rs 5 lakh. After negotiations, the deal was struck at Rs 2 lakh. The officer was accepting first installment of Rs 1 lakh when he was caught,\" the CBI officials said. Desh Raj had joined UT police on probation as ASP (central division) and recently completed his probation. The MHA issued orders for his promotion as SP in March 2012.He was recently in the headlines following a stand-off with two inspectors of UT police \u2014 Amanjot Singh and Neeraj Sarna. Both were placed under suspension a few weeks ago following his complaint against them. The IPS officer had charged them with insubordination during vice-president Hamid Ansari's visit to city in March early this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16872843", "title": "Ram Barat taken out with much fanfare", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Ram Barat under the auspices of Pajawa Ramleela Committee was taken out with much fanfare in the city. The marriage of Lord Rama and Sita was beautifully portrayed in the Ramleela.Initially, Ram and Laxman seated on a chariot started from Shahganj Mandir. Behind them, Bharat and Shatrughan were seated on other chariot.Elephants, camels and horses were present in the procession. Many tableaus were also taken on the occasion.The procession marched through Shahganj, Clock Tower, Loknath, Rani Mandi and finally reached Pajawa Ramleela Committee. People lined up the roads and showered petals on Ram and Laxman.However, as the procession reached Pajawa Ramleela Committee, Sita descended from a lift and garlanded Ram.After that, the marriage ceremony of Ram and Sita was performed.Meanwhile, Shringar Chowki of Pajawa Ramleela Committee and Shringar Chowki of Patthar Chatti ramleela Committee was taken out with much fanfare on Thursday's morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16875977", "title": "College in firing line", "text": "BELGAUM: The Angadi Institute of Technology and Management belonging to Belgaum MP Suresh Angadi on the city's outskirts is in the news again. The Army says it has been built on its firing range without taking a No-Objection Certificate.However, Angadi denied the allegations and told TOI it was his private land and there was no need of availing an NoC from the Army. He clarified that Army has been claiming rights on 7,469 acres across nine villages, while in actual fact it has only 1,302 acres at Mandoli village. The rest 6,167 acres is agricultural land belonging to farmers.He said the state government allegedly notified farmers' land in 1970 and handed over to Army for a 10-year lease. The lease period was extended twice up to 2020. But the notifying and acquiring of private land without giving compensation was illegal.\"No state and central Acts say that private agricultural land can be notified and leased to the military to conduct firing activities,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16872608", "title": "KDMC told to file report on Rs 654 crore housing 'scam'", "text": "THANE: The district administration wants a status report from the Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Corporation (KDMC) on the Basic Services to Urban Poor (BSUP) scheme.The Rs 654-crore housing programme, funded by the Centre, has been plagued with allegations of corruption, misappropriation of funds and fudging of the beneficiary list. On Wednesday, TOI reported financial irregularities in the scheme to provide 13,469 tenements in high-rises for slumdwellers in Kalyan and Dombivli. \"The Thane collectorate has directed us to submit an extensive report about the BSUP scheme's implementation from its inception and the present status of its implementation,\" a senior civic official, requesting anonymity told TOI.\"We have acknowledged that there was delay in the project's execution largely due to interruptions caused by anti-social elements and legal issues involved. We have sought sanction from the state government to allow KDMC to secure a loan of Rs 174 crore from HUDCO for the project,\" he added.The Thane police, which are investigating charges of graft in the welfare plan, have recommended a CBI probe. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has been reportedly advised against associating himself with the programme. Sources say Chavan is scheduled to preside over a function on October 23 to hand over keys to beneficiaries of the scheme.KDMC special officer Subhash Bhujbal conducted an inquiry into the programme's implementation. The probe revealed that a private agency, which was authorized to conduct a survey, added fictitious names in the beneficiary list.The firm was mandated to conduct a survey of the slum pockets using a biometric system for identifying each beneficiary after scrutiny of their proof of residence.Under the scheme, a slumdewller has to pay 10% of the construction cost of a tenement, while the Centre, state government and local civic body foot the rest.nitin.yeshwantrao@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16872271", "title": "Panchayats members urged to introspect on staff's role", "text": "CALANGUTE: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar inaugurated a day-long seminar on the topic 'Knowledge is power' for women members of village panchayats from Bardez at Calangute on Wednesday morning.\"We want to create awareness amongst women members of panchayats to monitor the implementation of various schemes because often money is spent on the same project by different government departments, which leads to double expenditure and even triple expenditure,\" Parrikar said.Tourism minister Dilip Parulekar asked the members to introspect on the role of the panchayat staff in implementing various schemes. \"Clerks in the panchayats remain at the same posts for even 20 years and watch sarpanchas and panchas come and go. They say if you have any work, come to me, don't go to the sarpanch. On the other hand even state government employees are routinely transferred all over Goa. I want the elected sarpanchas and panchas to reflect on this and debate whether this is good or bad,\" he said.The seminar created awareness amongst the panchayat members on various issues like the availability of various government schemes through different departments like social welfare, rural development agency, tribal welfare, women and child department, etc. Soter D'Souza, Anita Karambalkar and Roland Martins spoke on the Right to Information Act, economic empowerment for self-help groups, panchayat raj and the role of gram sabhas.The seminar was organized by the Goa panchayat mahila shakti abhiyan, Bardez block, in association with the Calangute village panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16875195", "title": "College campuses abuzz with students for Navratri", "text": "College campuses are abuzz with students revving up to celebrate Navratri. The student counsels are set, the basic plans have been laid down, it's time now to put everything together and see the grand carnival unfold.Most of the institutes in Ahmedabad are known to celebrate Navratri in their own unique style. \"The basic idea to organise Navratri is to bring students from different departments together. All the arrangements are done by the students,\" says Ramya Ramesh, member of the student counsel, CEPT University.While Navratri celebrations at colleges like St Xavier's, MICA, NID, NIFT, et al are open to outsiders, there are other institutes who prefer to keep it a student affair. Shambhavi Tiwari, event manager, Student Activity Council, NID, says, \"We usually have one night where guests are invited, but it is not happening this year. We are going mellow with the celebrations, but the josh is the same. This year our festivities are for NIDians and there will only be a dholi to perform.\"Other institutes are taking their celebrations a notch up this year though. Phalgun Kumar, manager student activities and leadership, PDPU, says, \"Though we celebrate Navratri only for a day, we make sure it's a grand affair. We have organised a twoday workshop for students outside Gujarat to teach them garba. There are various prizes to be won at the event. And the one who is the most enthusiastic throughout the celebration gets a special prize.\"Talking about prizes, institutes like MICA have given it a competitive edge, mixing fun with performance. \"The final night of Navratri is open to all colleges and an intra-college cultural competition will take place,\" says Vidya Niar, event head MICA. And to organise an event at such a scale one needs a healthy budget which seems to be coming from the institutes itself. Vidya confirms, \"We get the grant from the college which is enough for our requirements. We also have sponsors at times for the final nights.\"Shambhavi asserts, \"This time we got the approval for our quotation in one go from the institute.\" So are the budgets enough to invite celebrity guests and make the event grander? Ramya says, \"We don't want any celebrities because we don't want to make it commercial.\"By the looks of it, students at these institutes are geared up to have lots of fun and frolic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16870719", "title": "Bhupinder Hooda not doing enough for women: Women's organizations", "text": "GURGAON: Against the backdrop of a surge in rape cases in Haryana, a group of women's organizations has accused CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda of playing vote-bank politics and not doing enough to fight such crimes and violence against women.They also condemned the attack on over 400 activists, including CPI(M) leader Brinda Karat , by Haryana police during a rally demanding justice for the survivors of rape and sexual assault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16871227", "title": "APSMFC scam accused to be grilled by CID", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Crime Investigation Department (CID) sleuths on Thursday took into their custody four persons arrested in the AP State Minority Finance Corporation (APSMFC) scam.Armed with court orders, a team of CID officers arrived at Chanchalguda jail in the morning and took Chunduri Venkata Koti Sai Kumar, N Venkata Raman, Naveen Sagar and Kesav Rao into custody.The accused were shifted to the CID headquarters at Lakdi-ka-pul. According to sources, the CID officials later raided the house of Kesav Rao from where they seized Rs 3 lakh cash and some documents.The Nampally criminal court had on Wednesday granted the police seven-day custody of the accused.They quartet is said to have swindled Rs 54.47 crore meant for scholarship and other schemes of the APSMFC.The Sixth Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate at Nampally while granting the police custody had directed the CID to produce them in court on October 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16872771", "title": "RK Singh appointed Lucknow Municipal Corporation chief", "text": "LUCKNOW: The game of musical chair for the post of Lucknow municipal commissioner ended on Thursday when the state government appointed Rakesh Kumar Singh as the new civic chief of the city. Singh, a 1994 batch PCS officer, replaced Narendra Kumar Singh Chauhan, who was earlier posted to the top municipal job on October 1. Chauhan, however, did not join Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC) for reasons better known to him.Chauhan was posted as LMC chief nearly over a month after his predecessor Nagendra Pratap Singh was transferred from LMC on August 22. In a way, the LMC has been virtually left headless for over one-and-a-half month even as a host of issues, essentially pertaining to policy decisions affecting civic infrastructure, came to haunt the city health. Rakesh Kumar Singh, was earlier general manager NRHM, before being posted as municipal commissioner, Kanpur, replacing NKS Chauhan. But when Chauhan, a senior PCS officer of 1983 batch, showed his unwillingness to join LMC, Rakesh Kumar Singh was transferred to Mandi Parishad as its deputy director.Singh's appointment comes in the nick of time with city mayor Dinesh Sharma calling the house session on Saturday. The house required the presence of a full time municipal commissioner to execute a host of policy decisions taken by the house. The house session, itself, had been repeatedly postponed, reportedly, because of the absence of a full time municipal commissioner. The day to day functioning of LMC was though looked after by additional municipal commissioner, Rakesh Verma, a 1997 batch PCS officer. Singh's appointment to the post comes two days after the LMC constituted a committee to look into modalities to release Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) funds, which were held up by NP Singh, who found grave anomalies in construction of civic infrastructure. He, in fact, had recommended an assessment by Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur in July, following heavy flooding in parts of Trans-Gomti areas during monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871797", "title": "Baseless allegations dangerous for politics: Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress seized upon the Supreme Court's clean chit to Rahul Gandhi over allegations of rape to warn that graft charges were following the same trajectory which the political class had to guard against.AICC general secretary Janardan Dwivedi told reporters, \"We see this ruling in a wider perspective. The baseless, petty allegations being hurled in politics these days are very dangerous for democracy. It does not concern Congress alone. One dies by the weapon he uses. Look around, nobody is left who has not been accused.\"The Congress bid to use apex court's crackdown on \"baseless charges\" against Rahul Gandhi to draw a parallel with the anti-graft campaign led by Arvind Kejriwal coincided with the attack on BJP chief Nitin Gadkari for corruption.While accusations against Gadkari left the saffron camp squirming, it provided the beleaguered ruling party with an opportunity to seek unity in the political class against Kejriwal camp accused of making baseless charges.\"Beware the big and responsible parties. We should try to take politics away from this track,\" Dwivedi said.However, Dwivedi's rallying call to mainstream outfits in \"we-are-in-it-together\" tone failed to appeal to the opposition.BJP spokesperson Nirmala Seetharaman reacted by saying, \"Today, our democracy is becoming vibrant. Citizens are expecting probity in public life. When they suspect wrongdoing, not every question asked is baseless and citizens expect answers. Such sermons from Congress cannot absolve them from answering various questions that have been raised by statutory authorities on corruption in government.\"Dwivedi claimed Congress played by the rules and did not resort to lies and sensation, a trait he said was the secret of Congress's longevity of over 125 years.Dwivedi also used the occasion to flag concern over the misuse of RTI for \"blackmailing, paralysing administration, meeting selfish ends and revenge.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16872323", "title": "Catholic MLAs have turned against their community: Trajano", "text": "PANAJI: The 10 Catholic MLAs, who are either in the government or supporting it from outside, have \"betrayed the Catholic community at the altar of self seeking benefits\", Lokancho Adhar president Trajano D'Mello said on Thursday.D'Mello said he had \"authentic information\" that till September 3, of the 592 girls who availed of the Laadli Laxmi benefits, 484 are Hindus, 99 are Catholics and only nine are Muslims. What is shocking is that hardly any of the 99 Catholic beneficiaries are from the 10 constituencies represented by the Catholic MLAs, D'Mello said.He named these 10 constituencies which are represented by Catholic MLAs as Aldona (Glen Ticlo), Calangute (Michael Lobo), Mapusa (Francis D'Souza), Cortalim (Alina Saldanha), Vasco (Carlos Almeida), Navelim (Avertano Furtado), Nuvem (Francisco Mickky Pacheco), Velim (Benjamin D'Silva), Curchorem (Nilesh Cabral) and Benaulim (Caetano Silva).D'Mello declined to state how many Catholics had benefited from the Laadli Laxmi scheme in these 10 constituencies but said the figures are \"shocking\" and will be revealed soon. \"Let them contradict me and I will reveal the actual figures,\" D'Mello said, adding that the Catholic MLAs \"have turned traitors and ditched their community.\"D'Mello also accused minister for women and child welfare Dilip Parulekar of exposing his own \"inefficiency\" as despite being in charge of the department, he got benefits of Laadli Laxmi for only 12 girls in Saligao, of which 10 are Hindu and two are Catholic. \"He took 1,000 forms,\" D'Mello said.D'Mello said he is not appealing to the church but is only appealing to the Christian community to take cognizance of the failure of the Catholic MLAs to protect their interests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "st. simons island", "code": "16875887", "title": "Good start for Atwal at McGladrey Classic", "text": "ST. SIMONS ISLAND: Indian golfer Arjun Atwal shot a blemish-free three-under 67 to be tied 26th after the opening round of the McGladrey Classic, the penultimate event on the schedule that counts towards the Money List.Atwal, who has struggled through the season, birdied the second, sixth and 15th holes.Atwal has made only 11 cuts in 25 starts and is fighting hard to keep his card for 2012. Currently he is 171st on the List and needs to be inside 125 to keep his card.The 22-year-old Bud Cauley shot eight-under 62 to take the lead and it was his best score of the Tour.Cauley shares the lead with Marco Dawson .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16872079", "title": "FDA bans FDI bans 'varai' flour made of kodra seeds", "text": "PUNE: The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has banned the sale of 'varai' (samo rice) flour made of kodra seeds (a wild variety of millets) during Navaratra. Varai preparations are usually eaten by people observing a fast. Hundreds of people in Pune and other parts of the state were hospitalized during last year's Navaratra after eating preparations made of adulterated varai flour.The FDA held a meeting with varai traders from Market Yard and Pimpri-Chinchwad on Monday. \"We have asked them not to sell varai made of kodra seeds. Any violation will be dealt with seriously,\" said Shashikant Kekare, joint commissioner (food), FDA, Pune.Varai, also known as 'bhagar', is cultivated in tribal areas across the country and almost 80-85% is produced in Maharashtra.The FDA has taken a slew of measures to prevent poisoning through varai. All manufacturers, distributors and retailers should have licence or register themselves with the FDA. \"The producer should record the date of harvesting the varai crop. Every sack/bag of varai should carry the batch number/serial number and date of production. The raw material and stock should be stored in a hygienic condition,\" Kekare said.The FDA said it may allow sale of varai made of kodra seeds after Navaratra only if tests find the flour fit for human consumption. For that, the producers should send a sample of the produce to the laboratory and the report should be submitted to the FDA office.When people were hospitalized last year with abdominal pain and vomiting, the FDA sent samples of the flour to the government laboratory for testing. The test report revealed that the flour was up to 50% adulterated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872659", "title": "Sharad Pawar not new to controversy", "text": "MUMBAI: Union minister Sharad Pawar remained unfazed after activist Y P Singh on Thursday hurled accusations of irregularities against him and his family for the benefit of the Lavasa hill township project. He dismissed the allegations, saying there was absolutely nothing new in the charges.Pawar is not new to controversy. Over three decades ago, then Shiv Sena leader Chhagan Bhujbal , now a trusted lieutenant of Pawar, had launched a frontal attack on the minister, saying he was involved in a plot scam in the city. The high-voltage campaign was abandoned after Pawar initiated legal steps.Later, Bhujbal joined the Congress and then followed Pawar when he set up the NCP in 1999.In 1994, BJP leader Gopinath Munde and then BMC deputy commissioner G R Khairnar launched a campaign against Pawar, saying two persons with links to an underworld don had travelled in a special aircraft of the defence ministry. Pawar was the defence minister then.Neither Munde nor Khairnar was able to prove the charges, but the BJP leader was able to create an anti-Congress wave in the state. Then Munde undertook a successful statewide campaign, resulting in a saffron combine government being installed in the state for the first time in 1995.According to a senior NCP minister, ever since Pawar emerged as the most powerful leader of Maharashtra, the BJP has been targeting him. \"They targeted Pawar for obvious political reasons. They didn't succeed, but dented the personal image of Sharad Pawar,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872347", "title": "Navratri 2012: Public welfare in focus this year's festival", "text": "MUMBAI: Like Ganeshotsav, the element of public welfare underlines the festival of Navratri as well. Several mandals donate saris offered to the deity, while others invest private funds to organize medical camps and awareness programmes.The sudden death of former CM Vilasrao Deshmukh while he waited for a liver transplant saw Ganeshotsav organizers take up the theme of organ donation. On Sunday, a Navratri mandal from Tardeo will lead a rally of around 2,500 people in support of organ donation.\"Neighbouring mandals and Malabar Hill residents will join the march, which will be led by Dr Tatyarao Lahane, the dean of JJ Hospital. The zonal transplant coordination committee (ZTCC) will hold lectures on Friday and Saturday to create awareness about the cause,\" said Nitin Gorde, president of the Gopal Krishna Krida Mandal, which has taken the initiative.Dr Lahane is an apt choice to lead the rally, given that he himself received a kidney from his mother. He said, \"I always say mine is a bonus life, a rebirth. Both my kidneys had failed and my mother saved me by donating an organ in 1995. She and I are both in good health, and this should serve as an example to others who fear there are health risks in organ donation. That is the message I will carry to Sunday's rally.\"That charity begins at home is evident across the city. \"Throughout the nine days of Navratri, devotees offer saris to the goddess. After the festival we either distribute the surplus among underprivileged women or auction them to raise funds for a good cause,\" says Prabhakar Mandale of the Sarvajanik Navratra Utsav Mandal of Kurla (W). The 57-year-old mandal receives upto 800 saris during the season. Last year, it distributed the surplus to the Ranpakhar Ashram in an Adivasi hamlet in Raigad. \"There are devotees who are willing to pay a little more to purchase the saris because these are considered lucky, and also because they know we help out impoverished students with the proceeds of the sale,\" says another member Kiran Chuvekar. His wife Kavita points out that they run 'Sanskar Shibirs', classes in moral science, for students every Sunday.In Mulund, the Navratri checklist of the Mhada Colony Navratra Mandal includes medical camps, blood donation drives and anti-malaria campaigns. \"In fact, an eye camp is scheduled for Sunday,\" says president Ravi Naik. \"Our group has a thriving reputation for having improved the lives of local residents. We have campaigned for bus shelters and speed breakers in the area apart from demanding transparency in share-an-auto schemes. Since two years, we have been patronising an orchestra whose musicians are all deaf-mute.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16872827", "title": "This pandal transports you to village life", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Away from the hustle bustle of an urban life, a countryside folk leisurely smokes a 'hookah' reclining on a jute charpoy while his wife cooks food on earthen hearth. This is an ideal Indian setting in a village against the backdrop of a laidback landscape.If you wish to have a feel of such leisurely setting, just visit the Ashok Nagar Durga Puja pandal which has replicated the Indian theme.Amit Niyogi, vice-president of Ashok Nagar Durga Puja pandal, told TOI: \"As most of the Indians start life in the village but with rapid urbanisation we have lost touch with our roots and forget the village life. Therefore, we have created a replica of a West Bengal village so that we can keep our city clean and make it pollution free just as a village.\"A walk around this Puja Pandal momentarily takes one away from the smoke gurgling and choking atmosphere of the city into the clean and serene atmosphere of the village.There is a large temple made of mud in the centre of the village. The main idol of goddess Durga has been seated where the devotees would pay obeisance.There is also a small Shiv Mandir in this village. Here, an idol of Lord Shiva is also kept. The whole structure is illuminated in red light during the night.There is a small school in the village where children are shown studying, while a bespectacled teacher holding a cane keeps an eye over them.The most interesting aspect of this village scene is the depiction of a village postmaster carrying a large sack holding letters. He is also holds a traditional staff in his hand to support the body.There is also a large pond recreated in the park where a woman is washing her utensils. Next to it, there are some women who are separating rice from its chaff through a traditional instrument called 'Dhani'. There is also presence of a large 'morai' (a storehouse where rice is kept).From a distance, there is small farmer tilling his field with the help of oxen. He is shown using a large plough tied to the ox. There is also a bullock cart being driven across the village. A small well is also located in the village.This small village has required the hard labour and special artisans who have been called from West Bengal. They have been labouring day and night for the past one month to give shape to this hamlet.Ashok nagar Durga Puja Committee is one of the oldest puja committees in the city. Earlier, it was called Cantonment Barwari and later rechristened as Ashok Nagar Durga Puja Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16872819", "title": "\u2018Days before Vijayan murder, accused sold her jewellery\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: The 'MGR Vijayan' murder trial picked up momentum in a city sessions court, with a key witness informing the court that the prime suspect had indeed sold her jewellery a few days before the June 6, 2008 murder.The prosecution theory is that Banu, the prime suspect, had sold the jewellery to raise money and engage assailants to murder Vijayan. K Vijayan had married former chief minister M G Ramachandran's adopted daughter Sudha.He was murdered by an armed gang which had dashed their vehicle against his car on Kotturpuram bridge. The case, originally investigated by the Abiramapuram police, was later handed over to the CBCID. The motive behind the murder is suspected to be a property dispute among the legal heirs of the former chief minister.While Banu, sister of Sudha, is the prime accused, the other suspects include constable Karuna, who is charged with engaging the assailants. A total of seven people were arrested in connection with the murder, and all of them are now out on bail.On Thursday, when the trial resumed in the court of principal sessions judge P Kalaiyarasan, the manager of TB Jewellery in T Nagar M Vijayaraman said that Banu had sold her jewellery in four separate transactions and wanted four different receipts.He said that 27.570g of gold jewellery was sold in her name while 15.570g of gold jewellery each was sold in the name of her mother Seethadevi, husband Sridharan and teacher Girija. After the sale, she received Rs 1,03,000 from the shop on May 19, 2008. Significantly, she asked Vijayaraman to give separate receipts.\"Why one has to sell her gold in different names. We believe the money raised by selling the jewellery was used to pay the assailants,\" said special public prosecutor N Vijayraj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16872972", "title": "School vehicles seized for violating norms", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Taking serious note of the Wednesday school bus accident in which over 12 children sustained injuries, a team of regional transport office (RTO) on Thursday seized as many as five vehicles including four buses carrying school children for violation of norms.ARTO (Enforcement) RK Singh told TOI that regional transport office (RTO) office launched a massive drive to check the status of school buses, cabs, tempos and a team on Thursday seized four buses and a van.Singh maintained there was acute violation of norms and claimed permit of two vehicles was issued for jeep purposes but these vehicles were being run after being given the shape of mini school buses. Officials added the drive would continue in days to come.RTO officials pointed out that authorities of a city-based school had even requested parents of the children to send their wards by bus instead of letting them commute on their own on a scooter or two-wheeler claiming that wards were generally involved in reckless driving.The school authorities had not paid attention towards the physical status of school buses as they were not fit for ferrying children, said the officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16873330", "title": "Probe Cochin devaswom land grab: Kerala high court", "text": "KOCHI: A probe should be conducted into the encroachment of land belonging to the Cochin Devaswom Board, the high court suggested on Thursday.The court's suggestion was based on a report by the land revenue commissioner pointing to the possible involvement of the special tahsildar and the additional tahsildar in the issue.The court was considering a suo moto case regarding encroachment of land adjoining the Vadayambadi Palace temple. The case was registered on the basis of an anonymous complaint received at the high court pointing out that the more than 200 acres in possession of the temple in 1975 had now shrunk to around 10 acres.The commissioner had reported to the court that the special tahsildar had transferred landed property without verifying the documents properly and without obtaining the permission of the devaswom. Revenue officials also had supported the move, the commissioner's report stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16871873", "title": "Gajanan Ghadge's brother sings a different tune", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Gajanan Ghadge, whose name India Against Corruption (IAC) used to corner Nitin Gadkari , is saying that he blames the state's water resources department (WRD) and not BJP president for his plight, his brother at Khursapar village has a different story to say.Gajanan remained untraceable at his village but his elder brother Vishwanath, who also stays there, minced no words in targeting Gadkari for taking away his family land. The Ghadge family, which includes the two brothers and a sister Asha, jointly hold 17-acre land which is now leased to Purti Group by the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC). Purti Group has a sugar factory and a captive power plant adjoining this land.Meanwhile, another family-the Kambles- from neighbouring Wadgaon village cropped up raising their voice against Gadkari and Purti Group. Suraj Kamble, who represents a local Marathi newspaper from the area, said Purti had forced Kambles to abandon their land by literally blocking access to the land. Another farmer Bhagwan Bhagat named by IAC remained elusive at Khursapar but his son, Sachin clarified that their family had no grudge against Gadkari and blamed WRD. \"Even today, our family tills the land without Purti Group's permission and the cane we grow is sent to the sugar factory,\" said Sachin.According to Vishwanath Ghadge, the family owned 87 acres land which was taken over in 1979 for Rs 6,000 an acre to build the dam. Twenty three acres was utilized to build the dam's wall while a lot of it was submerged in reservoir. However, 17-odd acres remained unused and this he had acquired on lease from the WRD after the dam was constructed in 1997. He said the family continued to till it even today. In 2010, when he went to pay the lease rent, he was told the amount had been already paid by Purti Group to which the land was now allotted. After this, he submitted an application to get the land back but to no avail.\"Even as the Purti Group is growing sugarcane in the area, I cannot cultivate the same crop in my field that is in close vicinity, as most of water from the dam is consumed by Purti Group's captive power plant. The fly ash generated from it also creates immense pollution in the area,\" said Vishwanath.Kamble added family was tilling 24 acres land but in 1999 after the Purti's factory came up, his access to land was blocked. They had to give up the holding. In 2008, the WRD issued a notice that was displayed in the gram panchayat office saying the farmers could get the remaining land back on lease. \"My family made four different applications but the land was given to Purti Group. We had approached former NCP minister Ramesh Bang who was also deputy chairman of VIDC but he said he was not aware the land was given away to Purti Group and directed a superintendent engineer to help us,\" said Kamble.Kamble also showed applications by two others Chintaman Masram and Moreshwar Nimsade from his file but said that they were not traceable now.Purti Group's Managing Director Sudhir Diwe denied that any farmer apart from the Ghadges were tilling the land now under the group's possession. \"The 54 acre tract is now under Purti Sinchan Kalyankari Sanstha, a trust which has got it on a 11-year lease. It is engaged in growing different varieties of sugarcane saplings to supply it to farmers for Rs 5 a piece as against market rate of Rs 15. Ghadges are allowed to cultivate the land till they wish to and we will pay the rent on their behalf,\" said Diwe.\"There was huge debris generated during the dam's construction which we had to clear, and so there was no scope of any other farmer using the land,\" he added. Ghadge retorted that he had the capacity to pay the annual rent of around Rs 2,500 a hectare and this will ensure his claim to the farm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16871821", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation fines Unity Infra Rs 82L for slow cement road work", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation at last seems to be getting serious about cement road project progressing at snail's pace. The NMC public works department has slapped Rs 82.38 lakh fine on contractor Unity Infra Projects for lethargic work on project.The company had bagged the contract to concretize 25.93 km of tar roads at a cost of Rs 101.19 crore on June 6, 2011. The work was to be completed in 24 months. NMC appointed executive engineer (project) RN Hotwani as project engineer while 18 officials were deputed to monitor progress of the work.On June 12, 2011, BJP national president Nitin Gadkari performed the bhoomipujan of cement roads project at Jagnade square and Bajaj Nagar square. \"As per the agreement, NMC had given two-month mobilization period to the firm. But the firm took over six months and started the work only in February this year,\" said a source.As per the agreement, the firm has to complete the work worth Rs 4 crore every month. If it fails, NMC can impose a 1% penalty on shortfall amount. The firm miserably failed to adhere to this target. UIPL should have completed works worth Rs 30.5 crore so far. Instead, on March 15, this year, the firm approached the then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal with a request to remove the month-wise target from the agreement. However, Jaiswal refused to entertain the request but accepted the firm's another plea to complete only 50% of the above mentioned target. It came to works worth Rs 15 crore to be completed by June 30, 2012.However, so far, UIPL has not even completed the work worth Rs 5.50 crore, said the source. Still, NMC cleared 10 of the 14 bills it submitted in the civic body. Sources said UIPL was supposed to use 'Paver machines' (sleep form) worth Rs 8 crore for concretization but had not brought even a single machine. Instead, it again approached the civic body to allow use of fix form machine worth Rs 50 lakh.Recently, municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane reviewed the progress and was shocked why the NMC did not fine the firm for slow progress of the project as per contract terms. Civic chief admitted to TOI that the civic body too had failed to provide clearance of stretch. \"However, as the work was carried out at a slow pace, we slapped the fine,\" Wardhane added. The civic chief has also cut the manpower deputed for the project. Now only three deputy engineers will supervise the work.UIPLS project manager A S Deshmukh also admitted to the delay but held NMC responsible for it. He said corporation was to clear the patch for carrying out cement concretization. \"They failed to do so and hence we are lagging behind,\" he added. He also claimed the NMC was not regular in clearing bills.Meanwhile, NMC has stopped repairing the 29 roads to be concretized and they are severely damaged. These are very busy stretches, including Khamla to Orange City hospital square, Laxmi Nagar to Bajaj Nagar to Laxmi Bhuvan square, Munje square to Anand Talkies, entire Great Nag Road, Central Bazar Road from VNIT to Lokmat Bhavan to Humpyard road, Sawarkar Nagar square to Ajni Square to Chuna Bhatti Road to Ajni RoB, Ram Nagar to Ravi Nagar square etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16873396", "title": "Falling vote share a matter of concern for BJP", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The BJP will go into the assembly elections in December with the confidence of having won a majority of the elections held in the state since 2007, whether it is panchayats, local bodies or other by-elections, with the odd aberration. The party's main concern,however, will be its falling vote share.In 2007, the BJP swept the assembly polls with 117 seats with a vote share of 49.12%. In the 2009 Lok Sabha elections, however, it fell to 46.5% as against 43.4% of the Congress. While the BJP won 15 Lok Sabha seats, the Congress won only 11.A consolation for the Congress was the fact that it had made inroads into the BJP fortress in more ways than one. Of the 182 assembly segments in the Lok Sabha polls, BJP had won 106 while the Congress had increased its presence to 75, compared to the 59 seats it won two years earlier.But the state BJP workers are buoyed by results that the party has achieved in the local poll arena in the last three years. They point out that close to 70% of all the seats contested in the state after 2009 general elections have been won by the party.In terms of vote share, 2007 and 2009 elections were not very promising for the ruling party. Between 2002 and 2007, BJP's assembly seats dropped from 127 to 117 and vote share from 49.8% to 49.1%.The scene changed for the better for the BJP after 2009. From 2010 to mid-2012, state witnessed contests in district panchayats, taluka panchayats, municipal bodies and municipal corporations, and by-polls for assembly constituencies. With the odd exception, the ruling party managed to decimate the Congress everywhere.Congress workers, on the other hand, say the results of the 2009 Lok Sabha elections were reflected in Mansa byelection in March 2012. Congress candidate Babusinh Thakor won the seat by a margin of 8,188 votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16872553", "title": "IG takes stock of fest \u2018bandobast\u2019 in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: In a late night meeting convened by Inspector General Zone G L Meena on Wednesday, city police were instructed not to sit back for even a moment during the festive season in order to prevent anti-social elements from playing foul.To review preparation of the city police, the IG convened a meeting of all circle officers and police station those in charge of city areas at his office around midnight.Alerting the cops, the IG said there was surely no specific input regarding any terror activity in the city and surrounding region, but in view of attacks over the past five years police cannot relax on this front.He said that it would be an acid test for police in the coming month over which all major festivals including Durga Puja, Dussehra, Bakrid and Diwali are falling.The IG, not satisfied with the utilisation of police force available at all police stations, sought duty charts. He said more than sufficient policemen were available at all the police station but proper deployment was not being ensured.This was the reason for incidents like in the one that took place in Bhelupur in which a trader and his servant were shot in a loot bid taking place, besides other criminal activities, said the IG.He added that police in the highly sensitive city should be all the more alert on the day of Saptami (sevenh day of Navratra) when lakhs of people be out to enjoy fairs during the festival. He said it would be a likely time for criminals to try their hands at chain snatching, pick pocketing and eve teasing.The IG asked officials to prepare a foolproof plan for keeping such elements in check in places of public gathering. He also reviewed exercises like peace committee meetings at police stations. After the meeting some changes were also made in the circle offices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16872297", "title": "Mining dependants to hold morcha in Ponda on October 31", "text": "PONDA: Truckers and those depending on mining resolved to hold a morcha in the capital city and petition chief minister Manohar Parrikar on October 31.The decision was taken at a meeting of mining dependants held at Vishweshwar Laad higher secondary school Piliyem-Dharbandora on Thursday. It was also decided to constitute a state level committee 'Mining bachao samiti' (save mining committee).Dharbandora taluka truck owners' association ( DTTOA) president Balaji Gawas said the morcha will be peaceful and all people dependant on mining from across the state would participate in it. The morcha would be concluded after presenting a memorandum to the CM.Several truck owners including Surya Naik (Rivona-Quepem), Prasad Phaldesai (Quepem), Shivaji Naik (Maina-Navelim-Bicholim), Devanand Parab (Pissurlem-Sattari), Brahmanand Desai (Sanquelim) spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16872244", "title": "Govt action against Ashok Khemka on anvil", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana government is preparing ground for action against whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka, who had cancelled the mutation of Robert Vadra-DLF land deal on October 15 based on a letter by director general of town and country planning department T C Gupta. This letter was submitted to chief secretary P K Chaudhery on Wednesday.It's another matter that with continuous transfers of the whistleblower IAS officer, the Haryana government may be violating its own rules framed in 2010. In a notification on October 13, 2010, the government had fixed minimum tenure of posting of IAS officers holding various assignments, including director general, as two years. No minimum period was fixed for the chief secretary.Chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda had said on Tuesday \u2014 a day after the lid on the Vadra-DLF land deal was blown by Khemka \u2014 that action will be taken if Khemka is proved to have \"misrepresented facts\". Sources say that Gupta's letter is an attempt to prove that Khemka \"misrepresented facts\".Gupta's letter listed out \"factual inaccuracies\" in Khemka's order, cancelling the mutation of the 3.53 acre land in favour of DLF.In his letter, Gupta also suggested that action should be taken against Khemka, who has levelled \"unfounded\" allegations against the functioning of the town and country planning department.The Haryana government has formed a three-member committee headed by additional chief secretary (revenue) Krishna Mohan to probe the matter. Gupta also requested the chief secretary to refer his communication to the probe committee.In his October 15 order, Khemka had cancelled the mutation of 3.53 acre land which Vadra had sold to DLF Universal for Rs 58 crore, raising serious objections on the renewal of change of land use licence after payment of over 86% of the total amount of the deal to Vadra's company by the DLF.\"If the probe committee comes to the conclusion that this (town and country planning) department has acted in accordance with the rules while granting LOI (letter of intent)/ licence to Sky Light Hospitality (Vadra's company)... action should be taken against the officer who has levelled unfounded allegations against the working of the department, which has demoralizing effect on other officers. It is reiterated that all permissions or transfers were granted strictly in accordance with the law,\" Gupta said in the letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "16872352", "title": "Absu urges govt to review 50% cut-off in secondary TET", "text": "Kokrajhar: The All Bodo Students Union (Absu) on Thursday urged the state government to review the 50 per cent cut-off in the secondary TET examination to be held in February 2013 for tribal candidates and also demanded five per cent relaxation in the total percentage.In a press release, Absu general secretary Jiron Basumatary and education secretary Romeo P Narzary said: \"We are not against the TET examination, but it seems unjustifiable on the ground that the norms for TET have been formulated without proper assessment of the previous rules of the state.\"They said the 50 per cent cutoff criteria for TET which is compulsory for all should be reviewed as per earlier rules of the state government considering the socio-economic issues and unemployment problem of the state. They also said the government should consider all B.Ed qualified candidates eligible for TET as per the rules that prevailed earlier.They also said the state government should reconsider the provision of five per cent relaxation in the total percentage required for TET for candidates belonging to ST/SC/OBC besides making liberal provisions for PG candidates. They added the government should consider those candidates who have got admission or completed B.Ed as qualified for TET.The release also said there are many teacher trainees who have qualified B.Ed with such norms but are facing a new problem with the recent notification for TET published by the Govt. of Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mirzapur (up)", "code": "16875366", "title": "Coach of Delhi-bound Neelanchal Express derails, traffic disrupted", "text": "MIRZAPUR (UP): A coach of the Delhi-bound Neelanchal Express derailed near Mirzapur railway station on Friday, disrupting rail traffic on the Delhi-Howrah route.A coach next to the engine of the train derailed at the outer signal of the railway station.No injury was reported in the derailment, police said.Movement of trains has resumed from the down line while efforts were being made to clear the up line as well, railway officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16874652", "title": "Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor's privacy breached", "text": "It's been a hectic week packed with wedding revelries for Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor . However, that didn't stop Saif from behaving like his old self, at least on one occasion.On the night before Saif and Kareena's wedding on October 16, the Chote Nawab hosted a rather private bash for close friends and family at the couple's new pad in Satguru Sharan in Bandra. Turns out it wasn't as exclusive as he would have liked it to be.The paparazzi managed to sneak into the terrace of an underconstruction building adjacent to Satguru Sharan and happily clicked the goings on at Saifeena's party.Apparently, they even got pictures of Saif and Bebo kissing!Saif was terribly angry and upset with the security of that building for having been so lax as to let the shutterbugs get their way. He immediately went and complained to the concerned head of security and the secretary of the building and got the watchmen sacked for dereliction of duty.A source told TOI, \"Saif and Kareena's bash for close friends on the night of October 15 was a private affair. But when the paparazzi took pictures from the terrace of the adjacent building; something they managed to do after convincing the security personnel on duty to allow them access to the terrace, Saif was enraged. It was a breach of privacy.\"An insider told TOI, \"Before leaving for Pataudi, Saif ensured he took the issue to the concerned authorities. He complained to the secretary of the adjacent building that the watchmen had allowed press photographers to park themselves on the terrace so that pictures of their party could be taken. He insisted that the guards in question be sacked. And the building authorities complied.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16872304", "title": "Shillong gets India's first-ever glass mosque", "text": "SHILLONG: The Union minister of state for water resources and Lok Sabha member from Shillong, Vincent Pala inaugurated the first-ever glass mosque of the country in Shillong on Thursday. A 'get-together of communal harmony' was also held ahead of the Durga Puja in the city.The 120-feet Medina Mosque by the Umshyrpi stream will allow women to offer prayers and also house an orphanage and a library.\"The mosque will also be a tourist attraction,\" said legislator Syeedullah Nongrong, who is also president of the Shillong Muslim Union. \"The mosque will mark the unity of all religion,\" said Pala, even as he highlighted the \"uniqueness\" of the mosque and its \"spirit\".Amid recital from the Quran, the mosque, which is one of the biggest in the northeast and the first in the region to open its doors to women worshippers, stood glittering in daylight as well as night.Meanwhile, a 'get-together of communal harmony' was organized at the Gorkha Durga Mandir in the city. Addressing the get-together, governor Ranjit Shekhar Mushahary said the 'Sanatan dharma' was indeed a \"way of life that inspires to be one with the cosmic forces\".Quoting extensively from the Bhagavad Gita, the governor said, \"Lord Krishna had promised to salvage humanity, irrespective of caste, creed or religion. Sanatan dharma is part of the evolution and is 'anadi' (with no beginning) and 'apurush' (with no human founder).\"He added that the word 'dharma' was derived from 'Dhri', which means \"to hold together\" and therefore, does not allude to any particular religion. Quoting different religious texts, including Islam, Christianity and Buddhism, the governor said all faiths were based on compassion.The founder chief of the National Security Guard (NSG) and former director general of the Border Security Force (BSF), Mushahary also appealed to people to stop the practice of animal sacrifice and urged them to offer only flowers, leaves and live by \"purity of heart \" and \"sincerity of intention\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16872517", "title": "Spices trigger attraction to food, says expert", "text": "VARANASI: As a part of Mahamana Madan Mohan Malviya's 150th birth anniversary year celebrations, Institute of Agricultural Sciences, Banaras Hindu University , organised lectures by EVD Sastry, professor of spices, department of genetics and plant breeding, SKN College of Agriculture, Jobner, Rajasthan, on Thursday.Delivering the first lecture on 'Why spices are unique', Sastry said that spices add flavour to food which trigger attraction to it. Spices also add colour. Spices add flavour, pungency and colour and have antioxidant, antimicrobial, pharmaceutical and nutritional properties.Delivering another lecture on 'The pleasure of food', Sastry said that different types of food give specific pleasure. During the course of evolution, human beings started depending on cooked food.It is not known when and how cooking food started, but with certainty it can be said that with the ability to control fire and acquiring the skills of cooking food, several changes in the structure of human body were noticed.Cooked food, being easy to digest, triggered several changes in the intestinal systems. The length of the large intestine reduced. Slowly human beings became host to several microbes within the gut system. it is estimated that about 300 species of microbes thrive in human bodies, he said.Orientation course: The 15-day orientation course for research scholars and members of NGOs of Varanasi region organised by the Centre for Women's Studies and Development, BHU, will conclude on Friday. Coordinator Kiran Barman said that 57 students from different disciplines attended the course.Lectures: The DST Centre for Interdisciplinary Mathematical Sciences, BHU, has organised lectures by AK Agarwal, Centre for Advanced Mathematics, Panjab University, Chandigarh, on Friday and Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16874299", "title": "Bill Clinton accuses Romney of hiding truth about taxes", "text": "WASHINGTON: Campaigning in support of the incumbent Barack Obama, the former US President Bill Clinton accused Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney of concealing truth about raising taxes for the middle class.During an election rally in the battleground state of Ohio, the charismatic Democratic leader alleged that Romney is hiding the fact that he would have to raise middle class taxes to pay for his USD 5 trillion tax cuts favoring the wealthiest Americans.He also accused of hiding his tax returns, as well as hiding whether he opposed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, which helps women fight back when they don't get equal pay for equal work.His charges, however, were denied by the Romney campaign. \"I listened very carefully to the Vice Presidential debate and to the second Presidential debate, and Romney says, I'm going to do all of this, I'm going to just cut taxes for the middle class, I'm not interested in rich people, they'll pay the same percentage of tax they pay now.What does that mean? He thinks we're dumb,\" Clinton said.\"He's hiding everything. He doesn't want you to think about him. He wants you to think, oh this economy is terrible. \"I'm a jobs guy.\" And as President Obama said in the debate, if I brought you a deal to Bain Capital and I said, fund my new business, I'll give you the budget sometime in the future, just trust me on that - you wouldn't give me one red cent, and we should not give him one vote on that,\" he said.However, the Romney Campaign senior advisor Danny Diaz said that it was becoming increasingly clear that Obama's campaign which is devoid of a record to run on or any plan for a second term, is growing desperate.\"This election will determine our direction over the next four years, and Americans have a clear choice. They won't be distracted by the Obama campaign's reckless and unfounded attacks,\" Diaz said.Over the next three weeks, Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan will continue to communicate their plan to create 12 million new jobs with rising take-home pay and get the economy growing again.The Obama Campaign spokesman, Danny Kanner, said in Ohio Clinton powerfully articulated the progress the US is making under Obama.\"We have created 5.2 million private sector jobs over the last 31 months, the unemployment rate is at its lowest level since January 2009, consumer confidence is at a five year-high, and foreclosures are at a five-year low,\" he said.\"Since Romney and Ryan's tax plan would raise taxes on the middle class to pay for tax cuts for the wealthiest and independent economists agree their jobs 'plan' wouldn't create jobs, they're forced to attack what the President has said repeatedly: we have more work to do,\" he said.\"But, as President Clinton noted, we simply can't afford to go back to the same failed policies that brought our economy to the brink of collapse in the first place - and that's exactly what Mitt Romney's offering,\" Kanner added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16871728", "title": "Deceased commando\u2019s kin get Rs 15 lakh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state police officials handed over a cheque of Rs 15 lakh to the kin of a Chetak commando unit member, who died a year back in a road accident in Jamnagar.According to state police officials, Vikram Parmar, an armed constable with State Reserve Police (SRP) group XII, was sent to the commando unit under the state Anti-terrorists Squad (ATS) on probation in 2009.On Thursday, director general of police Chittranjan Singh met Parmar's wife and children at his office in Gandhinagar and handed over cheque of Rs 15 lakh under group insurance scheme taken by the state police department for the personnel. \"He worked as driver for the VVIP vehicles. He was heading towards a chief minister's event in Jamnagar on October 15, 2011, when met with an accident,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16873175", "title": "Youth kidnaps stepsister for ransom, arrested", "text": "INDORE: A debt ridden youth kidnapped his 12-year-old stepsister and demanded Rs 10 lakh from his father as ransom over phone on Wednesday night. However, police smartly handled the case and arrested the accused within few hours.Superintendent of Police (SP), West, Anil Kushwaha informed that police have arrested Rafique Khan, his wife Nishad Be and a relative (Bua) Nabobi. The accused kept the girl at the residence of Nabobi. Later police arrested one Sultan also who had lifted the girl and made the phone call for money.The accused Rafique Khan, son of Gani Khan is the resident of Purandas ki Bagiya in Manikbag Road. His father had married two women and Rafique, the accused and Yasmin, the victim are brother and sister.City SP, Juni Indore, Rajesh Sahay said that someone came to her home in the evening and told Yasmin, the victim, that her father was calling. She went to meet her father and did not return. After a long search, her family members reported the issue to Juni Indore police about missing of Yasmin.Later, Gani Khan received a call from landline number and the caller demanded Rs 10 lakh as ransom for the girl. Following the call, all senior police officials became active in search of the girl.Sahay further said that police found that the missing girl could not go outside of the house on strangers call, reading her behaviour. It means somebody in her relation had called her. Following the clue, police began picking relatives and interrogation, he said.Later, her brother Rafique succumbed to the pressure and confessed to his hands in the kidnapping and also informed that his wife Nishad Bee had played a crucial role in the entire incident. Getting detail from the accused about the whereabouts of the girl, police reached the house of one Nabobi and brought her.The CSP said that the entire kidnapping was planned by Nishad Bee as the couple were in debt. They were having a loan of Rs 6 to 7 lakh on them and wanted to rescue themselves with the ransom money. Later, police arrested one Sultan also who lifted the girl and carried to the place where she was kept. He had made the call also.Inspector general of police (IGP), Indore range, Anuradha Shankar has announced Rs 15,000 as a reward for the police team which played significant role and cracked the case within few hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16872302", "title": "Six CRPF personnel killed in Gaya Maoist attack", "text": "GAYA: Six CRPF men were killed and eight personnel, including a deputy commandant, were injured in landmine blasts and gunbattle between the cops and the Maoists that followed the explosions during an anti-Naxal operation near Barha village under the Dumaria police station in Gaya district on Thursday morning.Magadh range DIG N H Khan confirmed the casualty figure. All the nine injured personnel were shifted to Patna, said Khan.The slain cops were identified as sub-inspector Ramji Ram, constables Vikramaditya Yadav, Ashok Nirala, Rai Singh and Hanumant Singh and driver Lal Babu. Ten injured were airlifted to Patna, of whom two - Rai Singh and Hanumant Singh - were declared 'brought dead' at a hospital.The other injured people admitted to a private hospital in Patna are deputy commandant BK Singh, Sachin Patil, Kaushal Sharma, Manoj Kumar Rai, Aniruddh Bhai, Girish Kumar, Saifuddin Ali and Sudarshan Kumar.The cops moved into the red zone following information that hard core Naxals had assembled in the forest area on Bihar-Jharkhand border.As their anti-landmine vehicle entered the rough terrain hitherto dominated by the Maoists, a series of powerful landmine blasts greeted the cops and blew up the vehicle. The landmine blasts gave little chance to the police forces to make an immediate response. The blasts were followed by a gunbattle between the cops and the extremists, which ended in the afternoon.Additional forces have been rushed to the area. IG operations Amit Kumar , Magadh range DIG N H Khan and Gaya SSP Vinay Kumar were monitoring the operation jointly launched by the CRPF, STF and district police.Owning the blasts, Maoist spokesperson Paramjit told TOI that the blasts were engineered to deter the police forces from continuing 'Operation Green hunt' against the Maoists. The Maoists have code named their offensive as 'Operation Green Hunt Break'.The Maoist leader alleged the police forces had killed six innocent Mahadalits in fake encounters in the Sherghati subdivision in Gaya district ever since the launch of 'Operation Green Hunt' and indulged in custodial killing of Maoist leaders, including Nathun Kahar.The charge has already been denied by CPF DIG Umesh Kumar. \"We suffered no loss during the Thursday operation,\" claimed Paramjit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16872554", "title": "Routine immunisation coverage reports increase of 4% in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 4% increase in state's routine immunisation coverage has been reported. As per government estimates, around 40% children in the state are immunised against six vaccine preventable diseases. Talking to reporters about the achievement, health and family welfare minister Ahmed Hasan said that achievement is encouraging, but there is a long way to go. He appreciated the volunteers working for the cause of routine immunisation and urged them to continue with their efforts.This is seen as one of the chief reasons for high infant and child mortality rates. Therefore, the state government has decided to run a campaign to promote routine immunisation, the way they did it for polio eradication. The ministry of health too dedicated 2012 as the year of immunisation.In another development, the government has decided to open 100 urban health posts in 35 districts of the state. In this regard, the health minister informed that these health posts would come up in slums and localities dominated by dalits and Muslims.The purpose of these health posts is to prevent the spread of disease at the initial stages. Health officials informed that medicines will also be distributed through these posts. Funds for these health posts were sanctioned under National Rural Health Mission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16872134", "title": "India has the most MDR TB patients", "text": "NEW DELHI: India was home to the highest number of tuberculosis patients, who have become resistant to the most effective drugs available.In a shocking disclosure, the World Health Organization (WHO) on Thursday said that while India was home to 73,000 patients with multi-drug resistant TB (MDR TB), the Union health ministry notified just 2% of these cases as being resistant to available drugs, tremendously increasing risk of the deadly air-borne disease from spreading in the population. What's worse, just about 1.6% of these MDR TB patients were enrolled for treatment.Around 60% of the 3.1 lakh MDR TB cases were from only three countries - India, China and Russia .The WHO's Global tuberculosis report, 2012, says that of the 73,000 estimated MDR TB patients living in India, only 1,660 cases were notified and 1,136 cases were put on treatment.At present, less than 5% of the estimated global burden of MDR TB patients are being detected, lack of laboratory capacity and slow technology transfer to resource-limited settings being a crucial barrier. The number of MDR-TB cases notified in the 27 high MDR-TB burden countries of which India stands prominent, doubled between 2009 and 2011, and reached about 60,000 worldwide.This is only one in five (19%) of the MDR-TB cases estimated to exist among notified TB patients.In India and China, which have the highest number of estimated cases, the figure is less than one in 10. According to the new estimates, globally, it is estimated that 3.3% of all new TB cases had MDR-TB in 2009. Each year, about 4.4 lakh MDR-TB cases are estimated to emerge, and 1.5 lakh MDR-TB patients die. \"Of the estimated 2.5 lakh MDR-TB cases expected to occur among all TB patients notified in 2009 in the high MDR-TB burden countries, 24,511 were reported to have been enrolled on treatment,\" said the report.The target treatment success rate of 75% or higher for patients with MDR-TB were reached by only 30 of the 107 countries that reported treatment outcomes.The number of new drug resistance surveys under way or planned increased from one (2008) to 10 (2011), while the number of countries with representative drug resistance data rose from 19 to 22. The number of high MDR-TB burden countries able to report high-quality continuous surveillance data has increased from four (2008) to eight (2010).Also, 69 countries, including India, have reported at least one case of extensively drug resistant TB (XDR-TB) by the end of 2010). There are an estimated 25,000 cases of XDR-TB emerging every year.Drug-resistant TB emerges as a result of treatment mismanagement, and is passed from person to person in the same way as drug-sensitive TB. MDR-TB is caused by bacteria that are resistant to the most effective anti-TB drugs (isoniazid and rifampicin). MDR-TB results from either primary infection or may develop in the course of a patient's treatment.XDR-TB is on the other hand a form of TB caused by bacteria that are resistant to isoniazid and rifampicin as well as any fluoroquinolone and any of the second-line anti-TB injectable drugs (amikacin, kanamycin or capreomycin).These forms of TB do not respond to the standard six month treatment with first-line anti-TB drugs and can take two years or more to treat with drugs that are less potent, more toxic and much more expensive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16872571", "title": "Allahabad High Court to news channel: Give details of anomalies in Zakir Hussain Trust", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Thursday issued a notice to a television news channel to produce documents and records about alleged anomalies in the functioning of an NGO - Dr Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust - run by Union law minister Salman Khurshid and his wife Louise. The HC asked the TV channel to furnish all records in its possession directly or indirectly related to the case. The next hearing is on October 30.\"In the premises when all allegations and averments made in the PIL appear to be based on news items as telecast by Aaj Tak and further that there is also an allegation that the channel is behind filing of the instant PIL, we would like to issue notice,\" said a division bench comprising Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice Satish Chandra. They were hearing the PIL which sought direction for the UP government to lodge FIR against alleged anomalies that deprived the handicapped.Additional solicitor general Vivek Tankha raised preliminary objections to the maintainability of the PIL. The petitioner had not probed or done homework before filing the PIL, he said. In almost all paragraphs of the PIL, the petitioner referred to news items telecast by the channel. So, it appears to be a proxy petition at the behest of the news channel, said Tankha.In the entire petition, one or other public functionary was referred to by name, which prima facie gave an impression that the news items were only designed to malign and scandalise them. The central and state governments are conducting fact-finding inquiries. So, there was no occasion for the petitioner to rush and file the PIL without collecting relevant material, if any, in support of her pleadings, Tankha said.The PIL filed by Nutan Thakur demanded probe into alleged anomalies monitored by the court. The allegations were based on those aired by the news channel which claimed the trust owned and controlled by Khurshid and his wife misappropriated about Rs 71.5 lakh fund obtained by producing fake documents in 2009-10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16870937", "title": "Kochi Metro board to meet today", "text": "KOCHI: The second meeting of board of directors of Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) will be held in Kochi on Friday. The meeting assumes significance as Kerala government had issued directives to board members representing the state to support the claims of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) to execute the project.The government announced its stance following the row over DMRC's involvement in project execution. As per Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) guidelines, the contract cannot be given to DMRC since it was the project consultant. Countering the argument, DMRC principal advisor E Sreedharan had said that norm was not applicable since the deal was between two government agencies.After reviewing the detailed project report (DPR), KMRL had stated that more land is needed for the project. DMRC's DPR had overlooked the sharp curves on metro's path. The metro authority is yet to provide details of the land required to correct this problem. Friday's meet is expected to clarify this aspect as well as the technology that would be brought in for the project.Kochi: Amid high expectations, the second meeting of board of directors of Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) will be held at the metro authority's office on Friday. The meeting assumes significance as Kerala government had issued directions to members representing the state to support the claims of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) in executing the project.The government announced its stance following the row over DMRC's involvement in project execution. Critics had pointed out that Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) guidelines prevented awarding the contract to the agency which was a consultant to the project. Countering the argument, DMRC principal advisor E Sreedharan said that norm was not applicable as deal was between two government agencies.After reviewing the detailed project report (DPR) KMRL had stated that more land would have to be acquired to complete the project. The DPR prepared by DMRC overlooked sharp curves on metro's path. The metro authority is yet to ascertain details of the land that has to be acquired to straighten these bends. It is expected that the board will provide clarification on this aspect as well as the technology that would be brought in for the project. Earlier, the directors had said that they would opt for a fourth generation technology.In their first meeting, the directors had constituted a sub-committee to determine the powers of managing director of KMRL. The board of directors will announce a final decision after analysing the observations made by the committee.Major issues that will be discussed in the meeting1.Technology: The board will consider bringing in communication based technology that will support driverless trains in future. Instead of overhead traction system, the plain is to install third rail system. There is a proposal to increase the width and length of the coaches.2.Delegation of power to managing director3.Project implementation4.Details of more land that has to be acquired for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16872190", "title": "Congress frowns upon Salman Khurshid's comments", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Thursday seemed to frown upon Union law minister Salman Khurshid for his comments on anti-graft crusader Arvind Kejriwal widely interpreted as threats.AICC general secretary Janardan Dwivedi, asked about the controversial comments made by Khurshid, said, \"Everyone should choose words carefully.\"The comment came in the backdrop of Khurshid telling supporters that he would work with \"pen as well as blood\" amid show of protest against the charges of corruption against his NGO.The minister also retaliated to Kejriwal's threat of leading protests in his constituency, saying, \"Let them come and visit Farrukhabad. But let him also return from Farrukhabad.\"While the comments were viewed as threat to the anti-graft activist, they drew protests from the Opposition which dubbed it the language of ruffians.Khurshid has been smarting under reports of corruption in his NGO that is engaged in giving implements and aids to differently-abled people. The law minister has denied allegations and also moved court but there have been a spate of reports about ghost beneficiaries.The minister was speaking to a group of supporters who turned up in a show of solidarity to his residence when he made the controversial remarks sparking off a furore and escalating his feud with the anti-corruption movement.Even Opposition and the civil society erupted in indignation saying that minister's rhetoric was unbecoming of a senior political leader, Congress maintained a posture of aloofness.Khurshid earlier lost his cool and entered into a slanging match with journalists at a press conference he called on Sunday to clarify the charges against his NGO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16872745", "title": "Madras masters and other greats on show", "text": "CHENNAI: Behind a large ochre-and-brown batik work is a sticker that says 'Rs 75'. The work, by self-taught artist K Ramanujam, who died in 1973, is now worth at least 10,000 times that. The piece is one of the 20 works of modern masters, including MF Husain, J Swaminathan, FN Souza, AP Santhanaraj, L Munnuwamy and Laxma Goud, on show at Ashvita art gallery till November 8.\"These are rare works, not often displayed in public, though they are well known. We wanted to juxtapose the Madras masters with the national greats to celebrate our 10th anniversary,\" says gallery director Ashvin Rajagopalan. \"Some pieces belong to the gallery, while others are on loan from private collections across the country.\"Three sketches by FN Souza, the founder of the Progressive Artists' Group of Bombay, hang on one wall. The studies \u2014 from 1949, 1951 and 1983 \u2014 give a sense of his evolving style and simplicity of form, different from the flamboyant expressionist canvases one usually sees.An exquisite painting from J Swaminathan's well-known 'Bird and Mountain' series gets a wall to itself. It's as light as a feather yet resplendent in colour and stylistic in form. Swaminathan was not only a painter but also a curator and critic and his work has influenced many in the art world.Another work by Ramanujam that has Ashvin beaming with pride is a long black-and-white pen and ink work on paper. It is part of a mural that the artist was commissioned to do for a city hotel. As always, it features Ramanujam's fantasy world of angels, elephants, snakes, palaces, arches and pillars, and the artist himself with a cheery moustache and cowboy hat, right in the middle. \"He always put himself in his work as an observer of these fantastic festivities,\" says Rajagopalan.Sketches by Manjit Bawa, pretty watercolours by KH Ara, a canvas of Husain's horses, a frame from Raza's trademark Bindu series, a rare sculpture by Chennai artist C Douglas, a couple of canvases by the reclusive L Munuswamy of the Madras school and two works by Laxma Goud complete the exhibition of modern and Madras masters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16873168", "title": "Two bodies found in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Bodies of two men were recovered today in Indore district, the police said.The body of young man was found in a pond in Ambachandan village, near here, while an aged man's body was found on the roadside in Indore city, the police said.The youth's body was identified as Satish (25), who was missing from his home for the last two days, the police said.Satish had gone for a religious trip to Omkareshwar, but his body was floating in the pond at his village in Ambachandan, the police said.Kishanganj police station in-charge Raghu Prasad ruled out any possibility of murder, though the body was sent for postmortem.The second body was that of Kishore, a 60-year-old man, found at a mill in Pardeshipura area early morning. The body has been sent for postmortem, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871967", "title": "Neiphiu Rio wants emotional integration of Nagas", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nagaland Chief Minister Neiphiu Rio said if physical integration of contiguous Naga-inhabited territories is not possible, there should at least be emotional integration to resolve the Naga insurgency.He was here leading a delegation of Nalgaland MLAs to urge the Centre to resolve the Naga insurgency, often dubbed as the mother of all insurgencies.Rio told TOI, \"The Indian Constitution permits redrawing state boundaries for integration of Nagas. If that does not happen, there could be emotional integration of Naga people.\"Perhaps, Rio has in mind a body that unites the Nagas irrespective of which state they live while thinking aloud of an emotional integration. Already, there is the Naga Ho Ho, an apex tribal council where various Naga tribes are represented. Last month, a Naga Ho Ho delegation met various political leaders here for a peaceful solution. While working out a solution, the government could mull institutionalizing the Naga Ho Ho, said a source drawing an analogy with the SGPC that unites Sikhs in matters of religion.Peace talks began with the NSCN (IM) 15 years ago. In the last two years, interlocutors led by 1972 batch IAS officer R S Pandey could impress upon the rebel leaders that though the Constitution allows redrawing state boundaries for Naga integration, it is fraught with practical problems. Also, India won't agree to \"secession of an inch of its territory\". There are indications that the rebels have understood India's imperatives.For an \"honourable settlement\" of the issue, the Centre can concede certain special rights in governance and development relating to Naga identity, culture, land and autonomy, said a source. The Centre is also mulling autonomous councils in Naga inhabited areas in Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh like those for Bodos in Assam or Gorkhas in West Bengal, said a source.For this, skilful negotiation in a short time between the Centre, concerned states, interlocutors and the Nagas is required for a win-win solution acceptable to all. \"The solution should be inclusive,\" said Rio.He insisted this is the most opportune time for the Indian government to resolve the \"Naga political issue\". \"The people of Nagaland want peace. They are fed up with extortion and illegal activities. The Naga nationalist underground groups have never come as close to the state and central government as now,\" he said. Leader of Naga insurgent group NSCN (IM), Th Muivah, too, is ready for settlement.Rio said this was the most \"opportune time\" for the Centre to come up with a permanent solution to the 65-year-old struggle. \"If this opportunity is missed, I don't know whether we will get such a chance in our lifetime,\" said Rio.For an embattled UPA government suffering from policy paralysis, it seems to be an uphill task.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12248614", "title": "Rajkumar\u2019s production company", "text": "Singanalluru Puttaswamayya Muthuraju, more popularly known as Rajkumar, has acted in more than 220 films.Known as the Emperor of acting, he produced films under the banner of Dakshayani Combines, and also owned a film production company, Vajreshwari Production. He was also a noted singer and a recipient of several awards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16871935", "title": "Dasara fervour grips Dharwad and Hubli", "text": "DHARWAD: It is celebration time for people in the twin cities of Dharwad and Hubli. With the weather turning slowly chilly by the evening, it ambience is just right for Dasar outings. Families are flocking various venues that have been set up to dish out memorable Navaratri festivities this year.Several cultural and religious programmes are being organised at various locations in the twin cities. Youngsters are having fun time with schools and colleges declaring Dasara holidays.The annual nine-day fair at Laxminarayan temple in Ravivar Pet of Dharwad which began on Tuesday is attracting large crowd not only from the city but also from surrounding villages. Venkateshwar temple in Saraswatpur and Laxmi temple in Manakilla are also organising several religious and cultural programmes.Taking a cue from Mysore Dasara Jamboo Savari, Dharwad will have its own Savaris on October 22 and 23. Preceding the Jamboo Sawari, the organising committees are planning various programmes from October 12 to 24. The events are being held at four venues \u2014 Eshwar Temple at Gandhinagar, Kadapa Maidan, Michigan compound in Saptapur and Karnatak Vidyavardhakha Sangha (KVS) in Dharwad, from 6 pm to 10 pm every day.Competitions will be organised for children and women on the occasion. For the first time, 'Children's Dasara' would be held at KVV Sangha. Women can take part in cooking, rangoli, drawing and musical chair competitions. Also, a saree fashion show is on the cards. A wrestling competition will be held at Kadapa Maidan from October 21 to 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16872995", "title": "Thayil beats Hilary Mantel on bestseller lists in home state", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Jeet Thayil is way ahead of Hilary Mantel at least in Thiruvananthapuram. Though British novelist Hilary Mantel created history by becoming the first woman to become a two-time winner of the Man Booker Prize, most of the bibliophiles in the city still prefer Kerala-born writer Jeet Thayil's first novel 'Narcopolis'. Thayil's Booker-shortlisted fiction has become an instant hit among the readers in the city.\"To be frank , I really wanted Thayil to win. Among the Malayali writers in English, Jeet Thayil has created a new era of fiction writing. The author of 'Narcopolis' has never bothered what the mummy-pappa, uncle-aunty of the society will think about him after reading the book. About Mantel's 'Bring Up The Bodies' I do not have anything to say,\" said Ravi Muttukonad, a retired government employee and a book buff. N E Chithrasenan, manager of Modern Book Centre says the sales of Thayil's book had shot up soon after he was shortlisted for the coveted award, but very few went for Mantel's.\"More than 100 copies of 'Narcopolis' were sold out in our shop itself soon after the final list of Booker Prize nominees were announced. Till date, we have only sold two copies of 'Bring up the Bodies'. The sale might increase in the coming days,\" said Chithrasenan.The DC Books store in the city too tells a similar story. \"The high sales rate of 'Narcopolis' shows that Malayalis had considered it as a serious contender to win the prize. Getting shortlisted to the Booker showed a significant rise in the sales of this book. We hope that readers will now buy the Booker Prize winning book too,\" said Praveen, a staff of DC Books.\"I had read her novel 'Wolf Hall' that fetched her the Booker in 2009. Now, I have to buy a copy of 'Bring Up The Bodies' and read it,\" said Meenakshi, a college student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16872099", "title": "Two killed in accident near Kamshet", "text": "PUNE: Drivers of two containers were killed on the spot when their vehicles collided on the old Pune-Mumbai highway near Kamshet on early Thursday morning. The incident threw traffic out of gear for nearly one-and-a-half hours.The deceased are Audumer Chavan (24) of Solapur and Sanjay Pawar (40) of Satara.According to the Pune rural police, the container heading to Mumbai from Pune ran over a divider and collided head on with the other container that was coming toward Pune from Lonavla around 3.15am. The cleaner, identified as one Pawar, sustained injuries. Sub inspector Pradeep Suryavanshi of the Kamshet police said cranes had to be used to separate the vehicles and remove the bodies stuck inside. tnnVehicular traffic on the busy highway was later brought back to normalcy, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16870980", "title": "6 CRPF personnel killed in Gaya Maoist attack", "text": "GAYA: Six CRPF men were killed and eight personnel, including a deputy commandant, were injured in landmine blasts and gunbattle between the cops and the Maoists that followed the explosions during an anti-Naxal operation near Barha village under the Dumaria police station in Gaya district on Thursday morning.Magadh range DIG N H Khan confirmed the casualty figure. All the nine injured personnel were shifted to Patna, said Khan.The slain cops were identified as sub-inspector Ramji Ram, constables Vikramaditya Yadav, Ashok Nirala, Rai Singh and Hanumant Singh and driver Lal Babu. Ten injured were airlifted to Patna, of whom two - Rai Singh and Hanumant Singh - were declared 'brought dead' at a hospital.The other injured people admitted to a private hospital in Patna are deputy commandant BK Singh, Sachin Patil, Kaushal Sharma, Manoj Kumar Rai, Aniruddh Bhai, Girish Kumar, Saifuddin Ali and Sudarshan Kumar.The cops moved into the red zone following information that hard core Naxals had assembled in the forest area on Bihar-Jharkhand border.As their anti-landmine vehicle entered the rough terrain hitherto dominated by the Maoists, a series of powerful landmine blasts greeted the cops and blew up the vehicle. The landmine blasts gave little chance to the police forces to make an immediate response. The blasts were followed by a gunbattle between the cops and the extremists, which ended in the afternoon.Additional forces have been rushed to the area. IG operations Amit Kumar, Magadh range DIG N H Khan and Gaya SSP Vinay Kumar were monitoring the operation jointly launched by the CRPF, STF and district police.Owning the blasts, Maoist spokesperson Paramjit told TOI that the blasts were engineered to deter the police forces from continuing 'Operation Green hunt' against the Maoists. The Maoists have code named their offensive as 'Operation Green Hunt Break'.The Maoist leader alleged the police forces had killed six innocent Mahadalits in fake encounters in the Sherghati subdivision in Gaya district ever since the launch of 'Operation Green Hunt' and indulged in custodial killing of Maoist leaders, including Nathun Kahar.The charge has already been denied by CPF DIG Umesh Kumar. \"We suffered no loss during the Thursday operation,\" claimed Paramjit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16870637", "title": "Saina Nehwal survives slow start in Denmark Open", "text": "HYDERABAD: Pushed into the corner by a rising star from the Land of the Rising Sun, Saina Nehwal raised her game several notches to reel off 11 straight winners to stamp her authority on the second round match against Minatsu Mitani in the Yonex Denmark Open. The Indian ace went on to win the match 21-15, 21-14 to enter the quarterfinals.Down 10-14 against the world No. 28 Japanese, Saina shrugged off her sluggishness and launched a fierce attack. In the process, the Indian showed how dangerous she can be when she goes for an all-out attack.Saina tempered down in the second game but kept control of the match. Though Minatsu secured 14 points in the second game, she never again troubled Saina. The Indian opened up a 4-0 lead and easily outplayed Minatsu. With six smashes and six net drops, Saina looked comfortable throughout the tie. Only last month, Minatsu had stunned former all England and Asian champion, Shixian Wang.Meanwhile, Sourabh Varma, who stunned Denmark legend Peter Gade in the first round on Wednesday, crashed out of the tournament, losing to Sony Dwi Kuncoro of Indonesia in the second round. Ranked 23 in the world, Kuncoro took 44 minutes to get past the 32nd ranked Indian.Notwithstanding this defeat, Varma's triumph against Gade on Wednesday will give him loads of confidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16871471", "title": "CB to probe attack on BJD leader in Pipili", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Orissa high court on Thursday ordered a Crime Branch probe into the attack on BJD leader and Pipili block chairman Yudhistir Swain in May. Swain was shot at and injured in front of the party office at Pipili on May 21.Though the local police had since arrested seven men in connection with the attack, Swain recently moved the high court alleging that the police were not arresting the prime accused.Pipili inspector Ratnakar Mallick, who was present during hearing of the case on Thursday, confirmed the development. \"The case will hereafter be investigated by the Crime Branch,\" Mallick said. But he denied the allegation of police inaction.In his FIR, Swain had then accused the Congress of engineering the attack on him. \"The accused included son and nephew of ex-Congress MLA of Pipili Yudhistir Samantaray. But police are not arresting them,\" Swain said. Police, based on his complaint, had registered cases against the Samantaray's son and nephew. But they were not arrested.Samantaray, popularly known as Kedar Samantaray, refuted the charges. \"Since BJD is in power, it is falsely trying to implicate me and my family in the case. I am ready to cooperate with police in the investigation,\" Samantaray told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16873156", "title": "Ajmer in Congress\u2019s grand \u2018scheme of things\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: The state's Congress government is leaving no stone unturned to make Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi's scheduled visit to Dudu on October 20 a historic event.For the second time in the past six days, chief minister Ashok Gehlot, along with top government officials, went to Dudu on Thursday to review the preparations. UDH minister Shanti Dhariwal and Congress state president Chandrabhan too visited Dudu for the second time.The prime minister and the UPA chairperson's Dudu visit would be yet another high profile launch of a national scheme from the Ajmer Lok Sabha constituency represented by Union IT minister Sachin Pilot. Singh and Sonia would be re-launching the Aadhaar card (or the unique identification card) to integrate welfare schemes like the rural employment guarantee, pensions and state scholarships for the socially disadvantaged and cash subsidies.The UPA-II led by Prime Minister Singh as well as the state's Congress government, which too is serving a second term under chief minister Gehlot, are expecting to reap poll benefits with the re-launch at Dudu.The Ajmer Lok Sabha constituency was chosen when the country's progress in adopting latest technologies in rural governance was showcased. People from a remote village in the constituency got opportunity to interact through video-conferen- cing with US President Barack Obama in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16870837", "title": "\u2018New robot to precisely treat cancer tumours\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Treatment of tumours\u2014both cancerous and others\u2014is going to be a lot easier now with robots at work. BLK Super-Specialty Hospital in the city has introduced a robotic system known as cyberknife. Doctors at the hospital claimed on Thursday that with this technology, high doses of radio therapy can be administered with pinpoint accuracy. The exposure of healthy tissues and healthy organs to radiation is also much reduced, claim doctors.According to Dr S Hukku, director of radiation oncology at the hospital, the robotic system can be used to treat tumour in the prostate, lungs, brain, spine, liver, pancreas and kidneys among others.\"The new technology is more accurate. It continuously tracks patient movement and confirms tumour location prior to beam delivery, which efficiently and effectively addresses the challenge of treating the most surgically complex tumours, including those that move with respiration, such as tumours in the lungs and the pancreas,\" he said.He added that the inoperable lesions such as lesions of involving the spine, lung or pancreas can be treated too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16872238", "title": "400-year-old Durga puja stands still in time", "text": "GUWAHATI: Times have changed and the charm and influence of royal families is on the wane, but the Gauripur Rajbari of Dhubri district is trying to keep alive its once-splendid Durga Puja celebrations with complete adherence to its unique traditions and rituals.Consecrated sometime in the 1600s, the puja in Gauripur is probably the oldest in Assam. And even as pujas across the state are out on a limb to dazzle pandal-goers with themes, electrifying lighting and innovative decor, the descendents of the royal family of Gauripur are trying their best to stick to tradition.\"During the heydays of the Gauripur Rajbari, both Hindus and Muslims used to work together to organize the puja and help perform rituals as well, but now that has changed. There have been some changes after the fall of the zamindar system, but we still make our best efforts to be true to tradition,\" explains Probir Baruah, one of the royal descendents.Besides consecrating the famous puja, the Gauripur royal family is also noted for its contribution to the culture of Assam. Pramathesh Barua, whom the country still remembers for his lead role in the 1935 Bengali film 'Devdas'; Pratima Pandey, the noted folk singer; Parboti Baruah, the first female elephant catcher and an expert in lassoing jumbos; Prakatish Baruah, noted elephant trapper and expert, were all members of the Gauripur lineage.But over time, people have forgotten the contribution of Gauri Rajbari to both culture and religion, prompting a need for their history to be retold. \"Our history dates back to the eighth century. Sometime in the 15{+t}{+h} century, Narahari Rai, one of our ancestors who was a minister at the royal court of Mithila, after an altercation with the Mithila king came to Kamrup and was instated as an administrator in the royal court of Cooch Behar,\" elaborated Probir.In 1620, Mughal emperor Jehangir gave the title of king to Kabi Shekhar, a descendent Narahari Rai, who was an ardent devotee of Goddess Durga, says Probir.According to a legend, one particular day while bathing in the river, Shekhar saw two suns in the sky and from one of them, a woman emerged and began to walk on the river. Shocked at the sight, Shekhar followed the strange woman and saw her riding a tiger near a cave. As she came out of the jungle, Shekhar laid himself on her path blocking the way. The woman kicked the king seven times and on the eight kick, he begged her to bless her. Pleased with him, the woman, who was none other than the goddess herself, told Shekhar she would stay at his palace from then on.Since then, the Gauripur Rajbari has been organizing Durga Puja every year. According to tradition, the ashtradhatu idol of the goddess is carried from the Rajbari to the famous Mahamaya Mandir in a procession accompanied by elephants and horses. A makeshift temple is made by the ghat where a 'kuhila' (a lightweight idol made from the leaves and stem of the 'kuhila' plant) idol of the goddess is and a the puja is performed on a boat.Around 20 elephants and 20 horses used to accompany the procession in earlier times. The rituals begin from Mahalaya and include the sacrifice of goats, ducks and gourds, besides 'hom' (holy fire) with mango firewood, and different type of 'bhoj' or feast. On Dashami, the procession travels from the temple to the rajbari, and the 'kuhila' idol is immersed in the river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16872798", "title": "Dengue: 200 under watch in Nagai", "text": "TRICHY: As many as 200 patients who contracted fever, suspected to be dengue, are being treated in the Nagappattinam government hospital. The number of such fever patients is on the rise in the coastal areas in Nagappattinam district despite the health department claiming to have taken all precautionary measures.Even though the health department says there is no dengue outbreak in the district, as many as 25 government doctors from neighbouring districts have been deputed at the Nagappattinam government hospital to handle fever cases from Akkaraipettai and Keechankuppam coastal villages.In Trichy, an exclusive ward has been set up at the Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Government Hospital (MGMGH) to isolate patients suffering from fever. The move has come following the rainy season and the increase in number of patients contracting dengue in the past few months.A doctor from MGMGH told TOI, \"Since the outbreak of dengue in all parts of Tamil Nadu, around 150 people from Trichy district have been treated for this fever and have recovered. Most of them hailed from border districts. As the rainy season starts, the incidence of fever goes up. The newly set up exclusive ward will be useful to separate them from others so that the disease can be prevented from spreading.\"In this newly set up ward, eight dengue patients are being treated. Moreover, four patients in the Intensive Medical Care Unit and three children in paediatric wards are undergoing treatment for dengue. All of them are from rural areas. Mosquito nets have been provided in all beds in the ward. On Thursday, Dr Indhumathi, deputy director of medical education, and Dr Amutha, joint director of public health, inspected the special ward for dengue in MGMGH. However, the officers refused to comment on the number of dengue cases in Trichy district. Mosquito net sales shoot up", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16872254", "title": "Challenge my decision in court if I am wrong: Ashok Khemka", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana's whistleblower IAS officer, Ashok Khemka, on Thursday dared his detractors to challenge his order on cancellation of Robert Vadra-DLF land deal in court.Immediately after his closed-door meeting with Haryana chief secretary PK Chaudhery on Thursday morning, Khemka said, \"As far as I am concerned, it (Vadra-DLF cancellation) is the final order. However, if the government or any aggrieved party thinks there's any legal infirmity, they can approach the high court with a writ petition under Article 226 of the Constitution.\"Khemka said that neither of the two parties, Vadra's Sky Light Hospitality and DLF, have lodged any protested, yet. He said he met chief secretary Chaudhery for about 50 minutes - the first after the recent controversy arising out of his order and his subsequent transfer from the post of director general of consolidation of land.\"The talk with the chief secretary is privileged communication. It cannot be disclosed to the media. I am satisfied with the meeting with the chief secretary,\" said Khemka.After being in constant spotlight since his transfer by the Haryana government and cancellation of the mutation of land sold by Vadra to DLF, Khemka reached the Haryana chief secretary's office amid large media presence.Khemka, who joined his new posting as managing director, Haryana Seeds Development Corporation on Wednesday, said the chief secretary told him that transfer is the prerogative of the state government and there was no mala fide intention. \"I fully accept what he (CS) said, said Khemka.Asked if he was unaware earlier that a transfer is government's prerogative, Khemka said: \"Earlier, I was not satisfied, which is why I wrote the letter.\" Khemka had written to the chief secretary on October 12, a day after he was transferred, registering his protest over the transfer.To a query on the letter written by director of Haryana's town and country planning department, Khemka said, \"It was a tactic to divert attention from the real issue. It's like a red herring. If TC Gupta feels that my order is wrong, he should got to the high court for lawful remedy,\" added Khemka.In his order of October 15, just before he relinquished charge of the department of consolidation of land, Khemka had said, \"It's not known what made the town and country planning department renew the letter of intent/license on January 18 in favour of the vendor (Vadra's firm Sky Light Hospitality, when 86.2% of the total sale consideration was paid to him by October 7, 2009, that is 15 months before the date of renewal of the LOI/license..\").", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "muktsar", "code": "16872283", "title": "Dalit girl kidnapped, raped in Punjab", "text": "MUKTSAR: A court on Thursday asked the police to investigate the alleged kidnapping and gangrape of a minor dalit girl of Muktsar district. The 13-year-old girl, a student of class VIII, was allegedly kidnapped from her village house, which falls in Lambi constituency, was gangraped for days before and after she was sold off twice.According to the complaint filed in the Malout sub-divisional court by the parents, the girl, a class 8th student, was kidnapped from her paternal uncle's house on June 4. However, when the police did not register a case despite repeated requests, the parents of the girl, who are farm labourers, were forced to file a complaint in the district court on July 23, 2012.The accused allegedly physically exploited her for over four-and-half-months before she managed to escape and fled from a village in Rajasthan and reached Malout on October 16. She and her parents appeared in the Malout court the same day and named Deepak Manga and Sonu as the accused, who kidnapped her and raped her, said victim's advocate Vikas Setia.As per the complaint, the girl was raped by her kidnappers and later they sold her off to a married man who took her to Bathinda where she was again was raped by different men. The complaint states that after some days she was again sold, this time to a man in Rajasthan, who also allegedly raped her.The complaint states that the girl managed to escape from the clutches of this man with the help of a woman and came back to Malout on October 16. Advocate Setia said that the girl only identified the three accused, who first kidnapped her, gangraped her and then sold her off.\"She does not know who the rest of the men were she was sold to or where exactly she was in Rajasthan,\" said Setia. He added the victim's parents were being pressurized by the accused to strike a compromise with them. Meanwhile, girl's medical examination was conducted on Thursday the report of which is awaited.A senior police officer said no arrests have been made in this case so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "16872053", "title": "Mutton, fish stalls to be shifted in Chikmagalur", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: The city municipality has decided to shift all mutton and fish stalls which have mushroomed in the city to the newly-constructed shopping complex built at a cost of Rs 1.30 crore at shandy maidan here.Inaugurating 42 shops built to house the mutton shops, higher education minister CT Ravi said that the shops which are on the outskirts of the city and come under the CMC limits, will not be disturbed. But the remaining shops on busy roads and residential areas will be shifted to the new complex.He said there is a scheme to provide 24x7 drinking water supply to the city and once the scheme is implemented, water meters will be installed in all houses and buildings.Ravi sought the co-operation of the citizens to make the city environment-friendly. Work has already started to provide underground drainage to all 35 wards in the city by utilizing Rs165 cr released by the government. An amount of Rs 65 cr will be spent on this project. The remaining amount will be utilized for providing roads to the new extensions and also to develop existing roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16872689", "title": "24 km of Agra's Inner Ring Road to be developed on PPP model", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Thursday said that 24 kilometres of Agra's Inner Ring Road will be developed on the public private partnership model and consultants be appointed through the request for qualification-cum-request for proposal process. Advising the Agra Development Authority to expedite the work, the consultancy evaluation committee, headed by infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta also stated that consultants for the project should be appointed within six months.Giving details of the tendering process, a government release said bids will be invited from Category-1 consultants empanelled by the Union ministry of road transport and highways, who have completed at least one similar project. The bidding parameter, the government has decided, will be lump-sum consultancy fee. Developing the Inner Ring Road is expected to ease the movement of tourists arriving into Agra using the Yamuna Expressway. In addition, it will also facilitate the movement of agricultural and industrial products to various bigger markets.Vice-chairman of Agra Development Authority, Lal Bihari Pande said that consultants will have to prepare an inception report, a detailed project report, a techno-economic feasibility report and bid documents for the selection of developer, among others. Consultant will also be responsible for the bidding process and selection of developer. Proposed to be 24.5 kilometres in length, the six-lane ring road, which is extendable to eight will start near Kuberpur on Kanpur Road (NH-2) joining Yamuna Expressway and will end at Rohta on Gwalior road (NH-3).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16873180", "title": "Now drive against surrogate ads to curb tobacco menace", "text": "INDORE: The drug wing of the food and drug administration department is gearing up to take action against tobacco companies promoting their products through surrogate advertisements.The drug wing is mulling the move after it noticed that smokeless tobacco manufacturing companies were putting advertisements of their products at various places including on city buses and no action has been taken against them. Senior drug inspector Ajay Thakur said, \"Several smokeless tobacco manufacturing are promoting their products through surrogate advertisements. We will take action against them within a week.\"Thakur said that the department is planning the drive under the Drugs and Magic Remedies Act (Objectionable Advertisement). \"We will also act on individual complaints if people approach us,\" he said.After six-months of effective ban on sale and use of tobacco and tobacco products, it has seldom acted as a deterrent in the state. Sale of tobacco products continues in a concealed manner due to a variety of reasons. Shortage of staff at the Food and Drug Department and awareness among the masses, smuggling of tobacco pouches from the neighbouring states and poor implementation of the ban by the government are playing a spoilsport, insiders say.After the implementation of ban on manufacturing and sale of gutkha, the food wing of the department had carried several raids in the district and seized and destroyed gutkha pouches. But officials said lack of effective guidelines and support of the police and the excise department was making it difficult to restrict selling of tobacco products. The department has so far declared 70 gutkha samples unsafe in its testing laboratory due to harmful magnesium carbonate and other similar ingredients.Manish Swami, a senior food safety officer, said, \"In the past six months, we have seized smokeless tobacco products worth Rs 6 lakhs. We have initiated legal action against 25 vendors in court.\"According to sources, the department is facing problems to impose an effective ban as there is no such ban in the neighboring state of Uttar Pradesh. \"Large quantities of Gutkha pouches are smuggled to the state from UP where more than 3,000 companies are running gutkha manufacturing business. Recently, 170 sacks of gutkha were seized,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16871996", "title": "Government officials warned against getting industry jobs for kin", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After drawing flak from different quarters, the state government has found the whiff of a job scam in the upcoming industrial projects, courtesy involvement of some officers.\"Instances have come to my notice that few self-interested officials are misusing their positions in getting some of their kith and kin employed in certain industrial units. I personally view this as a 'corrupt practice' on the part of those government officials,\" revenue divisional commissioner (central) Arabinda Padhee said in a letter addressed to 10 district collectors under his jurisdiction.\"A relative of a government officer is free to opt for a job on sheer merit through a fair selection process, but he should not aspire for the same through undue influence. It is quite obvious that industrial units are obliging such illegal extraneous pressures on the fear of their normal land acquisition, R &amp; R (rehabilitation and resettlement) or law and order activities affected,\" Padhee noted, blowing the lid off the unholy nexus between some government staff and corporate executives. Padhee asked the collectors to probe the appointments of relatives of government employees under the category of 'locals'. \"You are free to probe such instances at your level or through the vigilance organisation. I am also planning to make random inquiries,\" he told collectors.The RDC further said allegations had reached him about officers through 'benami' routes engaging vehicles on rentals in few industrial units. \"All such uncalled for practices are violative of the code of conduct or ethics meant for government officials,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16872916", "title": "Mayor raps Allahabad Municipal Corporation for bad roads near pandals", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Mayor Abhilasha Gupta on Thursday inspected the approach roads of the different Durga Puja pandals. She pulled up the Allahabad Municipal Corporation for failing to repair the damaged roads.During inspection of the Ram Barat Road of Beniganj, she found boulders and pebbles were found lying on the road. The patch works on the roads in Pushapanajal Nagar was also not completed. She inspected the large field where a large Durga Puja pandal is being set up. The roads in the area were full of potholes in Lukerganj, with no repair work visible.The members of the Durga Puja Committee told the mayor that neither roads have been repaired nor drains cleaned. Even the street lights are non-functional. Mayor directed AMC officials to undertake repair of the damaged roads and clean the drains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16872375", "title": "Deserter ZUF rebels 'rape' four schoolgirls in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: Four tribal schoolgirls were allegedly raped by two cadres of the underground Zeliangrong United Front (ZUF) who had defected in Manipur's Tamenglong district on October 5.The rapes were known after the girls came to Imphal and spoke to reporters at a conference on Wednesday. A senior ZUF leader said both the cadres had defected from the party and there was a price on their heads.One of the culprits shot himself with his gun in front of one of the victims inside the quarters of a chowkidar of the Manipur irrigation and flood control department office at Khoupum village in Tamenglong.The four Zeliangrong girls are students of classes VI-X. They were returning from school when they heard gunshots. They were afraid of being hit by stray bullets and took shelter in a nearby house, the girls told reporters.\"Minutes after the firing stopped, we came out of the house. Just then, the two cadres carrying guns shot at the ground near us. They dragged us inside the chowkidar's quarters,\" one of the girls said.The cadres locked two of the schoolgirls in the toilet and raped the other two, said a girl. Later, they dragged out the two girls from the toilet and raped them, too.After raping the girls, one of the cadres pointed his gun to his head and threatened to kill himself along with one of the victims. He then shot himself and the terrified girl managed to run out of the room.On hearing the gunshot, the other cadre rushed out and fled, the victims said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16871745", "title": "Culture curry stirred as art fest picks up steam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Ahmedabad International Arts Festival (AIAF), in its third edition is here and has gotten bigger with several events spread over three weekends. The city specific festival started back in 2010, when Ahmedabad became 600 years old and today, it continues to celebrate the changing face of the city's architectural marvels and cultural legacies.This year's theme, 'Making Sacred' is in sync with the need of the hour, believes Anupa Mehta, director of the festival. \"Through 19 diverse but thematic events spread over two weeks, AIAF urges us towards the need to reclaim, re-envisage and renew our lives,\" she says.The festival started last Sunday with the Fly! Project, a confluence of mix acoustic, electronic music and video with French artists Laurent de Wilde, Otisto 23 and Nico Ticot. In a first for the city, Amdavadis were treated to the best in jazz and experimental acoustic music from France.The coming days will see performances by Shubha Mudgal, an exhibition of limited edition serigraphs by the internationally acclaimed artist S H Raza, a unique exhibition of calligraphy and sacred art curated by Syed Salman Chisty and a display of sacred images and objects from the Kasturbhai Lalbhai collection. For the young Amdavadi, there will be heritage walks at Varso toy museum designed by Raheel Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16872252", "title": "Shahabuddin gets bail in abduction case", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Wednesday granted bail to former Siwan MP Mohd Shahabuddin in a case of abduction of Kamruddin, an independent candidate contesting 2005 assembly election.A single bench presided by Justice R K Mishra granted bail to Shahabuddin after defence counsel Yogesh Chandra Verma submitted that the investigation into the case had been kept pending since 2005 and the chargesheet was filed early this year.APP Shyameshwar Dayal opposed the bail petition on the ground that the charges were grave as, according to the FIR, Shahabuddin had earlier threatened Kamruddin with dire consequences if he contested election against the RJD candidate. He also submitted that abducted Kamruddin was kept in the house of Shahabuddin.The defence counsel submitted, two other abduction accused were acquitted by the trial court. Statements of three witnesses were recorded and they stated, Shahabuddin was not involved in the case.Basic schools: A division bench comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh on Wednesday directed the state government to give a report on the condition of basic schools in the state. The order was passed on a PIL of Awadhesh Kumar which submitted that the basic schools lacked amenities and infrastructure for providing proper education to children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "dudu/jaipur", "code": "16873214", "title": "Over 3,000 cops on duty in Dudu during VVIPs\u2019 visit", "text": "DUDU/JAIPUR: Over 3,000 policemen will be deployed for security when Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi re-launch the Aadhaar card scheme at a ground near SDM office building in Dudu on Saturday.The VVIPs are expected to arrive in Dudu around 11.45 am. After having lunch at Raj Bhawan, they are likely to leave for Delhi by 3 pm. Senior police officers said the security rehearsals are being carried out on regular intervals. Elaborate arrangements for parking and other facilities have also been made to manage an expected crowd of 1.5 lakh people. Chief minister Ashok Gehlot visited the venue along with officials on Thursday.Additional DGP, law and order, Navdeep Singh said that nearly 3,000 policemen will be deployed under the supervision of three IGs, four DIGs,12 SPs, 24 addl SPs and 70 inspectors besides the security for the PM and the UPA chairperson as per the protocol.He said participants in the function are requested not to carry any suspicious-looking items. \"Policemen will keep a close vigil. Any item which looks suspicious will be seized. The organisers have told us that they are expecting a crowd of 1.5 lakh people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16871877", "title": "Land, lies and videotape", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though farmer Gajanan Ghadge denies approaching India Against Corruption (IAC) for his land issue, a video evidence of his 'secret' meeting last week suggests otherwise. TOI is in possession of video captured by a hidden camera that reveals the discussion Ghadge had with IAC members.On October 12, the farmer's residence at Khursapar village near city became ground zero for an expose on how BJP national president Nitin Gadkari's business empire acquired land by easing through the bureaucratic red tape. Ghadge along with his farmer-cum-political activist friend Satish Munje met with five members of IAC to discuss the expose.Contrary to Ghadge's claim that IAC sought his help, the video clip shows the farmer explaining how he got Mayank Gandhi's number. \"I had Anna Hazare's number and he put me in touch with someone at IAC, who then connected me to Gandhi,\" says Ghadge in reply to a query by IAC's Preeti Sharma Menon.Four separate video clips in TOI's possession are of a total 20 minutes in duration while the entire video recording is much longer. In one of the clips, farmer Munje tells Damania how tough it was getting in touch with her. Munje says, \"a month ago I saw your interview on a news channel and have been trying to get in touch ever since. I called the channel's helpline who gave me some Salve's number. He then helped me get in touch with you finally.\"Reacting to the contents of the video footage, Damania told TOI that the lies now stand exposed. \"Those conversations make it very clear on who was seeking help. Last week, when I came to Nagpur my schedule was extremely busy but this guy pleaded for us to come and for that I even cancelled my evening flight,\" she said.The video also shows Ghadge calling Munje to his home for meeting. He says to Munje over phone to \"hurry up since they (IAC) have been waiting for the last half an hour\". Munje belongs to a nearby village Bela and in the meeting promises to furnish evidence against Purti. \"I have a source in the gram panchayat office who will give us detailed records related to Purti and I shall bring it to you by tonight in Nagpur,\" said Munje.And while Ghadge had reservations about speaking against the BJP president, his friend Munje felt otherwise. \"We have been speaking against Gadkari for a long time,\" Munje tells Damania, \"And no one can bother us at all. I will take your people around and show them what ecological damage the factory has caused.\"IAC members repeatedly ask both farmers to join them in New Delhi. \"We have a press conference on October 16 and you have to be there. Come a few days earlier and it will also be safer for you there,\" Damania says. While Munje agrees immediately, Ghadge remains non-committal throughout the partial footage in TOI's possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872489", "title": "MPs demand free toilets for women at Central Railway stations", "text": "MUMBAI: A delegation of Members of Parliament met Central Railway general manager Subodh Jain on Thursday with a list of demands.assured a delegation of members of parliament at least one free-of-cost women's toilet at every suburban station, raising of platform heights to prevent mishaps and extension of 15-car trains up to Karjat and Kasara.This was the assurance given to Members of Parliament who met Central Railway (CR) general manager Subodh Jain at his office on Thursday evening.Sanjay Patil, MP (north-east Mumbai), said \"We have been promised at least one free-of- cost women's toilet at suburban railway stations. The directives will be issued within a week.The GM has said that the Vikhroli flyover will come up within 15 months.\" He said 15-car rakes will soon halt at Bhandup, which is in his constituency.Anand Paranjpe, MP from Thane, said the railways will now focus on areas beyond Thane as the commuters there depend mainly on trains for transport. \"Unlike Brihanmumbai, they cannot take a bus or taxi to reach Dadar or CST,'' he said.He said the authorities have agreed to extend the 15-car service from Kalyan to Karjat/Kasara, with stops at Ambernath, Badlapur, Neral, Titwala and Asangaon. He demanded that ticket coupons be made available as ATVMs are non-functional at most stations.MP Eknath Gaikwad, demanded raising platforms to prevent mishaps. \"This will prevent accidents,'' Gaikwad said.Paranjpe said, \"Amenities at CST, LTT and Thane are being improved. There will be escalators at Dadar, Thane and Kalyan soon. We have also demanded survey for a third line between Kalyan and Karjat.\"MP Sanjeev Naik said, \"We have asked for more halts of long-distance trains at Thane, which will benefit scores of passengers.\"CR spokesperson V A Malegaonkar said the suggestions are being examined. and the GM has assured appropriate action.MP Suresh Taware demanded a rail link connecting CR and WR.1.4L travelled ticketless in SeptemberThe WR nabbed 1.44 lakh ticketless travellers in September and recovered Rs 4.66 crore from them. The ticketless travellers' number is nearly 20 % more than that during the corresponding period last year.As many as 279 cases of illegal transfer of reserved tickets were detected and Rs 2 lakh was recovered. During the same period, 1,636 beggars and unauthorized hawkers were apprehended and fined. Of this, 153 persons were sent to jail.The officials also booked 190 touts and other anti-social elements. While 373 persons were prosecuted under various sections of Railway Act, 369 persons were fined while three were sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872631", "title": "White paper to push for prioritizing Maharashtra dams", "text": "MUMBAI: The promised white paper on Maharashtra's irrigation projects will recommend diverting funds to undertakings that are 70% complete and stopping work on the rest, according to state officials.A draft of the document estimates that Rs 16,000 crore is needed to finish pending irrigation projects in the state; most of these funds, it says, should be channelled to wrap up near-complete dams over the next three years. The proposals in the white paper will be tabled before the state cabinet soon, a senior official in the water resources department told TOI.The water resources department, which is tasked with compiling data for the white paper, has an annual budgetary provision of Rs 7,000 crore. Of this, nearly 80% is earmarked for development works. Since even the whole amount will not suffice for unfinished irrigation work, a senior official said, \"we will recommend that money be diverted to projects that are 70% over and that work be temporarily halted on projects that are 10-15% complete\". \"Many of the slow-moving projects are in the Konkan and regions of western Maharashtra,\" explained the official.The white paper, another official said, will have detailed information about 76 big, 128 medium and 543 small irrigation projects. Included in it will be the history of these undertakings, their status, original cost, revised estimates, tender details, date of commencement and technical hurdles. It will also compare costs after escalations with official measures. \"According to our tender guidelines, cost escalations cannot exceed beyond a point. The paper will detail how these projects' costs rose, especially of dams in Pen, Amravati and Yavatmal,\" said the official.TOI had highlighted in a series of reports that the costs of 38 projects in Vidarbha climbed from Rs 6,672 crore to Rs 26,722 crore between June and August 2009. Following opposition outcry, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan announced that a white paper will be issued on the irrigation projects in Maharashtra.The orders to collect information for the white paper have been sent to all regional and district offices of the water resources department. Officials are hopeful the data will be collated and formatted within a month. A basic format for the document has been forwarded to Chavan for correction and changes, said officials. The report will be submitted to the state cabinet for corrections before being tabled in the legislature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16871703", "title": "Kapileshwar tank to host a pool as well", "text": "BELGAUM: If everything goes well, then the newly constructed Kapileshwar tank will be converted into a swimming pool of international standards.Belgaum City Corporation constructed the tank at a cost of nearly Rs 1.5 crore solely for immersing Ganesha idols. The tank will technically be used only once in a year \u2014 during Ganesh Chathurthi. It will lie idle during the rest of the year. This prompted MLA Abhay Patil to convert the existing tank into a swimming pool of international standards. The authorities concerned will be called in for a meeting towards this in a couple of days. Experts from sports authority will also be called in. Youngsters will also be consulted before taking any decision.The city corporation, with a view to enhance idol immersion facilities, decided to construct the new tank. Though the move faced a lot of opposition, the tank was constructed in record time and was inaugurated on September 29. Nearly 300 Ganesha idols were immersed in the tank during this Chathurthi. After investing nearly Rs 1.5 crore in the project, MLA Abhay Patil thought it should not go down the drain and hence he mooted the idea of a swimming pool to train youngsters, especially students.If the pool is constructed, it can be used for nearly 8 to 9 months for swimming purposes, and can be reserved for the festival for the rest of the time.The work for converting the tank into a pool will is likely to commence in December or January, added Abhay Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871340", "title": "SC stays proceedings in Prajapati encounter case against Amit Shah", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a big relief to former Gujarat minister Amit Shah, the Supreme Court on Thursday stayed trial court proceedings against him in the CBI's charge sheet in Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case allowing him to visit home state without the fear of imminent arrest.A bench of Justices P Satahsivam and Ranjan Gogoi stayed the proceedings in the Prajapati case after Shah's counsel Mukul Rohatgi argued that CBI deliberately filed a fresh charge sheet so as to hang the sword of arrest on Shah, who had been granted bail by the apex court two years ago.Rohatgi said the CBI could have filed an additional supplementary charge sheet in the Sohrabuddin fake encounter case, as the agency itself had told the apex court that both cases were part of the larger conspiracy, allegedly hatched at the behest of Shah.The bench issued notice to the CBI and asked it to file reply by November 23 while ordering an interim stay on the proceedings before the Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate.The CBI after concluding investigations into the Sohrabuddin fake encounter case under the supervision of the Supreme Court had reported to the apex court two years ago that both fake encounters were part and parcel of the same conspiracy.Shah informed the court that the apex court had allowed the CBI to probe Prajapati encounter killing on the plea that it was part of the Sohrabuddin murder plot, but the agency with an ulterior political motive filed a separate charge sheet to get him arrested again though he had been on bail in the same conspiracy for two years.\"The petitioner has a fundamental right under Article 20 of the Constitution of India of not being prosecuted and arrested twice for the same offence. The petitioner also has a right under Article 21 of the Constitution to be investigated strictly in accordance with law,\" Shah said in his writ petition.\"Since the CBI is deliberately and willfully encroaching upon and is infringing the fundamental rights, the petitioner seeks protection of his fundamental rights,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16870971", "title": "Chefs look beyond Navratra thali", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a city where food is integral to any celebration, there's no reason for Navratra to fall behind. Non-vegetarian food \u2014 even many vegetarian ingredients \u2014 may be taboo for those following Navratra or fasting, but restaurants across the city have created innovative dishes of different cuisines using \"Navratra-compliant\" ingredients.\"We experimented with different ingredients to give Navratra an Italian twist. We have a handmade buckwheat and potato pasta, which we steam so it doesn't disintegrate,\" says Mayur Thapa, executive sous chef, Hilton Mayur Vihar, and DoubleTree by Hilton. The onion and garlic-free festive menu at Infinity also includes pumpkin or sweet potato soup and samak rice risotto. \"We wanted to break the misconception that Navratra food is boring,\" adds Thapa. At Pizzeria Rossa, they even have traditional thin-crust pizzas without onions or garlic.\"We created unique dishes so people don't consider Navratra a hindrance to going out, but are actually tempted to experiment,\" says Gagan Kapur, Buzz, which launched a special menu for the first time this year. It has fried sabudana risotto balls, grilled cottage cheese and other European dishes \u2014 all made with rock salt.Chinese food is all about strong flavours, but Asia Kitchen has also created dishes that don't include onions or garlic. \"We cannot play with ingredients like kuttu, so we adapted the cuisine to Indian rules of Navratra instead,\" says Sanjay Chadha, its owner.Seafood and meat play a big role in Spanish food, but devotees can indulge in the cuisine without fear. Verve in Hauz Khas Village has introduced Navratra-friendly tapas items \u2014 lemon green tapas, apple and walnut tapas.Regular Navratra ingredients have also led to some innovative confections. Chefs at Zing GourMET Shop at The Metropolitan Hotel and Spa used kuttu ka atta to make candied pineapple cookies and cashew nut raisin cookies. Thapa says they've introduced a kalakand and almond cake, while Asia Kitchen has made a homemade coconut ice cream.Places with a traditional menu have also taken it up a level this time. \"We have a more elaborate thali with eight food items and a beverage. There are more choices, the quantity of each dish is greater, and this year all our outlets will have the same thali and recipes,\" says Parijat Neeraj, chef of product development and quality, Sagar Ratna. \"We have a big thali with about 11 dishes, not including different varieties of puris, as well as regular food without onion and garlic. It's the festive season, and we want to turn fast into a feast,\" says Sumit Gulati, owner, Spice Market.\"Some don't want to experiment with food, so we have a Navratra a la carte at the coffee shop, with typical Indian dishes like aloo sabudana tikki and arbi pakodas,\" says Thapa. Chutney Bar and Tandoor at Metropolitan Hotel and Spa also has a three-course Indian Navratra menu with dishes like sitaphal ka shorba, kele ki tikki, singhara ki porri and sabudana kheer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16871142", "title": "Fear stalks Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Not everyone in Kolkata has access to the National Crime Records Bureau data. But everyone in the city feels the fear that is chalked up in numbers on the crime database. You see it in deserted streets at night, the locked gates in apartment complexes and the dwindling number of morning walkers in parks.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has accused the media of portraying Bengal as a land of rapists, but there is no denying the fact that the state tops the chart in crimes against women. NCRB data puts Bengal second only to Madhya Pradesh in rapes. The state has seen a 60% jump in rapes since last year - this is almost twice the nationwide rise (33%).It's not only rapes. Small-time goons have struck terror with the random and ruthless nature of their crime. Women - especially the elderly - are being mugged and even shot at. And to make things worse, police seem to have no clue to the criminals. By the time they begin to investigate one sensational crime, there's another. With the administration floundering, Kolkata is being sucked deeper into a vortex of violence not seen in living memory.Fifty-seven-year-old Udham Singh has been driving cabs in Kolkata for over a decade but he has never felt as jittery. About two months ago, he picked up a woman passenger at a Salt Lake mall and had just crossed Central Park when four youths on two bikes started chasing them. It was 11.30pm. They hurled lewd comments at the woman but she ignored them. \"But her silence emboldened them. They would swerve close to the rear window and lunge at her. She was screaming and sobbing and too terrified to roll up the window. I was scared too, and started to speed up. The bikers shifted their focus to me and said, 'Goli khane ka iccha hai (do you want to get shot)'?\" he told TOI.Udham was terrified but sped on until he spotted a police patrol. The bikers, too, saw the cops, and made a fast U-turn. \"But the traumatised girl refused to lodge a complaint and pleaded with me to drive her home. If I succumbed to my fear and stopped, I don't know what could have happened to her or me,\" he said.This is one of many crimes that never made it to the police files. The September 21 shooting in a Jadavpur locality made it to the newspapers, but the plight of her neighbour didn't. This homemaker, in her mid-30s, is so scared that she is still reluctant to reveal her identity. A few days before the shooting, she was walking briskly in the Survey Park neighborhood when a bike zoomed close to her. Before she could react, she felt a sharp pain on her neck.\"I thought they had stabbed my throat. I screamed and found three men on a bike speeding away. Then I saw my chain was gone. The robbers weren't aware that it was a gold-plated silver chain,\" she said. A few days later, the gang targeted her neighbour. And this time, they opened fire. \"I am sure it was the same gang. I have stopped going for morning walks for fear that they might attack me again, now that they realise the stolen chain was fake,\" she says.An indicator to the spread of this fear can be gauged by the number of calls made to the two helplines dedicated to women at Lalbazar. \"On the first two days, we received more than 100 calls on each line - one for women in any kind of trouble and the other against stalking,\" said joint commissioner (crime) Palab Kanti Ghosh.TOI went around parks and walking zones to gauge the fear in the collective psyche of Kolkatans - at home and outside.\"A lot of our members ask me if it's safe to continue with their morning walks. I have suggested that we should not sit cowering at home. Some of them have come back but there is fear. It's got worse after the recent snatching in the Lake area,\" said Aurovind Jaiswal, secretary of a morning walkers' association at Rabindra Sarovar.Anita Sinha, who takes a walk all along the lake every morning, has stopped wearing jewellery. \"I took off the bangles and chain I wear regularly as soon as I heard of the shooting. This kind of indiscriminate firing is quite terrifying. It has become risky to go out in the morning or late evening. I used to feel very safe in my city. Not any longer,\" she said.Shephali De, who has been selling milk at the Haringhata booth next to Dhakuria railway station for 15 years, is still in trauma after the bike gang snatched her gold chain and fired five rounds at her when she resisted. She refuses to walk out of her home alone. Her son now accompanies her to the milk-booth, waits till her job is over and escorts her back home.Writer Suchitra Bhattacharya is very forthright on it. \"For no strong reason, crime in Kolkata has increased sharply. I think the government needs to root it out before it is too late,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16871777", "title": "Man\u2019s body found in Judges Bungalow", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A man was found dead from below an eighth-storey building on Judges Bungalow Road on Thursday afternoon. Police suspect it to be a case of suicide.\"The victim is in his thirties and was simply attired in a shirt and trousers. He had died of head injuries and broken bones,\" said a Vastrapur police official. Police are yet to ascertain the deceased's identity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16871100", "title": "Political meddling muddles crime fight in West Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: One of the pointers to the lack of confidence in the police is the 200% jump in complaints to the West Bengal human rights commission (WBHRC) since April this year. It now receives nearly 100 complaints a day, a quarter of them relating to crime gainst women.\"Many of these cases could have been addressed at the police station level if police had handled them with sensitivity and fairness. The majority of them (complainants) would not have to knock on the doors of the human rights commission,\" said WBHRC chairperson Justice (retired) Asok Kumar Ganguly.The government cannot deny cold data - that crime against women has been rising in Bengal since 2004. A cross section of people TOI spoke to wondered why politics was attributed to every crime. \"There is no reason to find politics behind every incident. If at all there is any reason, it is the mental depravity of the culprit. Yes, there are more cases in the files. But I feel it is because more victims are coming forth with their complaints. Rape is not a communicable disease that it will spread. The question is how effectively are we dealing with such criminal acts? The focus should be on ensuring a speedy trial and punishing offenders,\" said Sunanda Mukherjee, chairperson, state commission for women. Filmmaker Kaushik Ganguly also feels that there is no change in crime rate. \"But people are more emboldened now and step forward to complaint,\" he said.Kakoli Bhattacharya, who is with Swayam, an NGO fighting for women's causes, asks: \"Why is the government always on the defensive? Why are they so jittery on going the whole hog against the culprits?\" Meera Roy of Maitree, another NGO, said, \"Crime is crime, whichever way you look at it. If those in power tend to give disconcerting statements, it will only embolden the criminals.\"Another aspect is the low conviction rate. NCRB figures for 2011 show that only 11.5% of rape cases ended up with a conviction in court although police filed chargesheets in 92% cases. Not a single chargesheet was submitted in the 90-day period. \"Bengal was the birthplace of the Indian Renaissance but we seem to have gone back to the medieval ages. More women are tortured and raped here than Delhi, Haryana or any other state. The number of molestation cases in Bengal is twice the national average,\" said Anuradha Kapur of Maitree.The government likes it or not, crime against women in the state is on the rise. The graph has been rising since 2004, and the upward curve continues till date. For all these eight years Bengal has recorded the second largest number of rape cases.A cross section people, whom ToI spoke to Tuesday, felt any statement made by the government - and its chief minister - has a macro-level impact where it is being misinterpreted, leading to a spurt of lumpen activities to an inept administration.\"There is no reason to find politics behind every incident. If at all there is any reason, it is mental depravity. Yes, cases have increased. But the reason for it, to my knowledge, is because more and more victims are coming forth with their complaints. Rape is not a communicable disease that it will spread when infected, the question is how effectively we are dealing with such purely criminal acts. Are the offenders being punished, are we ensuring a speedy trial? The focus should be more on it,\" feels Sunanda Mukherjee, state commission for women chairperson. Filmmaker Kaushik Ganguly also argues that while the crime rate is the same, \"people are emboldened and aren't shy anymore to come forth with the complaints,\" he says.The increasing number of cases with the state human rights commission could be a reflection of lawlessness and lack of trust on the police redress mechanism. The past six months has seen the number of complaints to the West Bengal Human Rights Commission (WBHRC) going up by twofold. On an average the commission gets 100 cases everyday, 20% of which relates to crime on women.Many of these cases could have been addressed in the police station level if the police had handled them with the kind of sensitiveness and fairness. Majority of them would not have the need to knock the doors of the human rights commission,\" said WBHRC chairperson Justice (retired) Asok Kumar Ganguly. In order that crime against women are discouraged, the commission earlier had recommended certain amendment in section 354 of IPC, that deals with molestation. The commission's recommendation would have given more teeth for harsher punishment to the perpetrators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16873065", "title": "Six killed in separate train mishaps", "text": "MUMBAI: Six persons were killed in separate railway mishaps on Thursday, four of them died after falling off trains.In the first case, Gautam Jadhav (20) died after falling off a Virar-bound local between Kandivli and Borivli stations. An hour later, a teenager, Mohammad Abdullah Shaikh, died after falling off a local in the same stretch. Then at 12.10pm, a teenager fell off a slow local between Ghatkopar and Vidyavihar stations. Mubarak Mansuri, the victim, died on his way to the hospital.In the fourth case around 9.20pm, Saheblal Pal, 25, fell off a train between Bhandup and Kanjurmarg stations and died. Apart from this, two persons were run over while crossing the tracks. Adam Balram, 35, was killed while crossing the tracks at Kurla while Subhash Patel (41) was run over by a Virar local between Kandivli and Malad.Sources said at least 18 persons were killed and 12 others injured in different train-related accidents in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai on Thursday, but there was no official confirmation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16872329", "title": "Mapusa civic body to develop infra at Xavier's", "text": "MAPUSA: The Mapusa municipal council ( MMC) has decided to take up infrastructure development at St Xavier's college, demolish MMC staff quarters and construct a new one with commercial viability and purchase a new composting machine to treat market waste costing 25 lakh.The decisions were taken at an MMC meeting on Wednesday. The municipal staff quarters is in a bad state and the MMC has already spent lot of money on its repairs. \"The MMC has unanimously resolved to demolish the building and construct a new building. The ground floor will be for commercial use and the rest of the portion will be used as quarters,\" Sudhir Kandolkar said. The MMC has also decided to purchase a new garbage treating machinery with new technology to treat the wet garbage of the market area.\"Present techniques of composting will be replaced by new techniques which was demonstrated to us during our Pune visit,\" Kandolkar said. \"A machine with 3 tonnes capacity costing 25 lakh will be purchased to treat wet garbage of hotels and fish market. The machine can convert garbage into manure within 10 days without creating any foul smell,\" he said.Councilor Sandip Falari said that St Xavier's college has requested MMC to develop the open space in its premises by putting up pavers, beatification, developing the gym facility, grounds, jogging track etc.Councilor Subhash Narvekar said that MMC had spent government funds to develop infrastructure at the college, but, its authorities do not allow public to use it. \"Public should be allowed to use it during college off times or on Sundays with nominal fess or membership facility,\" Narvekar said.\"The resolution was passed and sent to DMA with a condition that public should be allowed access to the infrastructure,\" Kandolkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16870588", "title": "Rhema Sports Foundation, Kesar Residency scrape through in MDFA League", "text": "MUMBAI: Rhema Sports Foundation and Kesar Residency scraped through narrow 1-0 victories in their respective third division matches of the MDFA League, at the St Xavier's Ground, on Thursday.Rhema riding on O'Neil Kalicharan's lone strike overcame Tarun Sporting, while Kesar got the better of Shambu FC with Varun Pawar netting the winning goal. In another match, Phoneix SC and Laibbick FC shared honours in a 1-1 draw.Results: Div-III: Kesar Residency 1 (V Pawar) bt Shambu FC 0; Rhema Sports Foundation 1 (O'Neil Kalicharan) bt Tarun Sporting 0; Phoneix SC 1 (Nauman Kazi) drew with Labbick FC 1 (Nazeem Ansari).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16872872", "title": "Tamil Nadu students flock to management courses", "text": "CHENNAI: Trends in management education point to a distinct increase in interest among candidates in Tamil Nadu for a management programme.S Balasubramanian, director and COO of coaching centre Vista Mind, said after a sudden drop in applications for the Common Admission Test two years ago, there has been a 12- 15% increase in the number of candidates aspiring to pursue management in the state. The number of applicants for CAT has gone up from 12,602 in 2011 to 13,121 this year. This is, however, much lower than the number in Maharashtra (31,040), Uttar Pradesh (25,270) and Delhi (21,507), but Tamil Nadu is slowly making its way up the ladder.\"Jobs through campus placements are getting a little more difficult to get. This news has percolated to juniors from seniors, and so many have started thinking about a management degree,\" said Ajay Antony, director of TIME Chennai. Professor S S S Kumar of IIM-Kozhikode, who is the CAT 2012 convenor, said, \"I see it as a positive trend, reflecting the attitude of students who expect the revival of the placement scene at the end of two years when they finish their management degree.\"The Common Management Entrance Test (CMAT), conducted by the All India Council for Technical Education, has also caught the interest of many engineering candidates.A majority of candidates registering for management admission tests are engineering graduates. This year, around 67.6% of CAT-takers have an engineering background, like Ratul Banerjee, who came second in CMAT this year. Ratul, who trained with TIME Chennai and secured a CMAT score of 324 in the September test, said he wanted to pursue a management course after engineering because of his desire to be in the midst of competitive students. \"A management course in a fought-for institute gives me an opportunity to do that, just like my engineering course in IIT-Kharagpur did. There are some amazing guys in this country, and it is a privilege when you get to interact with them,\" said Ratul, who has completed his dual degree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16873281", "title": "Now, prepaid camel safari on sand dunes", "text": "JAISALMER: You must have utilized a prepaid taxi service at bus stands or railway stations in the past. Now, if you come to the Sam sand dunes at Jaisalmer, you will find a prepaid camel service for desert safari. For the first time in the country, the district administration will be starting a prepaid camel safari service for lakhs of tourists coming here from November 1. The district administration has taken this decision following increasing incidents of misbehaviour and loot.Jaywalker sub divisional officer Rajesh Chandra said that many complaints were received about the camel owners looting the tourists and misbehaving with those who go on camel safari to Sam sand dunes. Last week Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hsian's energy advisor Tausig Allah Chuddar too became a victim of such an incident when the camel owner left him in the middle of the safari. Apart from this many other complaints were received from foreign tourists about camel owners misbehaving with them and demanding more money.He said that the forest department has put up a fence near the Sam sand dunes. The camel owners cheat the tourists by claiming it to be the Indo-Pak border and collect huge amount of cash. After receiving such complaints, the district administration decided to start prepaid camel safari.The SDM (sub divisional magistrate) said that a committee has been formed including Jaisalmer tehsildar, police station officer of Sam, along with selected camel owners and five businessmen involved in tourism. The committee has called for a meeting on October 25 where the entire system of prepaid camel service including rates, working style etc. will be decided. Apart from this all camels will be registered, so that unregistered camels cannot be used in camel safari. The SDM said that during the prepaid safari, the tourists will be given a token after depositing the money, which the tourist has to return after the safari finishes. Similarly, the camel riders will be issued tokens for identification.Ramesh Chandra said that resorts that have business on the Sam dunes will have to get themselves registered and take a food licence. All resorts without registration will be removed by launching a campaign in the next few days.Similarly, directions have been issued to remove illegal dhabas near the Sam road. Action will be taken against 'lapkas' who forcibly stop the tourist vehicles in the middle of the road and there will be continuous monitoring.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16872076", "title": "Raitha Dasara: A crash course for farmers on agriculture technology", "text": "MYSORE: The 'Raitha Dasara' has received a thumbs up from farmers in the district who said it was educative. A section of farmers were introduced to government schemes and to various agricultural technologies to overcome labour problems, at the Raitha Dasara at Kalamandira on Thursday.Government departments and farm equipment companies have opened stalls to educate farmers about the latest equipment used in agriculture, horticulture, sericulture and plantation.Mahadevappa from Talkad told TOI that he had little knowledge about the latest farming methods but Raitha Dasara provided him with ample information.Another farmer Prasad from T Narasipura said it was a useful programme but suggested that it would have been better to conduct them at the taluk headquarters to benefit the entire farming community.Shashidar, a representative of private firm, which had displayed various equipment including tree cutter, power tiller, weed cutter and chaff cutter to create awareness among farmers, said that less than 50pc of the farmers had knowledge about these equipment and they were also clueless about subsidy given by the government.Another dealer Jayakumar said they were exhibiting sprinklers and micro irrigation equipment and pointed that less than 20pc of farmers used sprinklers.Afsar Pasha from K R Nagar is exhibiting Bandur breed sheep which is in great demand. Each sheep fetches a price of up to Rs 30,000.In a bid to encourage the use of alternative energy, KREDL has solar lamps on display. KREDL project engineer Dinesh said though the lamps are expensive, the government is offering subsidy to farmers for its purchase.Like KREDL, departments of animal husbandry, veterinary sciences and fisheries too have opened stalls to educate farmers about the various government schemes and programmes.Raitha Dasara subcommittee vice president Devaraju said: \"We are bringing 100 farmers from each assembly constituency to the event and also taking them to Chamundi Hills as part of the programme.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bardhaman", "code": "16871650", "title": "Prison official gets show-cause notice after murder accused flees hospital", "text": "BARDHAMAN: Three days after undertrial Mangal Sahani \u2014 the prime accused in the murder of retired schoolteacher Renuka Sarkar \u2014 escaped from Burdwan Medical College Hospital (BMCH), IG (prisons) Ranbir Kumar sent a show-cause notice to the jail superintendent of Burdwan Correctional Home on Thursday.The IG has instructed superintendent Meiyamodo Gweynn to submit a written explanation within three days. It may be recalled that the Gweynn had suspended the two wardens accompanying Sahani soon after the incident was reported.In his report to Kumar, the Burdwan Police SP SMH Meerza has said that the formal FIR was lodged at Burdwan Sadar police station by jailor Kripamoy Nandi almost two hours after Sahani fled from the hospital. Police also found an unlocked handcuff on the hospital premises during a recce on Wednesday.\"This proves that the accused did not have the handcuffs on while the two wardens were busy with the paper work at the emergency counter,\" said police sources.Hospital sources said that Sahani was brought to BMCH by two wardens around 9.10pm on Monday after he complained of abdominal pain and vomiting. While the two were busy with some formalities at the emergency counter, the undertrial fled the spot. Though he was given a chase, the wardens lost track of him after some time.Sources at the correctional home said that the doctor of the home was on leave on Monday night and thus they had to arrange a private car to take Sahani to hospital. But on reaching the hospital, the accused fled the spot, finding the jail guards inattentive.Burdwan Sadar police has started investigations, but are yet to track Sahani. Sahani, a resident of Suri, already has nine cases against him and was facing custody trial for the murder of Sarkar, said police.It may be recalled that Sarkar was murdered on Januray 12 and Sahani was arrested from a lodge in Tarapith on Januray 19.Burdwan Police SP SMH Meerza said that the formal FIR was lodged at Burdwan Sadar police station almost two hours after Sahani fled. Cops found an unlocked handcuff on the hospital premises during a recce on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16875841", "title": "Cops want tests on rape victim's pal", "text": "BANGALORE: Is the boyfriend a suspect in the October 13 gang-rape case? The police seem to think so.The youth, an employee of an IT major, was with the victim, a National Law School of India University student, at the Bangalore University campus when she was allegedly gangraped by a group of 7-8 men. Police have sought a virility test on the boy, according to a document in possession of The Times of India.Doctors told this reporter they declined to conduct the test on the grounds that the victim's friend was neither named as an accused nor was a complainant. The boy was sent to Bangalore Medical College on October 16 for medical tests, as per a memo dated that day, issued by the Jnanabharathi police inspector to the college dean.The memo said he was the victim's friend. He was present at the time of the crime and was assaulted by the hoodlums, it said. Yet it named the boy as an accused and said virility and other tests should be conducted on him.Police asked for the tests to determine whether the \"accused was capable of engaging in sexual intercourse\". The memo also sought a medical report on whether the \"injuries on the youth's body were a result of assault or some other situations\".HORROR ON THE CAMPUSThe boyfriend, who was with the victim of the alleged gangrape on Saturday on the BU campus, is being subjected to more tests giving room to the feeling that he has become a suspect\"We have sought to know whether the person who was brought to us was a complainant or an accused, and wanted to know whether there was any case filed by him or against him. We have only conducted a medical examination of the external injuries on his body. We declined to conduct the virility test,\" said a source in Bangalore Medical College.The source also said the tests had to be conducted by the gynaecology department of Victoria Hospital and the memo was sent to it as well. \"The case falls under gang-rape going by the sections noted in the memo. But how can there be a single accused brought to undergo examination?\" a doctor said on condition of anonymity. He also said the memo revealed that the boy was the prime witness in the case. The memo referred to Crime No. 410/2012 reported at the police station under sections 363, 323, 506-B, 376-G (gang rape), and 427 (read with 149 of the Indian Penal Code). Police sources had told TOI the boy is in their \"protective care\" and has been asked not to leave the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871346", "title": "Delhi Jal Board chief lends ear to Dwarka woes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Their efforts at Gandhigiri were finally rewarded as residents of Dwarka were called by Delhi Jal Board CEO Debashree Mukherjee on Thursday to discuss their water problems. Frustrated over the unavailability of water for the past several years, residents had taken to sending Mukherjee SMSs on October 10 and till Wednesday had sent anything between 300 and 500 text messages.However, sources said it was made clear that till Delhi didn't get additional water from Munak or other source, there was no solution for Dwarka's problem. \"A 20 million gallon per day water treatment plant is being constructed for Dwarka. Additionally, 3-4 MGD water is being diverted from Nangloi WTP. But diverting more water is out of question as that would mean depriving other areas of water. Till the city gets more water, DJB can't do much for the area but when water does come in, Dwarka is a priority,\" said sources.However, residents were offered full co-operation on rainwater harvesting and water conservation strategies.\"The CEO assured us that our problem will be sorted out as soon as it is possible. We will, however, continue with our agitation till there is a specific solution,\" said Sushil Kumar, president of the Dwarka Residents' Forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16873072", "title": "High-speed fans to keep tunnel pollution-free", "text": "JAIPUR: In order to make the Ghat Ki Ghuni tunnel safe and pollution-free, the JDA has installed a 'control console' to deal with any kind of emergency.During a visit, JDA commissioner Kuldeep Ranka said that sensors were installed in the tunnel to keep it pollution-free. Fans will automatically start if gases such as carbon monoxide increase in the tunnel, he said. \"After the tunnel is opened for traffic, it is expected that 2,500 vehicles will pass through it everyday resulting in huge pollution. These will be exhaust fans which throw air outside and bring fresh air to the tunnel.\"The (JDA) has installed twenty high speed ventilation fans. These fans are imported from Germany.Moreover, the JDA has also installed eight cameras to monitor the traffic moment. The light will also be automatically controlled by the console at the time of an emergency.While talking to media, Kuldeep Ranka, said: \"The work for tunnel is almost complete. It will be soon opened after the work outside the tunnel to provide safe entry and exit is completed.\"The JDA officials claim the work to construct the rotary will be done by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16871942", "title": "Only 6 girls for 10 boys among first-time voters", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was in 2001, when alarm bells first rang over dwindling number of girls in Gujarat, with the Census revealing that there are only 883 girls per 1,000 boys in the 0-6 age group. The realization that rampant sex determination of the foetus beginning mid-1990s had led to brutal killings of the girl child in the womb sank in.The manifestation of the problem is seen in the list of first-time voters for 2012 assembly elections \u2014 there are only 601 girls for every 1,000 boys in the age group of 18-19 years.Of the 12.87 lakh new voters registered with the Chief Electoral Officer in Gujarat, 8.04 lakh are boys and 4.83 lakh girls. And, this is not all. The electoral rolls of 2012 have the worst ever male-female ratio since Gujarat was carved out as a separate state in 1960. There are only 910 women voters for every 1,000 men.This is just a tad better than the first time Gujarat went to the hustings in 1962 \u2014 there were 913 women voters for every 1,000 men \u2014 but that was more because of the reluctance of conservative families to have their women registered. The numbers gradually rose and were recorded between 969 and 977 between 1975 and 1985.Anita Karwal, state electoral officer, said, \"We are close to the figure. The recent gender census shows that the ratio is 918 female against 1,000 males and we are very close to it. We have not received the 2011 census for the age group of 18-19 and hence cannot comment on those ratio.\"In the previous polls held in 2007, there were 935 women voters for every 1,000 men. In 2012, number of women voters has risen by only three lakh as against a rise of 9.21 lakh in men despite a special drive by Election Commission of India to enrol women and youth under the Systematic Voters' Education And Electoral Participation ( SVEEP).Experts say that this yawning gap between the number of boys and girls in first-time voters in the electoral rolls could be due to myriad factors \u2014 the primary one being the skewed sex ratio.\"The targeting of the girl child began in early 90s and this intensified in mid-90s in Gujarat. Those unborn daughters are now creating an overall imbalance,\" said sociologist Gaurang Jani. He feels there is no move to inspire the youth, especially girls, to get enrolled as voters. Also, a large number of girls get married at this age and hence are not registered either at their father's place or at in-law's.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16870786", "title": "Ranchi University launches science journal", "text": "RANCHI: Ranchi University Journal of Science and Technology ( RUJOST) was released on Thursday. Comprising the best research papers by the lecturers and professors of the science faculty of RU, the journal will be helpful for all students of science.Dean, faculty of science, M M P Singh said, \"The best research articles have been selected and published in the journal. It will be highly beneficial for those who want to pursue research in the field of science as it comprises research papers of all branches of science. We will try to make it better in the coming years.\"Singh said the International Standard Serial Number (ISSN) has also been given to the journal. \"The ISSN is the standardized international code which allows the identification of any serial publication, including electronic serials, independently of its country of publication, of its language or alphabet, of its frequency, medium, etc,\" he said.Pro vice chancellor of RU, Dr V P Sharan, said, \"The journal reflects the academic excellence of the university. We released the faculty of commerce journal on September 5 this year and will be releasing the journal of arts faculty journal soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871041", "title": "2008 Delhi serial blast case: Driver fails to identify bomber", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a twist to the 2008 Delhi serial blast case, an autorickshaw driver who had allegedly been hired by one of the accused has failed to identify the alleged terrorist before a trial court. An explosion had taken place in his autorickshaw at Gaffar Market in central Delhi minutes after the suspect had left it.During the recording of the evidence, the driver, Mool Chand, failed to identify the alleged terrorist, who was produced before him along with other accused during the court proceedings which were conducted through videoconferencing. The accused is currently lodged at Sabarmati Jail in Gujarat. Thirteen suspected Indian Mujahideen militants, of which six are lodged in the jail, are facing trial in the case.The prosecution had said that the accused had travelled in Chand's autorickshaw on September 13, 2008 to Gaffar market and had left a bag in his vehicle in which the explosion had taken place. Mool Chand was deposing as a prosecution witness before additional sessions judge Narinder Kumar.Chand, who was shown the faces for half an hour, told the court that he wanted to see the men in person. Only then could he identify the man who had travelled in his autorickshaw. At this, the prosecution submitted to the court that the six accused lodged in Sabarmati Jail be summoned here, a demand which was opposed by the defence.\"In the given circumstances, when the witness has seen all the six accused on the screen and when the camera was even focused on the face of each one of them and he still could not identify the accused, providing any further opportunity to the prosecution may give the authorities a chance to show the accused to the witness in the meanwhile,\" the judge said.The court also rejected the prosecution's plea for showing the accused to the witness for some more time on the screen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16872282", "title": "Vijai hits out at Parrikar on mining issue", "text": "MARGAO: Independent MLA Vijai Sardesai hit out at chief minister Manohar Parrikar and claimed that Parrikar's decision to call for an all party meeting exposes the government's duplicity to resolve the mining impasse.\"On the one hand the government was trying to create an illusion of adopting a reconciliatory approach to solve the issue of people affected by the mining ban, but simultaneously it was going about denigrating the opposition and instigating the people of mining areas and mining dependents against the opposition,\" said Sardesai while addressing mediapersons on Thursday.Sardesai added that in his opinion, although Parrikar's statement that he will convene an all-party meet to resolve the mining issue was a climb-down from his confrontationist attitude, his party's attitude in blaming the Congress in general and Curtorim MLA Reginaldo Lourenco and him (Sardesai)for the halt in mining activity in the state exposed the duplicity of the ruling party and the government in solving the mining impasse.\"The fact that the CM has announced a yatra in the future for this purpose is a manifestation of this tactic,\" added Sardesai. Whilst expressing solidarity with those affected by the mining ban, Sardesai said the chief minister could not absolve himself from being responsible for shutting down mining activity in the state especially after having claimed that the Shah commission report was a vindication of the PAC report authored by Parrikar himself.He added that the BJP was now trying to instigate the people against the opposition since the fallout of the closure was becoming difficult to handle for the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16873254", "title": "Veteran Congress leader Ram Narayan Chaudhary cremated", "text": "JAIPUR: Veteran Congress leader and former minister Ram Narayan Chaudhary (84) was cremated with state honours in his hometown Jhunjhunu on Thursday. His daughter Reeta Chaudhary, who is a Congress legislator from Mandawa constituency in Jhunjhunu district, lit the funeral pyre. Besides Reeta, the Congress leader is survived by two sons and two daughters.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot, along with Union minister Mahadev Singh Khandela and a couple of state ministers, as well as Congress state president Chandrabhan were present at the Jat leader's cremation. On behalf of the leader of opposition Vasundhara Raje, the district BJP president Dashrath Singh laid a wreath at the funeral.Chaudhary, who was suffering from lung infection for a long time, breathed his last at a private hospital in Jaipur on Wednesday midnight. He was under the doctors' observation since August 31.Chaudhary was a prominent Jat leader and was elected to the state assembly seven times, starting from 1967. He served as cabinet minister and as the leader of opposition.Chaudhary once even served s deputy Speaker in the state assembly. He was Rajasthan Pradesh Congress Committee's president from 1980-82. Chaudhary was born in Jhunjhunu district's Hetamsar village on February 22, 1928. He had been with the Congress since the country's first free elections in 1952.Before leaving for Jhunjhunu to attend the funeral, chief minister Gehlot presided over a meeting of council of ministers to pass a condolence resolution in honour of Chaudhary.In his condolence message, Gehlot described Chaudhary as a leader who dedicated his entire life for the welfare of farmers and the weaker sections of the society.A floral tribute was paid to the departed leader at the PCC office in Jaipur too. Chaudhary had lost the last assembly election in 2008 against CPM leader Amra Ram.Jaipur: Veteran Congress leader and former minister Ram Narayan Chaudhary (84) was cremated with state honours in his hometown Jhunjhunu on Thursday. His daughter Reeta Chaudhary, who is a Congress legislator from Mandawa constituency in Jhunjhunu district, lit the funeral pyre. Besides Reeta, the Congress leader is survived by two sons and two daughters.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot, along with Union minister Mahadev Singh Khandela and a couple of state ministers, as well as Congress state president Chandrabhan were present at the Jat leader's cremation. On behalf of the leader of opposition Vasundhara Raje, the district BJP president Dashrath Singh laid a wreath at the funeral.Chaudhary, who was suffering from lung infection for a long time, breathed his last at a private hospital in Jaipur on Wednesday midnight. He was under the doctors' observation since August 31.Chaudhary was a prominent Jat leader and was elected to the state assembly seven times, starting from 1967. He served as cabinet minister and as the leader of opposition. Chaudhary once even served s deputy Speaker in the state assembly. He was Rajasthan Pradesh Congress Committee's president from 1980-82. Chaudhary was born in Jhunjhunu district's Hetamsar village on February 22, 1928. He had been with the Congress since the country's first free elections in 1952.Before leaving for Jhunjhunu to attend the funeral, chief minister Gehlot presided over a meeting of council of ministers to pass a condolence resolution in honour of Chaudhary. In his condolence message, Gehlot described Chaudhary as a leader who dedicated his entire life for the welfare of farmers and the weaker sections of the society. A floral tribute was paid to the departed leader at the PCC office in Jaipur too. Chaudhary had lost the last assembly election in 2008 against CPM leader Amra Ram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16875761", "title": "At varsity library, relax as you read", "text": "HUBLI: If you thought libraries are dark, dusty, frighteningly silent places, Karnatak University has changed that perception. Bookworms here now have a new and refreshing ambience at the varsity. To break the monotonous silence and to help students unwind a bit, the university has constructed parabola-shaped huts on the library premises to study peacefully.Students can relax in the garden after long study hours, discuss with their friends and have lunch in the hut. Besides, students who have forgotten to bring their library cards, need not worry as they can still get easy access to these huts.Each hut, which has been aesthetically designed with granite benches and table, accommodates about 10-12 students. So far, four huts have been constructed.Speaking to TOI, university chief librarian SB Patil said, \"These huts help students study in an open atmosphere. It particularly helps those who find it boring to spend long hours in the library. The students are so happy that there is a huge demand for more huts. We are thinking of setting up more huts in one acre of land.\"Parmeshwar Patil, a Ph D student of Department of Marathi, says he is spending more hours in the library now. \"I used to find it boring to sit for long hours in the library. To break the monotony, I used to walk inside the library. Now, with these huts, I am spending many more hours studying. The fresh air and serene ambience helps me concentrate on my studies,\" he said.Rashmi Doddamani, a foreign language student in the university, said that the library huts are an ideal place for group discussion.\"I am discussing a lot and morefreely now.Itwas notthe case earlier,\" she said.A place of blissStudents can relax in the garden after long study hours, discuss with their friends and have lunch in the hut. Besides, students who have forgotten to bring their library cards, need not worry as they can still get access to these huts.Each hut, which has been aesthetically designed with granite benches and table, accommodates about 10-12 students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16872717", "title": "School promises safety review after protest", "text": "CHENNAI: The issue of an unsafe block on the Vidyodaya Matriculation Higher Secondary School for Girls campus in T Nagar where nearly 100 agitated parents staged a protest on Wednesday continues to be in the limelight. The school principal had submitted her resignation on Tuesday saying the building was unsafe and that she had been kept in the dark about repairs to it.On Thursday, several parents met school chairman Narayanan who reportedly promised to make interim arrangements over the issues. He said that despite a report of the superintending engineer of the public works department declaring the building safe, the management was ready for \"an independent group of engineers who would examine the structural competence of the building.\" Classes would not be held in the damaged building pending approval, he added.The letter by principal Annie Mohan to the chairman, a copy of which is with TOI, alleged irregularities and \"personal harassment\" by correspondent Anna George, an executive member of the managing committee. The letter said, \"my reasons for deciding to leave are centered on a lack of transparency and involvement in various dealings of the correspondent in which I should have been fully informed.\" It adds that \"the structural stability of the building is a subject of grave concern and I have been kept in the dark about the repairs done to it.\"The protesting parents had also called for the reinstatement of the principal. \"When it came to implementing Samacheer Kalvi, she did a pioneering job and it was due to her efforts that the school achieved 100%results in the board examinations in 2011,\" said Sujata Kesh, whose two daughters studying in the school.On Annie Mohan's resignation, the chairman said \"perhaps she was stressed out.\" \"Though it has been accepted by me, it has to be ratified by the members of governing body. It is an administrative matter and will be handled at that level,\" he said. Earlier, parents said that the VGA Block which has seven classes started developing cracks in 2012. The school, with more than 1300 students, was founded on the lines of Shanti Niketan in 1924 at Pallavaram. It moved to its present campus in 1931 and boasts of an 89-year-old PTA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16870902", "title": "Dengue cases hit 1000 mark in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Panic gripped NCR on Thursday as dengue cases in the Millennium City's private hospitals crossed the 1,000 mark. But the district health department, on its part, confirmed only 201 cases.Moreover, 610 cases of malaria and four cases of swine flu have also been reported. While private hospitals claimed five people have died of dengue, the health department has confirmed only one death.Many parents are scared to send their kids to schools fearing that they might catch fever from their friends. A Class VIII student of a prominent school in Sector 45 said teachers advised them to bring their own drinking water. \"Any student who appears to have fever is sent to the medical room where their parameters are checked, and if fever is confirmed they are sent home,\" she said.Paras Hospital has had the maximum number of dengue cases at over 200. Artemis has so far confirmed 79 cases. Viral fever cases have also gone up in private hospitals. Dr M K Singh, consultant, internal medicine, Paras Hospital, said, \"We are treating around 50% of fever cases as dengue. However, there has been a dip in such cases in the last two days. We hope the cases go down by the end of October.\"Dr Ashutosh Shukla, director, internal medicine, Artemis Health Institute, said, \"There are four strains of the virus, of which type two and three are prevalent in our part of the country. Cases generally begin to surface in August and they peak in September-October. Water stagnation should be strictly avoided. Fumigation is one option to kill mosquitoes, when done scientifically and not rampantly.\"When contacted, many school principals said they have increased the number of fumigation drives in their schools and are taking all other measures for hygiene. Meenakshi Zarabi, principal, Gems International School, said, \"Earlier we were conducting fogging on monthly basis, but now it is done weekly. We have collaborated with a nearby private hospital where students can be sent in an emergency.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16870600", "title": "Maple Star for feature", "text": "PUNE: Karthik Ganapathy-trained Maple Star appears better among five contenders in the Ashwamedha Plate, the feature event of the Friday's Pune Races. Though running after a long lay-off, Maple Star is still in good touch as is evident from her track work form. She should be able to tackle her rivals and claim the honour.There are nine races on Friday starting from 1.30 pm.Selections:1. Desert Carnival Plate-Div-II (1000m): Prince 1, Auraria 2.2. D N Zodge Plate-Div-II (1200m): Augustus 1, Queens Kiss 2.3. Desert Carnival Plate-Div-I (1000m): Blessed 1, Hot As Ice 2.4. Ashwamedha Plate (1600m): Maple Star 1, Grand Design 2.5. Yogender Singh Trophy-Div-II (1400m): Arabian Fighter 1, Sizzling Love 2.6. Aquilo Plate (1600m): Koh Samui 1, Scarlatti 2.7. D N Zodge Plate-Div-I (1200m): Marengo 1, Smooth Operator 2.8. Kojagiri Plate (1800m): Ambrosia 1, Sumo 2.9. Yogender Singh Trophy-Div-I (1400m): Sacred Soul 1, Roger Bcool 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "nagpur/pune", "code": "16872439", "title": "Conman dupes Darda in name of Digambar, held", "text": "NAGPUR/PUNE: Bundgarden police, Pune, on Thursday took a man from Solapur into custody for allegedly duping Congress MP Vijay Jawaharlal Darda of 34 lakh between October 9 and 11.Inspector S B Nikam (crime) of the Bundgarden police station told TOI that the man had telephoned Darda claiming to be Digamber Kamat, former chief minister of Goa, and demanded 34 lakh help for some Congress workers and relatives of tainted Haryana ex-minister Gopal Kanda. The amount was delivered to a spot near Sassoon general hospital as demanded by the caller.\"We have taken a suspect into custody for questioning, but he has refused to reveal his identity,\" Nikam said. A complaint has been registered under section 420 (cheating) of the IPC, he added.The imposter had called up Darda on landline of his New Delhi residence on October 9 posing as Kamat. Initially, he complained to Darda about some of his employees. Later, he said some financial assistance was required for a group of Congress workers and one Vinod Kanda who were at Andhra Pradesh and heading to Maharashtra. He promised the amount would be repaid by October 15.The trickster later called up Darda at his residence in Mumbai reminding him about the assistance required.After having collected the sum, the conman took enough care to tell Darda not to call him back on the old cellphone number which he said was discontinued. Darda later called up Kamat to confirm receipt of amount and was shocked to learn Kamat had never called.A Lokmat group employee, on behalf of Darda, then approached Dhantoli police station with a complaint. Dhantoli police registered an offence and forwarded to Pune police, said senior inspector MF Shende of Dhantoli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871365", "title": "Rs 55 lakh siphoned from bank account", "text": "NEW DELHI: Last Tuesday, when Smita Singh and her husband Gautam Arora visited their bank to deposit a cheque, they came to know that Gautam had lost almost Rs 55 lakh in an online fraud believed to have been committed by a gang that has cheated several other people in the capital.As per the couple's statement, the fraud was committed last month, a day after they furnished their account information and other details to the bank for a home loan. \"We have registered a case and are in touch with HDFC Bank in this regard,'' said joint CP (Economic Offences Wing) Sandeep Goel.Speaking to TOI, Smita said, \"My husband has operated this account with HDFC for almost two years, and recently took a loan from HDFC Ltd. The loan amount of Rs 46 lakh was credited to his personal account on September 9, and the entire amount available in the account \u2014 Rs 54,94,254 \u2014 was siphoned off within 5-7 days\".The gang's methods were similar to those of another busted by south district police last week \u2014 the accused would deactivate the victim's mobile number by reporting its loss before emptying his account through net banking.The gang busted last week connived with a bank executive, who provided them with the customer ID and the password (i-pin) of the customer's net banking operations. Armed with these details the accused scanned their target's Facebook profile and other social networking profiles to obtain photographs and personal details. Using the image, the gang would forge an ID card of the target and then report the loss of his mobile phone, leading to deactivation of the number.Later, the gang would get a new SIM issued for the number by showing the fake ID card. In this way, the gang would get the victim's transaction alerts while he would not. In Gautam's case, his mobile number registered with the bank was deactivated twice. The second time after he got a new SIM.A day after TOI contacted HDFC Bank about the case, on Wednesday, it replied that a full scale investigation has found its employees were not involved. \"We have looked into the case and have found nothing to suggest any procedural lapse on the part of the bank. We'd like to state that our processes and procedures are foolproof and do not lend themselves to any manipulation or compromise whatsoever. However, it would not be appropriate at this stage to comment on whether there has been a compromise at the customer's end,'' an HDFC statement said.The couple, who have lost most of their savings, are running from pillar to post to get their money back. \"We first went to Sarojini Nagar police station and they said the case was to be registered at the Hauz Khas police station. When we went there, we were sent back to Sarojini Nagar. The Sarojini Nagar SHO told us to visit the cyber crime cell on Lodhi Road. From there, we were finally guided to the EOW on Mandir Marg.\"The EOW of crime branch has lodged a case of cheating with charges under the stringent IT Act. \"We are investigating all angles. The bank officials have been contacted and details are being obtained. We expect a breakthrough soon,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16864942", "title": "I was offered a film by a south director: Vijay Kumar", "text": "He might have come from a humble background, but shooter Vijay Kumar, undoubtedly, is one of the most talked about sportsmen in the country today. After all, the Indian medals tally at the London Olympics 2012 kick-started with this shooter, who won his first silver medal in the Men's 25 m rapid fire pistol category. Though it's been a couple of months he won the medal, Vijay Kumar is still as excited as a kid. \"Life has changed a lot and I am basking in the attention I am receiving from all quarters,\" says the shooter.The shooter, who was in the city recently, says his visit to namma Chennai was a memorable one, as he got an opportunity to meet some talented upcoming shooters here. \"The crowd was amazing and they all went crazy when they saw me. It was a great feeling. I happened to meet many upcoming shooters during the visit. With proper training, these youngsters will go places.\" But quiz Vijay Kumar, why India has been receiving more medals in the shooting category when compared to other games and he says, \"The game that gets the maximum attention and has more expectations from the audience, usually brings home the medals. In India, it's shooting, wrestling and boxing, since we have already won medals in these categories.\"Now that the actor has made the country proud, just like other sportsmen, Vijay Kumar too has been receiving a few film offers. \"On July 29, when I was being felicitated at an awards ceremony in Delhi, a south Indian director, who recognized me, approached me with a film offer for an action-oriented film. We had a brief chat but there have been no developments so far. I also happened to meet Amitabh Bachchanji during an event in Mumbai, which was held to honour Olympics participants. Naturally, the crowd went berserk as they wanted to catch a glimpse of Big B. I met him briefly on the stage and he congratulated me on my achievement. I was glad to meet him.\"Films offers apart, are endorsements coming Vijay Kumar's way? \"I have not received any endorsement offer from the time I have won the medal. In fact, I'm waiting for endorsement deals to come my way. Only when I get a few offers, I will know what I could take forward and what not.\"So what is in the pipeline for the shooter? \"There are few domestic games coming up and I have to begin the preparations for the Commomwealth Games 2014 in Glasgow as well. I am also looking forward to the 2016 Olympics in Rio. In the meantime, I have been told that I would be given a better position in the Indian Army, an IAS equivalent. If that happens, then it would be a double bonanza for me. However, shooting will be my first priority.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16872987", "title": "Government readies action plan to combat dengue", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government has come up with an action plan to tackle the mounting number of dengue fever cases in the capital. A high-level meeting was convened by health minister V S Sivakumar to chart out the precautionary measures to be taken in the city in the wake of north-east monsoon lashing south Kerala.Of the 2,080 positive dengue cases reported this year, 1,400 were from the city corporation area. This has been a matter of concern for the authorities. The beginning of the rains may lead to an increase in the mosquito population which in turn may make way for a dengue epidemic.The health minister has said that 5,000 two-member squads will be deputed in the state capital for source reduction. The squads will visit every nook and corner of the corporation wards to take effective steps to control mosquito breeding and spread awareness about the precautionary measures to be taken. The 50 squads, dedicated to each of the 100 wards in the corporation, will comprise health and civic officials.On November 1, these squads will be engaged in a massive mosquito source reduction programme in all the schools, government and private offices and institutions. On November 4, the capital city will observe a dry day in which three-member team will be visiting each household to carry out source reduction activities.For the better coordination, the government has also decided to convene a meeting of the residence associations, builders, hotel and restaurant owners on Saturday. The officials of the health department and the corporation will also be attending the meeting.The district health administration has warned that the situation is going to worsen in the state capital in the coming days since the rain has started. The decaying of garbage piled up in the residential areas would create severe health hazard as it would trigger the spreading of mosquitoes and rats.The mosquito density in the corporation limits is so high that with the heavy rains there are chances of this density doubling. Hence, the health administration has urged all the households and the civic authorities to prevent water clogging since it would become the breeding space for mosquitoes.The minister has urged the district health administration to open fever wards in the hospitals if it is found necessary. Although the cholera cases have started coming down in the coastal belt, on an average seven dengue cases are being reported in a day from the corporation areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16870910", "title": "'Polls will be conducted on basis of 2001 census'", "text": "With the Jharkhand municipal elections round the corner, the state election commissioner S D Sharma has a daunting task ahead of him. TOI's Sanjay Ojha caught up with the man of the moment who laid bare the hurdles to the election in January-February, 2013. Below are excerpts.The five-year term of 28 municipal bodies in the state, including the Ranchi Municipal Corporation (RMC) will come to an end in April 2013. By when is the commission going to complete the election process for new municipalities?The last municipal elections in the state were held in early 2008. According to the Constitution of India, the municipal bodies will cease to function once the five-year period from the date of first meeting is completed. Keeping the deadline in mind, we have decided to conduct elections for all the 28 municipal bodies before March 31, 2013.The records of last municipal elections show that there are 589 wards where elections are to be held along with that of the mayor for RMC and chairman of 11 Nagar Parishad and 16 Nagar Panchayats. Is there any possibility of change in the number of wards this time?There may be some change in the number of wards as population has increased and law has a provision of delimitation. We are yet to state the work for notification of municipalities and wards by the government. Once the government issues notification, we will go ahead with delimitation process of the wards. Depending on the population, the number of wards may change.The Constitution of India says that any election must be conducted on the basis of the latest census report. Will the commission organize this election on basis of the 2011 census?No, the Constitution says that election has to be organized on the last published census and unfortunately the final census report of 2011 is yet to come. I took up the matter with the Registrar General of India and the state government. When they expressed their inability to provide the latest published report, we decided to go ahead with the 2001 census.Many other states including West Bengal organized municipal election after census 2011. What was the process adopted by them?I consulted other states of the country and they have also followed the 2001 census. We, at the commission, feel that if we follow the census 2001, then there will be no constitutional or even legal problems.If the election is to be conducted on the basis of the 2001 census, then there is a great possibility of many people not getting a chance to take part in the election. How does the commission seek to solve the problem?No one who is 18 years or above and has a name in the voter list will be stopped from voting in the election. We are conducting elections on the basis of the 2001 census but will be using the latest voter list i.e. the list published by Election Commission of India in January 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16876017", "title": "STAR India receives govt. recognition for 'Satyamev Jayate\u2019", "text": "National Commission for Scheduled Castes honours Star India CEO Uday Shankar, Aamir Khan on International Valmiki DayNew Delhi, Oct. 18, 2012: Television's most influential show Satyamev Jayate on Thursday received a rare national recognition with the country's National Commission for Scheduled Castes (NCSC) felicitating the enablers of the show who helped create awareness against social discrimination through a pioneering TV program.The Commission honoured Star India CEO Uday Shankar and Aamir Khan in recognition of their remarkable contribution in highlighting and helping the cause of eradicating 'untouchability' - a cruel reminder of the regressive caste system. Shankar and Aamir each received a special award at a function held to mark the International Valmiki Day in New Delhi.Satyamev Jayate was a landmark show in Indian television that set new benchmarks from the very first episode earlier this year. Star India, which was instrumental in helping conceive the show, demonstrated how TV can be an effective tool to influence social change and people's empowerment.During its 13-week run, the show reached a third of India's population, airing simultaneously in multiple languages, and became the most-talked about show then. It questioned social mores, helped shape mindsets and left an imprint on the minds of people with compelling tales from everyday life.\"Television is not just a source of entertainment and with Satyamev Jayate we proved that it also has the power to contribute towards the growth of a nation and change the mindsets of people. It's an honour to be felicitated by the National Commission for Scheduled Castes and I am thankful for the prestigious award,\" Mr. Uday Shankar, CEO, Star India, said.Through Satyamev Jayate, STAR helped ignite a debate in this nation of billion plus people, engaging them with the common theme of working for a better tomorrow. It received a staggering 1.2 billion responses through several platforms from more than 5,000 cities in 165 countries.\"Satyamev Jayate was an initiative to offer a public platform to issues that concern all Indians. Today, I feel glad that after the show a lot of people, including the youth of India, have come forward and expressed their views. It was a team effort and I am also grateful to Mr. Uday Shankar for giving a medium to reach out to the masses, \"Mr. Aamir Khan said.Home Minister Mr. Sushil Kumar Shinde , Social, Justice and Empowerment Minister Mr. Mukul Wasnik, Information and Broadcasting Minister Ms. Ambika Soni, Chief Minister of Delhi Ms. Shiela Dixit, NCSC Chairman Mr. P.L. Punia and other eminent political and civil society leaders, who have championed the cause of social equality, also attended the awards function.Mr. P L Punia, Chairman, National Commission for Scheduled Castes said, \"Star India's Satyamev Jayate showed a new ray of hope to the underprivileged people of our country. It's time for all of us to join hands and fight for equality.\"Ms. Sheila Dixit, Chief Minister of Delhi, lauded Star India for conceptualizing 'Satyamev Jayate' and giving people a platform to talk about their struggles. \"It's my request to Mr. Uday Shankar to repeat the show as I would want the people of this country to witness the pain again and stand against it as one team,\" Ms. Dixit said.Information and Broadcasting Minister Ms. Ambika Soni said, \"Star India and Aamir Khan gave a new meaning to life through the show and brought out the real picture of our nation. They also made it a point to reach out to a larger audience and recorded the episodes in different regional languages and telecast it on national television.\"Star has always considered television to be a powerful medium that is essential for bringing about social change. As an industry leader, it became imperative for Star to drive this change. Satyamev Jayate was a step that has laid the foundation for several such initiatives in future as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16870962", "title": "Al-Qaida remains number one enemy of US: White House", "text": "WASHINGTON: Al-Qaida remains the number one enemy of the US, even as strength of this terrorist outfit has been considerably weakened, the White House said on Thursday.\"Al-Qaida remains our number-one enemy and our number-one foe. That is why we focus so much of our attention on al-Qaida and its affiliates, because the struggle against al-Qaida continues, and the (US) President has been focused on it since the day he took office,\" White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters.\"This President, when he came into office, made clear his intention of refocusing our efforts on those who attacked the United States of America and killed Americans on September 11th, 2001. And he has kept that promise,\" he said.\"Our efforts against al-Qaida have inarguably led to success and progress, but the work is not done. Al-Qaida central and a leadership there has been devastated by our efforts and the efforts of our allies,\" Carney said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871903", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal, Bhushan Bhushan in line of friendly fire", "text": "NEW DELHI: After dominating headlines as anti-corruption mavericks India Against Corruption (IAC) members Arvind Kejriwal and Prashant Bhushan found themselves at the receiving end of high-voltage attack from a fellow anti-corruption activist. Y P Singh, a former Mumbai cop and an active member of the Mumbai chapter of IAC, accused the Bhushan-Kejriwal duo of letting off BJP leader Nitin Gadkari with a \"dud\" while suppressing far more incriminating evidence on NCP chief Sharad Pawar.Singh alleged that the acts of \"omission and commission\" were deliberate and meant to facilitate Kejriwal's aspirations for the upcoming Delhi elections. The former cop said that Kejriwal and Bhushan decided to play up the charges against Gadkari even when those were \"legally weak\" because they were anxious to put the BJP on the same footing as Congress clearly with an eye to contest Delhi elections.The activists rejected the charge saying, \"We raised pending allegations of corruption against Sharad Pawar in May, 2012. Pawar was one of the 15 ministers against whom IAC presented documents. The issue was also raised in July when Kejriwal, Manish Sisodia and Gopal Rai sat on an indefinite fast demanding an independent SIT probe.\"Singh's attack, however, fed into the confusion that gripped national Capital's political circles, even activists, when Kejriwal and Bhushan concentrated their fire on Gadkari. Until 5pm on Wednesday, the national Capital was agog with the estimate that IAC was going to unleash \"explosive\" material on both Gadkari and a senior NCP leader. Sources in the IAC had also confirmed that the disclosures would be targeted at more than one politician.The switch of tactic has been interpreted in the light of IAC's need to project neutrality in light of the torrent of Congress's taunts that they were the B-team of the BJP. IAC has targeted Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi and has been keeping a safe distance from Baba Ramdev in order to dodge the latter's pro-Hindutva sensitivities. It has also made a demonstrative attempt to shake off the charge of being a RSS front by replacing the picture of Bharat Mata with that of Mahatma Gandhi as the backdrop of its dais, while Bhushan's stance on J&K; are hugely at odds with those of the BJP.But Congress has kept at the \"B-team\" allegation, disregarding in the process the involvement of activists like Medha Patkar and Santosh Hegde, who have a history of annoying the BJP.While IAC's termed as insinuation that they were soft on Pawar, Singh's attack showcased that they could be equally vulnerable to the weapons that they have used to target the establishment. The evaporation of government's monopoly over information, social media and new modes of communication as well as new devices like the Right to Information may have facilitated many activists who feel empowered by the success of Kejriwal and Bhushan to gatecrash the elite club of politicians.With the reverence for authority gone, Singh has shown that the stature of Kejriwal and Bhushan may not deter their comrades from setting standards which they would like the \"movement\" to conform to. Failure to live up to those will attract charges of betrayal. Having cracked the code of silence, Bhushan and Kejriwal can expect to be judged by a higher standard; perhaps even tougher than they have prescribed for others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16875073", "title": "Pay Rs 32 crore or lose all properties, court tells Chopras", "text": "Ravi Chopra, the son of legendary filmmaker late B R Chopra, could lose all his properties, including family home B R House, if he fails to clear his debts of Rs 32 crore by April next year.Chopra, who is now 66 and ailing , owes the money to 26 creditors of B R Films, a film production house his father set up in 1955, and B R TV, a family-run television production company. The Bombay High Court in a recent order has listed seven family properties to be sold to pay off the debt if the family misses the deadline.The order, however, has made it clear that iconic B R House must be put on the block only if the sale of all other properties fails to generate the required funds.Among the properties listed in the order apart from B R House are two bungalows in Khar, a set of apartments on Juhu Tara Road; an apartment in Worli; and a plot of land in Raigad district.While B R Films is one of the oldest and most successful Bollywood production houses, B R TV gave the fledgling Indian TV industry one of its biggest soaps - Mahabharata - in 1988. B R Films has to its credits such hits as Naya Daur (1957), Sadhna (1958) and Humraz (1967). B R Chopra was awarded the prestigious Dadasaheb Phalke Award in 1998.B R Film's last hit was Amitabh Bachchan-starrer Baghban in 2003. Ravi Chopra, the son of legendary filmmaker late B R Chopra, could lose all his properties, including family home B R House, if he fails to clear his debts of Rs 32 crore by April next year.B R Film's last hit was Amitabh Bachchan-starrer Baghban in 2003. Its next production, Babul, which again starred Amitabh, was a big flop. This was followed by another Amitabh-starrer , Bhoothnath, a box office disaster.The production house never recovered from these back-to-back flops. As debts mounted, cheques issued by B R Films began bouncing and court cases piled up.According to the decree entered into by B R Films, B R TV and their creditors at the HC, the production houses now can't sell or create any rights in any of seven properties listed above without the court's consent.In case the family fails to pay their creditors before April 15, 2013, a court receiver will take control of the properties and execute their sale. According to the decree, status quo will be maintained in all the cases the creditors have filed against the Chopras during the six months granted to the family to pay off the debt.When TOI contacted Ravi Chopra's wife Renu for a comment on Thursday evening, she refused to comment on the court decree.Film financier Devidas Thawani, one of the 26 creditors the Chopras owe money to, confirmed the court decree and said, \"We shall definitely execute the court order if we do not get our payments.\"Another creditor, Raj Rajpal, said, \"The total amount is a little over Rs 32 crore. We respect the court order.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16872290", "title": "Panaji rally demands resumption of legal mining operations", "text": "PANAJI: A large group of mine workers held a protest march in the city on Thursday demanding that the government restart legal mining soon.Under the banner of Goa mine workers union, they marched from the KTC bus stand to Azad Maidan in Panaji. The group has said that they will be forced to come out on the streets with their families if mining is not restarted by November.A member of the union said the state government should withdraw its order suspending the mining operations in the state or the workers would intensify their agitation.They said there should be no problem in resuming legal mining and that the government should withdraw its suspension order.The protest march is the second in this week following the one on Wednesday by CPI(M) demanding nationalisation of mining in the state. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16872566", "title": "No meeting on Ganga conservation in environmentalist CM\u2019s tenure", "text": "VARANASI: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav is worried about the deteriorating health of Ganga and growing pollution in the holy river, but no meeting of the UP State Ganga River Conservation Authority (UPSGRCA) has been held in his tenure so far. The main objective of UPSGRCA is to stop pollution in Ganga and its environmental and ecological improvement.\"I was having high hope from the young chief minister when I saw him (Akhilesh Yadav) attending the meeting of National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) chaired by the Prime Minister in April last,\" said Prof BD Tripathi, noted environmentalist and member of NGRBA and UPSGRCA.The expectation was high because for the first time the chief minister had attended the NGRBA meeting. \"But it was disappointing that no meeting was held at state level during his regime. So far two meetings of UPSGRCA were held in August 2010 and December 2011 during the regime of Mayawati,\" he added.The chief minister had expressed concern over the increasing pollution in Ganga while reacting to the findings of a survey conducted by the National Cancer Registry Programme (NCRP), under the Indian Council of Medical Research, which showed the river laden with heavy metals and lethal chemicals that cause cancer.\"We are expecting from the CM, who himself is an environmental expert, for adopting a proactive approach for saving the holy Ganga,\" said Tripathi. He urged strict measures to stop industrial effluent and wastewater being discharged into the Ganga. \"Since the chief ministers of Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh are members of the NGRBA and chairmen of the State Ganga River Conservation Authorities, I requested them to issue directives to the officials concerned to collect information and prepare suitable management plan for saving Ganga\", he said.Tripathi said that there should be complete and authentic information about the number of industries, quantity and quality of sewage and industrial effluents, point and non-point sources of pollutants, area-based quality and quantity of solid wastes, ecologically sound higher dilution discharge sites, hospital wastes, radioactive material, toxic chemicals released from various sources, solid wastes of non-degradable building material, pesticides and insecticides, number of body disposed, pollutants released from cremation grounds, temple wastes, quantity of plastics and possibilities to establish economic community treatment plants.According to UPSGRCA records, there are two projects sanctioned for Varanasi. One of them is JICA assisted Ganga Action Plan Phase-II to construct a sewage treatment plant of 140 MLD capacity, two sewage pumping stations, laying of 18km sewer line, 205 community toilets and 10 dhobi ghats. The total cost of project is Rs. 496.90 crore sanctioned by the Union government in July 2010 and scheduled date of completion is July 2015.Another project is the development of area around Asi ghat. It includes construction of 11 toilet blocks, seven urinal blocks, six change rooms, four drinking water fountains, two wash towers and 10 food and craft stalls. The total cost of this project is Rs 27.28 crore sanctioned by Union government in March 2011 and the scheduled date of completion is March 2013.\"I appreciate the worry of the CM but at the same time I also urge him to take a lead in saving Ganga to achieve the goal of Clean Ganga Mission 2020,\" said Tripathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16872055", "title": "Additional coach for Jhelum Express", "text": "PUNE: The Central Railways has decided to attach one sleeper class coach to the Pune-Jammu Tawi Jhelum express (11077/11078) with immediate effect to accommodate the waiting list passengers. The additional coach will be provided from Pune till October 25, and from Jammu till October 27, a press release issued by the Central Railways said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16873357", "title": "After a century, school to get auditorium, thanks to alumni's family", "text": "JALANDHAR: A century after it was founded in 1911, an Arya Samaj school in Nawanshahr district would formally open its auditorium on Thursday, dedicated to one of its famous Muslim alumni, who joined the school in its early years and rose to become a high court judge in Pakistan.The auditorium has been built by the alumni's family, led by his son, who rose to become Supreme Court judge in Pakistan and delivered some historic judgments on executive-judiciary conflict in Pakistan.It was in the first week of March 2005 that Justice Khalil Ur Rehman Ramde, then a judge of Pakistan Supreme Court, visited his ancestral village Karyama and also the school -- Doaba Arya (Senior Secondary) School in Nawanshahr city -- where his father Justice Mohd Sadique took admission in 1919.\"My father would always fondly remember his school and would often remark that Hindus opened a school in Nawanshahr that is why he could study and could become an advocate and then a judge,\" Ramde said in an informal chat here at Circuit House.\"When I visited the school, I was told that it was still in the original shape and nothing much has changed. It was out of gratitude as our family owned its fortune to this school that we wanted to build something in the school. The then chief minister Captain Amarinder Singh offered that Punjab government would build whatever we wanted and would name it after Justice Sadique, but we wanted that it should be our service to satisfy ourselves. Finally, the CM agreed to our wish,\" he said.Flanked by Gurukul Kangri University vice-chancellor Prof Swatantar Kumar and advocate Ashok Pruthi, Justice Ramde said that in 2006, when its foundation stone was laid, 42 members of their family were present. Both Ramde and VC Swatantar Kumar said that the facility would be much more than an auditorium and would rather be a bridge between people of India and Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16870811", "title": "Karim Bencherifa joins Mohun Bagan in shock move", "text": "PANAJI: When Mohun Bagan come calling, it's hard to say no. Salgaocar Sports Club learnt this the hard way as their coach Karim Bencherifa tendered his resignation on Thursday and is now set to return to a club which had shown him the door just over two seasons ago.For Bencherifa, the departure from Mohun Bagan in 2009 was acrimonious. He had an ugly spat with journalists, was hounded out by club officials and several fans had turned against him. This time around, when Bencherifa returns to Kolkata, the same officials will lay out a red carpet for him while fans will welcome him back with the beating of drums at the airport.It is no secret that Bagan fans wanted Bencherifa and nobody else to succeed Santosh Kashyap. \"I have handed my resignation and it was not an easy decision. Sometimes, football is like life and we must move on. I will remember Salgaocar as a professional club with a top quality chairman. Don't forget we made history here,\" said Bencherifa.Bencherifa won his first and only I-League title with Salgaocar in 2010.Though neither Bagan nor Bencherifa were willing to share details of what is expected to be a lucrative 19-month contract, insiders say it will make him the best-paid coach ever in Indian club football. The contract is said to be worth Rs 2.5 crore.Bencherifa is contracted with Salgaocar till May, 2013 but both parties have an exit clause in the contract which gives them a way out with a one-month notice. Bencherifa has exercised this clause in his resignation letter. \"The coach is serving his notice period. He should be with us till November 17,\" club chairman Shivanand Salgaocar told TOI on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16872693", "title": "Navratri: Get Garba costumes on rent", "text": "KANPUR: The markets of Meston Road, Birhana Road, P Road and Shivalaya are flooded with fashionable clothes and accessories for Garba and Dandiya nights. The traditional Gujarati clothes are more in demand. Bandhej prints of Gujarat and laheriya' resembling the Rajasthani styles are attracting large number of buyers. Some shop keepers are making costumes available on rent.The women could be seen picking authentic 'chaniya-cholis'. Girls are fascinated towards latest Bollywood trends. \"The girls are demanding ghaghras donned by heroines in movies. The costumes of Disco Deewane, Son of Sardar and Rowdy Rathore are more in demand,\" said owner of a garment shop on Birhana Road.An increasing number of people wanting to shake a leg to the tunes of Garba in traditional costumes so the business is booming. The number of shops offering traditional Garba clothes and accessories has increased considerably in every market.Women, who experiment with dresses, are preferring dresses on rent. This is giving a grand business to the shopkeepers, who charge huge sums to rent a dress for a few hours.\"The demand for the rented dresses has increased. The rented costumes are most viable option to look good without paying thousands of rupees,\" said Tanya, a student.The range of rented costumes for Garba starts from Rs 200 and goes up to Rs 2000.Matching jewellery is also available on rent.A shopkeeper, who rents costumes, said that she get the stock from Godhra and Surat.Dandiya sticks are available at stores in colourful and ethnic forms.Dandiya Nights are more organized this time. People go prepared to the dance floors wearing suitable costumes. To help them prepare, colonies and clubs organize dandiya workshops.Komal, a Gujarati-Sindhi girl, who is getting married in Surat soon, want to enjoy her last Dandiya in the city with family and friends. She had organized Dandia program on her terrace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871231", "title": "Accidents claim four lives in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: An eight-year-old boy was killed when a tempo rammed into the cycle rickshaw he was traveling on in Chandni Chowk on Thursday morning.The deceased, Zahid, was coming back from a wedding with his mother when the accident took place at around 1:30am near Lal Diwar area. A tempo driver was reversing his vehicle when he rammed into the victims without noticing their rickshaw. The impact was such that the rickshaw overturned and the vcitims fell on the ground. Zahid was rushed to a hospital where he was declared brought dead. The driver, Kalam Ansari, and the cleaner, Balbir Singh, were arrested by the police and a case was registered.In another incident, a 20-year-old student of IP University was mowed down by a Haryana roadways in Jahangirpuri, north Delhi. Aakash Chauhan, a resident of Yamuna Vihar, was headed towards his college on a motorcycle when the accident took place. \"The speeding bus hit Chauhan's bike from behind. Chauhan fell off the bike due to the impact and came under the bus wheels, thereby dying on the spot,\" said a senior cop. The errant bus driver fled after the incident, leaving behind the bus. Angry locals blocked the road and vandalized the bus. A case of rash and negligent driving causing death has been registered and efforts are on to nab the driver.Driver of a water tanker was killed after his tanker overturned in Vasant Kunj on Thursday. Ranjan Yadav, native of Darbhanga in Bihar, was headed home when the accident took place. The rear tyre of his tanker burst while he was at the T-point on Nelson Mandela Marg and Mahipalpur road. Simultaneously, the tanker overturned and Yadav came under the vehicle.In another case, a chai wala was mowed down by a bus in GK-1 area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16872084", "title": "Nanotechnology can help in power generation: Expert", "text": "PUNE: A research in nanotechnology for enhancing efficiency in the power and telecommunication sector is necessary for the country, said Ravi Grover, principal adviser with the Department of Atomic Energy and member of the Atomic Energy Commission of India.Inaugurating the second NANOCON 12, a two-day International Conference on 'Nano Technology: Innovative Materials, Processes, Products, and Applications', organized by the Bharati Vidyapeeth University, Grover said nanotechnology has application in several areas, including drinking water purification, communication, health and new drug development.\"Our country was at fifth rank in the world in terms of power generation, but when it iscompared to the total population of the country, the power availability per person in India is very low. Nanotechnology can be helpful in terms of enhancing power generation, better efficiency from capacitors are among others. Even special coating on the blades of wind mills will increase power output,\" he said, stressing the need for bigger investments for research in the field.The two-day conference will cover various aspects of nanotechnology, its importance and application. Senior researchers from Europe, the US and Japan have already arrived in the city and will make their presentations over various issues. The BVU has organized the conference in association with the North Carolina A&T; State University, Greensboro, US (NCA&T;), Tuskegee University , Alabama, US (TU) and Centre for Materials for Electronics Technology (C-MET), and the Department of Information Technology, Government of India.State forest minister and chancellor of the university Patangrao Kadam, vice-chancellor of the university Shivajirao Kadam and secretary Vishwajeet Kadam were present at the inaugural ceremony.EoM/ND", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16870678", "title": "Cycle rickshaw puller faces police apathy", "text": "NOIDA: A resident of Noida's Nayabans area faced the apathy of the police on Wednesday when two cops allegedly abused and injured him with a pointed object. The victim, a rickshaw puller, has submitted a complaint at the Sector 20 police station. Senior officers claimed that they were not aware of the incident but would conduct an investigation into the matter.The incident occurred when Mohammed Munir was ferrying a passenger from Sector 15 to the Sector 18 Metro station on Wednesday afternoon. After he dropped the passenger, a police jeep parked behind Munir's rickshaw. There were two cops in the vehicle who got off and started abusing and roughing him up. When Munir protested, the cops allegedly punctured the rickshaw's tyre with a pointed object.Not satisfied with damaging the tyre, the cops allegedly attacked Munir. Eyewitnesses said Munir was allegedly stabbed in the back with the pointed object. He started to bleed from the wound after which passersby took him to the district hospital in Sector 30 for treatment.At the hospital, Munir was provided medical aid and allowed to go. Munir then submitted a complaint at the Sector 20 police station alleging police brutality and high-handedness.ASP Chinnappa refused having received a formal complaint and said that the issue could be the result of a minor squabble between the two parties. \"We will conduct an investigation into the allegation. If we find our personnel to be guilty, appropriate action will be taken,\" Chinnappa said.Rickshaw pullers in Noida complain that they constantly have altercations with the traffic police. Since there are hardly any designated parking sites for them, their presence is treated as an \"illegal\" encroachment everywhere.Cops, on their part, said that rickshaw pullers were an unruly lot and did not follow any traffic rules. \"They are constantly parking their vehicles wherever they please and violate every traffic rule, which leads to severe congestion and traffic jams on city roads,\" said a traffic police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16872532", "title": "First cycle of recruitment proved meaningless", "text": "VARANASI: The army holds two cycles of recruitment, one from April to September and other from October to March, every year.The first cycle proved meaningless in the region as the Army Recruitment Center (ARC) Varanasi, which is the biggest recruitment center of Indian Army, could not hold any recruitment rally. A total of 12 districts fall under the jurisdiction of ARC Varanasi. And, if ARC Varanasi in-charge, Col Pawan Kumar is to be believed, the maximum recruitable male population ( RMP) is also available in the districts of this ARC.According to him, in one cycle of recruitment, maximum six districts are allowed to participate while other six districts are covered in next cycle. The last recruitment rally had been organised in July 2011. He said, \"in the next recruitment rally, six districts including Ghazipur, Azamgarh, Ballia, Sonebhadra, Jaunpur, and Mirzapur would participate. However, in the case of demand for participation by any other district, which had already been covered during the last rally, the ARC can take decision for allowing it but at the cost of one of the selected districts.\"He said the number of vacancies are disclosed just before the commencement of rallies as the vacancies depended on many factors like availability of berth in training centers, cancellation of past rallies, number of retirement, and others. The Ghazipur district administration has given positive signal for holding the next recruitment rally. After seeking proposal from the district, it would be forwarded to the directorate for its approval and announcing the schedule, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16873243", "title": "Ray of hope for boy with holes in heart", "text": "JAIPUR: A 12-year-old child suffering from a serious heart ailment, whose father died two years ago and mother went away with another man under the 'Natha Pratha', has found 'godfathers' who put concerted efforts to save his life.The boy was fighting his battle alone after his father's death. Now, the Rajasthan State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (RSCPCR) first found the boy and helped him raise money for an operation which cost than Rs 3 lakh at a private hospital.Since childhood, the boy had a hole in his heart and if not operated, the chances his survival is slim. RSCPCR member Govind Beniwal said, \"We found the boy Udai Lal in Bhilwara. We managed to get financial assistance of around Rs 96,000 for his surgery with the help of district collector in Bhilwara under chief minister relief fund.\"Now, doctors, NGOs, child welfare committees, RSCPCR, government children homes, Rajasthan Bal Adhikar Samrakshan Abhiyan (RBASA), the state government and even a social activist from Finland came forward and provided help to the boy in different ways. With the coordinated efforts of various private and government agencies, the operation has become possible. The SMS hospital cardiothoracic vascular surgeons operated on the boy's heart with hole on Thursday.However, the doctors claimed that the boy is still serious post the surgery and they could not comment on his survival chances. Cardiothoracic vascular surgeon Dr R M Mathur said, \"It took five hours to operate on the boy's heart. Out of four of the valves of the heart, three of them were leaking. The boy is on ventilator as he is still critical. We would be able to comment on his survival only after 48 hours.\"The boy was admitted to SMS hospital on October 3. RBASA official Vijay Goyal said, \"The abhiyan is taking care of the boy ever since he was admitted to the hospital. We are happy that the boy has been operated upon successfully.\"Positive Women of Rajasthan (PWR) also coordinated with doctors for the operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16874795", "title": "High level delegation from New Zealand visits Indian Institute of Foreign Trade", "text": "NEW DELHI: A high level delegation consisting of senior government officials of education and vice-chancellors of various universities of New Zealand led by minister for tertiary education, skills and development of New Zealand Steven Joyce visited the Indian Institute of Foreign Trade (IIFT), New Delhi on Thursday.The delegation held talks with the director, IIFT Dr Surajit Mitra and members of faculty. The New Zealand delegation expressed their interest in having collaborative programmes with IIFT for training entrepreneurs of New Zealand in 'Doing Business in India' and initiate both faculty and scholar exchange programmes.According to a press statement, Mitra in his address mentioned that IIFT has already done such collaboration with more than a dozen countries in Europe, Africa and other countries and will be in a position to collaborate with the academia of New Zealand for the purpose. Joyce elaborated on the possibility of potential collaboration between India and New Zealand in the field of education and that his visit is focused on promoting India-New Zealand cooperation.The minister also addressed the IIFT faculty and students on 'Doing Business in India.' He announced a series of 'Doing Business in India' modules at IIFT for executive students of New Zealand. New Zealand education would be the coordinator for these programmes.Joyce also stressed on the two-way exchange for students from India to get to know the New Zealand business environment. Currently, India is New Zealand's third largest source of international students with more than 12,000 students enrolling themselves in different courses including management and technical education. In this context, the exchange programmes between institutes/ universities of the two countries need to be stepped up to increase the inflow of students from New Zealand other than the inflow through 'Doing Business in India' programmes.The minister made a special mention of joint research between institutions of the two countries to understand each other's markets and increase market access. He also drew attention to the opportunities in India in technical cooperation in the aviation sector including infrastructure and provision of training facilities and instructors.On skill development, Joyce offered support for the National Skill Development initiative of the Government of India and thereby be a part of India's growth momentum. He expressed satisfaction over the doubling of trade between India and New Zealand in the last three years and laid stress on the Free Trade Agreement between India and New Zealand in goods and services which will automatically pave the way for the two-way movement in goods, services and people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16870943", "title": "A sweet and spicy treat from a Bengali kitchen", "text": "KOCHI: One simple word you would use to describe Bengali cuisine is spicy because it is known for using 'panch phoron', the five essential spices namely mustard, fenugreek seed, cumin seed, aniseed and black cumin seed.Here's the good news, exotic dishes from Bengali kitchens await you in Kochi. Casino Hotel's 'Tharavadu' restaurant is organizing a Bengali food festival named 'Thumi Kemon Acho Cochin' (How are you Cochin) from October 19 to October 28.Chef Mrityunjoy Mukherjee has picked a wide variety of vegetarian and non-vegetarian delicacies for Kochiites. From Macher Jhol a traditional, spicy Bengali fish curry with potatoes and tomatoes to Lau Chingri, a prawn gravy dish served with rice. For vegetarians, the chef recommends Aloo Posto, Aloo Dhum and Dhokar Dalna among others with an endless array of desserts.\"We use mustard oil for our dishes, while Keralites prefer coconut oil. And potato is a main ingredient, there is no Bengali without Aloo Posto,\"said Mukherjee.\"Bengalis do not have many chicken dishes on their table, though we use it for combination delicacies. After fish, mutton is our favourite pick,\" he said.People who love prawns are in for a culinary delight since the menu boats of a variety of prawn dishes. Dab Chingri, made by baking prawns in the coconut shell and onali chingri \u2014 another dish of prawns prepared for the festival \u2014 are quite delicious assured the chef.And the desserts range from rasagullas to pantua, mishit doi to chanar payesh, a rice pudding cooked with green cardamom and nuts.Kochi: Spicy is the taste that lingers. And simple is the word you would use to describe Bengali cuisine. Known for its use of panchphoron, the five essential spices, namely mustard, fenugreek seed, cumin seed, aniseed, and black cumin seed, the exotic dishes from Bengali kitchens are now coming straight to you, as Casino Hotel's ' Tharavadu' restaurant is organizing a Bengali food festival - Thuni Kemon Acho Cochin- how are you Cochin- from October 19 to 28.Chef Mrityunjoy Mukherjee is bringing to Kochiites a wide variety of vegetarian and non-vegetarian delicacies. From Macher Jhol a traditional, spicy Bengali fish curry with potatoes and tomatoes, Lau Chingri, a prawn gravy dish serviced with rice, to a vegetarian spread that has Aloo Posto, Aloo Dhum and Dhokar Dalna among others, and an endless array of desserts\"We use mostly mustard oil, while for Keralites it is coconut oil. And potato is a main ingredient, there is no Bengali without allu patto,\"said Chef Mukherjee.\"Bengalis do not have many chicken dishes on their table, though we use it for combination delicacies. After fish, mutton is the favourite for us,\" he said.People who think that prawn Kerala's favourite will be surprised to see the list of prawn dishes on the menu. Dab Chingri is made by baking prawns in the coconut shell, while sonali chingri is another dish of prawns prepared for the festival.And the desserts range from rasagullas to pantua, and mishit doi to chanar payesh, a rice pudding cooked with green cardamom and nuts. ''Malpua'' prepared with curd is going to steal many hearts at the festival which will serve the dishes as buffet from 7pm to 11pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16873554", "title": "Chennai samples monsoon mayhem", "text": "CHENNAI: Corporation of Chennai's tall claims were washed away with the first downpour of this year's northeast monsoon on Thursday. Civic body officials had claimed as recently as Wednesday that they had completed desilting of drains in most parts of Chennai and the city was prepared to weather the monsoon. But a couple of hours after the heavens opened up early on Thursday, it became clear that people in the city will have a harrowing time over the next two months.Vehicles stalled on roads across the city for several hours, with some motorists stranded in cars due to engine failure on waterlogged stretches , from early in the morning.Adambakkam, Royapuram, Adyar, Mannady, Pudupet, Anna Nagar, Choolaimedu, T Nagar and Royapettah had the worst of it during Thursday's rain and residents in some of these localities reported that sewage had entered their houses from storm water drains.Corporation officials had earlier said they had completed desilting of all existing drains in areas like Valluvar Kottam, Mambalam and Vyasarpadi. Residents, however, said there was flooding in several parts of Vyasarpadi and West Mambalam, like last year. But Valluvar Kottam appeared to be better prepared for the monsoon, people who live in the locality said.By rush hour in the morning, frustrated motorists were seething. \"On what has the corporation been spending crores of rupees?\" asked Anand Sundar, whose vehicle had stalled in a waterlogged stretch of West Mambalam.Residents said the corporation appeared never to learn from past experience. \"It's unfortunate that the corporation cannot check the problem and people in the city have to suffer every monsoon,\" said P V Sivaraman, a resident of Vyasarpadi. \"There is severe waterlogging in Ganesapuram, Vyasarpadi and Perambur. Motorists and commuters are struggling on every road I passed through.\"The civic body even got it wrong about the Ganesapuram subway, which it said would not pose any problem because it had a new storm water drain. Traffic was stranded for several hours at the subway because of waterlogging.The corporation was in damage control mode, with commissioner D Karthikeyan saying more workers would be deployed to pump water out of inundated stretches. \"Engineers will submit daily reports to me,\" he said. \"There is nothing to worry about because we have taken measures to tackle the monsoon.\" But, on the ground, there was little to show for his assuredness.Civic body officials said they received the complaints about both waterlogging and fallen trees. \"We have forwarded all the complaints to the officials concerned,\" an official said.Former mayor M Subramanian said most roads stretches in north Chennai were flooded. \"The civic body has clearly failed to desilt the drains,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16872117", "title": "Scientist discovers calcium carbonate source in egg shells", "text": "PUNE: The white shell of an egg is no longer a waste. Indian scientist Vijaya Kumar Rangari has found that the eggshell is a huge source of calcium carbonate, which is currently extracted from nature.The wide application of calcium carbonate ranges from plastic material, increasing mechanical strength to fillers for the cavity in the tooth, bone regeneration and for whitening in painting industry.Rangari, associate professor at the US-based College of Engineering and Physical Science, TUSKEGEE university , told TOI that the bio-based calcium carbonate nano particles, synthesized from egg shells, have successfully completed its application tests in the laboratory. Along with Rangari, a team of some 10 scientists is currently working in the Alabama state on various applications of bio-nanocomposites received from eggshell calcium carbonate.\"US government's National Science Foundation has funded $500 million for the project with a fixed timeline of five years,\" said Rangari, who was in the city on Thursday to make a presentation about his project, at the second international conference on Nanotechnology - Innovative Materials, Processes, Products, and Applications, organized by Bharati Vidyapeeth University.Speaking to TOI, he said, \"An egg shell takes minimum six years to completely decompose and it is not good for the soil either. Of its total composition, 95% is calcium and others are protein and other organic material. Key features of such calcium carbonate nanocomposites are that they are from renewable resources and decreases dependence on petroleum based materials, which are hazardous to the nature.\"On the other hand, extracting calcium carbonate from the nature is a costly affair and it affects nature as well. Compared to it, production of calcium carbonate from eggshells is much cheaper and easier, he said.A growing effort has also emerged, focusing on the research and development of bio-inspired polymers because of the high cost and environmental hazards of petroleum derived products. Plant-based polymers are developed from plant proteins, oils, carbohydrates, starch and cellulose. Paper birch trees, cotton and soybeans are examples of bio-based sources of polymers, Rangari said.For instance, a private company in the state of Alabama generates some 20 tonnes of egg shells every month and they do not know how to dispose it of properly. Once the commercial production of such calcium carbonate with nano polymer composites commences, the raw material will be available at a much cheaper rate. The application of such composites can be as fillers for people with tooth problems, bone regeneration, biomedical and drug delivery sectors.\" It is a huge sector where composites and further research is in demand, he said.Even in some cancer treatments, the calcium nano composites are useful. A detail research is on and once the results are out, its commercial implementation will be initiated, Rangari said.EoM/ND", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16871243", "title": "Manikonda Jagir case in static mode", "text": "HYDERABAD: The crucial Manikonda Jagir case appears to be in suspended animation as the AP State Wakf Board is yet to give specific directions to its senior counsels in the Supreme Court.The apex court, responding to the appeal by Lanco Hills Technology Park Private Ltd, one of the aggrieved parties, had granted injunction on a high court order in May last that had said that 1,654 acre and 32 gunta land in Manikonda and an adjacent village near Hyderabad was wakf property belonging to Hazrath Hussain Shah Wali Dargah.The hearing of the case in which the Wakf Board and the dargah committee challenged the stay order was scheduled on September 17 which did not happen. It was then learnt that the committee and board lawyers would be appearing before the registrar of the SC on October 15. That date too passed without any action in court.The case will move ahead only if the board directs its counsels to submit the counter. After submitting the counter to the stay order, the counsels seek the scheduling of the case. Though the board is said to have agreed upon a counter and appointed Fali Nariman as its senior counsel, it is sitting on the next move for reasons unknown.According to sources, there was a heated discussion when the Wakf Board met recently over the fee to be paid to senior counsels that include an advocate on record, two lawyers to whet the counter and the senior lawyer who will present the case. One of the members reportedly alleged that some persons were making commission on the fee. These allegations were not recorded in the minutes of the meeting. Several sets of dates were suggested for the board lawyers to visit Delhi and settle matters with the senior counsels, but no final decision was made, sources said.The sources said that any delay in fighting to get the injunction imposed by the Supreme Court lifted would adversely affect the stand of the board as some of the aggrieved parties could sell parts of the property and alienate it to create third party interest. Stating that the board's lack of seriousness in pursuing the case is a cause of concern, sources said the outcome of the Manikonda Jagir case in the SC was important as it would have an impact on wakf properties across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16872101", "title": "Digvijay Singh warns against diluting of RTI Act", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid growing clamour in Congress that misuse of the Right to Information (RTI) Act was responsible for its corruption woes, party leader Digvijay Singh has warned against dilution of the transparency law, saying it was necessary to cleanse the system.Five days after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh hinted at the need for review of RTI, Singh said the calls for dilution have existed since its promulgation but do not find favour with the Congress chief. \"You have to give credit to Sonia Gandhi who refused to accept the watering down of RTI in spite of the pressure from government,\" he told TOI.Singh said the information law was a catalyst in the avalanche of charges against public personalities, a view shared by large section of ruling camp.UPA ministers have protested the plethora of scams like 2G on the RTI, arguing that blanket access to information was scaring officials in taking decisions. Singh last week highlighted that breach of privacy and vexatious requests were negative offshoots of transparency law, a remark seen as reflecting the anger over attacks on land deals between Robert Vadra and realty giant DLF .However, the Congress general secretary said the concern over misuse did not merit dilution of RTI. \"There is no need to water down RTI. Transparency is important,\" he said, adding it created a deterrent against wrongdoing by officials and politicians.RTI has been the flagship legislation of ruling alliance bearing Sonia Gandhi's imprimatur. However, over two UPA tenures, it has emerged as bugbear of administration, with civil society and political rivals using it to unearth scams. In fact, all the scams \u2014 be it 2G or CWG or Coalgate \u2014 were triggered by documents accessed via RTI. The PM's loud thinking about revisiting the law underscored that patience in government was running out.Singh said information law had raised the awareness level among citizens which resulted in greater resonance of graft allegations. \"Economic liberalization in the era of RTI, 24x7 news channels and aggressive print media, those in government and public life have to be careful about what they do and say,\" he said, suggesting that greater caution was better than curbing information.The outspoken leader said all political parties were vulnerable in the changed times. \"But transparency is good, action against wrongdoing is good, it will act as deterrent against corruption. And for this, you have to give credit to the UPA,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16871172", "title": "No consensus yet on resource mobilisation", "text": "HYDERABAD: The critical issue of resource mobilisation has remained unresolved till the late Thursday afternoon with just a day left for the closure of the ongoing Conference of Parties (CoP-11) on biodiversity in the city. With the strongly-worded letter of the G-77 conglomerate going viral on Thursday within the corridors of the official venue, HICC, speculations were rife about this agenda item failing to reach any consensus even by the end of the convention on October 19. The G-77 (a group of developing nations that sources claim even include India and is headed by Algeria) had on October 17 circulated a statement making it amply clear that they would not implement the principles of the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) without sufficient funds from developed countries.Among other issues that failed to meet a point of agreement among parties on Thursday were discussions pertaining to financial mechanism. This too is an important point on the CBD agenda as it provides an indicative figure to the Global Environment Facility (the primary funder of biodiversity projects in the world) on what their sixth replenishment (starting 2013) should look like. About 30% of GEF's total budget is reserved for biodiversity projects.Talks on the Redd+ safeguards (these safeguards are said to help facilitate conservation work and reduce the extent of deforestation and degradation of forests) too did not reach any amicable conclusion till late afternoon. This agenda item has been a contentious issue, since the onset of the convention with observer groups stressing on the need to implement them, if at all, amidst high precautionary measures. Some claim that inappropriate implementation of the Redd+ safeguards might adversely impact not just the environment but also livelihoods.With the three most significant agendas of the conference still locked in disagreement, observers at the meet were found questioning the merit of the convention on Thursday. In the spotlight was India, which most felt did not live up to its expectations as the chair of the global meet. \"India's performance was disappointing as we had expected the hosts to take some strong decisions about making biodiversity an integral part of all its planning processes. We had also thought that there would be more assertive promises made about communities being recognised and given their rights,\" said Ashish Kothari, founder member of the Indian NGO, Kalpavriksh. On the convention, as a whole, not throwing up too many pleasant results, he said, \"The CBD is hugely influenced by the corporate sector, that in turn, is not too keen on access and benefit sharing (primary principle of the Nagoya Protocol). It is, therefore, natural for the member countries to come to a consensus on this issue.\"Some like Sumaira Abdulali, convener of Mumbai-based Awaaz Foundation, however, refused to give up hope till the close of the convention. Optimistic of a positive outcome, she said, \"The Prime Minister has said some very positive things. I only hope they are effectively implemented.\" Abdulali confessed that she would be happier had there been a stronger promise and commitment on safeguarding coastal biodiversity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16872280", "title": "Maoists desperate to retain Gaya\u2019s Dumaria-Imamganj turf", "text": "GAYA: After being virtually driven out of the Tekari subdivision in Gaya district, the Maoists appear to be desperate to retain their foothold in Magadh division and the Dumaria-Imamganj-Madanpur (Aurangabad) terrain eminently suits them.The loss of Tekari subdivision and the apparently weakened position in the area, once proclaimed as the 'liberated zone' by the Maoists, is attributed more than anything else to the tit-for-tat strategy of Ranvir Sena, the now extinct private army of the landowners founded by the slain Brahmeshwar Singh. Operating on least risk principle, the Maoists have found the Dumaria-Imamganj area more favourable for more than one reasons, including difficult terrain, non-accessibility, plenty of space in the forest and the hillocks to establish their base and a somewhat sympathetic demography that has been at the receiving end of feudal exploitation.Political patronage to the Maoists, according to Magadh watchers, also helped them. Now that political patronage, in some cases, has apparently been withdrawn on account of the increasingly more demanding nature of the Maoist wishlist and the compulsions of power politics, a section of Maoists feel cheated and, as such, adopted a more vengeful posture.The Maoists also find the Dumaria-Imamganj region more favourable on account of it having a long border with neighbouring Jharkhand. After executing the destruction agenda, they retreat to their base in Jharkhand and the apparent lack of co-ordination between the Bihar and Jharkhand police suits the Maoists.More cohesiveness of purpose among different agencies like CRPF, Special Task Force and the district police is needed for an effective anti-Maoist operation, say experts.The similarity of Thursday's blasts with two previous blasts in the region has also put a question mark on the strategy to combat Maoists who often manage to mislead the policemen through information provided by local informants of questionable credibility.Cops admit the institution of 'chowkidar' that used to be extremely helpful in policing has virtually crumbled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "badaun (up)", "code": "16874932", "title": "Mob tries to set ablaze UP officer, FIR against 154 people", "text": "BADAUN (UP): A mob of over 150 people allegedly tried to set ablaze the district supply officer in Dehgava village after he sealed a fair price shop selling adulterated diesel.An FIR has been lodged against 154 people, including 150 unidentified people, for the attack, police said on Friday.The incident took place on Thursday when on a tip off DSO Neeraj Singh raided fair price shop owner Girish Chandra's house and found him mixing kerosene with diesel.Finding this, the officer sealed the shop of Girish. While returning from there, he was surrounded by a mob including women, which tried to set him afire by sprinkling kerosene on him.The officer managed to escape from the spot and informed senior officers about the incident.On his complaint, two FIRs---one against Girish under Essential Commodities Act and other again Girish, Manoj, Sandeep and Mayank and 150 others was lodged for allegedly attacking him.Police is trying to arrest the other accused, who are at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16872207", "title": "Indian, US Navies to undertake submarine rescue operations", "text": "NEW DELHI: If an Indian submarine gets \"disabled\" deep underwater, the sailors are sunk since the country has only rudimentary submarine rescue facilities. Now, in a unique and complex endeavour, Indian and US Navies are coming together to practice the rescue of \"trapped\" submariners from deep under the sea.The Indo-US submarine rescue exercise will start later this month, with the US Navy slated to fly down a submarine rescue system - a deep-submergence rescue vessel (DSRV) or a submarine rescue chamber (SRC) \u2014 to Mumbai, say sources.The DSRV or SRC will then be shipped to the exercise area, where it will dive deep underwater to \"mate\" with the \"disabled\" submarine to rescue sailors in an intricate manoeuvre rarely practiced by Indian sailors.A DSRV or \"mini submarine\", equipped with pressurised chambers, sonars and cameras, can rescue 24 sailors at a time from a depth up to 610 metres after \"mating\" with a stricken vessel's hatch. At present, Indian sailors only bank upon \"submarine escape pressurized suits\", or the help of diving support ships like INS Nireekshak, but they can be used only for relatively shallow depths.Navy's endeavour to procure two DSRVs of its own, for just about Rs 1,000 crore, has been stuck in the doldrums for well over a decade now. As \"an interim measure\" in 1997, India had inked the contract with the US Navy for its \"global submarine rescue fly-away kit\" service, paying an initial $734,443 for it.But the agreement also got derailed due to the post-Pokhran-II sanctions in 1998. It was later revived in 2004, but there has been a huge delay in setting up the requisite infrastructure needed for it. This also included fitting of \"Padeyes\" - holding devices welded into submarine escape hatches to secure the DSRV - on Indian submarines. The US rescue system, as per the deal, will be transported to India within 72 hours of an emergency.Proper submarine rescue facilities are critical for India since it has an ageing fleet of 14 diesel-electric submarines \u2014 10 Russian `Kilo' class and four German HDW ones \u2014 apart from the nuclear-powered INS Chakra leased from Russia earlier this year.There are also six French Scorpene \"killer\" submarines, being constructed at Mazagon Docks under the Rs 23,562 crore 'Project-75', slated for delivery in 2015-20, three years behind schedule. India also hopes to make its own nuclear submarine INS Arihant operational next year, which is to be followed by two additional \"follow-on vessels\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872590", "title": "'Framed' ACP seeks FIR against ACB men in credit society row", "text": "MUMBAI: The dispute in the Mumbai police cooperative credit society, which has an annual turnover of over Rs 360 crore, has come to the fore and is under the scanner of the Bombay high Court.In an unprecedented case, an assistant commissioner of Mumbai police has moved the Bombay high court claiming that there is an attempt to implicate him in a \"false\" case.ACP (administration) Dhanraj Vanjari had urged the court to order the police to file a case of \"misuse of official position\" and misconduct against two of his colleagues in the anti-corruption bureau (ACB), who are also elected officebearers of the credit society.A division bench of Justices Abhay Oka and Sadhna Jadhav directed the ACB director-general or an authorized officer to respond to the petition and file an affidavit in two weeks.\"Vanjari is being targeted because he conducted an inquiry in an alleged scam against the officers,\" said advocate Pradeep Havnur, who is representing the ACP.Vanjari was the ex-officio executive chairman of the Brihanmumbai Police Karmachari Sahakari Patsanstha, at Naigaum. The chairperson of the credit society is the Mumbai police chief.In his petition, Vanjari has named assistant commissioner of police Dayanand Gawas (ACB) and head constable Vishwas Tamhankar (officebearers of the credit cooperative society in 2011), for a case by the ACB against him concerning the purchase of premises for the organization in Dadar, Naigaum and misappropriation of the society's funds.\"It is pertinent to note that the ACB inquiry (was initiated) only after the I submitted a report against Gawas and Tamhankar in a LIC fraud matter,\" Vanjari said in his petition, adding, \"Gawas in collusion with the other officials and using his influence as an ACP of the anti-corruption bureau is trying to register a false and bogus case against (me) only because I performed my duty without any fear,\" said Vanjari.He added that despite informing his superiors no action was initiated against Gawas and Tamhankar. Vanjari has sought that an FIR be registered under Section 13 of the Prevention of Corruption Act against the two officers for misconduct and misusing their official position for pecuniary benefit and an inquiry into the allegations by an independent agency. Earlier, he had shot to fame after the 26/11 attacks, when he accused a senior IPS officer for being forced to call of a patrolling operation at Badhwar Park, where the Pakistani terrorists had subsequently landed.shibu.thomas@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16875034", "title": "Raveena Tandon's son to meet Vishwanathan Anand", "text": "Raveena's five-year-old son, a chess champ in the making, will soon come face-to-face with the big daddy of the game, Vishwanathan Anand .Ranbirvardhan, who has already done his mom proud by winning several school-level tournaments, is now all set to compete with far older chess enthusiasts at the National School Chess Championship being hosted by the Delhi Chess Association on October 26. He will be the youngest chess player at the tournament. Incidentally,October26 happen stobe Raveena's birthday.Said the actress to TOI, \"I'll be in Delhi with my son and I can't think of a better way to spend my special day. I don't know where he got the knack for chess. No one in my family or my husband Anil's family plays chess. Ranbir has acquired a passion for the game on his own. He plays brilliantly and we see a bright future for him as a professional.\"Raveena knows Vishwanathan and his wife very well but has been cautious about introducing her son to him so far. \"I didn't want it to happen too soon for Ranbirvardhan. All in good time,\" she said. Raveena began dating film distributor Anil Thadani during the making of her film Stumped in 2003. They got engaged in November that year. The couple tied the knot on February 22, 2004 in Jag Mandir Palace in Udaipur in Rajasthan in the Punjabi tradition. Their daughter Rasha was born in 2005 while they got their second child Ranbir in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16872826", "title": "Is it dengi, dengu or deongu?", "text": "CHENNAI: 'Dengi', 'dengu', 'dengee' even 'deongu'. The dreaded disease, which can lay down patients for months with excruciating pain, is spreading rapidly across the state. People want to know how to avoid being infected by the disease but they're just as curious about how its name is pronounced.Infectious diseases experts say the right pronunciation is 'dengee'. The origins of the word, they say, aren't clear, but references are made to Swahili and Spanish. One theory is that it was derived from a Swahili phrase, Ka-dinga-pepo, which means \"cramping pain caused by an evil force\". But some virologists say the word 'dengue' is Spanish for \"hard to please\" or \"careful\", which describes the condition of person who suffers from the severe pain of the bones and joints caused by dengue.Medicos specialising in paediatrics at Madras Medical College said while they were researching on the first few cases of dengue, they found interesting facts about how it also came to be called 'breakbone fever'.\"Our professors have been teaching us about dengue in the past few weeks as we have been treating several patients,\" said a postgraduate medical student. \"We had to do some research for our notes and discovered some interesting facts on dengue.\"A paper on dengue by Imperial College Press said the term 'breakbone fever' was first used by Dr Benjamin Rush in 1789. \"We found that the term dengue came into general use only after 1828,\" the student said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872848", "title": "In recalibrated vehicles, pay for every 100 metres", "text": "MUMBAI: The first set of 1,200 autos with recalibrated e-meters has been rolled out. If you're lucky, from today, you will hop into an auto where you must pay for every 100 metres travelled and not 200 metres.The new recalibrated meters, which come with a yellow sticker seal for quick identification, are easy to understand. The minimum distance journey is 1.5km for which you need to pay Rs 15 while you subsequently pay for every 100 metres covered such as 1.6km (Rs 16), 1.7km (Rs 17) and so on. Currently, the e-meters showed a minimum distance of 1.6km followed by 1.8km, 2km and so on (a gap of 200 metres).Consumer rights activists have been demanding that passengers pay for every fraction of distance covered. \"It is a victory for consumers. As per the Consumer Protection Act, commuters should pay for every fraction, which is why, we had demanded the breakup in 100 metres before the Hakim Committee. This has actually come into effect,\" said Shirish Deshpande of Mumbai Grahak Panchayat.Auto unions, too, are happy with the new meters. A member of Sharad Rao's union said, \"If you look at the new meters closely, our drivers stand to earn an extra rupee.\" He said in the old meters, they earned Rs 12 for 1.6km. Now, the fare has been increased to Rs 15 for 1.5km, and drivers were charging Rs 15 for 1.6km as the meters were not recalibrated. But with the recalibration, the fare for 1.6km comes to Rs 16. \"So, isn't this a Rs 4 hike (and not Rs 3) for a one-mile distance of 1.6km?\" But this extra Re 1 hike on a one-mile distance will be nullified by the Re 1 loss to drivers on the last flag. \"The last flag decimal reading will be reduced to 100 metres. So, drivers will lose a rupee (for 100 metres),\" said a commuter activist.State transport commissioner V N More said, \"We appeal to citizens to keep an eye on the distance covered. If the distance is inflated, you can catch the driver for meter tampering and lodge complaints on our helplines or emails. A simple way to calculate auto fare is to multiply distance with 9.87. Similarly for taxis, multiply the distance covered with 12.35. It gives you the fare for the distance travelled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16875254", "title": "Raja Rani", "text": "Raja Rani is a sheer romantic comedy the producer claims and heaps praises on the young debutant director Atlee.\"I have been hearing scripts , one was always better than the other ,as far as Atlee is concerned I am awed with the director , his narration was perfect and I was amazed with the conviction and clarity Atlee commanded over the script . I had been producing films either on small or medium budget ...but this script demanded bigger budget and multi star value. The first name that struck my mind was Arya, he has been carrying himself so well and his timing was something I always admire, and we roped him as a hero,\" said Murugadoss.Nayanthara ever attractive as well as versatile is the female lead. Jai would be the surprise package of this film. Sathyaraj will play a vital clog in this flick while Santhanam will be all over the movie and guess the humour value of the film with Sathyan too.G V Prakash has composed his best melodies for this movie. George. C. Williams, a debutant, has donned the role of the director for of photography. \"I am proud to introduce talents like him and sure the industry will grab these youngsters as I see a very bright future for them. I am glad to produce films of good moral and commercial values. My banner will always will be a launching pad for good scripts and forever my banner will entertain the family audience,\" said the director.The movie will release in June 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871210", "title": "FIR against man for forging government letter", "text": "NEW DELHI: An FIR was registered against a man for allegedly forging a letter of the Union minister of state, home affairs, Jitendra Singh . The accused, Ravinder Kumar Verma, had applied for a red beacon on his car.The request was sent to the transport department of Dhanbad for getting the special privilege. A case has been registered with the EOW after the minister's office approached city police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16872103", "title": "API held for trying to extort 50L from biz man", "text": "PUNE: The Kothrud police on Thursday arrested suspended assistant police inspector Sunil Lokhande of the protection for civil rights cell, Mumbai, for allegedly threatening a city-based businessman and demanding Rs 50 lakh from him in 2010.According to the police, the incident took place on February 8, 2010. Around 9.30 pm, Lokhande and over 10 others barged into the office of businessman Kunal alias Balasaheb Kondiba Amle (35) of Kothrud. They thrashed Amle with a skipping rope, threatened him with a revolver and demanded Rs 50 lakh for settling a property deal. They also took his cell phone and threatened to kill his family members, if he informed the police about the incident.Amle said in his complaint that he had met Lokhande, a resident of Wanowrie, during a property deal three years prior to the incident.Chandrakant Ghodke, then senior inspector of the Kothrud police station, investigated the case and submitted a chargesheet under section 299 (record of evidence in absence of accused) of the CrPC.Lokhande and others were booked for offences under sections 397 (robbery or dacoity with an attempt to cause death or grievous hurt), 387 (putting a person in fear of death or of grievous hurt in order to commit extortion), 452 (trespass) and 342 (wrongful confinement) of the Indian Penal Code.Lokhande, who is under suspension, surrendered before the court on Thursday after the Bombay high court had rejected his anticipatory bail plea. He was later taken into custody, deputy commissioner of police (Zone I) Makarand Ranade told TOI.Earlier, senior inspector Kalyanrao Vidhate, in charge of the Kothrud police station, produced Lokhande before the court of judicial magistrate first class Swaroop Bose. Assistant public prosecutor A V Ausekar argued that Lokhande's custodial interrogation was essential to arrest his accomplices and recover the revolver as well as Amle's cellphone. In 2007, another case of extortion was registered Lokhande at Shirur police station, he added.The court remanded him in police custody till October 20.Lokhande had joined the police force as a sub-inspector in 1995. He was promoted to assistant inspector in 2004. He also runs a hotel near Shirur.eom/as", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16873132", "title": "Boy who fled home traced after 13 days", "text": "MUMBAI: Thirteen days after a 9-year-old boy went missing from outside his Sion home, the police on Thursday tracked down in Chunbhatti. The police reunited the boy with his grandparents around 9.30pm. His father was in Ulhasnagar when he got a call from his elderly parents that the police had brought back his son.Aditya Sathiyaraj (9), a Std IV student of Sion SIES School, reportedly ran away after he was made to stand outside their flat by his father Sathiyaraj Devraj (43) for reportedly telling a lie for coming home late after leaving his tuition class on October 6.Police stepped up the search for Aditya after they learnt about the Borivli incident where a 15-year-old boy had kidnapped and killed his 8-year-old cousin for ransom. Acting on a tip-off, the police managed to trace the boy around 9pm. \"The Borivli incident made us to put in all effort. We managed to trace the boy as he had not fallen into any wrong hands. But he was unable to give proper information as to how and with whom he travelled till Chunabhatti,\" said senior inspector Motiram Kasar of Sion police.Aditya's father Sathiyaraj told TOI, \"We are happy that he has returned home unhurt. He is in shock and needs some time before he can narrate what had happened.\" He also said he never scolded his son for his studies after his wife's death three years ago. \"He is dear to all in the family. I wanted him to be a straight forward person instead of starting his life with a lie. But I'm happy that he is back. The 13 days passed like a nightmare not knowing in what condition he would be,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "16872142", "title": "Boy buried alive", "text": "BHAGALPUR: A boy was killed and three others injured when a mound of earth fell on them at Gangapur under the Sultanganj police station area in Bhagalpur district on Thursday.Police said the mound caved in on four children who were digging soil. Sunni Kumar died as he was buried under the soil while Chanda Kumari, Suresh Kumar and Deepak Kumar sustained injuries. The body was sent for postmortem while the injured were hospitalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16871241", "title": "Leg injury triggers arthritis in Sunderbans tiger", "text": "KOLKATA: The Sunderbans tiger, undergoing treatment at the Alipore Zoo, was diagnosed with osteoarthritis on Thursday.Three zoo doctors \u2014 D N Banerjee, Arnab Majhi and Jayanta Roy Burman - in the presence of experts from the animal husbandry department, performed an X-ray on its hind legs on Thursday afternoon. \"Initially, it has been detected with infected osteoarthritis. We will consult other experts before deciding on a complete course of treatment. The tiger had to be tranquillized before performing the X-ray and it has regained consciousness now,\" said zoo director K L Ghosh. Eminent vet and a member of National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) Schedule I animal handling committee, Dr Swapan Ghosh, was also present when the X-ray was done.According to zoo director Ghosh, the prolonged internal injury on the tiger's left hind leg might have led to this arthritis. \"This injury also restricted the tiger's movement, leading to a starvation in it,\" he added.Meanwhile, state wildlife advisory board member Joydip Kundu said that this injury may be an outcome of a man-animal conflict. \"The forest department should take a serious note of it and step up the future conservation efforts in the Sunderbans,\" he added.Ghosh said that since it was a Thursday, the big cat was not offered any food. \"It's much better now and we will shift to its normal diet from Friday again. We are also planning to release the tiger in an open enclosure. We will observe it and decide whether it's fit to be released back to the wild,\" Ghosh added. It may be noted that the zoo doesn't offer food to any of the carnivores on Thursdays.The zoo officials had earlier said that a weak posterior of the big cat is a cause for concern. The tiger, aged about seven years, was earlier diagnosed with prolonged starvation. \"The blood and liver function tests had shown indication of starvation. There was discrepancy in the blood, urea and nitrogen ration (BUN) too. This showed that the kidney was not doing the filtering properly,\" zoo vet Dr D N Banerjee had earlier said.When contacted, Wildlife Institute of India's (WII) senior scientist YV Jhala said that complications like arthritis can be found in aged tigers. \"A tiger, aged seven years, is not too young. However, it can't be called an old tiger either. So, the age is a key factor here,\" he added.Chief wildlife warden S B Mondal said it's up to the zoo officials to decide when or whether it can be released back to the wild.Vet's TakeRenowned veterinary in the city, Dr Goutam Mukherjee, said that osteo arthritis is common in aged animals. A fluid called synovial fluid flows between the long bones, which prevents the friction between two bones. When an animal gets older, the fluid flow comes down resulting in frequent friction between the joint bones. This leads to osteo arthritis in an old animal. In this case, the arthritis was triggered by a prolonged injury. An improper healing of the injury might have resulted in constant damage of bones and muscle. This triggered infection and pain in the animal leading to arthritis", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16872701", "title": "Cops to plant decoys to trap robbers", "text": "LUCKNOW: To contain the growing menace of chain and purse snatching in the city, decoy squads have been deputed by police in regions prone to such incidents. About 12 individual teams, each comprising one female and three male constables in plain clothes, have been posted to keep vigil across stretches that have witnessed highest number of such incidents. Woman constables have been provided fake gold chains and told to roam the streets in crime-prone areas as bait for chain-snatchers who often attack vulnerable or lone women and vanish riding motorbikes. The male police counterparts who maintain a distance of 20 to 40 metre from the female constable, meanwhile, have been given the responsibility to nab the offenders red-handed. R K Chaturvedi, SSP Lucknow confirmed the news and added, \"The teams have been combing several areas including locations under Ghazipur police station which seems the worst affected stretch by this menace.\"Data of criminal incidents from 40 police stations across the district throws up two alarming statistics-a) there are two incidents of chain-snatching every three days and b) the number of such incidents is higher in trans-Gomti area given the affluent class residing there.A total of 39 cases of chain-snatching have been reported in Lucknow over August and September this year. Prime localities of Indiranagar, Aliganj and Gomtinagar have emerged as worst affected areas in that order. Whereas within the cis-Gomti Krishnanagar and Ashiana, the two upscale pockets in the region, remain most vulnerable to incidents of chain-snatching.Last Friday for instance one case each of chain-snatching was reported under Gomtinagar and Ghazipur police stations. While in Gomtinagar the gang members on bike struck at a woman who was out to buy groceries in the evening, the woman in Indirangar was attacked in broad daylight when she had gone to pick up her son from school.Out on evening stroll, upper middle class women in areas that are sparsely populated are easy victims of the chain-snatching gangs. Localities most prone to the menace in respective areas are outer sectors of the Gomtinagar Extension such as Vibhav Khand, Vijayant Khand and Vastu Khand while established sectors full of vehicular and pedestrian movements such as Vivek Khand and Vishal Khand also remain vulnerable.In Indiranagar B-block, C-block, Sector 18, Sector 19 and Sarvodaya Nagar have emerged as hotbed of snatching cases. While Chadralok Colony in Aliganj and Sector-K of Ashiana, too have witnessed snatching cases off late. Police have caught three gangs and a total of 32 people for chain-snatching in August and September and have also booked a gang comprising four members under the Gangster Act.The gangs operating in trans-Gomti comprise college students who have taken to petty crimes to afford a lavish lifestyle. \"Having a girlfriend and buying her expensive gifts is something a college student cannot do within his means,\" told an official from Ghazipur police station hinting at the reason behind the spurt in chain-snatching incidents.In cis-Gomti area, the offenders are from the Unnao-Kanpur belt who keep shuttling between Lucknow and Kanpur in search of victims. Recently, police busted a gang from Ashiana whose kingpin was from Gangaghat, Unnao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16872936", "title": "Tennis Club to seek a \u2018patient\u2019 hearing", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Trivandrum Tennis Club, after being given an ultimatum by the state government to either clear the lease dues of to vacate the property, is preparing to approach the government once again requesting the latter to go soft on the matter.According to sources, the club is in no mood to move court immediately, but would approach the government to give it a patient hearing.\"There are many points that have been left out. The club will request for a patient hearing, but nothing has been finalized yet,\" sources in the club said. The government had asked the club either to clear the lease default of Rs 6.5 crore or to surrender the property extending to 4.7 acre in the heart of the city to the Kerala State Land Bank.The government order was issued after hearing the contentions of the club, which had submitted a petition before the government to reconsider the district collector's notice and the land revenue commissioner's ruling to clear the lease dues.The government has also launched an inquiry into the matter that the club, which is functioning on the government land, had leased out a portion of the land to a petrol pump.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16875694", "title": "'Elar Char Adhyay' goes to IFFI", "text": "Bappaditya Bandopadhyay's film, Elar Char Adhyay, is among the 20 films that are part of Indian Panorama 2012 for the 43rd International Film Festival of India to be held in Goa.\"I came to know about it on Wednesday after an official announcement was made on the website. It is extremely prestigious to be part of the IFFI. But it would have been better had the honour come five-seven years back. I must also admit that IFFI is a platform that showcases Indian cinema to the world. A lot of foreign delegates come down to be part of it,\" he says.Rituparno Ghosh's Chitrangada \u2014 The Crowning Wish and Kaushik Ganguly's Shabdo have also made it to the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16872873", "title": "Literacy resolve on Sir Syed Ahmed Day", "text": "ALLAHABAD: There is an imperative need to spread the light of education to villages and make efforts for 100 per cent literacy rate in the country and that would be the real tribute to Sir Syed Ahmed Khan, asserted former Rajya Sabha member Wasim Ahmad addressing at a function in Kareli to commemorate Sir Syed Day.Referring to the contribution of the great educationist and founder of Aligarh Muslim University Sir Syed Ahmed Khan, former Rajya Sabha member observed that he established schools in Moradabad, Ghazipur and other places and that contribution of this great man to spread literacy is immense.Sir Syed Day is celebrated as the birthday of founder of Aligarh Muslim University Sir Syed Ahmed Khan.Advocate MA Qadeer said Sir Syed's life led a disciplined and punctual life and people should try to imbibe these qualities. General secretary of Allahabad chapter of AMU Old Boys' Association Bakhtiyar Yusuf reminisced the golden days spent in Aligarh Muslim University. He also presented a ghazal winning accolades from those assembled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16873422", "title": "2 fake CRPF constables held with 350 cases of smuggled liquor", "text": "PATIALA: Rajpura city police has arrested two persons, who were dressed as Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) constables and were also travelling in a similar vehicle like CRPF cops use. Police have seized 350 cases of smuggled liquor from vehicle and started further investigation.As per sources, the Rajpura city police had tip off about the activities of some liquor smugglers and possible attempts to smuggle big liquor consignment to other states from Chandigarh. On Thursday morning, a police party led by ASI Rupinder Singh intercepted a CRPF vehicle near city and started questioning two CRPF constables sitting in the vehicle. But both failed to give any satisfactory reply about the material lying inside of vehicle and police party got suspicious.During the search of vehicle police seized 350 cases of liquor, smuggled from Chandigarh at lower rates, and further questioning of both persons also revealed that not only the persons are fake CRPF constables, but the vehicle was also fake and accused modified the vehicle with CRPF colour to carry out their illegal activities of liquor smuggling.\"The arrested have been identified has Wajit Ali, dismissed CRPF constable from Gaziabad and Inderjit Singh from Ropar district. Since Ali knows everything about the CRPF, they stared smuggling liquor by posing as CRPF men,\" said SHO Rajpura city Vikramjit Brar.During preliminary investigation, it came to light that a liquor contractor identified as Mintu from Chandigarh was also involved in the racket. Accused with the help of contractor smuggled liquor from Chandigarh to Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan states at lower rates. Cops have been trying to prepare a detailed list of customers of illegal liquor of this gang and also suspect accused might have been supplying liquor to some students also at lower rates.\"We have been trying to locate their purchasers in Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan states. We have some vital clues about the involvement of some other persons of these states and are planning a strategy to arrest them,\" said the SHO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16872191", "title": "PMS mood swings a myth, new study says", "text": "LONDON: Premenstrual syndrome in women has been over-estimated and may not be the cause of their bad moods at certain times of the month, says a new study.Researchers have suggested that symptoms such as irritability are often unfairly blamed on a woman's period when other factors such as stress or a lack of support may be to blame, the Daily Mail reported.Premenstrual syndrome (PMS), also called PMT or premenstrual tension, is a collection of physical and emotional symptoms believed to be related to a woman's menstrual cycle.Researchers from University of Toronto assessed a number of studies relating to PMS. They concluded that the studies \"failed to provide clear evidence in support of the existence of a specific premenstrual negative mood syndrome\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16873377", "title": "Agriculture university develops new rice variety for saline fields", "text": "KANNUR: The Agriculture University in Padannakkad has developed another rice variety for the saline-prone 'kaipad' fields that are common in north Malabar.\"All varieties of seeds will not give the desired results due to the saline nature of the 'kaipad' fields. Hence we constantly undertake research to develop new varieties that can grow in highly saline and acidic conditions,\" said T Vanaja, chief researcher in the agriculture college.\"Though we have successfully cultivated the new variety in the 'kaipad' farms here, it would be named and officially released only after some time as a few more formalities need to be completed,\" she said.If properly cultivated, the new variety can yield up to six tonnes of paddy and eight tonnes of hay from a hectare. This would probably be the highest yield ever reported in the state.The university had earlier developed two rice varieties - Ezhome-1 and Ezhome-2. The new one is a continuation of that series. The varsity has also developed a new variety for normal farming. It is also in the final stages of development. A few more varieties are in the pipeline.\"Since we conduct research with the cooperation of farmers in Ezhome panchayat, we get to know their problems in a more realistic manner and find it easier to solve them. Moreover, the farmers here can easily identify with our seed varieties as they are also part of developing them,\" Vanaja said.\"The new varieties have been developed using organic breeding methods and hence are suitable for organic farming,\" she added.\"We should develop high-yielding seed varieties to meet the food needs of the state, where paddy cultivation is declining and farmlands are being reclaimed,\" she said.\"With these high-yielding varieties we want to tell the world that paddy cultivation will be profitable if you do it sincerely,\" said Vanaja.The university had earlier developed two rice varieties - Ezhome-1 and Ezhome-2. The new one is a continuation of that series. A few more varieties are in the pipeline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16871089", "title": "Behala dazzles more than rest of Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: If CESC records are anything to go by, the seat of lightings during Durga Puja, which was in north Kolkata two decades ago but shifted to the south at the turn of the century, is now firmly based on the south-western section of the city, particularly Behala.\"Till the 1980s, Simla Byam Samity, Vivekananda Sporting Club, Mohammad Ali Park and College Square in north Kolkata dominated the Puja scene, consuming most power to illuminate the pandal and its precincts. Of course, Park Circus in central Kolkata, Sanghasree in Kalighat and Sanghamitra in Bhowanipore were also big illuminators but they were more of an exception than a norm,\" CESC executive director (distribution services) Aniruddha Basu said.In the 1990s, the momentum shifted to south Kolkata with Ekdalia Evergreen, Singhi Park, Ballygunge Cultural, Mudiali, Deshapriya Park and Maddox Square hogging the limelight. \"Maddox Square still continues to be the leading consumer of electricity during Duga Puja but the balance of power has definitely shifted to Barisha Club, Natundal, Buroshibtola and Debdaru Phatak in Behala, Suruchi Sangha in New Alipore and Ajeyo Sanghati in Haridevpur - all in the south-west of the city,\" Basu pointed out.Though seven of this year's top-10 puja pandals in terms of power load is still located in south Kolkata, the aggregate consumption of leading Pujas in Behala nearly match south Kolkata, which has many more pujas to showcase.This year though, the power utility is not concerned about the conventional norm of demand hitting a peak on Puja eve as the weekend begins from Sashti. While CESC had anticipated a system demand of 1,900mw on Sashti against 1,623mw last year, it has now revised the demand forecast to 1,800-1,850mw. \"There's a nip in the air. Domestic AC consumption has nosedived. We don't anticipate a supply challenge this year,\" said CESC vice-president (system operations) BB Chakrabarti. The current demand is down to 1,650 MW.Power requirement for 3,470 community pujas is 4 million units, up from 3.8 million units last year. CESC expects to earn around Rs 3 crore from temporary connections. It will also waive off 10% of the amount billed to each pandal, aggregating Rs 36 lakh, up from Rs 31 lakh last year. The practice was introduced in 2011 as per chief minister Mamata Banerjee's wish.While demand usually peaks on Sashti, it usually crashes by 200 MW on Saptami when most offices shut down. On Dashami, it drops by another 200-250 MW as factories, too, cease operations. The comfortable supply-demand situation notwithstanding, CESC will deply 5,000 fault-repair staff at decentralized locations to meet exigencies.\"We will have an official posted at Lalbazar control room at all times. Also, there will be eight generators of 500 KvA that can each support a distribution transformer should there be a requirement,\" said Basu. It will also launch its drive against pilferage and unauthorized connections from Chaturthi instead of Sashti. The utility registered 113 FIRs against Puja offenders in 2011, up from 54 in 2010.Top 10 pandals in 2012 by applied load1. Ballygunge Durga Puja Samity, Maddox Square400 KW2. Youth Association, Md Ali Park190 KW3. Ballygunge Sarbajanin Dugotsab Samity170 KW4. Suruchi Sangha, New Alipore135 KW5. Mudiali Club, south Kolkata110 KW6. Beltala Shakti Sangha, Bhowanipore110 KW7. Sree Bhumi Sporting Club, Lake Town108 KW8. Mitali, Kankurgachi100 KW9. Ballygunge Cultural Association, Ballygunge100 KW10. Sanghasree, Bhowanipore100 KWTop 10 pandals in 2011 by applied load1. Ballygunge Durga Puja Samity, Maddox Square350 KW2. Suruchi Sangha, New Alipore160 KW3. Youth Association, Md Ali Park147 KW4. Ballygunge Pratisthan, Durga Bari135 KW5. Sree Bhumi Sporting Club, Lake Town108 KW6. Mitali Sangha, Kankurgachi100 KW7. College Square Sarbojonin100 KW8. Sanghasree100 KW9. Ballygunge Sarbojonin Durgotsav Samity100 KW10. Mudiali Club100 KW", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16871292", "title": "B Tech student commits suicide", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A 22-year-old B Tech second year student allegedly committed suicide after hanging herself in Greater Noida on Thursday night. Police said a suicide note has been recovered but it did not help clear the exact cause behind the student taking the extreme step.Circle officer Alok Priyadarshi said the deceased, Purti Gupta, is from Gurgaon. \"Prima facie it seems to be a love affair gone sour. The girl did not clear the cause for committing suicide. She has not held anyone responsible for the act,\" Priyadarshi said. The body has been sent for post mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "16872166", "title": "Australia, Rwanda, South Korea win non-permanent seats at UNSC", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: Australia, Rwanda and South Korea are among the five nations that were elected as the new non-permanent members of the powerful UN Security Council, replacing India, Colombia, Germany, Portugal and South Africa.The other two new members of the 15-nation Council are Argentina and Luxembourg.The five members will begin their two-year terms on January 1, 2013.The countries each had to get 129 votes or two-thirds of the 193-nation General Assembly to be elected. Rwanda got 148, while Australia took 140 and Argentina 182.South Korea beat Cambodia and Bhutan to secure the one Asia-Pacific seat.It received 149 votes in the second round of voting. Luxembourg won over Finland by winning 131 votes in the \"Western European and Others\" group.The other five non-permanent members at the Council are Azerbaijan, Guatemala, Morocco, Pakistan and Togo.Their terms will end in December 2013. The five permanent members - China, France, Russia, UK, US - have veto-wielding power.India had secured a seat to the council for a two-year term after winning overwhelmingly in elections held in October 2010.It had returned to the council after a gap of 19 years. it had held the rotating presidency of the council in August last year and will again serve as president in Novemberbefore its term ends on December 31. Australia has already sat on the council four times while Luxembourg has never been on the council.Among the nations that were vying for a seat on the Council were Bhutan, Buenos Aires, Cambodia, Finland and Kigali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16872702", "title": "HC stays info panel direction to court", "text": "CHENNAI: A Tamil Nadu Information Commission order directing the registrar-general of the Madras HC to furnish copies of a writ petition filed in 1988 and counter-affidavit filed in the matter along with the final orders to an RTI applicant was stayed by a division bench on Thursday.The bench comprising Justice P Jyothimani and Justice Aruna Jagadeesan stayed the May 15 order of the information commission, on a writ petition filed by the registrar-general of the court, G Chockalingam.In his petition, Chockalingam submitted that when the RTI application was received from A Kanagaraj of Tuticorin, the assistant public information officer had sent a reply in April last year stating that he could apply for copies of the documents by making an application to the copyist department in the court. Another identical reply was sent in December last year. In spite of the replies, the applicant submitted a fresh RTI query on December 23, 2011 seeking all documents along with typed set of papers. After the pleas were not considered, he approached the information commission.Chockalingam said the commissioner had erred in entertaining the application, as the earlier applications were disposed of as per the statute. The Madras High Court Appellate Side Rules had provision for obtaining copies of documents pertaining to cases filed in the court, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16872399", "title": "Man arrested for rape", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao police on Wednesday arrested Vishal alias Bostiao Fernandes, 22, a native of Khanapur, presently residing at Raia, on charges of kidnapping and raping a 14-year-old girl from Margao.Police said that the accused took her to Khanapur where he sexually assaulted her. Acting on a complaint, the Margao police traced the accused and the victim to Khanapur. While the accused has been arrested, the victim was rescued and sent to children's protective home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16871955", "title": "Nationalist Congress Party legislator using Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation's land to give Purti saplings", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the controversy over allotment of surplus land near VIDC's Wadgaon dam swirls around BJP national president Nitin Gadkari , few know that former NCP MLC Girish Gandhi was also allotted 54 acre by Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC).Gandhi and the farmers whose land was taken by VIDC are making contradicting claims regarding the use of the land by the latter. While Gandhi says that the land given to him was barren, local farmers claim they were cultivating it.Gandhi runs a charitable organization, Krishi Vikas Pratisthan (KVP), whose stated aim is to develop new methods to benefit farmers. VIDC allotted 54 acres to KVP. However, the organization has only 25 acres in its possession at present.KVP got the land in 2005 but didn't do anything for the first three years. \"It was a complete wasteland. We had to remove the weeds and bushes before we could start cultivation. We then developed a nursery and now we are growing sugarcane seeds and selling it to Purti Group,\" Gandhi told TOI.Vishwanath, the elder brother of Gajanan Ghadge, whose claims led to India Against Corruption (IAC) targeting Gadkari, says that the land was never barren and was being cultivated before VIDC gave it to Gadkari, Gandhi and others. Many other farmers told TOI the same thing.The farmers are bitter that KVP has been given the land at an annual lease rent of only Rs2,000 per hectare. Gandhi, on the other hand, says that he is paying the lease for entire 54 acre even though he has only 25 acre in possession.The ex-MLC said that in the coming months his organization would conduct agricultural experiments on the land to develop new techniques to benefit farmers. \"Till then we will run the nursery,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16873113", "title": "Rajasthan is now UPA govt's launching pad for welfare schemes", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan has been high on the Congress high command's agenda ever since the party made a comeback in the state in December 2008 after its humiliating defeat in December 2003. Party president and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi's scheduled visit, which will be the fourth in as many years, to the state indicates this.And every time she was here, Sonia has launched or announced significant additions to national welfare schemes from here, highlighting the importance the party attaches to the state that has had Congress governments for 49 years in the 65 years of country's independence. While at least four national schemes have been launched from the state since 2009, a couple of Central government's welfare schemes announced outside Rajasthan were first implemented here. The scheduled visit of Sonia to Dudu near Jaipur on October 20, too, has been planned to re-launch the Aadhaar card in its new avatar, which will now integrate five national schemes to provide subsidies directly to the beneficiaries. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is accompanying the ruling party president this time, as the state assembly elections are due next year.In August this year, the UPA chairperson was in Barmer to dedicate a drinking water project for the local people as well as to launch the Mukhya Mantri Shahari BPL Awas Yojana, a housing scheme for the urban poor. In June 2011, Sonia was in Banswara to launch the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM) and a housing scheme for the rural poor. While NRLM is a national plan for poverty alleviation, both the housing schemes for the state are part of the national Indira Awas Yojana, besides being funded by the central agency HUDCO.The first time the UPA chairperson visited the state after the present Congress government came to power was on October 2, 2009 on the occasion of golden jubilee celebrations of introducing the panchayati raj system in the country.It was the day when the national rural employment guarantee scheme was rechristened after Mahatma Gandhi. The same day chief minister Ashok Gehlot announced, in the presence of Sonia at Nagaur, to transfer 16 subjects to the panchayats towards realising Mahatma Gandhi and late Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi's dream of decentralization of power. The Gehlot government, though, has transferred only five subjects to the panchayats till now.Besides the UPA chairperson, union ministers have also been launching national schemes from Rajasthan. Minister of petroleum and natural gas, Murli Deora launched the Rajiv Gandhi Gramin LPG Vitrak Yojana, a national scheme to provide LPG to rural household at Laxmangarh near Sikar on March 14, 2010. Union social justice and empowerment minister Mukul Wasnik launched the Pradhan Mantri Adarsh Gram Yojana from Sriganganagar on July 23, 2010. At the same time, the state government has been the first to launch schemes like the Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojana (September 12, 2011), Chief Minister's Free Medicines Scheme (October 2, 2011), the Right to Hearing Act (August 1, 2012) and Free Medicines Scheme for Livestock (August 15, 2012).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16871652", "title": "Vasundhara Raje to break away from BJP to form own party?", "text": "JAIPUR: Even as BJP battles instability in its Karnataka unit along with former CM B S Yeddyurappa threatening to walk out, a bombshell seems to be waiting to explode for the party in Rajasthan, with Vasundhara Raje on the verge of revolting against party's central leadership.Raje, former Rajasthan CM and currently the leader of opposition in the state assembly, is considering to walk away with a big chunk of \"loyalists\" to float her own regional party before assembly polls in the state \u2014 due in December next year \u2014 if the leadership does not recognize her pre-eminence in the state unit. Raje has demanded a say in the appointment of state chief, and an upper hand in the distribution of party tickets for the assembly polls.Raje is widely acknowledged to be the only leader in the BJP with a pan-state appeal: something which defies Rajasthan's reputation as a conservative state and has baffled political observers and sociologists alike. It is also recognized that sabotage was the chief reason why she failed to pull off a win in the last assembly election despite coming close to pulling off one in the face of anti-incumbency.The grouse of Raje and her supporters is that the appreciation of her being the best bet for the party is not reflected in way central leadership has been conducting its affairs, insisting on a parity among the party between her and the \"leaders who have no influence outside their assembly constituencies\".The indulgence of indiscipline has encouraged disproportionate ambitions, dealing a blow to the authority of the leadership. \"Devi Singh Bhati (Kolayat MLA) has launched an independent campaign and challenged the party leadership to stop his campaign. Gulab Chand Kataria is already moving places. There is no discipline in the party and senior leaders are shy of projecting Vasundharaji as a party leader. That leaves her with no option but to think about options beyond BJP,\" said a Raje loyalist.\"Madam (Raje) was aghast at the national leaders' indifference towards her repeated demand for a free hand in the run-up to assembly polls in the state,\" BJP MLAs aligned with Raje told TOI.A leader from the Raje camp claimed that 70 out of the 79 MLA have expressed their support to Raje, and several other party leaders are also willing to follow suit.While efforts to contact Raje proved futile, her trusted lieutenant and party chief whip in the state assembly, Rajendra Singh Rathore also refused to comment on the issue. \"I have no information in this regard,\" he said.Raje camp insiders said that they were in touch with a few independent legislators, including the six \"turncoat\" MLAs elected from the BSP who went on to join the Congress, providing a majority to the Ashok Gehlot government.Raje is also said to be mulling over an alliance with the BSP as that will not only strengthen them in eastern Rajasthan but also fetch a sizeable number of Muslim votes.The BSP did well in eastern Rajasthan during the 2008 assembly polls in the state as six MLAs were elected and several of its candidates finished runners-up.The trouble in Rajasthan unit spells serious concern for the party. BJP is hoping for a good tally of Lok Sabha seats from the state, but the prospect could suffer a setback if Raje heeds her supporters to go her separate way.Raje could be the latest addition to a long list of regional satraps of the BJP, who have had a falling out with the national leadership. Yeddyurappa is also toying with the idea of floating a regional party as the high command has refused to reinstate him as chief minister of Karnataka.The party has still not recovered from the loss caused by the exit of Kalyan Singh in Uttar Pradesh and Babulal Marandi has emerged a strong regional force in Jharkhand after parting ways with the BJP.The trend of satraps launching their own outfits is also seen as fallout of the vanishing Hindutva fervour and BJP's failure to find a replacement for the charismatic Atal Bihari Vajpayee.After attending the recent assembly session in the state, Raje is camping in New Delhi. She met with several senior party leaders in the national capital to convince them about giving her a free hand to take final calls about the assembly polls. It was learnt that Raje also asked for state party chief Arun Chaturvedi to be substituted by a colleague of her choice, and rejection of the candidature of Gulab Chand Kataria, her detractor for the post.Senior leaders have rejected her demands and suggested that they will let her lead the party but no \"free hand\" will be encouraged as unanimity ought to be maintained among senior state leaders on all major issues.Kataria is a known Raje baiter and has already tried to open a parallel front as he planned a \"rath yatra\" against corruption in the beginning of this year. Raje vehemently opposed Kataria's proposed campaign and that latter had to cancel the plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16873418", "title": "When Manmohan Singh looked for his lost cycle", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"One morning as I walked down to my department, I saw a perplexed professor, looking for something. When I went closer, I saw Manmohan Singh looking for his cycle,\" recalls Jitender Mohan, now professor emeritus who joined Panjab University as a student in 1960.\"E-139 was Singh's address... he was not at all a pompous person. He bought a new cycle when he became a professor,\" adds Mohan, who has been a part of PU's journey as a student and later as a teacher and internationally-acclaimed psychologist.Recalling another interesting incident related to PU's yesteryears, he says, \"The most memorable incident is when Hazari Prasad Dwivedi \u2014 legendary Hindi novelist who was also head of PU Hindi department \u2014 was lifted by his students on their shoulders after he delivered a fantastic lecture on a disciple of Guru Gobind Singh. His laughter was famous among his students.\"Narrating how easy it was to meet a vice-chancellor, he adds, \"A C Joshi was the VC when I was a student here. A student could just walk into his office with any problem and it was addressed.\"The PU psychology department started in 1959 and in 1960, Mohan joined its master's course. \"My university address as a student was 1-1-57 \u2014 hostel 1, block 1, room number 57.\"Digging out his diary and old documents, he recalls how creation of Ankur School on campus, which was earlier a day-care centre, was an important event. \"In 1966-67, four women -- wife of former VC Suraj Bhan, wife of former VC R C Paul, wife of zoology professor G P Sharma, wife of then registrar Sujan Singh, helped set up this day-care centre and school,\" adds Mohan, who is the first Indian Council of Social Science Research (ICSSR) national fellow and first president of international society of mental training.\"I still remember how the exhibition put up by Mulk Raj Anand was held on the top floor of PU's main library in 1960s,\" he says before signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16873380", "title": "Mobile tower policy silent on radiation", "text": "cHANDIGARH: Three years after it was started, the draft of the mobile tower policy for Chandigarh has finally been notified but it doesn't spare much thought for tackling the effects of radiations, and the focus is more on providing \"seamless\" connectivity across the city.Though the administration initially contemplated to earmark vacant lands away from the densely populated residential areas where cluster of towers could be put up, it has now been decided to allow micro cell-based stations even in residential areas in sectors 1 to 6, and the southern sectors.According to the policy, mobile or wireless telephone towers have been allowed on non-residential buildings in Chandigarh but in case of heritage buildings, prior approval of the Chandigarh Heritage Conservation Committee has been made mandatory.According to UT's new mobile tower policy, more than one cellular operator will have to share a tower. \"However, on the basis of justified technical requirements like coverage requirements, capacity requirements, available spectrum and frequency usage restriction, the number of operators sharing the mobile towers can be reduced to two, but in no case this number can be reduced to less than two,\" reads the policy.According to the new norms declared by ministry of communications and IT in September, the minimum distance of a tower (with two antennae) from a residential building has to be 35 metres. A UT official, however, said department of telecommunications (DoT) is the enforcement agency for these norms but it has been mandatory to produce test report on safety standards conducted by a third party in keeping with the norms laid down by the Centre. There may still not be any conclusive evidence of effects of mobile radiations, residents feel it is not difficult to find a solution which takes care of their concerns without affecting connectivity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871261", "title": "Education department to buy 2.5 lakh desks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Waking up to the acute shortfall of desks in government-run schools, the Delhi government's education department has decided to issue tender for procuring 2.5 lakh desks. The department added that the tendering process must be completed within a month's time to ensure the availability of desks in phases over the next few months.According to government figures, five lakh students \u2014 of total 15 lakh studying in various government schools \u2014 sit on floor to study. But despite government's best efforts, the probability of students getting their desks by this winter is negligible. \"We are trying to push it as hard as possible. Lets hope we get it at the earliest,\" said education Minister Kiran Walia, after a meeting with senior officers of finance and planning department on Thursday.For a long time, this matter has been shuttling between one department and another despite previous education minister, Arvinder Singh Lovely , passing an order to do the same in July last year.One of the reasons for the delay, said sources in education department, has been the ongoing negotiations between the finance department and DSIIDC over the latter's demand of 3% service tax for the job. After taking over education department in September this year, Walia had asked for a change in desk design. \"The sample showed to us had too many nails, and I had ordered for a better design. We are also trying to resolve the service tax issue also,\" Walia added.At present desks for government-run schools are procured from the carpentry unit of Tihar Jail but the same is not being able to meet the demand now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16872002", "title": "Maoists kill village guard in Koraput", "text": "KORAPUT: Taking punitive action against suspected police informers, Maoists gunned down a gram rakkhi ( village guard) in Koraput district on Thursday, two days after the Red rebels had abducted him from his village. The deceased gram rakkhi was identified as Bhagaban Naik (40) of Girliput village.According to sources, a group of around 20 Naxals swooped down on Naik's house, situated at a distance of about 60 km from here, under Boipariguda police limits on Tuesday night and took him along with them.Villagers spotted Naik's body lying in a pool of blood in a forested road between Girliput and Majhiguda village on Thursday morning. \"Naik had refused to go with the rebels, but after they assured him that he will be freed after discussion on some issue, he went with them but never returned,\" said a Girliput villager.Villagers said Naik was the only earning member of his family. After his death, the family is in need of immediate government assistance.The Machkund dalam of the CPI (Maoist), which claimed responsibility for the offensive, said in a letter left at the crime spot the gram rakkhi was murdered for acting as a police informer. \"Naik was punished as he was passing information about the Naxal movement in the area to police. Anyone who works as police informer will meet with a similar fate,\" read the Maoist letter.Police dismissed the Maoists' claim that the deceased was a police informer. \"Naik was not our informer. We have our own network of sources to gather information for our anti-Maoist operations. We never depend on village guards for information about Naxals as they seldom come to the respective police stations,\" said SP Koraput Awinash Kumar.According to the SP, the Maoists kill anyone to settle their personal scores and label them as police informers to garner public sympathy.A few weeks ago, the Maoists had murdered two gram rakkhi's in Malkangiri district on similar charges of being police informers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16872821", "title": "Rabid stray horse attacks Trichy residents", "text": "TRICHY: In a rare incident, a stray horse bit a number of people, including a helpless old woman when she was on her way to a doctor's residence, at the busy Thillainagar area in Trichy on Thursday morning. The horse suspected to have developed rabies, chased and bit the woman named Nagarathinam on her hands and thigh. The woman was sent to a private hospital for necessary vaccination and treatment.Eyewitnesses said that an auto driver came to her rescue, but the animal could not be tamed since the stray horse did not have a snaffle bit on it. The animal also terrorized a few others and caused them mild injuries. The corporation was informed and a team of veterinary doctors accompanied by 15 corporation workers set out to tame the animal before it could wreak havoc on more people. The incident caused quite a flutter for about three hours in the area.\"It is a very rare case. Usually rabies are transmitted by dog bites and this is the first time I have come across such a case,\" the joint director of the animal husbandry department in Trichy, E Chinnadurai told TOI. Meanwhile, though symptoms of rabies are clearly manifested in the animal, Dr Palanivel, professor from the department of preventive medicine from the Namakkal Veterinary College was immediately summoned to diagnose the case decisively as Trichy does not have such a lab facility. Dr Palanivel took corneal and brains smears. After the horse was temporarily tied to a lamp post by the workers, it started biting itself, a syndrome that clearly indicated the manifestation of rabies, said another doctor. However, the rogue animal that was caught after it was sedated died later in the evening, said Chinnadurai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hillsville (virginia)", "code": "16872227", "title": "American gets new face after extensive transplant", "text": "HILLSVILLE (VIRGINIA): A 37-year-old US man injured in a 1997 gun accident has been given a new face, teeth, tongue and jaw in what doctors say is the most extensive face transplant ever performed. Seven months after a strong contingent of 100 doctors operated on Richard Lee Norris, from Hillsville, Virginia, pictures were released earlier this week showing the results of a 36-hour final surgery performed in March.Norris was injured in a gun accident 15 years ago where he shot himself in the face. He lost his nose, sense of smell and part of his tongue after the accident, and has since undergone multiple life-saving surgeries. He is now able to feel his face, shave, brush his teeth and is slowly regaining his sense of smell as well as his speech.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "dudu", "code": "16873219", "title": "Overnight changes in Dudu", "text": "DUDU: Studies of about 2,500 students have been affected as the administration closed down a couple of government and private schools in the area from Thursday till Saturday. Over 200 venders have been removed temporarily from the area. Meanwhile, Dudu residents are amazed at the sight of choppers continuously flying over their heads. They said they have never seen such a facelift of the area.\"I had passed the area last night. There were potholes on the road in front of SDM court as usual. However, everything changed by Thursday morning. First, I thought I had sleepwalked and got up at some other foreign location,\" said Ramprasad, a villager. He added that VVIPs should visit every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16873059", "title": "Private hospital stay to end for Suresh Jain", "text": "MUMBAI: Former Maharashtra housing minister and Shiv Sena leader Suresh Jain has been in various hospitals since March, when he was taken into judicial custody. For the last three months, he has been in Jaslok Hospital. \"The Supreme Court while rejecting his bail plea said his medical condition was not critical or precarious to consider bail and directed that if he should require medical treatment, he should be taken to a government hospital,\" said special public prosecutor Praveen Chavan who has been handling the matter right from the trial court stage.He said that once the written order was received, Jain would be taken into custody by the Jalgaon police and will probably be shifted to Nashik Jail.The Supreme Court order came from a three-judge constitutional bench, comprising Chief Justice Altamas Kabir, Justice Surinder Singh Nijjar and Justice J Chelameswar.\"During the hearing, the court observed that considering Jain's ability, capacity and tendency to pressurize witnesses, it is not a fit case to release him on bail though a charge-sheet had been filed,\" said Chavan,Jain (represented by senior counsel Uday Lalit) was a cabinet minister in the Shiv Sena-BJP government when the housing scam started. He was arrested on March 10. Chavan said that considering his medical status, Jain was granted interim bail on March 22 and was operated upon on March 25.A local court had directed Jain to surrender within a month of his discharge from hospital. But since March 22, he has been in various private hospitals \u2014 a Jalgaon hospital, Breach Candy (where he underwent a bypass in March) and lastly Jaslok.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "16870807", "title": "Tribals in Netarhat Plateau yet to get fresh water facilities", "text": "GUMLA: Tribal areas in the Netarhat Plateau are yet to get a drinking water facility as contractors stay away from bidding for the project fearing extortion by Maoists in the Pat region.The drinking water and sanitation division (DWSD) of Gumla has floated tenders five times since June 2011 for six drinking water projects in the Pat region. But contractors showed little or no interest in taking up any of these projects fearing extortion threats by the red rebels, said assistant engineer with the DWSD Gumla, Sunil Khalkho.Tribal people in the region have to trek 2km to 3km with buckets and pots to fetch water from streams.\"Fear of Naxalites as well as the difficult terrains deter contractors from putting in tender papers for these schemes while supervision too is difficult on their part,\" said a local contractor.Drinking water has always been a problem in this region, which is around 3,500 ft above sea level. Hamlets like Jobhipat, Chaurapat, Amkipat and Polpolpat, among others, have no source of water except the natural streams.\"The primitive tribes of this region have been demanding availability of potable water for the past 30 years. But it is still to be realized. The residents of several hamlets, inhabited mostly by the Asur tribe, are compelled to bring water on their heads in buckets and other pots,\" said Bimal Asur, president of the Adim Janjati Yuva Sangh Jagriti Abhiyan.Asur, who is a resident of Polpolpat, said sometimes contaminated stream water leads to water-borne diseases, killing many every year. Hand pumps installed a few months ago stopped functioning within 3-4 months of their installation, added another resident Lalit Asur.The district administration has asked DWSD here to suggest alternative ways if tender bid fails again, said district planning officer JJB Tirkey.During a janata durbar of the district administration organized at Dumarpat last year, tribal people apprised former Gumla DC Rahul Sharma of the problem.He had sanctioned six water supply schemes for the residential high schools for tribal students at Chaurapat and Jobhipat, village water supply scheme for Polpolpat and Jobhipat and one Banari pipeline water supply project ( renovation) on May 30, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16870988", "title": "More Air India Express flights to Gulf from Karipur", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Air India Express (AIE) will add over 2,313 seats from Karipur airport to the Gulf in its winter schedule, ramping up the total seat availability on key Middle East routes by 56%.Ansbert D' Souza, chief operating officer (COO) of Air India Express, said at a press conference here on Thursday that the airline would enhance its Gulf operations from Karipur from the current 33 to 48 flights per week to provide expatriates from Malabar better connectivity.He said the main focus of the airline in its winter schedule would be to maintain the stability of operations by avoiding flight cancellations and diversions.Deputy chief operating officer Captain Pushpinder Singh said the airline would operate daily flights to Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Sharjah, Doha, Bahrain, Muscat and Dammam. In addition, it would fly three flights a week to Kuwait , two to Salalah and one to Al Ain. In the domestic sector, the airline would operate daily flights to Kochi, three flights a week to Mumbai and one flight weekly to Thiruvananthapuram.The new schedule would make Karipur the airline's biggest operational hub with 59 flights a week.AIE top brass admitted that its summer schedule had been hit by numerous cancellations causing major problems to passengers. They said the airline had taken concrete steps to avoid cancellations in its winter schedule.\"Yes, there were a lot of cancellations, but most were beyond our control and was mainly because of the strike by Air India pilots and the new norms put in place by the DGCA regarding flight and duty time rules for pilots. However, we have now ensured that there would be no shortage of pilots and aircraft during the winter schedule,\" Pushpinder Singh said.In order to avoid flights getting diverted owing to bad weather, all arrivals into Karipur would be before 5 am or after 11 am, he added.To a question on the impact of the proposed Air Kerala on AIE, he said Keralites considered Air India Express as their own airline. \"Air India Express was essentially started to operate from Kerala and we urge the people of this state to consider it as their own airline as 80% of our operations are from here,\" he said.P T G Kutty, station manager, Air India, Kozhikode and Aby George, manager, corporate communications, AIE were present at the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16872510", "title": "No change in spectrum auction schedule: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday issued notices to the Centre and Tata Teleservices Ltd (TTL) on a petition by Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI) seeking a direction for cancellation of 19 spectrum allocations, including those to TTL, and auction them along with the 122 licences scrapped by the apex court on February 2.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and K S Radhakrishnan, while issuing notice on the petition filed by COAI, Idea cellular, Bharti Airtel Ltd and Vodafone West Ltd, to the Centre and TTL, clarified that this would have no impact on the schedule for auction of the 122 cancelled licences which is commencing from November 12.Appearing for the COAI and other petitioners, senior advocates A M Singhvi and Maninder Singh said that the Centre decided to auction 122 cancelled spectrum licences but \"excluded 19 spectrum allocations in 1800 MHz band allotted to TTL pursuant and subsequent to the two press releases of January 10, 2008\" during the tenure of A Raja as telecom minister, which sparked the 2G spectrum scam.They said that the February 2 judgment of the apex court cancelled all spectrum allocated pursuant and subsequent to the January 10, 2008, press release. \"Thus, 122 blocks of spectrum allocated to new licensees and 19 blocks of spectrum allocated to companies who had applied for usage of dual technology spectrum including TTL,\" the petitioners said.The court sought response from the Centre and TTL by November 8. It also resumed focus on the investigations into the alleged irregularities committed during the allocation of spectrum during Dayanidhi Maran's tenure as telecom minister and during the NDA regime.It directed the CBI, Enforcement Directorate and the Income Tax department to file their latest status reports before the court on November 8, when it would take them for hearing.Meanwhile, the COAI and other cellular operator petitioners alleged that the centre's decision to unilaterally exclude the spectrum in the 1800 MHz band allocated to TTL was in gross violation of the directions given by the Supreme Court.The apex court's order entailed taking back of all 141 quashed blocks of spectrum allocations, which amounts to 514.8 MHz of spectrum in 1800 MHz band and 60 MHz of spectrum in 800 MHz band allocated pursuant to press releases issued on January 10, 2008.On August 24, telecom secretary R Chandrasekhar had given an undertaking to the apex court that the February 2 judgment \"is being implemented fully, faithfully and as expeditiously as possible.\" The petitioners said: \"the press release issued by the Centre refers to only 122 licenses and excluded 83.6 MHz of spectrum allocated to TTL, which also stood cancelled by the February 2 judgment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16871451", "title": "Dengue kills woman, death toll touches 60 in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: The city recorded yet another dengue death on Thursday. Sumita Makhal, 23, a resident of Nepalganj in Bishnupur block of South 24-Paraganas succumbed to the virus at the MR Bangur Hospital after a five-day battle.Makhal was admitted last week with dengue-like symptoms and her NS 1 test turned out positive. The hospital, though, refused to register it as a dengue death. \"She was NS 1 positive but that does not necessarily prove that she had dengue,\" said Santosh Ray, superintendent of MR Bangur.Though the official death toll from dengue is nine, more than 60 are believed to have died in Kolkata. The last deaths occurred on October 13 when a 36-year-old woman died at Calcutta Medical College and Hospital, and a 12 year-old girl succumbed at BC Roy Hospital. While the woman had tested positive under the Mac Elisa test, the girl was NS 1 positive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16870709", "title": "Speeding trucks collide, one killed", "text": "NOIDA: One person died and three others were seriously injured when two trucks collided at a crossing in Sector 53 in Noida early on Thursday morning. Both vehicles were being driven at reckless speed and collided head-on, police said.The driver of the DCM Toyota truck was stuck inside with the steering wheel crushing his chest. A crane was brought to pull away the truck and rescue the driver. All the four injured were taken to Kailash Hospital, Noida, after which they were referred to AIIMS in Delhi.The incident occurred at 3.45am near the Gijode crossing. A speeding truck was being driven from the Sector 60 side while the other vehicle, a DCM Toyota, was coming from the opposite direction. Since both vehicles were travelling at a great speed, the drivers lost control and collided, said an eyewitness. The impact of the crash was such that while the bigger truck climbed on to the road divider, the smaller vehicle turned on its side.The deceased, Ramesh, succumbed to his injuries on the way to the hospital, while the injured driver of the DCM Toyota has been identified as Bhoop Singh. The conductor of the DCM, Rambeer and Dharmender, a co-passenger also sustained injuries in the accident. The DCM Toyota truck was laden with vegetables and was on its way from Agra to the vegetable mandi, police said.The driver of the other truck fled after the accident. Police have registered a case of rash and negligent driving on a complaint by Santosh Sharma, the owner of the DCM Toyota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16875632", "title": "Iranian caught for peddling narcotics", "text": "BANGALORE: An Iranian student, studying in a prestigious college in Bangalore was caught peddling narcotics on Wednesday.A special team of the central crime branch (CCB) of the city police arrested Saeidi Mozhdeh Ehsan, 31. He is residing at Vinayaka Layout, Boopasandra.On a tip-off, police raided Ehsan's house and seized Rs 5 lakh worth of drugs, including 65 gm of magic mushroom, 100 gm of opium, 7kg ganja, charas, syringes and ecstacy tablets. Police said that he had come to Bangalore from Iran in 2005 and his visa expired on June this year.Heusedto visitGoa and other places, buy drugs and sellthem in thecity to people known to him.Sanjaynagar police have registered a case.\"His visa details have been sent to the foreigners regional registration office. But he cannot be deported as he is currently facing criminal charges of selling narcotics,\" a police officer said. The officer also added that Ehsan himself was a drug addict and was caught for the first time in this offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16871853", "title": "Tour operators plan election tourism in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Trust Gujaratis to smell a business opportunity in the most unexpected corners! The Gujarat Association of Tour Operators (Gato) plans to offer 'election tourism' to foreign travellers on the two days fixed for polling in the state \u2014 December 13 and 17.The idea to market the election will be promoted at the upcoming four-day 'World Travel Market' at London , starting November 5. A concept note in this regard has already been sent to chief electoral officer of Gujarat, Anita Karwal.\"Most of our members are looking forward to conducting such tours. The assembly elections in Gujarat will be a good start. It has all the colour, noise, controversies, and drama,\" says Gato chairman Manish Sharma. \"A separate section of our plan involves showing the guests how free and fair elections are conducted. The vast government machinery involved in the exercise will also be a highlight.\"The countries from where the operators plan to attract tourists initially are the UK, Ukraine, Indonesia, Thailand, Singapore, Uganda, Kenya, South Africa, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Austria, Canada, New Zealand and Australia.Sharma says that tourists will also be taken to villages and small towns to interact with locals on what election means to them. \"The three-tier democratic process, which includes the panchayati system is a unique form of governance. Visitors will be shown how votes are cast. How caste and community equations play a crucial role in Indian elections. We will interview a few candidates who are following the voting percentages of different constituencies. However, we will not interfere with the election process.\"It is now left to the Election Commission to decide whether it wants to turn the drama of elections into a tourist attraction or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16874038", "title": "80 years on, 'Newsweek' goes all-digital", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16873407", "title": "Targeting dowry, graft", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Ramleela performances often attract a good number of people, comprising people of all ages. And this opportunity could serve as a platform to spread awareness on social evils, believes a city-based Ramleela group. The group has added some scenes with a view to awaken people against corruption, dowry and sexual harassment.Mukesh Sharma, director of Gharwal Ramleela Mandal (bijli board), Sector 28, said, \"A large number of youngsters and kids visit the Ramleela grounds. This is an effective medium to reach the masses. We have added a scene where Ram helps Ahilya (who was violated) and appeals to people to accept her. Ram would tell people to respect women.\" Another member of the group said, \"People respect these actors and we feel that spreading awareness through them is a good idea. At the same time, we'll ensure that religious sentiments are not hurt.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16872245", "title": "Prehistoric fish holds the secret to your smile", "text": "LONDON: Humans owe their pretty grins to a prehistoric fish which roamed the oceans over 400-million-years ago, a new study has found.The gruesome gnashers of the primitive fish called Compagopiscis suggests humans may have developed working teeth and jaws much earlier than previously thought.A 380 million-year-old fossil of the fish, found in Australia, was examined under the latest high energy X rays to create a 3-D image of what it would have looked like.Researchers led by the University of Bristol, who studied the jaws of Compagopiscis, found that these earliest jawed vertebrates possessed teeth too. This indicates our whites evolved along with, or soon after, the evolution of jaws, they said.\"We were able to visualize every tissue, cell and growth line within the bony jaws, allowing us to study the development of the jaws and teeth. We could then make comparisons with the embryology of living vertebrates, thus demonstrating that placoderms possessed teeth,\" lead author, Dr Martin Ruecklin of the University of Bristol said.\"This is solid evidence for the presence of teeth in these first jawed vertebrates and solves the debate on origin of teeth,\" co-author, Philip Donoghue of the University of Bristol's School of Earth Sciences said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16873151", "title": "Bengali cuisine lures Indoreans at Anand mela", "text": "INDORE: Indoreans, apart from people from the Bengali community will relish Bengali cuisine at the two-day Anand Mela that began here on Thursday. The food festival, organized by the Bengali club, is known for its select delicacies from Bengal.With a caterer who has come all the way from Kolkata especially for this occasion, there will be more than 20 local Bengali families serving home-made food at the stalls at the Bengali club premises where the fest has been organised. The two-day festival will have the Indoreans treat their taste buds on the evening of Friday as well, informed cultural secretary Bengali Club, Sanjay Bhattacharya.A good mix of vegetarian and non-vegetarian food will be available at the Anand Mela that can be explored by Indoreans. Bhapa Illish (steamed Hilsa fish), Bhetki Chop (fish bhajiya), Pabda Jhal (curry), Patol Chingdi (prawns), Mochar Tarkari (a dish made of banana flower) and Allu Bhaja are the names of some of the dishes that will be served at stalls here.According to Bengali mythology, during Navratri it is believed that goddess Durga comes home, \"We do our best to make the goddess feel welcome, and please her with offerings of food and festivities, Anand Mela is organised with the purpose of enjoying the food, and that's what Anand means 'joy'\" said Bhattacharya.This the 84th year of Navratri celebrations by the Bengali club in Indore. The celebrations at the Bengali club will go on till Bijoya Dashami (Dussehra) when they will see off the Goddess with Sindoor Utsav. A procession of devotees will immerse the idol of Durga on October 24. During the six-day long celebration at the Bengali club there will other cultural activities which includes dramas and Dhunuchi Nritya competition, for which the Dhakis (Dhol players) have been called from Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16871825", "title": "Vidarbha Orthopaedic Society meet to discuss newer techniques", "text": "NAGPUR: With advances in medical sciences, there have been lots of developments in orthopaedic treatments as well. Now, it is not only possible to manage and correct all types of fractures in a better manner but also perform complete knee or hip-joint replacements at one go.These and many developments in orthopaedics will be discussed at the 31st annual conference of Vidarbha Orthopaedic Society from Saturday at Hotel Sun-n-Sand. Dr John Mukhopadhaya from Patna will inaugurate the conference at 12.30pm on Friday. Dr CJ Thakkar from Mumbai will be the guest of honour.Talking to reporters on Thursday, VOS secretary Dr Satyajeet Jagtap said during a pre-conference workshop on the first day, doctors will be studying newer techniques of fixing fractures of pelvis bones. \"In men, conservative treatments and techniques can cause pain in the long run. In women, it may lead to disability in the child-bearing age. Experts like Dr CJ Thakkar from Mumbai will provide update on these new techniques,\" he said.The participants will also deliberate on all kinds of joint replacements, which are called as cold surgeries as they are planned. Trauma surgeries or accidental injuries will also be discussed at length. \"It is now possible to replace both knees as well as entire hip joint simultaneously,\" said VOS president Dr Pradeep Kukde.Organizing secretary Dr Makarand Dhopavkar informed that 250 doctors from Vidarbha will be participating in the conference. Dr Pradeep Kathadia from Soolpaur and Dr Deendhayalan from Coimbatore will guide participants on 'pelvic injuries'.Dr MR Koichade, organizing chairman, said Dr Mukhopadhaya from Patna and Dr Yash Gulati from Delhi will deliver orations during the event. Dr Ajay Gupta from Delhi and Dr Hemanth Wakankar from Pune also deliver talks.The conference will also have lectures, symposia, paper and poster presentations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16871851", "title": "Gadkari's society violating SC order on land use?", "text": "NAGPUR: In trying to brush off allegations leveled by India Against Corruption (IAC), the BJP national president Nitin Gadkari has inadvertently brought to light that his society, the Purti Sinchan Kalyankari Sanstha (PSKS), was flouting a Supreme Court (SC) order. Other facts have also come to light that lay bare BJP's false claims.Citing an SC judgment issued in 1997 while deciding an appeal filed by Kerala government, Gadkari and his party have claimed that the IAC charges do not hold any ground. Though Gadkari and other BJP leaders did not elaborate, the order clearly stated: \"If a land acquired for a public purpose was in excess then it should be used for any other public purpose. In case there is no other public purpose for which the land is needed then instead of selling it to the original owner, the land should be auctioned off and the sale money should be used for public purpose.\"The SC order in case of Noida farmers, which virtually overturned this order, came only earlier this year.The Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) gave 27.17 hectare land near Wadgaon dam, about 40 kms from here, to PSKS on the basis on a government circular issued on July 26, 2002, which was based on the 1997 SC order. VIDC deemed that PSKS was serving public purpose as it was a charitable society that was growing sugarcane saplings and supplying them to local farmers to increase sugarcane cultivation in Vidarbha.Gajanan Ghadge, on whose submission the IAC made the charges against Gadkari, is one of the original owners of the 27.17 hectare land given to PSKS along with his brother Vishwanath. Though they have relinquished their rights on the land, the brothers continue to grow cotton and soyabean on over 5 hectare of PSKS' land. Strangely, Sudhir Diwe, managing director of Purti Group, told TOI that the Ghadges were welcome to cultivate the land for as long as they wanted.A lawyer TOI spoke to said that cultivating cotton and soyabean can't be termed as public purpose as \"the brothers retain the income generated from sale of crops\". Moreover, Gajanan owns 10,000 shares in Purti Co-operative Society. \"PSKS, by allowing the cultivation, is committing contempt of the 1997 SC order,\" added the lawyer.This was endorsed by Jugalkishor Gilda, another lawyer, who VIDC consulted while granting land to Gadkari's society.On Wednesday, BJP leader Arun Jaitley defending his party president, had said that Gadkari's society had got the land on a 11-year lease. While this is true, the fact is that Gadkari had actually wanted it for 99 years. The then state water resources minister Ajit Pawar had even recommended the same. TOI learns that PSKS got the lease and are paying Rs 65,208 per annum.According to a 2002 circular from the irrigation ministry, which is with TOI, the 11-year lease too is illegal. The circular states that as per Clauses 247 and 248 of the Maharashtra Public Works Department (PWD) manual (which is applicable to VIDC) land can't be leased out for than five years. Gilda told TOI that VIDC officials wanted to increase the lease period to reduce their hassles. \"It was on my opinion that the land was allotted to Gadkari's society for a 11-year lease in 2005.\"He further said that VIDC executive director RM Landge had sought legal opinion from him on Pawar's directives. \"The VIDC had received several applications for this land. But Gadkari's application was forwarded the same day it was received,\" Gilda, who is now the additional solicitor general for Chhattisgarh government, told TOI.Gilda defended Gadkari's society and VIDC stating that all rules and regulations were followed before granting land on lease. However, TOI has time and again exposed how Ajit Pawar during his tenure as water resources minister violated government norms several times. He had sanctioned crores as mobilization advance to some chosen contractors even though there was no such provision in the tenders and also issued several multi-crore work orders bypassing the water resources secretary.Though Gadkari's statement on Wednesday may not pass the legal scrutiny, Purti may escape any censure as the violation will come up only if any organization or individual moves court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16870905", "title": "'80% bank grievances owing to lack of proper communication'", "text": "RANCHI: Reserve Bank of India (RBI), the banking ombudsman for Jharkhand and Bihar , on Thursday disclosed that over 80 per cent banking grievances from customers are due to lack of proper communication either on the part of the customers themselves or the bankers. The ombudsman also suggested that customers should be careful enough while signing papers during transactions with the bank, especially when taking loans. The customers were also warned of replying to any email or SMS which tell them about cash prizes that they have won.Ombudsman, Mohan Yadav said, \"Over 80% cases which are reported to me are due to lack of communication only.\" The ombudsman receives complaints against banks operating in Jharkhand and solves them in three months time. Officials from Banking Codes and Standards of India (BCSBI) senior officials of various banks held an interaction with customers at a Banking Lokpal Yojna Awareness programme on Thursday. The ombudsman asked customers to report any grievance to his office (Banking Ombudsman's office Patna ). \"A customer should, however wait for 30 days for the bank authorities to address the grievances before taking the matter to the ombudsman,\" said Yadav.Senior banker Suma Verma, chief general manager (customer services department) of RBI, warned customers of replying to unknown messages. \"Don't reply to such emails. Incidents of innocent customers being looted of cash and credit are on the rise,\" said Verma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "16872091", "title": "Arson in Nawada following rape bid", "text": "NAWADA: A rape bid on a Class IX student allegedly by the director of Nawada-based Modern English School and the police's alleged attempt to shield him, led to a mob resorting to arson. Several motorcycles besides furniture and papers were burnt to ashes. Several mobile phones were also looted.The most shocking part of the incident was that the police posse inside the school-cum-residence of the director helped his brothers and him to throw stones at the mob. An occasional shot fired by police personnel from his revolver to protect the director led to further vandalism.According to the girl, Nutan (name changed), the school director, Anuj Singh, made an attempt to rape her on October 15. But she managed to thwart his rape bid and informed her parents who lodged an FIR on Thursday against the director as well as his brother, Shailesh Singh, as the latter had threatened her on her mobile of dire consequences if she reported the matter to the police. Following lodging of FIR, Nawada Town police recorded her statement recorded earlier before the court of judicial magistrate, Nawada, under Section 164 of CrPC on Thursday.However, when the police went to the school-cum-residence of the director to arrest the culprits, they were treated to a sumptuous treat by the director and his brothers. This infuriated the people who were waiting outside in hundreds for the arrest of the culprits. The restless crowd indulged in heavy stone throwing. However, instead of preventing the mob from indulging in violence, the police remained inside.A vajra (riot police) van was requisitioned to control the rioting but disappeared the mob continued to throw stones.After some time, the director's male family members came out under heavy police escort only to indulge in retaliatory stone throwing. Meanwhile, the Civil SDO rushed to the site with additional force. Despite several attempts to contact Nawada SP Lalan Mohan Prasad on both his mobile and landline numbers, he could not be contacted. The situation was tense at the time of filing the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872429", "title": "One more held for August 11 Mumbai violence, minor gets bail", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai crime branch on Wednesday arrested one more person for his alleged involvement in the August 11 violence at Azad Maidan, taking the total number of arrests in the case to 61. The police have so far discharged only five suspects.The crime branch arrested 28-year-old Mohsin Aslam Kashmiri, a Bollywood artiste who resided at Pathanwadi in Malad. Locals had identified Kashmiri, but he shifted from Pathanwadi and was staying elsewhere.According to sources, Kashmiri was arrested after a police team kept an eye on him for three-four days. In the August 11 violence CCTV footage, Mohsin, along with other boys, can be seen damaging a private vehicle outside the Times of India building, opposite CST. \"He and his friends ransacked the vehicle and were dancing on its roof. We will interrogate him to identify the others who are seen with him,\" said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime).Meanwhile, a minor boy (16), who was arrested last month for his involvement in the violence, was released on bail by the Dongri juvenile court last week. He is the first person to get bail in the case. The bail applications of five other accused are pending before the Bombay high court.The police said that the crime branch had almost completed its investigations and was now waiting for the ballistic reports of the police weapons and a country-made pistol, which was found at CST after the violence.On August 11, a mob went on the rampage during a rally at Azad Maidan organized to protest against alleged atrocities against Muslims in Assam and Myanmar . Two persons died and 63 people were injured at the rioting that broke out in south Mumbai.Public and private property worth Rs 3 crore was damaged in the violence.\"We are yet to establish whose gun shots killed the two victims and injured few others. The ballistic report will give us a clearer picture,\" said an officer.The police is expected to file a chargesheet by first week of November. Cops said that they have not yet decided whether they will book community leaders for their provocative speeches on August 11 at Azad Maidan.the released on bail by the Dongri juvenile court last week. He became the first person to be released on bail in the case.The bail applications of five other accused are pending before the Bombay high court.Crime branch arrested 28 year old Mohsin Aslam Kashmiri, an artist in Bollywood from Pathanwadi in Malad. Mohsin was identified by few locals but he had moved from Pathanwadi and was staying in some other place. Sources said that police team after keeping a watch for three to four days arrested Mohsin. Mohsin is seen along with few other boys damaging a private jeep outside the Times of India building opposite CST. In the CCTV footage he and his friends ransacked the jeep and was dancing on the roof of the jeep. Now through him we will try to identify his associates who were part to the crime,'' said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime).Meanwhile the police said that the crime branch has almost completed the investigations and now awaiting the ballistic reports of the police weapons and a country made pistol which was found in the violence. Two persons were killed in the firing and 63 of them were injured and public and private property worth Rs 3 crores were damaged.We are yet to establish on whose gun shots the two persons were killed and few others were injured. The ballistic report will give some clear picture,'' said an officer.The police is expected to file a chargesheet by first week of November. Police said that they have yet not decided whether they will be booking the community leaders for their provocative speeches.On August 11, a mob went on the rampage during the rally at Azad Maidan organized to protest against alleged atrocities against Muslims in Assam and Myanmar. Two persons died and 63 people were injured in the rioting that broke out in south Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16873589", "title": "2 die as Chennai braces for monsoon mayhem", "text": "CHENNAI: Within hours of the first clouds of the northeast monsoon opening up over Chennai on Thursday , the people received a preview of what is in store for them over the next two months .Two persons were electrocuted and motorists and commuters left stranded on inundated roads after a deluge that forced several schools to declare a holiday. Traffic signals stopped working on busy roads like Anna Salai and Kamaraj Salai , adding to the chaos.Vehicles stalled on roads across the city for several hours as commuters waded through muck from open drains. Corporation officials continued to insist that there was nothing to worry because they had taken adequate measures , but the signs were ominous.Chennaiites will be up against nature and official ineptitude till mid-December. In all likelihood ,withthe detritus from mega infrastructure projects clogging rainwater runoffs , the monsoon this year could be more traumatic than last year.With the corporation failing to desilt drains ahead of the monsoon, several localities in the city were flooded. Royapettah, Adambakkam, Adyar, Mannady, Pudupet, Anna Nagar, Royapuram, Choolaimedu and T Nagar were severely hit by Thursdayis rain. Schools that remained open reported a 15% drop in attendance.At least five trees came crashing down in the rain.Police said R Ramesh, 40, of D B Shanmugam Street, was electrocuted at 6.30 am, when he stepped on a live wire in a puddle in Ayanavaram. Mani, 40, was electrocuted when he stepped on a live wire near his house in Tondiarpet.Residents in both localities alleged that Metro water officials had not closed pits dug two months ago to lay underground pipes.Open pits and slush made it impossible for pedestrians to move in several areas. \"It is scary because you never know when your feet will sink through the slush,\" said R Chandramouli, who lives near Kalakshetra Road.The Met department recorded 75.9mm of rain in Nungambakkam and 38.4mm in Meenambakkam between 8.30 pm on Wednesday and 8.30 pm on Thursday. Thecity got a further 5mm of rain during the rest of the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16872750", "title": "Airports Authority of India staffer found hanging at airport", "text": "CHENNAI: An Airports Authority of India employee was found hanging in a retiring room of the passenger terminal of Chennai airport on Thursday.G G Balaji, 44, of Guduvanchery, a member of the housekeeping staff was found hanging from the ceiling of a room that was locked from inside. He left a suicide note saying he was responsible for the action, said Meenambakkam assistant commissioner of police S Vijay Kumar.\"It looks like a clear case of suicide,\" Vijay Kumar said.A senior AAI official said, \"Balaji was a regular employee of AAI who was responsible for cleaning rooms on the first and second floors of the terminal building. After completing night duty he seemed to have gone to the retiring room and committed suicide.\"There are 15 rooms and a dormitory on the first and second floors of the terminal buildings that are rented out to transit passengers and VIPs.Police believe personal reasons may have driven him to take his life. The body has been sent for a postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16871963", "title": "BJP women members to head Belgaum zilla panchayat", "text": "BELGAUM: After endless lobbying and high-voltage political drama, Shanta Krishna Kallolikar, member of Kudachi zilla panchayat was elected president of Belgaum zilla panchayat unopposed after the formal election proceedings were completed here on Thursday.According to the government of Karnataka notification dated September 14, 2012, posts of the president and vice president were reserved for women in schedule caste and general categories respectively.The election has seen hectic lobbying for both posts.To elect president and vice president candidates, the BJP, headed by district in charge minister Umesh Katti held talks with his members and party leaders including BJP MPs, MLAs and MLCs at a hotel.The Bharatiya Janata Party has a majority of 63 seats out of 86 seats and there were five women schedule caste candidates in the 63 member BJP party \u2014 Sunitha Shiragavi, Kallolikar Shantha Krishna, Sannaik Nanda Dilip, Anitha Suhas Guge and Mahadevi Siddappa Metri.Among these five candidates, Sannaik Nanda Dilip of Hukkeri Taluk and Kallolikar Shantha Krishna of Raibag Taluk were the front-runners for the post. Both the president aspirants had different advantages. While Sannaik comes from Hukkeri Taluk where district in charge minister Umesh Katti belongs to while Kallolikar is having an advantage of her educational background -- she has done her post graduation in Anthropology and also completed B Ed.On Thursday, till 9.30am , it was Sannaik who was in the race for the president's post but later it was a dramatic turn and was decided that Shantha Krishna Kallolikar of Kuduchi constituency in Raibag Taluk will be the president while Usha Kallappa Shitri of Bagewadi Taluk will be the vice president.Gangaram Baderia, regional commissioner and returning officer, conducted the proceedings, and as theirs were the only nominations to be filed, Shantha Krishna Kallolikar and Usha Kallappa Shitri were elected unopposed. The decision was also taken in view to give more opportunities to different taluks.\"With the cooperation of all the 86 members, I will strive hard to give good administration to the people. To know the ground reality and prevailing condition in the taluks, I will visit all areas and come out with logical solutions,\" added Shantha. \"Apart from this, I will also take steps to protect women's interest in the zilla panchayat. There are nearly 34 women members in Zilla Panchayat\" added Shanta.Shanta's family has a strong educational background. Of her two brothers, one is an IAS officer in Tamil Nadu while the other is a professor in Karnataka University.\"The newly elected president is an educated woman. We have lots of expectations from her, hope she utilises her power to maximum extent and come out with good administration to the people\" said Rohan, who had come to witness the election.Among 86 seats in zilla panchayat, BJP tops the list with 63 seats followed by Congress and MES with 17 and 6 respectively. The term of the previous president and vice president ended on September 30.The elecions were delayed chiefly due to Suvarna Vidhana Soudha inauguration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16873302", "title": "Maharaja\u2019s alumni group launches website", "text": "KOCHI: Former students of Maharaja's College will gather around the legendary 'samara maram' in the college courtyard on December 30. The old students of 1975-85 batch will organize Yaadein 2012, a get together of a different kind. Besides meeting old friends, the programme has been designed with a novel concept of 'giving back' - helping those in need and spreading the legacy of the institution.As part of expanding the programme, the group has designed a website \u2014 www.maharajas75-85.com \u2014 that was launched by director Siddique at the Ernakulam Press Club on Thursday. Mimicry artist, K S Prasad, who is also an alumnus of the college, unveiled the logo for the event. Former students, who want to participate, can log on to the site and register.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16872682", "title": "Civic official, ex-corporator exchange heated moments", "text": "LUCKNOW: Drama unfolded in Boothnath market in Indiranagar on Thursday when an ex-corporator and an engineer of Jal Sansthan exchanged heated moments. The incident took place when the civic official was discharging his duties during the Samadhan Shivir, an annual feature of Jal Sansthan to take stock of water supply related problems in an area. Several cases of civic employees versus political members, have taken place in the city and Thursday's incident point towards absence of strong will among civic quarters to safeguard their employees against unruly elements.Dilip Srivastava, ex-corporator of Maithali Sharan Gupta ward in C-Block of Indiranagar (Srivastava's mother is the sitting corporator from the ward) had gone along with his supporters to register protests against the poor state of handpumps in Ghazipur area of Indiranagar. Satish Pandey, the in-charge of the area, allegedly, instead of listening and resolving their complaints threw remarks at the residents. \"Pandey had been told several times to improve the water supply situation in the area, but instead of solving the complaints, he has repeatedly been misbehaving with the people of my area,\" said Srivastava.Meanwhile Pandey, an assistant engineer whose retirement is due next year, claimed otherwise, \"I was physically assaulted on duty and have complained about Srivastava to my higher ups and police. Srivastava was asking me to replace the pumps with new ones, while I told him we will re-bore the pumps instead of replacing them.\" Eyewitnesses said that supporters of Srivastava outnumbered the civic officials and got miffed at Pandey's behaviour. \"I felt that the issue could have been resolved if either parties had tried to reason instead of proving a point,\" a local shopkeeper told.Both the parties meanwhile have given their versions to police. \"We have taken the eyewitness accounts who were present at the spot and if need be, will press charges after investigation,\" said Manoj Misra, in-charge Ghazipur police station. Earlier in the week, a civic engineer was pushed in muddy waters by miffed residents near Butler Palace Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16874819", "title": "MAMI opens with a bang", "text": "Yesterday , the 14th edition of MAMI opened with noted director Shyam Benegal's speech. He said this year, the festival has the best ever lineupoffilms .Forthefirsttime,therewill be a special award for 'Best Indian Film' judged by an international jury.Next, Sridevi inaugurated the festival with the traditional lighting of the lamp. Present alongside were jury members Jaya Bachchan , Ashutosh Gowarikar and Ramesh Sippy. The jury members were introduced. The jury for the first section 'Dimensions Mumbai' comprised Sanjay Suri , Geetanjali Rao, Reema Kagti (not present) and Jury President filmmaker Umesh Kulkarni (not present). The jury for the 'Harmony' section were journalist-turned-director Bhawna Talwar, Petrina D Rosario, Ranveer Shorey, Shobha De. The jury for the section 'India Gold' comprised international film personalities Jeffrey Gilmore, ChristianeJeune ,DeclanQuinn,JuliaLeigh and director Gary Kurtz as the Jury President. The jury for the international category included Im Sang Soo, Rahul Bose , Sergio Machado and Andy Tennant as the Jury President.The Lifetime Achievement Award was given to Chinese director, Zhang Yimou by Tina Ambani. Yimou said this award is not the end but only the beginning. Anil Kapoor introduced Anupam Kher , who acted in the opening film David Russel's Silver Lining Playbook. A pre recorded AV of Hollywood actor Bradley Cooper , who plays the lead in the film was shown soon after. And then the film was screened.Also present at the occasion were Anil and Tina Ambani , Anupam and Kiron Kher, Ramesh Sippyand Sudhir Mishra. The auditorium was jampacked with celebrities ncluding Manisha Koirala , Anil Dharker, Dolly Thakore, Hansal Mehta, Sudhir Mishra etc.The festival has a line up of 230 films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16871653", "title": "Special police team to hunt down youth's killers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Murder of a youth in the upmarket Nayapalli area of the city jolted police into prompt action on Wednesday night. A special squad has been formed to nab four men, who hacked Rajesh Jena (22) to death over previous enmity. Two others have been detained for their suspected complicity in the incident.Sources said Jena was a witness in a 2011 case, relating to an attempt to murder of a builder in the same locality. He had been receiving threats from anti-socials for quite some time, sources said.Jena, who had petty criminal antecedents, was talking to some friends when the accused came in a bike and attacked him with sharp-edged weapons. He was rushed to a nearby private hospital where he succumbed to his injuries in late night.\"The main accused included a man and his two sons. The murder is a fallout of previous enmity. The absconding accused would be arrested soon,\" DCP Nitinjeet Singh said. The trio was earlier arrested in connection with several cases, including the March 2011 gun attack on a builder.\"My brother was a witness in a firing case and had been receiving threats from anti-socials,\" said the decaesed's brother Rakesh Jena. Santosh Behera, a friend of the deceased, said, \"I was standing near Rajesh when four men came and picked up a fight with him. They left and again returned with weapons.\"The DCP said the murder would not affect the Puja revelry in the locality. The Nayapalli puja is celebrating silver jubilee this year.\"We have made adequate security,\" Singh said. This was the eighth murder within two-and-a-half months in Bhubaneswar. Sources said 38 murders have been reported in the city so far this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16875012", "title": "Vaagai Sooda Vaa goes to IFFI 2012", "text": "Vaagai Sooda Vaa has been chosen by the judges to be screened at IFFI 2012. This romantic comedy drama released in 2008.This movie which won the National Award for best Feature Film in Tamil will now be part of the Indian Panorama .The Times of India review had stated, \"This is a simple tale, beautifully narrated on screen. It harks back to a time when not many years had passed after the country gained Independence. People still clung on to their ideals and minting money in a short time was not something everyone aspired to. \"The movie was appreciated for the music as well as the narration and took urban dwellers back to rural Tamil Nadu. Vaagai Sooda Vaa catapulted Sarkunam to stardom as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16872026", "title": "Security beefed up in Cuttack for festivities", "text": "CUTTACK: With the festive mood gripping the Millennium City, police are leaving no stone unturned to ensure a peaceful Durga Puja this time. Elaborate measures have been taken by police to ensure an incident-free Dussehra. Around 40 platoons of police forces will be deployed in every nook and cranny of the city. Adequate number of CRPF, Rapid Action Force, Quick Reaction team and contingency teams will be deployed in Cuttack to meet emergency situations. Besides, puja organizers have been asked to install surveillance cameras at their pandals for additional security.\"We have asked important puja committees to install CCTV cameras at their pandals and the response to our request has been good. I believe at least 70-75% of the puja committees will undertake the steps requested by us,\" said Cuttack DCP S Praveen Kumar .There are altogether 155 puja committees in the city. They have been divided under three categories taking into account their strategic location and importance. special security arrangements have been chalked out for the 15 puja committees, which are adorning the deities with silver tableaux and gold ornaments. \"The pandals with silver tableaux are being given special importance. Armed police personnel will keep 24x7 vigil on these pandals,\" the DCP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871062", "title": "Broadcasters\u2019 body suspends Zee editor over Naveen Jindal charge", "text": "NEW DELHI: Broadcast Editors' Association (BEA) on Thursday suspended its treasurer, editor of Zee News Sudhir Chaudhary, in the wake of allegations by Congress MP Naveen Jindal that Chaudhary had tried to extract Rs 100 crore as advertising commitments for his channel in exchange for dropping reports on alleged irregular allocations of coal blocks to companies belonging Jindal.The Congress MP has lodged a complaint with Delhi Police, submitting it audio and video footage of a sting operation in which he claimed to have caught Chaudhary and a colleague of his, Samir Ahluwalia, seeking a Rs 100-crore advertising deal over five years from representatives of Jindal Steel and Power Limited (JSPL) in return for dropping further reports on coal block allocations to JSPL.The association's executive committee, which scrutinized the video footage of the sting, felt Chaudhary had acted in a manner \"prejudicial\" to the interests and objects of BEA. In a statement, BEA said: \"After having satisfied itself that all possible and credible sources of information had been heard and investigated and all available material on the issue perused, the three-member fact-finding committee unanimously reached the conclusion that Sudhir Choudhary is found to have acted in a manner that is unbecoming of an editor and in a fashion that is prejudicial to the interest and objects of the BEA.\"Meanwhile, Press Council chief Markandey Katju has appealed to News Broadcasting Standard Authority (NBSA) chairperson J S Verma to conduct a thorough inquiry into what, he said, appeared to be a serious allegation relating to media ethics.Chaudhary reacted to his suspension calling it \"unfair\". In a statement, he accused the BEA of acting in an unfair manner and denying him an opportunity to defend himself.The offer for an advertising deal apparently came after a series of hard-hitting reports on the Jindal companies. In his FIR, Jindal has alleged that it was during a meeting seeking a reconciliation between Zee and JSPL, Chaudhary offered to drop the campaign for an advertising deal. This offer, alleged Jindal, was made to JSPL's CFO, Sushil Maroo.Jindal has attached video footage running into 90 minutes to the police, while naming the promoter of the channel Subhash Chandra and his son Puneet Goenka as co-accused. Police have questioned Chaudhary and Ahluwalia, both of whom have rubbished the charge.Delhi Police's crime branch, which has been tasked with the job of investigating the case, have sent the video and audio footage to the Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL) for verification of their authenticity. Investigators have also questioned JSPL's Maroo. When contacted, DCP crime branch S B S Tyagi told TOI: \"We will wait for the forensic reports before commenting on the case. I cannot share any details right now\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16872330", "title": "Traffic awareness drive held", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Guwahati Traffic Police and Amway India on Thursday organized an awareness drive to sensitize people on the importance of road safety rules and traffic signals. The awareness drive was initiated to ensure a safe festive season.The drive focused on educating students of various city-based schools and colleges about traffic rules. Bibekananda Das, superintendent of police, traffic and Bickramjit Paul, area manager of the northeast unveiled a host of colourful posters, signages and hoardings with pictorial illustrations for road safety.During Durga Puja, 500 signages will be put up across the city depicting a host of do's and don'ts for vehicles owners and pedestrians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16875398", "title": "Chinmayi opposes vulgar tweets", "text": "Chinmayi had recently put a note on Facebook taling about how some followers were going overboard in abuse and now she seems to have taken legal action.On Thursday the singer took legal actuion against six people who where harassing her on social networking sites. There was also an assistant professor in the six against whom she complained. Apparently, these people had posted obscene pictures of her and abused her on twitter.The singer said that many women in the film industry faced such harassment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16872133", "title": "HC stays suspension of IAS officer for 2 weeks", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Thursday passed an interim order for a two-week stay on the suspension of IAS officer and former PMC commissioner K Senthil Kumar and directed the state government to file a counter-affidavit to his writ petition challenging his suspension.A single bench presided by Justice PC Verma passed the order while hearing his writ petition challenging the suspension order passed by the state government on charges of allegedly misusing his position and committing financial irregularities. Kumar is under suspension since September 29, 2011.Govt asked to explain police role: A single bench presided by Justice AK Tripathi on Thursday directed the state government to file a counter-affidavit to a writ petition questioning the alleged role of the police in supporting some fodder scam case accused. The petitioners have charged police with helping the scamsters to get the rent of the property at Shakti Complex in Boring Road released in their name instead of income-tax department. The department had attached their property and started realizing rent from August 1996.Petitioners Anil Kumar Singh and others submitted that the income-tax department had in 1996 found that the ground floor and first floor of the Shakti Complex were owned by fodder scam accused DM Diwakar, his wife Sabita and Mahendra Prasad, who owed huge income-tax dues. The IT department attached their property at Shakti Complex under Section 281 of the Income-Tax Act. Following this, the petitioners and other shopkeepers were paying rent to the department. But the alleged scamsters changed the names of their companies to demand rent from the shopkeepers. The local police had supported their case and asked the petitioners to pay rent to them, the petitioners added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16871189", "title": "West Bengal to hire 36,000 primary teachers", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal Primary Education Board, on Thursday, published an advertisement regarding appointment of 36,000 teachers. \"It is a good news for the unemployed youths, who are seeking jobs. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has already approved over a lakh appointments for primary and secondary levels,\" said a primary education board official.The School Service Commission (SSC) has already started the recruitment process. \"We have published a notification that recruitments will start for another 36,000 primary teachers' posts by the primary education board. In addition to these, which is to be filled up, there are more vacancies in Howrah, North and South 24-Parganas and Malda, recruitments against which are held up due to a court order. Combining the two, around 42,000 teachers will be recruited for different mediums,\" he added.Another notification will be issued on November 15 on form distribution and collection centres in each district. The applicants, according to eligibility, will submit forms and then admit cards will be issued. Depending on the number of candidates, the examination centres will be fixed and the date of examination will be notified. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16871916", "title": "Dharwad Kala Bhavan renovation work inches ahead at snail\u2019s pace", "text": "DHARWAD: The delay in completing the renovation of Kala Bhavan in Dharwad is hampering the spirits of cultural enthusiasts. With the city lacking a hub to showcase its cultural activities, its people are often forced to travel quite a distance to have some quality entertainment.The renovation work, which began two years ago with Rs 2 crore fund from the CM's special grants, had to be stopped temporarily after it ran out of money.Currently, the work is progressing at a snails pace as officials are waiting for better cash inflow.The total cost of the entire work has now gone up to Rs 7 crore and a request has been made to the Kannada and culture department to pitch in with a grant of Rs 5 crore. According to assistant director of Kannada and culture B D Hiregoudar, the minister concerned has already ordered the release of Rs 2 crore and the money is expected to reach in a week's time. \"If funds flow in without hindrance, the work will be completed in four months\", said an official.Situated in Kadapa Maidan, Kala Bhavan is centrally located and is a convenient place for people to reach and attend the cultural events. \"Inconvenience in reaching the venue has forced several old people desist from attending several cultural events, especially important music programmes\" said Venkatesh Desai, a retired official and cultural activist.The HDMC which manages Kala Bhavan had taken up repairs of the auditorium now and then but the dilapidated Bhavan needed a major surgery and renovation to suit the modern times.Realising the importance of renovating Kala Bhavan and giving a face-lift to Kadapa maidan, which has the potential to serve as the nerve centre for all important activities in the city, it was the then deputy commissioner Darpan Jain who chalked out a detailed makeover plan.The civil work taken up by Nirmiti Kendra basically takes care of the stage, green rooms, shifting of toilet blocks and improvement of elevation of the building. The biggest auditorium in the district is being centrally air-conditioned. It will also get the latest lighting and sound systems.Interiors are being redone and plans are afoot to suitably landscape Kadapa maidan to include an exhibition area, sitting areas and cafeteria, open air theatre and parking places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "16873400", "title": "Durga Puja to have a tribal ambience", "text": "PANCHKULA: For the first time, the Durga Puja \"pandal\" in Panchkula would wear a tribal look, with the Durga idol entirely made up of mud and the \"pandal\" fully made of hay. Moreover, the idols of Saraswati, Laxmi, Ganpati and Kartikeya that accompany goddess Durga to her home have also been made of mud. These have been framed together with that of goddess Durga's idol. The idea has been borrowed from the Santhal tribe that's settled on the border of Bengal and Jharkhand.\"Usually the idols are made of clay or of clay mixed with soil, but this time these would be made purely of mud. Ditto for the clothes, weapons and crowns. The crowns too have a tribal look,\" revealed Sumanta Ghosh, general secretary of Bangiya Parishad, Panchkula.Moreover, it's not just the theme that is different, the styles in which the idols have been made are singular too. \"The idols of Durga and other dieties show them not sitting on their respective rides, but standing with their weapons. Goddess Durga is standing on the lion, Lord Ganpati's mice is standing besides him, while Lord Kartikeya's peacock too stands with him. Even the demon is not lying under the goddess' feet instead his upper body is raised from the ground,\" Ghosh said.Unlike the soft and smiling expression that the Durga idols usually have, the tribal-look goddess stands in aggression.The \"pandal\" is being made in a hut shape and when viewed from outside looks like a haystack. Even the food stalls that would be put up during Durga Puja will be under sheds made of hay. The \"pandal\" and idols have been made by artists from Calcutta.With only a day left for Durga Puja to begin, preparations are on in full swing. The \"puja\" would begin on Saturday evening at 7pm at Mela Ground in Sector 5, Panchkula. In Chandigarh, the \"pandals\" are being put up at Banga Bhawan, Sector 35, Kalibari temple, Sector 47 and Parshuram Bhawan, Sector 37.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871246", "title": "Lokayukta calls for check on quality of roads", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Lokayukta has asked the PWD and the three municipal corporations to develop a mechanism for checking the status and quality of work on roads taken over by Delhi government.These recommendations are part of an order on a complaint from a councillor who has alleged that one of the roads on the list of 107 taken over by PWD from MCD for development work has already been developed by the erstwhile MCD at a cost of over Rs 69 lakh. The order calls for coordination between PWD and the corporations to avoid wasteful expenditure.Copies of the order have been sent to the lieutenant-governor, Tejendra Khanna, secretary, PWD, and the three municipal commissioners.The councillor from Jhilmil in east Delhi, Jitender Singh Shunty, has alleged misuse of government funds for road development work. He has alleged that an advertisement taken out by PWD on the work to be undertaken on the 107 roads mentions Shaheed Bhagat Singh Marg (A-Block, Vivek Vihar, Phase-II) till ITI, Vivek Vihar. Calling for deletion of this road from the list, he has claimed that this stretch was developed in October last year by the erstwhile MCD. In support of his claim, he has cited work order numbers and stated an allocation of Rs 69,05501 was made for the development of this road.The Lokayukta has said there is need to ascertain whether in the past one-and-a-half years or so any work had been undertaken on this road and, if true, under what work order and the money spent.\"This would prevent recurrence of an incident like the present one and also ensure that if there are roads whose condition is found deteriorated in one-and-a-half years or so, then action for defective work is initiated by the MCD. This would also ensure that recoveries are made from those who have done defective works and that they do not escape their contractual obligations,\" the Lokayukta states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872417", "title": "Special court denies bail to Hasan Ali", "text": "MUMBAI: A special Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) court on Thursday rejected the bail application filed by Pune stud farm owner and alleged money launderer Hasan Ali Khan for the second time since his arrest last year. Principal judge Swapna S Joshi did not grant Khan bail on the grounds that there was enough evidence against him.Khan's advocate Amit Desai stated that the Enforcement Directorate (ED) had suppressed certain important documents submitted by him from the court, which he said would have proved that the charges against Khan were baseless.Khan had stated that through a Right to Information Act reply from the Hyderabad police, it was found that the claim made by the ED that Khan had made his fortune by selling antique jewellery belonging to the Nizams of Hyderabad, was baseless. However, special public prosecutor Ujjawal Nikam refuted this claim. He also stated that a supplementary chargesheet will be filed soon.The ED alleged that Khan was involved in alleged money laundering practices to the tune of $8 billion (Rs 39,120 crore)in UBS bank in Switzerland and had made other illegal transactions abroad. Khan was taken into custody by the ED on March 17, 2011 after the Supreme Court cancelled the bail granted to him by a trial court. On March 21, last year the apex court had ordered his custody to the ED. He is currently in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872384", "title": "Need more BEST buses during day: Panel", "text": "MUMBAI: Though several autorickshaw and taxi commuters are switching to BEST buses, the latter needs to improve the efficiency of service and the frequency of buses during non-peak hours. This issue is likely to be raised by BEST committee member Ravi Raja at the panel meeting on Friday afternoon.Raja said, \"After morning peak hours, the frequency of buses goes down drastically. At many stops, passengers have to wait for 45 minutes for a bus. There is a need to increase the number of services on certain routes and I will take up the issue at Friday's meeting.\"He stated that passengers were also complaining about the system of getting RFID cards for the daily Rs 40 bus pass. \"In the past, for monthly passes, one had to buy an ID card. Now, the old ID cards are no longer accepted for the daily bus passes and commuters have to stand in line and pay again to get a fresh ID card. This is not done,\" he said.Though the BEST has introduced cashless cards, commuters suggested that the transport body could issue cards of various denominations like Rs 50, Rs 100 and Rs 200, which can be purchased from the conductor and used for daily travel.\"It is painstaking to go to the depot each time to refill your cashless card. If cashless cards are sold by conductors instead, it will make a huge difference to travellers,\" a commuter from Gorai said.To help the loss-making BEST undertaking, the civic body is likely to grant it an internal loan of Rs 1,600 crore. The BEST, which is in the red has shown losses worth Rs 1,934 crore and had asked the civic body for an internal loan of Rs 1,600 crore to bail it out.After discussions, it has been decided that the civic body may sanction the loan with the condition that the transport body return the money in three years, with interest. Both the bodies are sister concerns and are ruled by the Sena-BJP alliance. According to senior civic officials the BEST committee will be passing a resolution to demand an internal loan from the civic body. Once that is done the civic general body will approve of the loan and then permission from the state government will be sough to transfer the funds.Civic officials said that civic projects will not suffer if the loan is sanctioned. The transport body has asked for a loan of Rs 1,000 crore even last year, but with the financial health of the BMC not too healthy then it didn't sanction the loan. Even as the civic body tabled this years budget it was only Rs 106 crore. Meanwhile, the BEST officials say that they will want to pay up short term loans with the internal loan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16872000", "title": "MP govt to enforce strict norms to prevent pollution of Narmada", "text": "NEW DELHI: To prevent further pollution of Narmada river, the Madhya Pradesh government has decided not to allow any new factory processing leather or lather products, manufacturing acids and liquor and any such items that release effluents to the river.\"We don't want Narmada getting polluted like the Ganges. We have taken this decision, and it will be strictly implemented. The Union environment and forest ministry has agreed to provide 70% financial assistance to clean the river. The total project would cost around Rs 1,100 crore,\" MP's urban development minister Babul Lal Gaur told TOI.Gaur was in Delhi to attend third India International Water Summit organized by Indian Chamber of Commerce (ICC) here on Thursday. He said that the clean Narmada drive will be in two phases, involving 53 cities located on the river bank. In the first phase almost half of the cities would be covered. \"We are preparing city-wise detailed project reports and the first phase would be launched soon. The target is to implement the project in the next 10 years,\" he said.Gaur claimed that the present level of Narmada pollution is very low - barely about 10% \u2014 and that too only a few cities in MP are contributing to this level. He added that the focus is to put an immediate check on pollution and to take measures to undo the loss that has already happened.Recently, the state government had also decided not to allow any cremation within the 5km periphery of Narmada bank to keep check on pollutants reaching the river. Gaur, who is also the state municipal administration minister, had claimed that the civic bodies would be asked to take villagers in confidence and seek their support to raise awareness on this issue.Narmada river flows through 1,077 km in Madhya Pradesh. According to reports, pollution in Narmada has reached worrying proportions with industrial effluents and remains of cremated bodies being discharged into the river, mostly at the places of pilgrimage at Maheshwar, Mandleshwar and Onkareshwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16873572", "title": "2001-2011: How Tamil Nadu lost the power race", "text": "CHENNAI: The near-crisis in Tamil Nadu on the power front could well be one of its worst. The demand has climbed to a steep 11,000MW and the demandsupply gap has grown to 4,000MW , indicating a skewed policy by successive governments in Tamil Nadu at a time when the other states were rapidly expanding their capacity .A look at power augmentation over the years shows that TN's installed generation capacity went up only by 483 MW in the decade between 2001 and 2010, while neighbouring Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh increased their supply by more than 2,000MW .TN's misguided policy becomes more evident when seen in the context of a surging industrial and domestic demand , which rose from 6,000MW in 2001 to 10,000MW in 2010.Now, the requirement hovers around 11,000MW . But the state has become dependent on wind power, which is intermittent, leading to a massive shortage .The Union Planning Commission's statistics show that in 2001, the state had an installed capacity of 5,222MW, excluding central projects and wind energy . Installed capacity by 2010-end was 5,705MW .During the same period, the installed capacities of Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka went up by 2,605 MW and 2,496 MW . Many thermal projects were launched here subsequently in 2007 and 2009, but various factors have delayed them .The present crisis is expected to last till June 2013 when some thermal projects,besides the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant, are likely to go operational . \"The load factor between 2001 and 2010 increased by 4500MW, but supply did not keep pace with it. The state started depending on wind power, which is highly seasonal. Tamil Nadu has an installed capacity of around 7,000MW of wind power,\" said a senior electricity board official.The government did wake up in 2007-08, and announce many thermal projects to augment supply.At a conference of state power ministers in Delhi in 2009, then electricity minister Arcot N Veerasamy claimed the state reached the Eleventh Plan (2007-12) targets and that work was progressing \"well ahead of schedule\" on close to 6,000 MW capacity projects. These included thermal projects in North Chennai, Mettur, Vallur, Tuticorin and Udangudi besides some hydro electric projects. But most of these units have not been commissioned yet.\"Until 2007, 2,000 MW was added to the state kitty from central projects like Ramagundam. But no capacity addition was done by the state on its own,\" said an official of the Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission (TNERC).Normally a thermal project takes at least 36 months to be commissioned. But even after 60 months, projects started by TN are in a limbo due to delays in land acquisition, environment clearance and sourcing of boilers from the Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL). BHEL has its cup full as all the states place orders for boilers with this public sector company, resulting in considerable delays.To be fair to both the AIADMK and the DMK, projects were launched between 2001 and 2011, but none have met the deadlines and remain still in progress. Some projects like Vallur, a joint venture between TNEB and NTPC signed in 2002, is yet to be commissioned.It is also during these ten years that the TNEB went almost bankrupt with debts and losses mounting due to non-increase of tariffs, while generation costs increased manifold.The government also resisted the revamp of TNEB despite recommendations by the Union power ministry. Finally, after much resistance, Tangedco and Tantransco, the distribution and production arms of the TNEB were formed in 2008.\"The financial position of the TNEB became very weak due to fall in revenue and it survived on borrowed funds to meet revenue expenditure like payment of salaries and wages. Thus TNEB, which did not have funds even to meets its revenue expenditure, cannot be expected to invest in mega projects,\" said the TNERC official.Though the Dravidian majors may blame each other for the current mess, the fallout has caused major inconvenience to residents, especially those in the districts, also forcing industries to pack their bags and move out to other states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16872144", "title": "New TB vaccine likely to be available in 8 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: A new vaccine against the deadly air-borne disease, Tuberculosis, could be available in the next eight years.Now, the only available vaccine for the prevention of TB is Bacille-Calmette-Guerin (BCG), which was discovered almost 100 years ago.The World Health Organization (WHO) on Thursday said that the world is finally waking up to the need for an effective new-age TB vaccine with 11 vaccine candidates for TB prevention in Phase I or Phase II trials and one immunotherapeutic vaccine in a Phase III trial.The WHO said, \"It is hoped that one or two of the candidates in a Phase II trial will enter a Phase III trial in the next three years, with the possibility of licensing at least one new vaccine by 2020.\"A new vaccine that prevents TB could significantly reduce the enormous financial burden of treating drug-resistant TB - which can cost Rs 1 lakh per patient in India. India is home to about 73,000 drug-resistant TB patients.An effective vaccine could also prevent the toll that the disease takes on individuals who are subjected to 18-24 months of medications with side effects that can be as severe as hearing loss or psychosis. In 2011, there were an estimated 8.7 million new cases of TB (13% co-infected with HIV) and 1.4 million people died from the disease, including almost one million deaths among HIV-negative individuals and 4.3 lakh among people who were HIV-positive.TB is one of the top killers of women, with 3 lakh deaths among HIV-negative women and 2 lakh mortalities among HIV-positive women last year.BCG vaccine protects against severe forms of TB in children but its efficacy in preventing pulmonary TB in adults is highly variable. BCG is also not recommended for use in infants known to be infected with HIV, due to the risk of disseminated BCG disease.WHO says that two different approaches are being used to develop TB vaccines. The first approach is to develop vaccines that would do better than BCG and replace it - such as an improved version of BCG or a new attenuated live M. tuberculosis vaccine.The second approach is to develop a \"prime-boost\" strategy in which BCG continues to be given to neonates (as now), since it prevents TB in infants and children, and give the new vaccine as a \"booster\" dose at a later stage. Alternatively, the new vaccine would be delivered to infants alongside other vaccines between three and nine months and as a separate booster in young adults.\"The vaccine candidates currently under development could be used to prevent either infection (pre-exposure), or to prevent primary progression to disease or reactivation of latent TB (post-exposure),\" says the World TB report, 2012.Of the 12 vaccine candidates in clinical trials, 11 are for prevention of TB and one is an immunotherapeutic vaccine. MVA85A is designed as a booster vaccine for infants, adolescents and adults. Among existing vaccine candidates for TB prevention, it is the one that is most advanced in terms of clinical testing.The first Phase-II trial of this vaccine was conducted in South Africa from 2009 to 2011, with 2797 infants enrolled.Results are expected in early 2013, and will provide the first efficacy data of a new TB vaccine candidate.Jim Connolly, CEO of Aeras, the non-profit biotech developing new vaccines against tuberculosis, says, \"The Tuberculosis Report 2012 shows very modest reductions in TB incidence and deaths and underpins widespread concern that controlling drug-resistant TB is a greater challenge than previously anticipated. While global efforts to prevent tuberculosis and save lives are commendable, our current drugs, diagnostics, and vaccines are suboptimal.\"Connolly added, \"An emphasis on preventing new cases of TB infection and/or disease in adolescents and adults through investments in R&D; for new vaccines is urgently needed. Vaccines will be a critical component of a long-term, cost-effective solution for addressing the epidemic. With 12 TB vaccines currently in clinical trials and the first efficacy results expected in 2013 from the most clinically-advanced TB vaccine candidate, we are at a tipping point in TB vaccine development and can reasonably anticipate that a viable vaccine will be available within the next decade.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872564", "title": "After 124 break-ins, man in police net", "text": "MUMBAI: Santosh Nair was 19 when he and some accomplices stole clothes from a garment shop in Malpa Dongri in Andheri (E).Since the shopkeeper wrote off the incident as a petty theft, Nair gathered the courage to break into the same shop a few days later.It is only after 124 cases of house break-ins and robberies that the law caught up with Nair, who is now 45 years old. The Mumbai crime branch that was looking for him for nearly eight years arrested Santosh Nair on Monday. The sleuths are holding up Nair as a prize catch, since they had to close their cases many times since Nair had been labelled 'undetected' in their files.He had been arrested on four occasions before 2004. However, after he was released on a personal bond in 2004 the accused managed to abscond.Nair's most daring break-ins came in 2005, when he allegedly stole 11.5kg gold valued at Rs 1 crore from a private firm in Andheri office of Korto India Pvt Ltd. He managed to decamp with gold and diamonds stored in two safe vaults.Acting on a tip-off, the Andheri unit of the crime branch led by inspector Gopika Jagirdar arrested Nair as he was meeting his accomplices. After the informer identified Nair, the police gheroed and detained him. He tried to dodge preliminary interrogations saying that they were mistaken, but admitted to being Nair on sustained interrogations. Unfortunately, the police recovered nothing in his possession.\"We have arrested Nair and are interrogating him in connection with several undetected break-ins particularly in the industrial area,\" additional commissioner of police (crime) Niket Kaushik said.According to the police, Nair had a unique modus operandi. \"He would send his accomplices in the guise of salesmen or courier boys to survey industrial areas,\" said Jagirdar. \"He would gather minute details of the corporate houses and the manner in which cash transactions were carried out. Nair would also trace the location of their safe vaults,\" the official added.After conducting a recce, Nair's men would go to the corporate house in a tempo on the pretext of delivering goods, the police said. \"They would distract guards before breaking into offices and decamp with vaults. After taking the locker to a remote location they would break it to secure the valuables,\" a copsaid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16870745", "title": "HC directs expeditious trial of crimes against women", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court has sent a written communication to all district and sessions judges (DSJ) in Haryana, Punjab and Chandigarh to ensure expeditious disposal of trials relating to heinous crimes against women in their respective sessions division.These crimes fall under sections 376 ( rape) and 304-B (harassment and murder of woman) of Indian Penal Code ( IPC), an official spokesman said on Thursday.The chief justice of Punjab and Haryana high court has also asked DSJs to send the progress report of such cases by the 10th of every month.The Haryana government had earlier made a written request to the high court for consideration of appropriate and effective directions for fast-tracking of all cases of such crimes against women that are under trial in various courts in the state.The state government had requested that if the High Court finds it appropriate then it could specially monitor cases of heinous crimes, with the objective of reducing delay in judgement. The Haryana Government has also sent a written communication to all deputy commissioners, superintendents of police and district attorneys in the state to constitute district-level committees for strict monitoring of such crimes, a spokesman said.This committee would meet at least once in 15 days and expedite each case while ensuring that there is no laxity. The committee would also review other aspects of the cases including legal aid to the victim, compensation and medical aid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872839", "title": "Monitor the shows your children watch: Psychiatrists", "text": "MUMBAI: Psychiatrists are concerned by the uncensored exposure of children to TV and the internet. They say matters are made worse by a lack of emotional connect between parents and children, and this is evidenced in teenage crime.\"It is a case of here-and-now phenomena,\" said Dr Sanjay Kumawat of the Bombay Psychiatrists' Society. \"Many children act impulsively, without understanding the consequences. They are completely out of the control of their parents. Moreover, what they watch on TV impacts them greatly. It is therefore the responsibility of parents to censor what children watch.\"Dr Seema Hingorany said studies show aggression levels in children rise when they watch aggressive, detective or crime programmes. \"Many children these days suffer from oppositional defiant behaviour, wherein they feel extremely angry, but are not able to channelize it properly.\"said, adding that this behaviour can be seen in both boys and girls equally.It all boils down to lack of good communication between parents and children, say doctors. With working parents, and lack of time, children feel that they have the control. \"The isolation has made children invincible and has given them false courage,\" said psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty. \"Children feel that they can do anything and they will never be discovered. But TV can stimulate only those children in such a way, who have latent psychopathic trait,\" he said.Spending quality time with children each day goes a long way, say doctors. \"Segregation will only lead to addiction to TV or computer at the least and a culmination to aggressive behaviour which may even lead to murder in the worst case scenario,\" said Dr Hingorany, adding that this incident should be an eye-opener for parents.ADVISORY* Keep an eye on what your child watches and what effect the programmes have one him/her.* Talk to your child about TV programmes, tell them the difference between fiction and reality.* Make it a point to give your child moral values in interesting ways. Tell them about right and wrong from an early age.* Spend quality time with your children. If you cannot have at least one meal with them each day, at least spend some recreational time over the weekend.* Send your children for classes like kick-boxing or swimming if they start behaving aggressively.* Take our child for counseling if there is anything amiss.* For emergency call on the helpline-1860 266 2345", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16872421", "title": "Goa State Pollution Control Board notices to 16 industries", "text": "PANAJI: Sixteen industries have been issued show-cause notices for not complying with pollution-monitoring directions advised by the Central Pollution Control Board and directed by the Goa State Pollution Control Board.The industries, which include Reliance Infrastructure Ltd , Sesa Goa Ltd (PIP division), United Breweries Ltd and Zuari Industries Ltd, have been asked why appropriate action should not be initiated against them for non-compliance with directions to install online stack emission and effluent and ambient air quality monitoring systems.The notices state that failure to reply within the stipulated time period will compel the board to initiate stringent legal action, which many include directions for closure and disconnection of power and water connections.MRF Ltd, United Sprits Ltd, Goa Sponge and Power Ltd, Shrithik Ispat, Sanjivani Sahakari Sakkar Karkhana Ltd, Aparant Iron &amp; Steel Pvt Ltd, John Distillers, Syngenta India Ltd, Merck (India) Ltd, Shraddha Ispat Pvt Ltd, Nicoment Industries Ltd and Ambey Metallic Ltd have also received the notices.The Central Pollution Control Board had held that for strengthening the monitoring network, developers and industries should install and operate pollution checks on the polluter pays principle basis.In accordance with this direction, GSPCB had directed industrial units in the state to take immediate measures to install online stack emission and effluent and ambient air quality monitoring systems by June 2012. These are meant to effectively monitor the quality of ambient air and effluent discharge from the industrial unit concerned.The show-cause notices state that upon perusal of records available with the board, the industries have not installed the online stack emission, effluent and ambient air quality monitoring systems which amount to non-compliance of the board's directions.The notices have been issued under Section 31 (A) read with Section 21 of the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) At, 1981, and under Section 33(A) read with section 25/26 of the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16872253", "title": "Police must clear cattle: HC directive", "text": "PANAJI: A high court judgment in 2007 gave directions to police to deploy constables who shall be provided with two wheelers for the purpose of ensuring that the roads are clear of cattle, particularly at night on highways.The judgment was delivered on April 2, 2007, on a writ petition filed by Audhut Kurtorkar from Pernem. Justice S A Bobde and Justice N A Britto of the Bombay high court at Goa, had taken suo moto action to eliminate the menace of cattle squatting on the roads particularly at night and causing serious accidents. The high court directed the municipal council to ensure that stray cattle should be within the pound and not on the road and to appoint a pound-keeper in terms of Section 268 of the Goa Municipalities Act.1968, within one month from that judgment.The court further directed the director of municipal administration to entertain complaints in respect of stray cattle and take action against the erring municipal council in accordance with law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16873375", "title": "Cops issue poll-related notifications", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police commissioner has issued seven notifications related to the upcoming assembly elections.In the first notification, the commissioner has banned carrying weapons including registered firearms from October 19 to December 17. The second bans the use of convoys for persons not on the VIP list or having explicit threats from terrorists. The third notification says that no political party workers can influence the voters in any way or exhibit any political sign. These persons are also banned from using electronic devices 100 meters from election booths.The fourth stylized speeches or showing symbols that can disrupt social peace. In the fifth notification, political parties and supporters are banned from writing slogans on walls or any public or private properties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871022", "title": "By July, cash transfers for cooking gas", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come July and you will have cash equivalent to your cooking gas subsidy in your bank account, marking the biggest shift in delivery of handouts which could help government curb leakages and reduce the strain on public finances.The switch is part of the ambitious three-phase deadline set by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to make the \"kind-to-cash\" transition based on the Aadhaar numbers.At a meeting chaired by Pulok Chatterjee, oil companies, finance and petroleum ministries and the Unique Identification (UID) Authority agreed to put in place a cash transfer mechanism in 50 districts with high Aadhaar penetration by January 1. The cash transfers will start by April 1 in all the districts, where the Aadhaar enrolments are underway. Government has set July 1 as the deadline for the countrywide rollout.Under the proposed plan, everyone with a gas connection will have to go to their gas dealers and preferred banks and submit their Aadhaar number. The government will transfer the money into your back account at the start of each month once the cash transfers start. The amount could be used to buy cooking gas at market rate. So, if a cylinder costs Rs 900 per cylinder, you will get Rs 450 for each cylinder till you have exhausted the quota of subsidized cylinders: from six to nine depending on the state where you live.The vigorous push for cash transfers is seen as aimed at marrying good economics with smart politics, with the drivers hoping that the switch can prune the subsidy bill without hurting the voters. Rather, an assured amount of cash in millions of bank accounts across the country, so goes the reasoning in certain quarters, can generate a fund of goodwill for the government in the build up to the 2014 parliamentary polls.So far, oil companies have only undertaken a pilot project in Mysore, where around 20,000 connections are now mapped to Aadhaar, but cash transfers into individual accounts are facing hiccups due to insistence by banks that subsidy amount be deposited without using Aadhaar.In addition, officials said, there are at least three crucial missing links.For starters, not everyone has an Aadhaar number, which is at the heart of the scheme, with states like Uttar Pradesh yet to join the identification drive. Currently, there are 21 crore numbers, which would cover roughly five-six crore households, while there are 14 crore cooking gas connections. Nandan Nilekani's UID Authority has been tasked with registering 60 crore individuals but the deadline for this is March 2014. The agency has told the PMO that it can expedite the process but speeding it up to that extent may be tough. As a result, oil marketing companies have now been asked to step up the UID registration drive and take the penetration to at least 80% of the population.The absence of bank accounts is seen as another hurdle given that the last census showed that just around 58% of households in India have an account. Although the finance ministry is asking banks to ensure that each household has at least one account, a new mechanism for fund transfer based on Aadhaar is also being proposed. Those who have a gas connection and Aadhaar but no bank account will benefit from the new system as the amount can be claimed from a bank linked to the oil company. You will need to go to the designated bank's branch, fill up a withdrawal slip and submit your Aadhaar to claim the subsidy, an official said.To ensure that an individual does not end up getting subsidy on multiple connections, oil companies have to scrub the list but so far only 2.6 crore of the 14 crore connections have been verified. Officials, however, said that this was a comparatively easier task to achieve.However, the government is keen to ensure that the mechanism is in place in the penultimate year before the 2014 elections. Sources said that the PMO has asked oil companies and the ministries to finalize a roadmap by the end of the month.Times ViewThe fact that Aadhar cards are yet to be handed out to a majority of people and several crore do not have bank accounts either presents obvious problems for the proposed cash transfer system of doling out subsidies. It is important, therefore, that careful thought goes into figuring out how these hurdles are to be surmounted and that the implementation too lives up to the plan. After all, the idea behind moving to cash transfers is to improve the mechanism of delivering subsidies. If that does not happen because of faulty design or execution of the mechanism, it could well spell the end of a promising experiment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16870869", "title": "Another setback for Deccan Chargers", "text": "MUMBAI: Deccan Chargers suffered their second major setback in less than a week, this time failing to win the much-needed judicial protection against the termination notice by the BCCI.Justice RD Dhanuka of the Bombay high court rapped the cash-strapped IPL franchise by observing that the fresh arbitration petition filed by them for a stay on termination was nothing but an \"abuse of the judicial process\".The Hyderabad team had moved the court again on Wednesday even though its earlier petition had been rejected over a bank guarantee that could not be furnished by owners Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited (DCHL).The franchise claimed that there were \"fresh developments and changed circumstances\", including a new buyer in Mumbai-based Landmarc Developers for Rs 1250 crore, which could help undo its financial crisis.The court did not grant DC any interim relief on their new plea either.The HC judge had last Saturday overturned the court-appointed arbitrator -- retired SC judge CK Thakkar's -- stay order when the IPL franchise failed to furnish the Rs 100-crore bank guarantee as was mandated.The BCCI promptly claimed that it meant the exit of DC from the IPL and even floated tenders to sell the team, prompting the team to move the court again.The original notice was issued by BCCI on the IPL franchise for breaches of their 2008 agreement.The franchise immediately sought judicial recourse, challenging the termination. On October 1 the HC allowed them to participate in IPL 6 next April if they furnished the bank guarantee within ten days. By then DC had paid their players' dues for the fifth season. The HC had denied any further extension of time to DCHL to furnish the guarantee last Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16870761", "title": "HUDA to stop water supply to defaulters", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) is going after the water bill defaulters in the city. HUDA's list of defaulters includes 59 plot owners with dues of about Rs 20 lakh.\"The defaulters were given reminders on many occasions. Now we will stop water supply to their houses,\" said a HUDA official.HUDA is also planning to launch a website to streamline the billing process in the city. But a section of HUDA officials are sceptical about the success of the online billing facility. \"The problem of recovery of pending bills comes mainly from residential sectors,\" said the official.The website hudabilling.com will be functional from December, which will solve all the glitches in the timely collection of water and sewerage bills. HUDA has roped in a private firm to prepare the website with all relevant details and link it with the data of the HUDA billing branch. There are four offices of HUDA where residents go to pay bills. Once the website is launched the resident will just need to log in their unique account and pay the bills instantly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16871375", "title": "Synthetic biology raises playing God fears", "text": "HYDERABAD: Is it safe to let humans play God and create new organisms - animals and plants - that have never existed in Mother Nature? The ongoing UN Convention on Biodiversity here is going to address this question on Friday evening, when it decides if countries need to put their heads together to study the new field of synthetic biology.Synthetic biology is a giant leap forward for genetic engineering, triggering a heated global debate. If genetic engineering attempts to refit and alter the alphabets in the DNA to tweak an existing organism, synthetic biology attempts to rewrite the entire sentence and paragraph in the DNA: it creates organisms vastly different from the original.Synthetic biology, as the NGO, Friends of Earth, explains, \"Instead of swapping genes from one species to another (as in traditional genetic engineering), scientists write entirely new genetic code on a computer, \"printing\" it out and then inserting it into organisms, or even trying to create life from scratch.\"Developers and scientists working in the field hope to produce a new generation of fuels, industrial chemicals and biomedical applications. Synthetic biology evokes a similar spin to nano-technology, where scientists and corporate houses took to revolution in economies and technologies in a big way, in recent times.Akin to any new technology there are serious apprehensions about scientists coming closer to creating new and complex organisms. Playing God, as some would say, derisively.The meet will decide if the subject should be scrutinized in detail collectively before more than 180 countries take a call how to regulate the new emerging science, if at all.Predictably, the countries, which are driving the cutting edge work in synthetic biology, are keen that the international community refrains from imposing any great restrictions or oversight mechanism to monitor what they believe would bring more benefits and greater profits.Almost the entire civil society and some developing countries are keen to ensure that the new science does not spread and only then its impacts on global diversity are studied on the lines genetic sciences so far.Come Friday evening, the countries gathered here will decide on how to deploy the principle of 'precautionary principle' to study and monitor this brave, or risky new world of synthetic biology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16872119", "title": "Sharad Yadav lauds Ashok Khemka, demands his security", "text": "NEW DELHI: Accused of being soft on Robert Vadra by IAC's Arvind Kejriwal, NDA convener and JD-U national president Sharad Yadav on Thursday hailed IAS officer Ashok Khemka for ordering probe into an alleged land deal involving Vadra and DLF, and also demanded the bureaucrat's security. Yadav, however, did not attack Vadra directly saying that he supported Khemka only because he had raised an issue related to farmers.\"Khemka has a highlighted a real problem about farmers' land and I want to tell the Haryana chief minister that suppressing facts further deteriorates the image of a politician,\" he said.\"I do not approve of the behaviour meted out to Khemka. That he was transferred more than 40 times in itself is a proof that he was honest. The Haryana government should ensure his safety,\" he said.Yadav also seemed to have come out in support of BJP president Nitin Gadkari over Kejriwal's expose. \"Neither I am backing any allegation nor am I giving clean chit to anybody but he has said that people are free to visit Nagpur, investigate the matter and find out for themselves if what has been alleged is true,\" said Yadav.Criticizing Salman Khurshid for his remarks daring Kejriwal to stage a protest in his constituency, Farrukhabad, and return safely from the area \u2014 interpreted by the anti-graft crusader as a murder threat \u2014 Yadav said, \"it doesn't behove the country's law minister threaten somebody like that\".\"I do not consider appropriate what he said. Farrukhabad is not his fiefdom. It's a free country. Anybody can go to come back from anywhere,\" he added.On Kejriwal naming him as one of the politicians defending Vadra, however, Yadav said that the remark made by the activist was not worthy of any response at all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16872958", "title": "Three arrested for theft of 1,000kg gelatin sticks", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Nemom police on Thursday arrested three people in connection with the theft of explosives, including 100kg of gelatin sticks, from a licensed quarry at Mukkunnimala near here. The arrested have been identified as Shibu alias Kachil Shibu (34), Vijayan alias Kizhakkan Vijayan and Unnikrishnan (46), all natives of Pallichal near Nemom.Shibu and Vijayan are quarry workers and Unni is the proprietor of an unlicensed quarry functioning at Paliyode near Vellarada. The stolen items -- 100 kg gelatin sticks, 1,000-meter long safety fuses and 1,000 detonators -- were stored in the warehouse of a quarry owned by Robert at Mukkunnimala.Fort assistant commissioner K S Suresh Kumar said that Shibu and Vijayan had stolen the explosives and Unni, who was finding it difficult to procure explosives as he did not possess a licence for his quarry, bought the explosives worth Rs 21,000 from the duo.\"Initially, the huge quantity of the explosives stolen had prompted the police to suspect the involvement of fundamentalists. The police had even formed a special squad and launched a probe in this direction,\" the ACP added.The trio were arrested on a tip off. Shibu and Vijayan had contacted several quarry owners over phone to sell off the loot. One among them tipped the police, which led to the arrest.Both were working as hammer drillers at various quarries and were trained to handle explosives. Shibu had owned a quarry at Mukkunnimala about five years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16871443", "title": "Festive spirit puts car sales in top gear", "text": "HYDERABAD: A branded gold jewellery commercial has been on air coaxing people to splurge this festive season. We do not know about jewellery yet, but the coaxing is reflecting in car sales in Hyderabad. This Dasara, bookings and deliveries have shifted to top gear . Car dealers in the city said sales have increased by nearly 50% in the first few days of Navaratri. And the festive spirit seems to be rubbing off majorly on luxury car bookings, sales of which have shot by at least 20%. High end luxury cars including Mercedes Benz, BMW and Volkswagen usually do not really come under the fast moving category with only around one to two sales on a regular day, but dealers said that around 10 deliveries of high end cars from each of their showrooms were already scheduled on Dasara this time.\"Usually, we deliver only one car a day on an average, but on Dasara we have around 12 deliveries scheduled this year and the sales have gone up by 15% compared to Dasara last year,\" said an official from the Mercedes Benz showroom at Madhapur, adding that the C class and E class are the fastest moving cars with around 10 deliveries scheduled on October 24 (Dasara). Meanwhile, for BMW cars too, bookings have gone from around two a day to nearly 10 with more pouring in daily. \"For premium segment cars Dasara is the only time in the year when sales actually pick up significantly as throughout the year sales are not that high,\" said Mir Asim Ali Khan, marketing manager of Kun Exclusive BMW.For dealers of mid-range cars, there is a bigger reason to rejoice as sales during this festive season have accelerated by at least 40%, said dealers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16873510", "title": "80 years on, 'Newsweek' goes all-digital", "text": "NEW YORK: Struggling American news magazine Newsweek will end its 80-year-old run in print this year to go all digital, in what was described by its editor-in-chief as a 'turn of the page' for the publication.The iconic US weekly announced on Thursday that it is adopting an all-digital format beginning next year as it adjusts its business model to the \"challenging\" print advertising environment and focusses on expanding its online readership through tablets and e-books. The transition will also lead to job cuts as the publication cuts down its redundant staff.The venerable US publication, founded in 1933, said its last print edition would be the December 31 issue before it transitions into an all-digital format in early 2013.The all-digital publication will be named Newsweek Global and would be a single, worldwide edition targeted for a \"highly mobile, opinion-leading audience\".The online content would be accessible through paid subscription and be available through e-readers for both tablet and the web.\"Exiting print is an extremely difficult moment for all of us who love the romance of print and unique weekly camaraderie of those hectic hours before the close on Friday night.\"But as we head for the 80th anniversary of Newsweek next year we must sustain the journalism that gives the magazine its purpose--and embrace the all-digital future,\" editor-in- chief of The Daily Beast and Newsweek Tina Brown and CEO Baba Shetty said in a message posted on the Daily Beast on Thursday.Print publications in the US have been struggling to cope with loss in advertising revenue and declining circulation as readers migrate to digital platforms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16875372", "title": "BlackBerry maker RIM to bolster retail network across India", "text": "KOLKATA: Research In Motion (RIM), the maker of BlackBerry mobile handsets, would step up its retail presence across the country to stay afloat in the fiercely competitive smartphones market.\"There is a need to increase our retail presence in the country. RIM has six premium stores at present and the number will be increased,\" RIM India MD Sunil Dutt said. Inaugurating the first premium BlackBerry store in the city here today, Dutt said that all the stores were operated through the franchisee route. The other cities where these stores are located are: Delhi, Gurgaon, Bangalore and Mumbai.Replying to a query, Dutt said there had been no decline in the sales and market share of BlackBerry handsets in India.\"We will cater only to the high-end market. Our price points range between just below Rs 10,000 and Rs 1.40 lakh,\" Dutta told reporters.Saying that RIM would never enter the lower end of the market, Dutt asserted that RIM was the only company to manufacture hybrid phones, touchscreen with Qwerty keypad. He pointed out that RIM's main customer bases were enterprises and the open market. When asked about the PlayBook tablet, he said the response is good.He announced the new Blackberry 10 mobile operating system would be launched in the first quarter of the next financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872667", "title": "Love for coins saves braveheart from robber's bullet", "text": "MUMBAI: Sanjay Duttaram Mayekar's love for coins came in handy in rather unexpected fashion on Thursday, shielding him from a robber's bullet.The 44-year-old Vikhroli resident, who tried to stop three men from fleeing with a businessman's bag near Kumbharwada, was injured when one of the robbers fired a country-made revolver at the crowd chasing them. The bullet, which hit the ground, ricocheted off the road and got lodged in Mayekar's hip pocket. But a sizeable coin collection in the pocket saved him from much grievous injury. The robber and his two accomplices managed to escape in the commotion after the shooting.Police said businessman Kundalik Sawant (48), arrived in Mumbai by KonkanKanya Express and proceeded to buy gifts for his family. \"Sawant went to Gol Deol area at Kumbharwada, to buy something for his family. He bought a few cushions and had a black satchel on him, containing Rs 40,000. All of a sudden, around 10.30am, three persons sneaked up behind him, snatched his bag and began running. Sawant cried for help and began chasing them,\" said a policeman.Passersby in the busy marketplace joined Sawant in chasing the robbers. Mayekar was busy making food arrangements at a navratri mandal on Bhandari street near Gol Deol. He saw the three men being chased by a crowd and heard shouts of 'chor chor'. Mayekar immediately intervened and tried to catch one of the robbers. But the robber pushed Mayekar back and pulled out a country-made revolver, which he fired pointing towards the floor, ostensibly to scare the crowd. The bullet rebounded and pierced Mayekar's back pocket, said the policeman.The sound of a gunshot managed to create commotion in a city always on the edge. Shopkeepers immediately began downing their shutters and in the melee, the robbers managed to run away. While Sawant found his bag lying on the ground, there was only Rs 4,000 left in it and the remaining Rs 36,000 had been stolen.Meanwhile, Mayekar felt some uneasiness in his hip and was taken to JJ Hospital. \"The bullet hit his pocket, which had several coins, and pierced his hip. Though the injury is not severe, Mayekar is being treated at the hospital,\" police said.While no arrests have been made, the JJ Marg police have registered an FIR under various sections of the IPC and Arms Act. They have registered a case of robbery, grievous hurt and using firearm against the three unidentified persons. Police obtained the CCTV images of the incident from a scrap dealer in the area, Lalit. They have drawn up three sketches and alerted all their informers.An injured Mayekar said, \"I thought the robber was taking out a knife, but he pulled out a revolver instead. He fired on the floor and I still got hit, but thank God I am alright.\" Mayekar earlier lived in the Kumbharwada area and had recently shifted to Vikhroli. He had come to attend the navratri function on Thursday with his old friends.The incident took place at around 10.30 am near Gol Deol at Kumbharwada. The victim, Sanjay Duttaram Mayekar (44), a Vikhroli resident, had tried to nab the robbers when he saw them fleeing with a bag.The IncidentAt 10.30am near Gol Deol, Grant Road, three men snatched a bag from businessman Kundalik Sawant (48), containing Rs 40,000Sawant raised an alarm and chased them along with several passersbySanjay Mayekar, who was busy making food arrangements for a navratri mandal, saw the three running and chased them, managing to nab one robberThe robber pushed him back and fired one round on the floor from his revolver. The bullet ricocheted to hit Mayekar's back pocketThe robbers fled in the commotion leaving the bag behind, but taking Rs 36,000 with them", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16872037", "title": "Govt steps up drive to train urban poor", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government will organize a skill development programme for urban poor youth here on Friday. The event has been titled Skilled Training Education Programme for Urban Poor (STEP-UP). The government has targeted to train 7,600 urban youths during 2012-13. As many as 27 institutes have been roped in for the event.As part of Swarna Jayanti Sahari Rojgar Yojana (SJSRY), the STEP-UP mela will be a platform for youths, under 18 years and belonging to BPL category, to receive training from different institutions. Youths living in Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) area are eligible to attend the fair.\"It is basically a placement-linked skill development training programme. As many as 27 Institutions have been empanelled by the state government to put up their stalls. We also launched a campaign to make youths aware of the event, so that they do not miss out on the opportunity,\" said Binay Kumar Das, slum improvement officer (SIO) with the BMC. The BMC had organized a nine-day awareness drive in all the 60 wards of BMC. The 27 institutes attending the fair also participated in it.Das said the one-day event will felicitate youths' knowledge about different trades and availability of jobs in those trades. They can also get ideas about how they can be self-employed.The institutes will impart skill upgrade training on computer learning, security watch, driving, masonry, food processing, tailoring, mobile handset repair, leather work, applique, candle-making and the like.\"There will be a registration form for further training and placement. Interested youths will have to fill up the forms as per their choices,\" the SIO said. He said the youths would have to provide proof of their BPL status to attend the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "16872066", "title": "272 buses have not paid tax for a decade", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Commissioner of Tirhut division Mihir Kumar Singh, also the chairman of North Bihar Transport Authority, said on Thursday that as many as 272 private buses were running in Tirhut division without paying road tax for over a decade.The commissioner said these transporters had been issued showcause notices and given 30 days' time to pay their taxes or face legal action. New permits would be issued liberally as the public would not be allowed to suffer because of the shortage of buses on different routes, he said.When his attention was drawn to an FIR lodged by his secretary against former minister Hind Kesari Yadav who had entered his office to save his life from the liquor mafia, the commissioner had asked the police to analyze the incident.He said journalists who claim that they were present on the occasion will be made witnesses to the incident.He said he was not going to withdraw the FIR either against Yadav or against the attackers.He was not a person to investigate the case. It was for the police to investigate the incident. He could not allow his office to be made a battleground between two parties.The accused must be punished according to the rule of the law, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16872533", "title": "Rs 40,000 crore flexi-fund for states in the works", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre is planning a first-of-its-kind flexi-fund of Rs 40,000 crore for rural development programmes designed by the states according to their needs. The move to give greater freedom to states in designing projects comes as a signal from the Centre at a time when states have often accused the Union government of going against federalism.Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh announced on Thursday that the fund will be available to states from the next fiscal till the end of 12th Five Year Plan in March, 2017. The Centre and states will share 70:30 percent ratio of this fund.Availability of flexi-fund is aimed to ensure better targeting and focused projects on state-specific priorities. This fund would be available as an additional amount that can be spent either on existing centrally sponsored schemes of the Central ministry.\"It will be operational only from the next year onwards. My own view is that we should give the maximum flexibility. But this is an issue which will ultimately go for the Cabinet approval,\" Planning Commission vice-chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia said. He added that the flexi-fund could expand with the mid-term review depending upon the use of funds.The government has proposed an allocation of Rs 4,90,000 crore for rural development programmes during the 12th Plan and another Rs 1,00,000 crore for drinking water and sanitation programmes of the ministry of rural development, Ahluwalia said.\"We are taking a fresh look at social sector schemes,\" he said, adding that these schemes need to be made more flexible for better implementation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16872003", "title": "Sonia repeats Tumkur line, calls for unity", "text": "MANGALORE: For the second time in six months, AICC president Sonia Gandhi directed the state Congress leaders to completely sink their differences, personal ambitions and work collectively to bring the Congress back to power in Karnataka.Stressing the need for leaders to hear the voice of workers, Sonia said it is time for the party to reach out to people and win back their trust and confidence given the discontent against the state government.It was deja vu for participants at the Congress workers' convention on Thursday as she repeated the advice she had given to leaders in Tumkur in April this year at a similar convention. Underscoring the need for unity in the time of polls, she said, \"You must talk in one voice and destroy the falsehood that BJP is spreading about the Congress in the state.\"Taking note of concerns raised by KPCC president G Parameshwar and leader of the opposition Siddaramaiah on the severe drought affecting many taluks across Karnataka and need for greater central assistance, Sonia said, \"I will put it before the Union government that more help is needed for farmers of the region.\" The Centre has already released Rs 700 crore to Karnataka, she told the gathering.Taking umbrage at constant complaints by state BJP leadership on the alleged step-motherly treatment meted out to Karnataka in terms of financial aide, Sonia said: \"The UPA in the last five years has released Rs 80,000 crore to Karnataka, while the state received Rs 30,000 crore under NDA government.\" She exhorted the workers to question the state BJP leadership as to where the money went.Making a veiled reference to the growing polarisation of communities in coastal Karnataka, Sonia said BJP government is destroying the social fabric of the state, pitting communities against each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16870437", "title": "After this, will Achuthanandan be able to look Rema in the eye?", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: It is never too late to correct oneself and CPM veteran V S Achuthanandan, always a true communist, subjected himself to abasing 'self-criticism' in public on Thursday. Only the politically gullible are, however, likely to be deceived about the real nature of his confessions when VS, appropriately contrite and his voice often catching, listed out a whole list of recent misdemeanours he had been guilty of.It was an apparent move to avoid serious disciplinary action, even possible expulsion from the party, after the CPM's central committee (CC) censured him the second consecutive time last week. At a crowded news conference, VS accepted that his support for the Kudankulam agitation, the visit to murdered RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan's house on the day of the Neyyattinkara bypoll, and his comparison of CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan to S A Dange had been \"improper and avoidable\".Having conspicuously raised the political temperature in the state soon after the TP murder by not just condemning the gruesomeness of the act but also leaving no room for doubt as to who might have done it, VS cut a sorry figure when he said, \"General secretary Prakash Karat and the CC have clarified that the party would initiate stringent action against those cadres who are found involved in the crime.\"To queries on the arrest of CPM leaders in the case, VS said an arrest by itself didn't prove anything.Observing that his trip to TP's house happened on the same day of the Neyyattinkara bypoll was quite accidental, VS said, \"I accept the criticism of the central committee that it was a wrongful act. It could have been on some other day, not on the day of Neyyattinkara bypoll\".VS also publicly apologised for comparing state secretary Pinarayi with 'right deviationist' Dange. \"It [the comparison] was while answering a question in a press conference about calling TP a 'renegade'. I accepted that mistake and confessed in the CC and state committee. The party central committee published it in a resolution. As the need for confessing the error in public was pointed out, I am explaining this,\" he said.In what can only be a seen as a feeble attempt to save face, VS clarified that he would continue to be sceptical on the Koodankulam project and nuclear energy in general. \"The time hasn't come for reaching a conclusion on the issue of nuclear energy and nuclear power plant. A debate on the issue is still going on across the world,\" he said. He however hastened to add that, \"The party is not against the people who are on protest there. The resolution clearly states that the nuclear power plant should not be commissioned before ensuring safety,\" he said.To a question whether it was worth clinging to the party when he would turn 89 in two days, VS replied, \"there was nothing wrong in it. I could do many good deeds for the welfare of the people of this country during my public life. I admit there had been some mistakes in between. I accept such mistakes in a self-critical manner\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16872541", "title": "Probe ordered into canal construction", "text": "LUCKNOW: Agriculture production commissioner Alok Ranjan on Thursday ordered an inquiry into construction works of some canals in Ramganga following complaints of farmers of the Bundelkhand region.He said that accountability of the officers will be fixed for negligence in construction works and water supply in the canals and action will be taken against them. He interacted with farmers who were present in the seminar and assured them of every possible help.Ranjan directed the agriculture department to ensure availability of pulses seeds at all seeds selling centre in the area by October 25 and asked the department that responsibility of officers be fixed for making appropriate arrangements in this respect.He asked district magistrate Jhansi to take a meeting of irrigation engineers to ensure water availability in the canals and issued direction to complete repair works of the damaged Hameerpur Mant branch canal by October 28.Ranjan has directed district administration of the respective districts of Bundelkhand to organise agriculture investment melas in all developments blocks between October 29 and November 2. He also asked for a survey to estimate the number of farmers who still have not got kisan credit cards with them and directed district magistrate to soon make these cards available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16875383", "title": "Al-Qaida still active, says Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama has conceded that al-Qaida is still active, despite the fact that its top leadership has been decimated in the last few years.\"It's true that al-Qaida is still active, at least sort of remnants of it are staging in other parts of North Africa and the Middle East,\" Obama told the Comedy Central \"The Daily Show\" in an interview.\"We've been able to do is to say we ended the war in Iraq , we're winding down the war in Afghanistan , we've gone after al-Qaida and its leadership,\" he said.Earlier in the day, his spokesman said that al-Qaida remains the number one enemy of the US, even as strength of this terrorist organization has been considerably weakened and many of its top leadership killed.\"Al Qaida remains our number-one enemy and our number- one foe. That is why we focus so much of our attention on al-Qaida and its affiliates, because the struggle against al-Qaida continues, and the (US) President has been focused on it since the day he took office,\" White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters.\"This President, when he came into office, made clear his intention of refocusing our efforts on those who attacked the United States of America and killed Americans on September 11th, 2001. And he has kept that promise,\" he said.\"Our efforts against al-Qaida have inarguably led to success and progress, but the work is not done. Al-Qaida central and a leadership there has been devastated by our efforts and the efforts of our allies,\" Carney said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16874634", "title": "Sanjay Dutt gets an FX tummy tuck", "text": "It was only recently that actor Sanjay Dutt returned from London several kilos lighter and minus those telltale eyebags. Prior to this look-changing trip, the actor was spotted not exactly in the best of shape.Last week, while dubbing for his latest film Zilla Ghaziabad , he saw the old footage, and that proved more than a rude reminder. His potbelly was hanging off the belt he was made to sport as part of the policeman uniform.Uncomfortable with what he saw, Dutt first suggested that the makers re-shoot the unflattering scenes. But since that would have sent the budget off-track, the actor finally convinced them to digitally snip his tummy, using special effects.A source close to the unit told TOI, while it was acceptable for Dutt to sport a podgy belly in a diving suit in Tony D'Souza's Blue, as a cop, parading a belly, was unacceptable.A reluctant Vinod Bachchan, producer of the film said, \"Yes, Sanjay was a little overweight when the film was being shot. So, we're cleaning (sic) those scenes. I am thrilled with his performance. He has played a cop several times. But this one is special. In fact, I plan to introduce a voiceover for his character, Pritam Singh, each time he makes an appearance on screen.\"Bachchan sees no reason why there's a hullabaloo over the decision. \"Lots of actors get their overweight scenes cleaned. Why point a finger at Sanjay?\" he asked, annoyed.Meanwhile, the head of a production firm, requesting anonymity, revealed, \"These days, stars want to be seen fitter than they already are. Kareena Kapoor's curves were accentuated in Heroine. Dutt's weight will be reduced in Zilla Ghaziabad.Jackie Shroff , I hear is also being 'spruced up' for forthcoming films. Why just the flabby stars? Even a fit John Abraham's beach scene in Dostana was doctored for droolworth.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16871071", "title": "Youths chuck Durga Puja fun to help cops in crowd rush", "text": "KOLKATA: For most of us, Durga Puja is all about splurging on lip-smacking food, hop from one pandal to another or sink into hours of unadulterated adda sessions. But for two youths in the city, Puja means a time to take up responsibilities, respond to distress calls and save lives.For 24-year-old Aveek Mukherjee, a post by Bidhannagar City Police on Facebook changed his way of looking at life. The post read: \"Here is an occasion to work for the society and also fulfill your dream to be a police officer for a day! Help Bidhannagar City Police in management of Police Assistance Booths during Durga Puja . You will be given charge of a Police Assistance Booth of your choice on a day of your choice between Panchami to Dashmi.\"After coming across the post, Aveek, a tattoo artist by profession, changed his entire Puja plan. In his own words, this was perhaps the only Puja where he had time to spend with his friends and family. \"Earlier, I was into event management. The work schedule was such that I remained neck-deep in work when others were holidaying. Now that I have started working as a professional tattoo artist on my own, I did have time,\" he said. But now, he thinks it would be more meaningful to help people than killing time engaging in adda sessions at his para Puja pandal in Baguiati.\"I have worked with several organizations for some time now. But I've never worked with police before. I have been told that we will be trained on what we have to do. And what's more, when I told this to my friends they were excited too. They somehow missed the post. My mother is elated at the mere thought that I've decided to take up such responsibilities. I am very excited,\" he beamed.And Aveek isn't alone. Take for example Avijit Pal, another Baguati resident. Only 20 years old, Avijit is an aspiring cricketer playing for Kalighat in the CAB U-21 league. \"My cricket schedule is such demanding that I hardly get time for anything else. But for some time now, whenever I get a chance I try to help police. My cousin works for Kolkata Police and somewhere he has also been a big influence. When I came across this post, I was excited and applied for it. They seemed to like me and I hope they will be happy with my performance. I really liked this idea of an appeal to common people and be a stakeholder in the police initiative to ensure trouble-free Pujas,\" he said.But wouldn't he like to spend time with his friends. \"Friends are there for life. If I can do something which gives me satisfaction then why not? Such opportunities come rarely,\" he added.Bidhannagar police DCP (Traffic) Pranav Kumar said, \"We are happy with the response we got. A Police Assistance Booth is set up to help people from Panchami to Dashami. The applicants will be allowed to man these booths for a day and be in over-all charge of these booths. These booths are the first spots of crisis management and they will be constantly in touch with senior officers that day.\"\"This is a step towards involving people in our day-to-day activities. The booths will be at FD Block park, Broadway, BE East, Labony, Sribhumi, Laketown, two in Dumdum Park and Karunamoyee. The applicants can choose their own booth. We will recognize their contribution with a certificate and other memorabilia,\" Bidhannagar police commissioner Rajeev Kumar added.They chose to have a different Puja. One which is just not about having fun, pandal hopping with friends and late night parties. But one which would put them right in the thick of action, being a cop for a day and manning the Police Assistance Booths. The work would entail not only helping the milieu of people heading to the big draw Pujas in Salt Lake, Lake Town, Baguihati and Dum Dum Park but also respond to crisis, ranging from medical emergencies, missing children and crowd control.Aveek Mukherjee, 24, is a professional tattoo artist based in Baguihati. In Aveek's own words, this was perhaps the only Puja where he had time to spend with his friends and family. \"Earlier, I was into event management. The work schedule was such that we remained neck deep in work when others were on a holiday. Now that when I have started working as a professional tattoo artist on my own, I did have time,\" he says. But then browsing through the Facebook page of Bidhannagar City Police, he was stuck by a post. It read, \"Here is an occasion to work for the society and also fulfill your dream to be a police officer for a day! Help Bidhannagar City Police in management of Police Assistance Booths during Durga Puja . You will be given charge of a Police Assistance Booth of your choice on a day of your choice between Panchami to Dashmi.\" Aveek immediately mailed an application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16872351", "title": "Geelani asks govt to stop Amarnath 'road' construction, threatens agitation", "text": "SRINAGAR: Separatist Syed Ali Shah Geelani on Thursday reiterated his threat to launch an agitation against what he described as the government's plans to build a macadamized road to the ecologically-fragile Amarnath cave shrine in South Kashmir Himalayas.Geelani said he would announce the programme for the agitation after Eid-ul-Azha (October 27) if the government does not abandon the plan.\"We have also surveyed the area and found that the government has started the road construction. The construction material has been taken to the site in South Kashmir's restricted forest area,\" Geelani told reporters. \"We will make people aware of the long term results of the construction plan that would disturb the area's ecological balance.\"Earlier, Geelani had asked the state government to give up the idea of road connectivity to the shrine on September 2. \"Two state ministers insisted that no road construction was planned, but governor N N Vohra and chief minister Omar Abdullah agreed to implement a Supreme Court directive on road connectivity to the cave in a recent meeting,\" Geelani said.He reiterated his demand for limiting the Amarnath yatra to 15 days, cap on the number of pilgrims and giving Kashmiri Pandits a lead role in conducting it. The separatist leader sough Shri Amaranthji Shrine Board's abolition and said non-state subjects should be kept away from interfering with the yatra.Geelani insisted that Kashmiris are not against the yatra, but accused the Centre of trying to impose its \"political agenda\" through it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16872052", "title": "No plans to join Hazare as of now: Gen V K Singh", "text": "PUNE: Former army chief Gen V K Singh on Thursday played down his meeting with social activist Anna Hazare in Ralegan Siddhi, saying that he had called on the social crusader to enquire about his health.\"As of now, I have no plans to join Hazare's movement,\" Singh said, but added in the same breath, \"I am ready to support anybody against corruption. Hazare has a special place in the hearts of the people.''Singh's meeting with Hazare had given rise to speculations that he was planning to be a part of the new Team Anna, more so because former team members Kiran Bedi and others are planning to meet Hazare on Friday.On Wednesday, Hazare had announced that he will launch his nationwide tour in January 2013 from Gandhi maidan in Patna , from where Loknayak Jaiprakash Narayan had launched his Janandolan.Asked what he had discussed with Anna during their meeting, Singh said, \"Nothing serious. He has just recovered from an eye surgery and I inquired about his health.\"Earlier, speaking at a programme organized by the Lokmanya Multipurpose Cooperative Society on the topic, 'The state of nation and national security', Singh said the armed forces of the country were well prepared (for any eventuality).However, he added that internal problems such as corruption, Naxalism, insurgency and separatist movements have to be tackled effectively.\"There is a lack of good leadership in the country because of which there is an absence of good governance,\" he said. There should be an age limit for political leaders and they should retire once they have crossed that limit, Singh added. When asked whether he would contest elections, Singh said that he was also within the 'retirement age bracket'.He said that every individual has to fight against corruption.\"Everyone has to work for nation-building. The youth have a major role in the democratic process. And, people with good character should contest elections,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "luxor (egypt)", "code": "16873720", "title": "Girls' hair cut for not wearing veil", "text": "LUXOR (EGYPT): A teacher in Luxor, southern Egypt punished two 12-year-old schoolgirls for not wearing the Muslim headscarf by cutting their hair, the father of one girl said on Thursday, in an incident that stokes concerns over rights following the rise of Islamist political movements.The governor of the province called the teacher's actions \"shameful\" and said she had been transferred to another school. The teacher, Eman Abu Bakar, could not be reached. ap", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16874075", "title": "Obama daughters' school evacuated following threat of a suspicious bag lying on campus", "text": "WASHINGTON: The school attended by the US President Barack Obama's daughters was briefly evacuated following a phoned-in threat of a suspicious bag lying on the campus.The suspicious bag, which created panic in the school for some time among security agencies including the Secret Service was later on was found out to be a child's back pack.\"This is an emergency message from Sidwell Friends School. Due to a suspicious phone call, the buildings on the Wisconsin Avenue campus have been evacuated. We will notify you when further information is available,\" said the school's emergency alert system earlier in the day, which was reported by the Washingtonian magazine.The Secret Service and the local police said there was evidence it at any times threatened daughters of the First Family.14-year-old Malia and 11-year-old Sasha Obama are students at Sidwell Friends school in Washington DC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16873455", "title": "Sarpanch gets DNA test done", "text": "LUDHIANA: On the directions of the Punjab and Haryana high court, a sarpanch of a village under Meharban police station had his DNA test done on Thursday.SHO of Meharban police station Inderjeet Singh said the case dates back to 2000 and a petition was filed by a woman in 2009 against the sarpanch demanding rights of her daughter from the accused.The sarpanch was taken to the civil hospital where he gave a blood sample which would be analyzed in Hyderabad. In the meantime, sarpanch Man Singh denied all charges by saying: \"The woman is telling a lie. I know I am not to blame which is why I have come all the way from Canada to comply with the court orders. I have full faith in the judiciary and the DNA report would prove that I am innocent.\"SHO said: \"The report would take around 45 days and once received, it would be sent to the high court. Things would be clear then.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16870634", "title": "Traffic bulbs to make Noida snarl-free soon", "text": "NOIDA: With the city being caught in continuous traffic jams, Noida Authority has decided to regulate vehicle movement at some of the busiest stretches. To begin with, new traffic bulbs will be constructed at three of the most congested stretches in the city \u2014 at Sector 122 along the Noida-Greater Noida link road, under the Mahamaya flyover and between Sectors 14 and 15.Keeping in mind the projected increase in traffic towards Greater Noida West (Noida Extension), once the real estate projects and development work in the area are completed, the Noida Authority has already begun work on the first traffic bulb at Sector 122 to make the stretch between the Sectors 71-72 crossing and Greater Noida West traffic snarl free. Being constructed at a cost of Rs 35 lakh, it is expected to regulate traffic moving from Sectors 68, 71, 72, 120, 121, 122 towards Greater Noida West. The project will be completed within a month.\"The crossing near Sectors 71-72 witnesses regular traffic jams and the situation is likely to get worse considering the projected increase in vehicular movement around the area after work in Greater Noida West and the City Center project are completed. The traffic bulb coming up near the Hindon Bridge will regulate vehicular movement and ease travelling for commuters going towards Greater Noida West,\" said HN Singh, head of the work circle 6 of Noida Authority. \"Once the traffic bulb is constructed, commuters coming from Chijarsi towards Kulesra will need to take the U-turn from 200m ahead at the traffic bulb to come on to the main link road,\" Singh added.After this project, the Authority will also begin work on constructing roundabouts at the Sector 73-122 junction and at the Sector 70-121 crossing as part of its plan to make the stretch signal free.Authority officials said that the next two traffic bulbs, planned under the Mahamaya flyover and between Sectors 14 and 15 will be constructed at a cost of about Rs 1.2 crore and will help regulate traffic movement between Delhi and Greater Noida. \"The tender proceedings for the construction of the traffic bulb under the Mahamaya Flyover have already been initiated and work on it will be completed within four months from the time it begins. This traffic bulb will help those commuters coming from Delhi via the Noida Gate and headed towards the Police Control Room area,\" an Authority official said. \"A traffic bulb between Sectors 14 and 15 is also being constructed to reduce traffic snarls between Sector 14A and the Golchakkar Sector 1 area,\" the official added.This traffic bulb will also benefit residents of Sectors 14 who are currently forced to use the Sector 14A flyover to come to their homes from the Golchakkar side. Commuters coming from Delhi to Sectors 14A and 15 currently need to travel via the busy and snarl-ridden Golchakkar traffic junction. This traffic bulb will be constructed within the next two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16875355", "title": "'Apple plans to buy struggling startup Color Labs'", "text": "WASHINGTON: Tech giant Apple is reportedly planning to acquire Color Labs, the company behind the failed photo sharing mobile application Color, a report has claimed.According to The Next Web sources revealed that Apple snagged the struggling startup for a multimillion-dollar price tag in the \"high double digits,\" though the deal has yet to be finalized.Plagued with a faltering user base and unstable executive leadership, Apple's acquisition would rejuvenate Color, which recently closed its flagship app just after a year after relaunching it, Mashable reports.After securing 41 million dollars in pre-launch venture capital, Color debuted a photo-sharing app last March to lackluster response.It continued to struggle despite relaunching the app with Facebook integration and video-sharing features six months later.According to the report, this May, the company teamed up with Verizon to pre-install its app on the mobile carrier's 4G LTE-enabled Android phones, still Color's number of active users only increased from 50,000 in May to around 400,000 in September.The numbers aren't too good in comparison to competitors such as Instagram , which has over 7 million daily active mobile users.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16872024", "title": "Naxals forged ties with ISI with SIMI's help: Bengal DGP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Maoists may have been facing all-round reverses in West Bengal ever since chief minister Mamata Banerjee took charge of the state last year, but they have forged a deadly alliance with the Pakistani spy agency ISI through overground radicals and remnants of the banned outfit SIMI during the period.Revelation was made by the West Bengal police chief Naparajit Mukherjee here on Thursday when he told a gathering of chief secretaries and DGPs of other naxal-affected states about the growing Maoist-ISI nexus in four districts of the state.Expressing his anguish over the development, he is learnt to have said that the nexus had been reported after arrests of some Maoists who elaborated how overground sympathizers of the Red Ultras acted as a 'link' for them.Murshidabad, West Midnapore, Purulia and Bankura are the four districts where the West Bengal Police had noticed actions that hinted at Maoist-ISI linkages. The link is believed to be helping the ultras in getting arms and ammunition through existing network of north-east insurgents.Though the Union home ministry did not add to what Mukherjee told the gathering over the nefarious link, security and intelligence agencies spoke about the possibility through Maoists sympathizers. They also said that the Maoists' support to the Jammu &amp; Kashmir terrorists for their cause in the bordering state had never been a secret.The disclosure of Mukherjee comes even as Bengal has shown remarkable change in the situation where it effectively controlled the Red menace in the past one year through consistent intelligence-based operations against the Red Ultras.Home ministry latest figures on naxal violence show that West Bengal - once a hotbed of Maoist activities - has, in fact, moved closer to what Andhra Pradesh had achieved by reporting zero casualty consistently in past so many years.Ministry's statistics, based on state's reports, show that none of three highly Maoist-affected districts - West Midnapore, Purulia and Bankura \u2014 did not reported any killing in the past 10 months. The period, which incidentally coincides with the Banerjee's rule in the state, had also seen the elimination of senior naxal leaders including top CPI(Maoist) politburo member Kishenji and arrest of several others during joint operations of state police and central paramilitary forces.West Midnapore, which witnessed as many as 360 deaths of civilians and security personnel during 2009-11, has reported zero casualty this year. Purulia, Bankura, Birbhum, Murshidabad and Malda have also not reported any casualty.Officials here believed that human intelligence-based 'specific' operations as well as the CM's approach to reach out to people directly in the Maoist-affected districts had played important role in achieving such a situation in West Bengal.\"Mamata Bannerjee is the only chief minister who holds regular meetings and rallies right in the naxals' dominated districts. This political move to fill the vacuum created by the retreating Maoists proves to be a boon for West Bengal\", said a senior home ministry official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16872892", "title": "Congress poster takes potshots at Kejriwal", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Once again leaders from the city of netas came to the rescue of the Congress party. With the entire party leadership at the state and Centre getting into a huddle in the wake of a barrage of allegations levelled by team Kejriwal and follow-up investigations by media, a local Congress leader who had earlier thrown the gauntlet at firebrand Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Sushma Swaraj questioning her stand on corruption and her comments on \"mota maal\", has once again thrown his hat in the fray. This time, however, his target is Kejriwal, who is shown in a poster at the busy Subhash crossing in Civil Lines along with his mentor and well known Gandhian Anna Hazare with potshots taken at former's definition of 'aam aadmi' or the common man.The poster put up on behalf of Uttar Pradesh Bhrashtachar Mitaao Morcha has a photograph of Congress leader Tariq Saeed Ajjo at the bottom and has crisp one-liners aimed at newsmaker Kejriwal.Throwing a question at the people to learn to differentiate between real and fake leaders, the centrestage on the poster is occupied by statements which question his will to take up cudgels on behalf of the 'aam aadmi'.Dubbing the anti-graft crusader Kejriwal as one who has no faith in rule of law but claims to be an 'aam aadmi' with the words \"kanoon mein vishwas nahi rakhta-main hoon aam aadmi\", the poster takes a jibe at IAC's inability to move out of the national capital and take up issues elsewhere in the country (Delhi key bahar ki samasya nahin dekhta-main hoon aam aadmi).Likewise it also raps the IAC for ignoring the issues related to exploitation of women , failing to take notice of power consumers in Uttar Pradesh, or taking notice of stamp duty evasion by Shanti Bushan and Prashant Bhushan, failing to break the nexus between builders and the state governments in UP and other states and other such matters.The commentary holds IAC responsible for taking recourse to politics in the umbrage of the national flag and insensitivity towards the plight of riot victims in Gujarat.When his attention was drawn towards the issue, Congress leader Tariq Saeed Ajjo said \"While on one hand Kejriwal's mentor Anna Hazare is keeping mum on every issue, his protege is attacking political parties at will which points at the fact that there is a tacit understanding between the two. More over, the nexus between the BJP and team Kejriwal too has been exposed given his soft pedalling on issues related to BJP leaders.\"On being asked about Congress leaders being exposed by Kejriwal and his team, he said they were free to go to court of law if they had evidence instead of garnering cheap publicity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16872655", "title": "Gateway to Kumaon Hills: Direct trains from Lucknow to Lalkuan soon", "text": "LUCKNOW: New direct trains between Lucknow and Lalkuan - the gateway to Kumaon Hills - are likely to be introduced soon. Nainital Express, the only direct train between the two places, was restricted till Bhojipura in December 2011 because of gauge conversion between Bareilly and Lalkuan. The work on the 84-km Bareilly-Lalkuan section was completed last month.On Thursday, the commissioner of railway team safety started its two-day inspection of the newly converted section to check the various aspects of safety. CRS inspection will find out if the section is fit to handle the passenger traffic. Besides, it will also decide the speed of the trains running on the route. Once this inspection is over the stretch will be ready for operations. Thus, the entire Lucknow-Bareilly-Lalkuan stretch has now been converted into broad gauge raising the possibility of new direct trains soon. To start with, Railways has planned passenger trains on the track. Besides, feasibility study is on to introduce more trains on the route.\"Focus will be on planning to utilize the section for maximum benefit of people,\" said Amit Singh , CPRO, NER. Though at present Howrah-Lalkuan Express is available for journey between Lucknow and Lalkuan, it is not of much help for a large number of travelers from UP as it has very limited number of seats as compared to any train which originates from Lucknow. Also, its timings are not very convenient. The other two direct trains from Lucknow to the foothills gateway -- Howrah-Kathgodam Express daily and Kanpur Anwarganj-Kathgodam Garib Rath weekly -- take a circuitous route. The trains get laterally diverted to Rampur from Bareilly, and then move towards Lalkuan, thus running for 135 km. The new Bareilly-Kathgodam broad gauge stretch is 25 km shorter.Nainital Express was the only direct train covering the distance of 389 km between Aishbagh (Lucknow) and Kathgodam. But gauge conversion of 26 km Lalkuan-Kathgodam stretch and then the 84 km Bareilly-Lalkuan stretch shortened its journey in December till Bhojipura on Bareilly-Lalkuan route. Nainital Express nowadays runs between Aishbagh and Bhojioura on metre gauge. This stretch, too, would be converted into broad gauge, say railway officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16875074", "title": "Obama daughters' school evacuated following threat", "text": "WASHINGTON: The school attended by the US President Barack Obama's daughters was briefly evacuated following a phoned-in threat of a suspicious bag lying on the campus.The suspicious bag, which created panic in the school for some time among security agencies including the Secret Service was later on was found out to be a child's back pack.\"This is an emergency message from Sidwell Friends School. Due to a suspicious phone call, the buildings on the Wisconsin Avenue campus have been evacuated. We will notify you when further information is available,\" said the school's emergency alert system earlier in the day, which was reported by the Washingtonian magazine.The Secret Service and the local police said there was evidence it at any times threatened daughters of the First Family.14-year-old Malia and 11-year-old Sasha Obama are students at Sidwell Friends school in Washington DC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871127", "title": "Steep hike in parking charges likely soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Soon, Delhiites will have to pay more for parking in public places. At a special meeting chaired by chief secretary P K Tripathi on Thursday, it was decided to increase the parking rates. Though the rates are yet to be finalized, officials say there is going to be steep hike. The government is mulling scrapping night parking charges - one-time parking charges collected from new vehicles at the time of registration.Sources say the government is planning to charge Rs 10-15 for half an hour, Rs 20 for one hour, Rs 50 for three hours and Rs 100-150 for six hours. There will be an exponential increase in the rates for subsequent hours. \"Though the rates have not been finalized, all agencies were in favour of an increase in parking rates. It was suggested that beyond six hours, Rs 20-25 should be charged per hour. All agencies were in favour of an exponential increase in parking rates beyond six hours,'' said an official.It was also proposed at the meeting that night parking charges should be scrapped. Instead, the civic agencies should work out a plan to impose parking charges in residential colonies. The four municipal bodies have been directed to prepare a proposal in this regard. \"When there is an exponential increase in parking rates, there is no point in collecting night parking charges. Also, in case a resident has two cars, then an extra parking fee should be charged for the second vehicle. Civic agencies have been asked to prepare a plan regarding charging of parking fee in residential colonies,'' said an official.Based on the recommendations of Environment Pollution Control Authority and directions of the high court-appointed special task force, the transport department had invited suggestions/objections regarding increase in parking rates in April. Sources say the rates will be finalized at the next meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16872774", "title": "Gharial pair the new guests at Kanpur zoo", "text": "KANPUR: Allen Forest here received on Thursday a pair of gharials from the Lucknow Zoo as part of the breeding programme to rein the dwindling population of the endangered specie under schedule I of the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972. The Kanpur zoo administration now looks forward to breeding the animal and an increase in their number here.Kanpur zoo has a dedicated enclosure for gharials (also known as Gavialis Gangeticus) in the shape of a small pond of about 1.5 metre depth. To emulate the river system, sand is placed all around the pond so that it can lay eggs properly as it is does in its natural habitat.Earlier, a pair of Gharials was present in Kanpur zoo but during the last winter season, the female died of old age. Immediately after this an exchange proposal for a pair of gharials was sent to Lucknow zoo and Kukrail-Gharial Breeding Centre and with approval of chief wildlife warden a pair of gharials was sent to Kanpur zoo.Talking to TOI, director Kanpur Zoo K Praveen Rao informed that there was one male Gharial in the pond but when two new ones were introduced there was a territorial fight. To avoid this, a bamboo partition was placed in such a way that the pond was divided into two equal halves through which the reptiles can see each other but cannot attack. Rao added that after keeping the partition for sometime it can be removed and they will start co-existing in the same pond.When asked about what kind of gharial the pair was, Rao said the pair were fresh water reptiles.\"The female Gharial lays eggs in February on the banks of the river digging a deep hole in the sand. After laying eggs one on top of the other, it buries them in the sand. Throughout summer it protects the eggs and at the onset of monsoons, the eggs hatch and the little ones come out,\" elaborates the zoo director.He added that efforts would be made to provide a conducive atmosphere for the gharials to breed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16872419", "title": "Sri Lankan minister must appear in person for murder trial: Chennai court", "text": "CHENNAI: A Chennai sessions court on Thursday refused to revoke a non-bailable arrest warrant issued against Sri Lankan minister Douglas Devananda and turned down his offer to face the murder trial he faces in India through video-conferencing.Devananda and nine others are accused of firing on local residents and killing one person at Choolaimedu in Chennai in November 1986. All the 10 were arrested and charged with murder. A chargesheet was filed before the IV additional sessions court in 1987. As all of them absconded after being released on bail, the court declared them as proclaimed offenders in August 1994.The minister had approached the court seeking cancellation of the warrant and cited security threat to him and possible law and order problem in Tamil Nadu if he visited the state to attend the trial. Devananda sought the court's permission to face trial through video-conferencing at the Indian high commission in Sri Lanka.Rejecting his request, IV additional sessions judge S Rajagopalan said his personal appearance before the court could not be dispensed with because of the police objection over his identification and the gravity of charges against him. \"The petitioner has not complied with the order of the high court. Further, the respondent (police) clearly and categorically questioned the identification of the person accused. The NBW is pending for long time,\" the judge said in his order. \"Under these circumstances, after applying my judicial mind, it is concluded that the presence of the petitioner is essential, in order to ascertain his identity.\"Public prosecutor Prabhavathi assured that Devananda would get adequate police protection if he chose to attend the trial proceedings. But the minister's counsel said the Tamil Nadu police were not as good in providing security as in conducting investigation, as was evident from the assassination of former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi.Besides the security threat, the Lankan minister cited his high constitutional position in Sri Lanka for his inability to attend the trial proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16871634", "title": "Calcutta high court seeks state report on Haldia crisis", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Thursday directed the district magistrate and superindentent of police of East Midnapore to file a report by Friday noon, outlining steps taken by them on complaints lodged by Haldia Bulk Terminal Pvt Ltd (HBT) and KoPT regarding the recent unrest at the Haldia Dock Complex (HDC).Justice Dipankar Datta issued the directive after hearing a writ petition by HBT. The petitioner sought an order directing the state government to provide immediate and adequate protection to the company and its employees to enable them resume cargo handling operations at HDC's berth numbers 2 and 8 in a peaceful environment.HBT counsel Samaraditya Pal alleged that unless the court directs the state, the company would not be in a position to resume operations. The directive was necessary as KoPT had given HBT an ultimatum to resume operations by October 19, failing which the work agreement between KoPT and the company would be terminated, the petition contended.It was also argued that HBT had lodged several complaints with the state on unrest in the dock area, but no steps were taken.The petition also sought a direction to KoPT to use Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) personnel to forthwith ensure that retrenched HBT workers and other unauthorised persons are not allowed access to HDC, particularly berth numbers 2 and 8.KoPT counsel Jayanto Mittra said the state government has not taken any initiative to resume normal operations at HDC.Strongly opposing arguments by both HBT and KoPT, state government pleader Ashok Kumar Banerjee said, \"It is a collusive conspiracy to damage the image of the state government in the eyes of the outside world.\" He said there was nothing wrong in HDC, barring a mere dispute between KoPT and HBT and the state was being unnecessarily involved in it.The state police has no role in the dock area as the CISF can alone ensure whether law and order is being maintained there, Banerjee argued.Justice Datta then directed CISF to appear in court at 3.30pm on Thursday. After hearing the statement by CISF's counsel that the force only protects properties and employees of KoPT and not that of any other contractors working in the dock, the court ordered the DM, SP and OC of the local police station to file a report by Friday noon.HBT counsel Samaraditya Pal alleged that unless the court directs the state, the company would not be in a position to resume operations. The directive was necessary as KoPT had given HBT an October 19 ultimatum to resume operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16872367", "title": "Govt gives DLF termination notice for Patto plot", "text": "PANAJI: Almost eight months after the lease extension expired, the state-promoted Economic Development Corporation Ltd (EDC) has issued a cancellation and termination notice to Delhi-based infrastructure group DLF for a plot at Patto, Panaji.While the reasons stated include non-payment of specified amounts, the financial institution's timing for issuance of the notice is interesting. Delhi Land &amp; Finance Ltd, better known as DLF, is currently in the news for its connections with Robert Vadra, husband of Priyanka Gandhi , and suspect land transactions in Haryana.The EDC notice, issued on Wednesday, directs DLF to hand over the possession of the 18,120 sq m plot at Patto, Panaji, within three months, for failing to commence construction of its shopping mall project.EDC sources said that a condition in the lease deed issued on February 21, 2007, was that DLF should utilize the plot within three years of allotment. But even after extending the deed for two more years no construction activity was started on the plot, sources pointed out. The extended period expired on February 20, 2012.The EDC notice states, \"You (DLF) have committed a gross breach of the terms of the deed of lease dated February 21, 2007, wherein it was clearly agreed that time was of essence of the contract of lease.\"It further notes that DLF also failed to pay EDC 35,847 towards extension fee and the ground rent installment of 90.60 lakh.It adds, \"On account of the above said clear breaches of terms of lease deed, EDC Ltd has decided to cancel and terminate the said lease granted to you (DLF) with respect to the demised plot. DLF is hereby required and called upon to leave and vacate the demised plot and hand over possession to EDC immediately upon the expiry of this notice period of three months.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16872120", "title": "Dolphins can stay alert for 15 days: Study", "text": "WASHINGTON: Dolphins could give James Bond a run for his money! 'Super-spy' dolphins sleep with only one half of their brains at a time, allowing them to stay constantly alert to danger for at least 15 days in a row, a new study has found.Researchers led by Brian Branstetter from the National Marine Mammal Foundation found that dolphins can use echolocation with near-perfect accuracy continuously for up to 15 days, identifying targets and monitoring their environment.They studied two dolphins, one male and one female, and found that they were capable of this task with no signs of fatigue for five days.The manner of sleeping was believed to have evolved in dolphins to enable them to breathe at the surface of water even when half-asleep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16870768", "title": "IOA sticks to its agenda in general body meeting", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was expected to be a stormy affair, but the special general body meeting of the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) was a tepid affair which ended with a whimper in the Capital on Thursday.The meeting, convened to prepare the roadmap for the November 25 elections, did not stray off the track and discussed, for less than an hour, the two issues on its agenda. The IOA members then decided to give provisional affiliation to five federations and also announced a hike in perks for its members.Both the decisions appear to have been taken keeping in mind the next month's elections, since the new affiliated bodies will have voting rights. The substantial hike in perks will certainly please the executive members who will be choosing the office-bearers in the IOA elections. These members will now get Rs 6000 towards boarding and lodging for attending IOA meetings. They are also entitled now to fly (economy) for attending the meetings. Earlier, their travel entitlement was AC II class in trains. Outstation members would also be paid Rs 1500 per day towards local conveyance expenses.\"It's clearly been done keeping an eye on the elections,\" said an executive committee member after the meeting. However, some others welcomed the move. \"This will help in encouraging more and more members to attend IOA meetings. This is a good move. It will help members save time.\"The five associations which were affiliated to IOA are Ice Skating Association of India, Ice Hockey Association of India, Indian Amateur Luge Association, the Indian Golf Association and the association in charge of modern pentathlon. The first four names were picked by a panel formed by the IOA while modern pentathlon was included after discussion in the meeting.The five additions take total number of IOA-affiliated federations to 40, out of which 32 handle Olympic sports. Each federation has three votes in IOA elections.Surprisingly, no member raised any issue concerning tainted administrators Suresh Kalmadi , Lalit Bhanot and VK Varma in the wake of the International Olympic Committee's Ethics Commission's suggestion to suspend them. In fact, after the meeting, some members even voiced their support for Bhanot's candidature for the post of secretary general.The issue of IOC and OCA planning to send observers for the IOA elections was also not raised, but the members decided to form a three-member election commission. \"One of the members will be the returning officer and the others can be Supreme Court judges,\" acting president VK Malhotra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16871296", "title": "Crooks fake credit history, dupe banks in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: If banks insist on a good CIBIL score (read credit history) to disburse loans, trust fraudsters to fudge that too.The Kolkata Police has stumbled upon a modus operandi, where several gangs operating in North 24-Parganas and at least one in Siliguri, are using fake PAN cards to influence the internal bank evaluations before the disbursal of unsecured loans, mainly credit card and personal loans. In last one month, the city police's detective department has probed two cases - a Rs 4-crore loan fraud case lodged by PNB and a Rs 1.5 crore fraud case lodged by UBI - revealing the scheme of things where fake PAN cards were used.Credit Information Bureau (India) Limited or CIBIL, founded in August 2000, collects and maintains records of an individual's payments pertaining to loans and credit cards. These records are submitted to CIBIL by banks and other lenders on a monthly basis. This info is used for Credit Information Reports (CIR) and credit scores which are provided to lenders in order to help evaluate and approve loan applications. The CIBIL TransUnion Score ranges between 300 and 900 and banks prefer credit scores which are greater than 700. Any default, bounced cheque or ECS only reduces this score.When Banks started using CIBIL, it helped them flush out habitual defaulters and fraudsters from applicants. The PAN card forgery is only a method to hoodwink this process. According to police, the problem is CIBIL captures only the name, date of birth, PAN card details, telephone number and address.\"Unlike passport, there is no verification process method of checking the originalityfor PAN card applicants. All one has to do is to apply and it is delivered to their doorsteps. So, it is very easy to forge the name, address and date of birth details and apply for multiple cards,\" a senior bank fraud officer said.\"In some cases, the fraudsters aren't even bothered with that. Theymerely superimpose the data on any PAN card in the given format and laminate it. All one has to do is to submit self attested photocopies to the bank. So, this is sufficient,\" the officer said. But then banks, wary of fake PAN cards, tend to send their field agents for verification on sample cases, which raises a suspicion. So, how does one overcome this?The answer lies in bank's dealings with what they call elite customers. For example, any bank, which has an existing relationship with a top notch company, tends to ease norms if any employee of that firm wants to apply for loans. They are usually the targets of these fraudsters. They fake the \"good credentials\" of these prized bank customers and apply for loans to get those approved. They always show that their salary is credited through ECS in a nationalized bank. It is another matter that such bank passbooks, in most cases of SBI accounts, are forged. The account may be there but the salary credit is being manipulated. This helps fraudsters to overcome two obstacles. Then comes the last step.\"For someone, who usually applies for loan with a fresh PAN card, the credit history shows minus one,\" explains an officer. \"Banks get alerted here. In today's world, it is almost impossible that one will not have a single banking transaction. To beat this, the crooks first apply for credit cards. Once they get it, they use it and make payments regularly for the first six months. Then they apply for a bigger personal loan. Their credit history due to the excellent credit card usage pattern is always in the excess of a 700 CIBIL score. This, coupled with the fake passbook, showing their purported employment with a big company, completes this cycle,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872871", "title": "Roll back auto, taxi fare hike in 48 hours: Commuters", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuter rights activists have given a 48-hour deadline to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to withdraw the autorickshaw, taxi fare hike. They have threatened to file a case against the state government in the Bombay high court \"on behalf of lakhs of passengers being fleeced and looted in broad daylight\".Shirish Deshpande of Mumbai Grahak Panchayat told TOI, \"All consumer activists are coming together in this fight against rogue drivers. We have sent a letter to the CM on Thursday evening and given him a two-day deadline to withdraw the fare hike. If this is not done, we will move court against the government.\"It will be the second time Deshpande moves court in October. Following his recent PIL, the court had suggested that the government set up an expert panel.While sources said the state is likely to set up an expert committee to review the current hike and frame guidelines for a future hike formula, it is not clear who will be part of the panel and the date by which it will be finalized. The next hearing on the PIL is on October 31 when the government's advocate will inform the court about the decision on formation of the expert panel.While this could be a time-bound process, consumer activists are keen on filing a fresh case in court. Deshpande said the state is empowered to take action against errant drivers, which it has failed to do. Consumer activist Sunil Mone added that several drivers ply with tampered meters and charge up to 60% more than the fare.Auto union leader Sharad Rao said, \"We will not allow any expert panel to be formed.\" He added that he would file an application in court, opposing any such move. \"We will also bring to the notice of the court that a division bench had, in May, approved of the Hakim Committee. So the question of another panel does not arise.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16876023", "title": "Spurned lover hangs himself", "text": "A 24-year-old commerce graduate hanged himself in his house at Devasandra near JC Layout on Thursday. As per his death note, parents of the girl he was dating were not agreeing to their marriage, police said. Srinivas had been dating the girl for two years. When he went to her house to seek her parent's nod for marriage, they opposed. Depressed, he hanged himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16870976", "title": "Tribal school in Wayanad gets power the NITC-way after three decades", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The two campuses simply could not be further apart. One is the biggest and most modern engineering institute in the state while the other is almost cut off from the outside world and situated deep inside the forests. Their paths would have hardly crossed in the normal scheme of things.But in a unique social outreach, the students of the National Institute of Technology- Calicut (NITC) have lit up the lives of their lesser fortunate cousins by implementing a solar power project at a remote tribal school in Wayanad. The students stepped in to end three decades of neglect from the part of authorities and fulfilled the school's simple demand to provide a power connection.The Social Engineering Forum, a student collective of NITC, has just completed the electrification of the Chettiyalathur Government LP School, located deep inside the Wayanad wildlife sanctuary, using solar panels under the Aavishkaar project.The lights are now up and burning at the school in the Noolpuzha panchayat and the 30 odd students belonging to the Kattunayikka and Paniya tribes are all thrilled to get back the computer system which was allotted to them two years ago under the IT@ school programme but was later taken away due to the lack of electricity in the school.The entire 5,000 strong student community of NITC had lined up to raise funds for the initiative as part of this year's Tathva techno- management meet.The social engineering forum also enlisted the expansion of a firm in the institute's Technology Business Incubator to make the solar power project a reality.\"The Aavishkaar project was launched to provide a platform for our students to carry out their social commitments. Some of our friends in Wayanad said that a tribal school had been waiting for decades just to get an electricity connection and we thought that it would be a good opportunity to give something back to the society,\" Sreyas R, a third year electrical engineering student of NIT-C who was part of the project said.The students made their first visit to the school in September, and made repeated visits to the remote place to complete the project in three weeks' time.Headmaster of the tribal school S Radhakrishnan said the students had done a noble gesture and the project would herald a silent transformation in the tribal hamlet of 130 families.\"We are planning to set up a public library in the school. As the only place in the colony with lights, students can from now on use the facility for studies at night as well,\" he said.\"The school can now host meetings and small functions as well,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "16873135", "title": "Police raids Vikram varsity hostels", "text": "UJJAIN: Police have raided hostels on the Vikram University premises after reports that they are being used by criminal elements. Police was surprised to learn that a 12-year-old boy who was abducted from the city last week was confined in the hostel for over 24 hours.Inspector general of police, Ujjain zone Upendra Jain told TOI that police were surprised as more and more stories about anti-social activities having roots from the university hostels were tumbling out. During the search operation on Wednesday evening, the cops found empty liquor bottles from most of the rooms.Police sources said that some influential elements linked with the youth wings of either the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) or the Congress are active in the hostels. Varsity administration generally avoids confrontation with them.Sudhir Yadav, the mastermind of the Vaibhav abduction case, is district secretary in the Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM) and was formerly associated with the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP). The police had come under pressure from local leaders when they had picked up Sudhir.Meanwhile, the university administration has begun a face saving exercise and got about 30 rooms vacated at the Kalidas and Sandipani hostel on Thursday. These rooms were allotted to government engineering college students.Vice-chancellor T R Thapak said that an inquiry into the issue of the kidnapped boy being held hostage at the hostel has been initiated. Thapak asserted that the guilty would not be spared. Identity cards of the students would now be checked at the entry points, he added.Meanwhile, the police paraded the five accused in the minor boy's abduction case on the varsity premises hoping that it would expose them and the students will not fear them in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871392", "title": "Delhi high court dismisses plea to scrap BRT", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court dismissed a PIL against the controversial BRT corridor on Thursday saying there was no escaping the fact that Delhiites will have to \"one day or the other use public transport\".A division bench comprising Justices Pradeep Nandrajog and Manmohan Singh brushed aside criticism that the corridor had slowed down traffic and was causing jams.\"A developed country is not one where the poor own cars but one where the rich use public transport,\" the bench noted.\"Within the parameters of judicial review, the scattered material placed before us would not justify a conclusion that BRT as a concept is bad and is a misfit in Delhi and thus should be scrapped,\" the bench observed, saying the project was implemented for long term gains keeping in mind the growing population and lack of scope to expand the width of city roads.HC's verdict will come as a shot in the arm to the state government which has received considerable flak for the BRT corridor, and will give a fillip to its plans to build more BRT projects across the city.Dismissing NGO Nyaya Bhoomi's plea that BRT be scrapped since it harassed commuters and was a \"complete wastage\" of public money, the judges observed, \"Even if we were to accept the argument that as of today...some inconvenience is being caused across the board to everybody, we have to keep in mind that planning is always lo ng-term and the fruits of the labour invested today may not be available in the immediate future.\"The court said since there was no scope to expand the width of the existing roads and the population of Delhi was continuously rising, there is no escape from the fact that the Delhiites have to, one day or the other, use public transport. It warned that \"unless traffic volume of cars is reduced one, would see nothing but misery on the streets of Delhi\".HC wants govt to fix Chirag Dilli crossingA Central Road Research Institute study on the effectiveness of BRT, commissioned by an earlier HC bench, failed to impress the bench. Some of its key conclusions in favour of scrapping BRT were junked by the court when it took exception to the small sample size of the survey. The court said the undisputed fact that emerged from the survey report was that 50% of persons using the corridor travelled by bus.The judges picked holes in the CRRI study, saying it had monitored just one bus to conclude public transport speeds had reduced after BRT. Similarly, it made light of CRRI's customer satisfaction poll that gave a higher rating to the pre-BRT set up.After examining the report, the bench said the problem actually lay in the stretch from Sheikh Sarai to Chirag Dilli, which is only 900 metres long, out of a total of 5.8km. Since heavy traffic comes on the BRT at Sheikh Sarai and Chirag Delhi points, cars and buses divert to different routes, the bench said.\"It is hoped and expected that... the government of Delhi would look into the specific problem at Chirag Dilli crossing and would take all remedial measures necessary to decongest traffic there,\" the court said.To the arguments that buses should ply on the left instead of the centre of the road, the court said, \"Since it is a matter of policy, we cannot issue any direction but would highlight that a BRT corridor would require the buses to ply on the central median side because of the right turns which the buses have to take at the crossings and the signalling put in place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16872073", "title": "Enrique concert organizers demand action against ACP Police resort to mildlathi charge on public for creating ruckus", "text": "PUNE: Three organizers of Wednesday's Enrique Iglesias rock concert have filed a complaint application with the Hadapsar police demanding action against assistant commissioner of police (ACP) Vitthal Pawar for hitting them with a stick during the show.The application states that the ACP hit organizers Vijay Nair, Manish Chandani and Rajesh Balpande with the stick. \"Nair has bruises on his back and head. Chandani has bruises all over his back and on his leg. Balpande has a ruptured eardrum and has difficulty in hearing from the left side andhis left hand is in a cast,\" it says.Speaking to TOI, Pawar said the police had to resort to a lathicharge during the show after the crowd became unmanageable. \"Thousands of people were thronging for the show, but they were not frisked. There was no foolproof security. It was difficult to identity the organizers as they were not wearing badges or uniforms. The security guards too were not in uniform,\" he claimed.In a press statement issued on Thursday, two of the organizers, The organisersGirish Talwar and Vijay Nair, without naming Pawar, said an ACP had been given a substantial number of complimentary passes for his guests to be present at the \"platinum gate\" much before the event. They said they had already let in \"a few dozen guests\" of the ACP into the platinum area without any passes or checks, since the ACP was not allowing anyone to even check his guests.The organisers stated: \"A while later, the ACP came with another group of guests to be let into the event without passes or wrist bands. He was then requested not to bring any more guests.\"However, Pawar denied receiving passes from the organizers. He also denied that he had brought his family members or guests for the show. \"The organizers are making false and baseless allegations against me. We have not registered an offence against the organizers. We have only made an entry about the incident in the station diary of the Hadapsar police,\" he said.Senior inspector Raghunath Jadhav of the Hadapsar police station told TOI that he is conducting an inquiry into the incident.When contacted, deputy commissioner of police Manoj Patil said, \"ACP Pawar objected to the organizers for not frisking the public. The matter was settled before I could reach the spot. The organizers have approached me but they have not given me a written complaint. I will make a statement after receiving the inquiry report.\" eom/as", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16875116", "title": "Alia, Sidharth, Varun in Karan Johar's next film", "text": "Even before their film releases Student of the Year trio has moved on to their next projects. It is reliably learnt that producer Karan Johar has offered all three of his protegees further Dharma films regardless of the outcome of their debut film.However Varun Dhawan would have to take a rain-check on that second film for Dharma. He is now committed to do a film with his father David Dhawan next.It is reliably learnt that David would now whisk away his younger-born for a home-production that his elder son Rohit (of Desi Boyz ) would direct.Says David, \"I've a director and a leading man at home now. So I am very keen to start my own home banner. But I had to wait. Neither of my sons wanted to make his debut in a home production. They wanted to prove themselves outside the comfort zone and my wife and I totally endorsed their plans.\"Now that both his sons are out with their first efforts David is keen to start a home banner. Says the indefatigable entertainer, \"All three of us are definitely doing something together.\"A source informs, \"Karan has launched newcomers for the first time. And he's very keen to see their careers through to success. Unlike Ram Gopal Varma who says he uses new talent for as long as it suits him, Karan Johar sees all three debutants as his responsibility.\"On Thursday evening all the three debut-making leads actors from Student of the Year had their own individual screenings for their family and friends. While Varun and Alia had their screenings in Mumbai, Siddharth who is a Delhi boy flew to his home town to show his film to his near and dear ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16870830", "title": "High time: Liquor sales ride festive wave in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Like previous years, the sale of liquor before Durga Puja in Ranchi has gone up by 20 per cent this year too. In the last few days, after Pitripaksha, all 2,000-odd licensed wine shops have reported a hike in demand in almost all brands of liquor. The Jharkhand Wine Dealers' Association (JWDA), the umbrella body of all liquor dealers, said liquor bottles are flying off the shelves like hot cakes.It is not that people drink more during festivals. The rise in demand for liquor is owing to the fact that number of people who like to drink has increased as people come home for the celebrations. The celebrations will also continue after Durga Puja as the state cabinet has approved giving licences to dealers for sale of foreign-made liquor in Jharkhand.The revelers received a shot in the arm with the state government already deciding to roll back the proposed imposition of 50 per cent commercial tax on the maximum retail price (MRP) of liquor which has made liquor prices affordable and pocket-friendly for consumers.\"People drink in festive frenzy. It happens more because guests come visiting during festivals,\" said Manish Jaiswal, president of JWDA. Most in demand is beer, whiskey and rum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871875", "title": "Maoist-hit states against move to bring Integrated Action Plan under panchayati raj ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: Maoist-hit states on Thursday gave thumbs down to the rural development minister Jairam Ramesh's suggestion to bring the ongoing Integrated Action Plan (IAP) scheme, which is being implemented by the Planning Commission for \"accelerated development\" in 82 naxal-affected districts, under the panchayati raj ministry. The states preferred to maintain status quo.States' representatives expressed their opinion during a meeting of chief secretary and directors general of police of the nine naxal-affected states here in the home ministry.\"States want status quo as they think the IAP scheme under the current format - where it is being implemented by Planning Commission and jointly monitored by the home ministry - has been quite effective in carrying out speedy development of the Maoist-affected districts\", said an official.He said the states believed that involvement of elected panchayat representatives in the decision-making process for the IAP scheme - as suggested by Ramesh - may delay the implementation and hence defeat the purpose of \"accelerated development\".The scheme is being implemented in identified districts by a committee headed by district collector. The allocated funds (annual Rs 30 crore per district) are placed at the disposal of the Committee \u2014 comprising superintendent of police (SP) and district forest officer \u2014 that identifies and implements the basic development and infrastructure projects.Senior officials of the states who attended the meeting, chaired by Union home secretary R K Singh, also unanimously favoured the continuation of the scheme for the entire next five-year plan period.Ramesh had recently written to the deputy chairperson of the Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia, suggesting greater political participation in implementing the schemes so that it could give local people a sense of involvement in development projects.Home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde , however, preferred status quo and written to finance minister and Prime Minister highlighting merits of continuing the IAP scheme under its current format.The aim of the IAP is to provide public infrastructure and services in 82 Maoist-affected districts The nature of major works/projects taken up by the districts under it include construction of school buildings, school furniture, Anganwadi centres, drinking water facilities, rural roads, community halls, PDS shops, skill development/trainings, minor irrigation works, electric lighting, health centres, construction of toilets, special coaching classes for students and development of play grounds.\"Out of 81,180 projects taken up by the states under the scheme, 61,677 projects have been completed till August 21\", said the ministry in its report shared with the officials during the meeting. Representative of Bihar , West Bengal , Jharkhand , Odisha, Chhattisgarh , Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh attended the meeting.Constitution of a Special Investigation Team to probe violence perpetrated by Maoists, monitoring of trials of important cases, implementation of development programmes on the lines of Jharkhand's Saranda and implementation of Forest Right Act also came up for discussion in the meeting.\"States have also been asked to reconstitute the Unified Command structure with the chief minister as its head and hold its meeting at least once a month. The meeting also had a discussion on the draft policy for tackling any crisis arising out of Maoists using civilians as human shield and hostage situation,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16872794", "title": "Mulayam Singh Yadav unveils statue of Harmohan Yadav", "text": "KANPUR: Samajwadi party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav unveiled a statue of late Harmohan Singh Yadav on the occasion of his 93rd birthday at a college in Meharban Singh Ka Purwa on Thursday.Women welfare and culture minister Aruna Kori and panchayati raj minister Balram Yadav, local MLAs and a large number of SP workers were present at the function.Samajwadi Party leader and two-time Rajya Sabha MP Harmohan Singh Yadav had died at his house in Meharban Singh Ka Purwa on July 25. Speaking on the occasion, Mulayam said that Chaudhary Harmohan Singh Yadav was a disciplined soldier of the Samajwadi Party and that the statue installed in the college would remind the future generations of the contributions made by him.\"Youth should draw inspiration from Chaudharyji's life and revive the values of politics by following his ideals,\" the SP chief said while addressing a gathering.Harmohan Singh Yadav began his political career in 1952 when he was elected pradhan of a village in Gujaini.He became corporator in 1959. In 1970, he became member of Uttar Pradesh Vidhan Parishad. Again he became member of Vidhan Parishad in 1976 and his tenure continued till 1982. Harmohan became the chairman of Vidhan Parishad.Mulayam highlighted the steps taken by Akhilesh government in fulfilling the promises made in Samajwadi Party's poll manifesto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "16874715", "title": "Six Indian UN peacekeepers wounded in an ambush in eastern Congo", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: Six Indian peacekeepers and a local interpreter, serving with the United Nations mission in strife-torn Congo, were wounded when their patrol was ambushed in what is being termed as a \"targetted and deliberate\" attack.The six peacekeepers were part of the Indian contingent serving with the UN Organization Stabilization Mission in Democratic Republic of Congo (MONUSCO).They were ambushed along with their interpreter while returning from a patrol with 12 other peacekeepers near Buganza in North Kivu province on October 17 after finding the bodies of four civilians, the mission said in a news release.\"This premeditated, targeted and deliberate attack is inadmissible,\" said the UN Secretary-General's Special Representative and head of MONUSCO, Roger Meece.\"We will work with the national authorities to identify those responsible for this ignoble deed so that they are called to justice.\"A UN Indian peacekeeper was killed in the same province in July when he was caught in a cross-fire in clashes between Congo's armed forces and a rebel group known as the March 23 Movement (M23).Congo's eastern provinces of North and South Kivu have witnessed increased fighting between government troops and the M23, which is composed of renegade soldiers who mutinied in April. The fighting has displaced more than 300,000 people, including many who have fled to neighbouring Rwanda and Uganda, as well as within DRC.MONUSCO, with 19,000 uniformed personnel, is the latest iteration of UN peacekeeping missions that have helped to bring stability and civilian elections to the vast country after it was torn apart by civil wars and rebel movements.Much of the country has achieved a measure of stability but fighting with various dissident groups has continued in the east where the bulk of the peacekeepers are deployed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16872333", "title": "Gadkari flags off rally to remember 1962 martyrs", "text": "GUWAHATI: Flagging off the Shahid Shradhanjali Yatra here to mark the 50th anniversary of India-China war and to pay homage to Indian soldiers who sacrificed their lives for the nation, BJP national president Nitin Gadkari accused the then Congress government of not keeping the borders protected.\"We need to learn from shortcomings of the 1962 war and ensure that such mistakes are not repeated. We are not against China but it we will not allow anyone to occupy our nation's land. We want India and China to lead the world together,\" he said.Gadkari also cited reports of China's involvement in building infrastructure in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir. He said BJP, if elected to power, would take steps to seal the country's international borders to prevent illegal immigration.\"Immediately after BJP comes to power, the party will seal the international borders of the country on priority basis. Due to open borders in northeastern states, especially Assam , influx has become a major problem. The recent clashes in BTC area were a fallout of infiltration,\" said Gadkari.Coming down heavily on Tarun Gogoi, he added, \"Gogoi has welcomed illegal Bangladeshis during his reign. It's like the Foreign Direct Investment ( FDI ) plans where foreigners were invested directly on vote-bank politics.\"Echoing the saffron party president, national president of Bharatiya Yuva Morcha, Anurag Thakur, said the nation needs to remind the bravehearts who sacrificed their lives and youths in the name of national security.\"No one remembers the martyrs of 1962 who fought bravely and kept our country safe. Through this rally, we want to promote the spirit of nationalism. That's why we are going to the spot where they died for us and pay homage to them,\" said Thakur.Even the Paresh Baruah faction of Ulfa had earlier threatened the BJP to withdraw the program and asked them not to provoke China. BJP, however, said the rally is not about provoking China but about paying salute to the martyrs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16872537", "title": "Army recruitment rally overdue, not before January 2013", "text": "VARANASI: One cycle of army recruitment process in this region has lapsed as the civil administration failed to make necessary arrangements for the rally in July and September months. Now the aspirants will have to wait for the end of 2012 as any recruitment rally in this region will become possible only in the New Year.Cancellation of the army recruitment rally in the district in the past fortnight led to attack on a passenger train at Kapsethi railway station on October 8 by an angry mob of youths, while another group of aspirants paralysed vehicular movements on many national highways blocking the Padao crossing on October 16.These youths were protesting against cancellation of the proposed army recruitment rally in Sonebhadra district while many were demanding removal of ban from Chandauli district to restart recruitment rallies from there.When TOI probed into the real story behind army recruitment rallies in the region, officials made it clear that no army recruitment rally was proposed in Sonebhadra district.Colonel Pawan Kumar, in charge of the Army Recruitment Centre (ARC) Varanasi told TOI, \"The next army recruitment rally in this region is not possible before January 2013.\" The last such rally in this region was organised in July 2011 in Varanasi, said Kumar, adding that initially recruitment rally was proposed in Varanasi in July 2012 but as the district administration and police expressed their inability to make necessary arrangements it was postponed.When the ARC sent another proposal to the district administration to hold the recruitment rally in September, he said, the district administration enquired about the expected number of participants. Kumar said it was impossible to provide expected number as when the last recruitment rally was organised in Varanasi in July 2011 over 65,000 youths from six districts too part. Since the recruitment rallies are open to all, any number of aspirants can take part in it, he said. Several financial issues, including expenditure on other arrangements like barricading, health, transport and other facilities also remained unresolved between the ARC and local administration, which also played a role in cancellation of the recruitment rally. When city additional district magistrate MP Singh, who handled this issue on the behalf of district administration, was contacted, he said, \"In the July 2011 recruitment rally at Jagatpur there were many problems because of high number of participants. They not only disturbed the transport system but locals and women had also faced serious problem due to the movement of youths and their activities. In view of these factors, knowing the approximate figure of participants was a must as security arrangements had to be made accordingly.\" He said that as per the government order, expenditures made in arrangements like barricading should be borne by the army.But, he said, when army officials were contacted in this regard they did not give any clarity. He said they sought time but did not give any reply, though he expected the next rally could take place in January 2013. On the other hand, Kumar hinted that Ghazipur district administration was showing great interest in hosting the next rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16874711", "title": "HC asks CBI to probe mall scam involving Digvijaya Singh", "text": "INDORE: Indore bench of the Madhya Pradesh high court has asked Central Bureau of Investigation to probe the Treasure Island scam case here, involving former chief minister Digvijaya Singh, and report back within six months.The order was passed by the division bench of Justices P K Jaisawal and Moolchand Garg on Thursday, said advocate Dr Manohar Dalal, counsel for petitioner Mahesh Garg.According to advocate Dalal, the HC asked the CBI to probe, among other things, the \"roles of senior officials, the then chief minister, and chief secretary, and environment minister\".Social activist Garg had filed a complaint with the state Economic Offences Wing in 2009 in this regard. The EOW filed FIR against Entertainment World Developers Pvt Ltd, which constructed `Treasure Island' mall on the MG road here, in a joint venture with Madhya Pradesh Housing Board in 2002.The allegation was that the mall was illegally built on a residential plot of one lakh square feet, with undue concessions from the state government.EOW conducted probe against twelve accused, including Digvijaya Singh, former chief secretary A V Singh, former MP housing board chairman Chandra Prabha Shekhar, former principal secretary U K Samant and developers Prem Kalani, Manish Kalani, and Padma Kalani.It later filed closure report, giving clean chit to Digvijaya Singh, while saying there was a case against six others including the developers.When contacted, superintendent of police, EOW, Manoj Singh and additional advocate general Manoj Diwevedi said they had not received the judgement copy, and could not comment on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16872028", "title": "Berhampur keen to host a neat &amp; clean puja", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The Berhampur Municipal Corporation (BMC) has asked puja committees and traders in the town to keep their surroundings clean during Dussehra as the Silk City recently saw an outbreak of dengue.\"We have asked puja organizers to ensure the pandal surroundings are clean. Similarly, business establishments have also been asked to dump garbage only in dustbins. Sweepers of the BMC will collect the garbage from their doorsteps,\" BMC commissioner A K Mohanty said.\"Sanitation is essential as thousands of people visit the city every day during Dussehera to have a glimpse of decorated pandals and idols, as well as for shopping. We have also talked to officials of Ganjam Chamber of Commerce (GCC) in this regard. We will write to them again so that the traders put up dustbins at their establishments, at least during the Puja period,\" the commissioner said.A meeting between the BMC officials and puja organizers was held here on Wednesday. The town will have at least 40 community pujas. While rituals have already started at some of these pandals since Mahalaya, at some places puja will begin from Mahasthami.Mayor S S Das said the civic body would extend all possible cooperation to the puja committees in order to keep their pandal premises neat and clean.Ganjam district malaria officer U K Mishra said almost 50 per cent of the dengue positive cases in the district were reported from Berhampur. In view of this, maintaining cleanliness during the puja is a must.The BMC commissioner also said anti-mosquito fogging drives would continue in the town during the puja. At least four fogging machines had already been pressed into service, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16872078", "title": "Krishna Tirath raps Hooda for growing incidents of rape", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking a cue from Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's visit to Haryana, Union minister Krishna Tirath shot off a stern letter to CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda raising concerns over statements by Khap Panchayats like reduction of the legal age of marriage as a remedy against rape.In a letter written on October 17, the minister of state for women and child development said that Khap Panchayatas were openly flouting the law of the land by their comments and action. \"Certain public figures are found to be endorsing such medieval values imposed by unconstitutional bodies like khap panchayats, be it about sagotra or same-gotra marriages by adults, or in advocating reducing the legal age of marriage as a remedy against rising crime rates against girls and women, particularly heinous crimes like gang rape that have shocked the conscience of the country,\" the communication says.The minister also asked Hooda to ensure that provisions of the Prohibition of Child Marriage Act are not violated.The recent spate of crime against women reported from Haryana has had women activists and political leaders of all hues up in arms. While Congress chief Sonia Gandhi visited a few victims, a parliamentary fact finding committee has also swung in to action recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872412", "title": "Bengalis get set for Durga Puja break", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bengali community will take a welcome break from work with the onset of the five-day festival of Durga Puja on Saturday. Men dressed in Indian formals like churidar-kurta and women wearing the 'lal pader' sari look forward to blowing the conch and joining the 'dhunochi' dance.A group of Bengali natives working with the Indian Railways had settled in Thakurli near Kalyan six decades ago and founded the Durgotsav of the Probasi Bengali Samiti. \"Subsequent generations have carried forward this tradition and our puja is now in its 58th year. It is one of the oldest in Mumbai,\" said Ashim Dey, whose father was among the early migrants.Bhog is a staple across venues but in Thakurli, the women of the mandal get together to prepare the 'naroo', a laddoo rolled from fresh coconut and jaggery that is a specialty of the festival.In the western suburbs, the Juhu Cultural Association is giving the final touches to the pandal at the IMA ground. Yesteryears composer Jagmohan (not the artiste of Sapan-Jagmohan fame) had founded this puja 13 years ago. \"This year, our cultural highlights include a dance drama culled from all forms of Bengali folk music and a play written by famous playwright Manoj Mitra. On Monday we have invited Baul singers from Bardhaman Birbhum district, playback singer Sumana Chakrabarti and the famous band Kaya,\" said spokesperson Biswa Chakraborti.Fidai Baug opposite Andheri railway station is hosting the golden jubilee puja of Pragati, a socio-cultural organization with pedigree. Writer-director Nabendu Ghosh was its first president and director Bimal Roy its chairman. \"The first puja was held in 1963 in Mohan Studio. It moved here in 1976, and now, around 70,000 people visit during the season. Of these, 5,000 partake of bhog every day. Given the strong cultural foundations of the pandal, we encourage theatre artistes, musicians and singers to perform,\" said spokesperson NC Banerjee.Pragati runs a library and offers classes in the Bengali language as well.In the eastern suburbs, the \"ardent Bengalis\" of Mulund will celebrate Durgotsav 2012 under the banner of the Navajeevan Sangha. Its venue, the Nalanda Recreation Ground, fills up with 3,000 people during afternoon bhog each day. \"Ours is a very traditional puja that runs from shashti to Bijoyadashmi,\" said spokesperson Harit Tank, a Gujarati who utters Bangla words like a native.\"Saturday's inaugural event will be spectacular as a group of blind boys and girls will dance with lamps in their hands before the idol of the goddess. During the course of the festival we will organize conch-blowing competitions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16871207", "title": "Government wakes up late to name temple panel", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Three days after the festivities for Navaratri began atop the Indrakeeladhri hill, the state government named a jumbo festival committee to oversee the arrangements turning the whole affair into a farce. The appointment of the 51-member committee kicked up a controversy as it was packed with followers of local legislators and ruling party leaders.In the absence of a full-fledgedgoverning body, the festival committee could have played a greater role had the government acted a little early. As Kanakadurga temple had been functioning without a committee for the last four years, the legislators and local MP Lagadapati Rajagopal had pressured chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy to name the governing body before the Navarati celebrations commenced. But, according to sources, differences between ruling Congress leaders and endowments minister C Ramachandraiah led to the delay in the appointment of the committee.The CM had agreed to clear the file pertaining to the temple committee if a consensus was arrived at. Lagadapati is believed to have forwarded a list but Ramachandraiah objected to the appointment of the governing board in a hurried manner as he wanted to scrutinize all the names before naming the board. Instead, he suggested that the MP send a list of names for constituting a festival committee. District in-charge minister K Pardhasarathy forwarded the final list to Ramachandraiah on Tuesday. While the governing board has powers, the festival committee is only a supervisory body without any powers.\"Any committee could have been of help had it been named before to beginning of the festival days. They named the committee only to appease their party cadres,\" criticised TDP district chief Devineni Umamaheswara Rao.Sources said the temple officials communicated to the committee members about their appointment over phone on Wednesday evening and suggested that they attend the first meeting on Thursday. The temple executive officer Raghunath said the government wanted to appoint the committee a fortnight ago but it was delayed due to unknown reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16874892", "title": "Success comes with a price: Huma Qureshi", "text": "She wasn't a known face back in 2010 when she shot an advertisement for a paint company with Shah Rukh Khan . However, Huma Qureshi's newfound stardom with Gangs of Wasseypur, add to that a string of projects in her kitty , LuvShuvTeyChicken Khurana being one of them, have put the actress in a bit of a spot.When Huma did the ad ,there was an agreement that the advertisement would be aired on television only for a year. Things were fine till recently when the same commercial resurfaced on the small screen beyond its stipulated timeline. Apparently, the paint company is doing this in an attempt to ride on the actress' recent success.A source told TOI, \"The ad has suddenly resurfaced and taken Huma by surprise. As per the contract she had signed, it was to air only for a year. However the company is cashing in on the popularity she has gained.\"Huma is on a high, having bagged Ek Thi Daayan as well as a three film deal with Balaji Productions. And that put sherin an all the more precarious position as the ad will give her unnecessary added exposure that she doesn't need at this point.\"Huma has already spoken to the company and requested them several times to take the commercial off air but nothing has changed. Talks are still on. If they don't pay heed, she plans to take the legal route,\" said the source.While Huma remained unavailable for comment, her spokesperson confirmed the news and said,\"Huma had signed a one year contract and the ad was even pulled back as per the contractbut after her success in GOW and the fact that she has been signing big projects, the ad is back on prime time on almost all the channels. This way, the brand is trying to ride on her recent success. Our team has been in talks with the brand requesting them to take the ad offair since the contract got over long back. But discussions haven't been fruitful yet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14333843", "title": "Adult Malayalam movies", "text": "In the early-mid 2000s, a parallel culture of adult content movies emerged in Malayalam cinema known as Shakeela films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "16872829", "title": "Four killed by lightning", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: Three people were killed in a lightning strike at Sivakasi in Virudhunagar district on Thursday evening while one person died in Tirunelveli district.Police said that Thanga Muniswari (32), wife of Velmurugan of Paraipatti village in Sivakasi was riding a bicycle along with her brother Kannan (18) when a lightening struck around 6.30pm. The two were killed on the spot. Police said that the two were working in a match box making unit and were returning after work when the incident happened. There was a heavy downpour across Virudhunagar in the evening and the showers had abated when the two, who were sheltering along the road, resumed their journey to their village.Around the same time A Kaliswaran (33), a shepherd from Ramalingapuram was bringing his herd to the village when lightning struck him on the outskirts of the village. Police said that they were receiving information about damage to huts in some parts of the district but are yet to ascertain the extent of damage.As the sky opened up across south Tamil Nadu , lightning strikes took a toll on one more life in Tirunelveli. Police said that 34-year-old B Anthony Alex of Therku Theru in Soundarapandiapuram was hit by lightning in the evening and died on the spot.Moreover, police said that two people were fatally struck by lightning in Tirunelveli district on Wednesday. S Murugan (45) of Palamadai was bringing his goat herd to his village when he was struck by lightening. Similalry, V Mariappan (26), a carpenter from Puliangudi was travelling on a motorcycle with his friend near Vadamalapuram village when he was hit by a lightning streak and died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16873438", "title": "Rohtak Apna Ghar case: HC seeks status report of probe by CBI", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday directed CBI to submit a status report on investigations carried by it in the case of the sexual abuse of children inside Rohtak's Apna Ghar shelter home. It has also sought a status report from Haryana on the rehabilitation of the victims of sexual exploitation.Directions were issued by Justice Mahesh Grover while taking up a petition seeking initiation of contempt proceedings against the CBI for its failure to complete the probe in Apna Ghar case within stipulated two-month period. On July 19, the high court had directed the agency to complete the probe within two months.The contempt petition, filed by local lawyer Utsav Bain, has argued that the CBI had filed a charge sheet against seven accused - Jaswanti Devi, Sushma, Jai Bhagwan , Satish, Sheela, Jaswant and Veena -- on August 7 before the Special Judicial Magistrate, CBI, Panchkula.The remaining three accused, Harvinder Singh, Daya Nand and Bhim Singh Ranga, have been granted bail as the investigation is still pending and no charge sheet filed against them.\"CBI failed to comply with the orders passed by the high court on July 19 and failed to complete the investigation within two months and failed to file a charge sheet at the Special CBI Court at Panchkula against remaining three accused, leading to bail of the accused who were involved in destruction of evidence in the case,\" Bains argued.The petitioner has also asserted before the bench that now one of the accused, Bhim Singh Ranga, who is out on bail, is threatening the witnesses in this case after his release.Hearing the arguments, Justice Grover orally asked the Haryana government counsel to inform it of action taken in this regard.The case will come up for further hearing on October 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16871854", "title": "Pohare denied interim bail", "text": "NAGPUR: District and additional sessions judge MW Chandwani on Thursday rejected the anticipatory bail plea of owner and editor-in-chief of Marathi daily 'Deshonnati' Prakash Pohare who has been charged with rioting and murder along with Arms Act for his alleged role in the murder of former security guard of his printing press Rajendra Dupare at Gondkhairi on October 13.Prosecution counsel additional public prosecutor Jyoti Vajani argued before the court that the prima facie case against Pohare was strong. The prosecution, assisted by private counsel Prakash Jaiswal, also presented a list of 27 offences registered against Pohare in different police stations in Akola. Police, submitting its say before the court, argued that Pohare had summoned the gunman Harikrishna Dwivedi from a security agency on the pretext of interviewing him. He later took him to the press along with other newly employed guards where the incident took place.Police argued it was important to quiz Pohare regarding the inebriated state of the guard to know whether he had provided him with any intoxicating agent. The investigating agency also argued that Pohare, being influential, could tamper with evidence. Pohare has been booked for murder and other offences at Kalmeshwar police station along with six others which included gunman Dwivedi who had fired at Dupare at the instance of farm activist-turned-media man.The police claimed it was Pohare's conspiracy to hire security guards and the gunman before visiting the printing press where the laid-off employees were already present to protest closure of the unit. Police have already arrested six in the case including Dwivedi but Pohare has remained at large. While cops had been conducting sweeping searches at Amravati, Akola and city, Pohare applied for anticipatory bail before the sessions court.Pohare's counsel RB Gaikwad argued that police had nothing to interrogate Pohare and so his arrest was not required. He also pointed out that there was a considerable delay in filing the First Information Report but court pointed out that such argument was too early.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16872676", "title": "Pre-proposal conference on Agra-Lucknow expressway held", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Thursday held the pre-proposal conference for the implementation of the Agra-Lucknow green-field eco-friendly expressway. The consultant evaluation committee offered clarifications for nearly 100 queries that were received from nine prospective consultants in response to a tender floated earlier this month.Mostly pertaining to time-frame, payment schedules clarifications, qualifications of experts, environment clearances, phasing of project in single or three separate packages, a government release said that the modified proposal document has been uploaded on UPEIDA website. Clarifying that the consultants will only be responsible for preparing a detailed project report and the bidding process, CEO, UP Expressways Industrial Development Authority Mukul Singhal said that the remaining details had already been decided by the project consultant.To be built on public private partnership at an estimated cost of Rs 10,435 crore, the final alignment proposes around 270 kilometre-long six-lane expressway, which passes through Agra Ring Road via Fatehabad, Shikohabad, Saifai, NH-92 near Etawah, NH-91 near Kannauj, NH-25A near Malihabad and culminates at Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16872286", "title": "Durga Puja special trains running short of passengers", "text": "GUWAHATI: The mad rush for train tickets ahead of every Durga Puja has not been seen this year in Guwahati. The NF Railways had arranged 11 special trains to reduce the rush of the passengers during Durga Puja, but 10 of them are still running short of passengers.Unlike other years, people were not seen thronging reservation counters at the railway station for tickets of the trains bound for cities like Kolkata. Railway authorities are surprised at the mood of the people this festive season. However, passengers blame the lack of punctuality of the trains for the low turnout.\"It seems that people are in no mood to enjoy Durga Puja in other states,\" said S Hajong, chief public relations officer of the NF Railways.\"Since Durga Puja is mainly celebrated for four days, people want fast trains. But the special trains arranged during the puja take more time to cover a certain distance in comparison to express trains. People working in private companies and running their own business don't have much time to spend on journeys. Besides, the facilities in the passenger trains are not satisfactory for long journeys,\" said Dipankar Sarma, general secretary of Assam Rail Passengers' Association (ARPA).Kaushik Banerjee, the regional manager of Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC), said that people of the region are not keen on travelling outside the northeast this Durga Puja. IRCTC's special chartered tour package for people of NE to watch Durga Puja in Kolkata only received a mild response, he said.The IRCTC arranged a special tour package for Kolkata to provide the NE people an opportunity to enjoy Durga Puja in Kolkata.Meanwhile, people are flocking the Lokpriya Gopinath Bordoloi International (LGBI) Airport for tickets. Sources said most air tickets from Guwahati to other metros are booked for the Durga Puja days. \"Flights to Kolkata, Delhi and Mumbai are booked in most leading airlines upto Diwali,\" said an official of a leading private airlines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16873157", "title": "Mother poisons children, self", "text": "INDORE: Tired by a case in court which was incurring heavy financial burden on the family, a woman poisoned her two children and herself. All three are admitted at MY hospital and have been declared out of danger. The family lives in Rawji Bazaar.Neeraj Pawar, 34, wife of Yashwant Pawar, a head constable with the fire brigade consumed poisonous substance in the morning. She also fed poison to her daughter Simran, 9 and son Ishant , 4.According to police, the incident occurred at around 10.30 in the morning.They were immediately rushed to MY Hospital where they are still recuperating.Rawji Bazaar inspector Ghanshyam Dubey said that the family is in dispute with their relatives over an ancestoral land. The dispute has reached to court and has continued for long.The family wanted to settle the dispute as they are unable to bear the expenses. The situation had started affecting their personal lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16872361", "title": "Pernem civic chief survives second no-trust motion", "text": "MAPUSA: Pernem municipal council (PMC) chairperson Vasudev Deshprabhu has survived the second no-confidence motion moved against him on Thursday.In the 10-member council, five councillors voted in favour of the motion and the other five voted against the motion. This is the second no-confidence motion against Deshprabhu in four months.Vice-chairperson Smita Kauthankar and councillors Upendra Deshprabhu, Madhav Shenvi Dessai, Nutan Aroskar, Vishram Gadekar and Vishnu Salgaonkar, in a notice to the directorate of municipal administration, had sought the ouster of Deshprabhu accusing him of non-cooperation and of doing no development work in 23 months.A special meeting was convened by the returning officer, Bardez deputy collector Sabaji Shetye, in the presence of PMC chief officer Meena Naik Goltekar to discuss the no-confidence motion.During the discussions, the councillors in favour of the motion charged Deshprabhu with doing no development work. Refuting the allegations, Deshprabhu said that he was and will always remain committed to the development of the Pernem town.After the discussion, the motion was put to vote by secret ballot. Returning officer Sabaji Shetye declared that the motion was defeated.Deshprabhu faced his first no-confidence motion moved by five councillors in May, but managed to hold on to his post as none of the councillors turned up for the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16871798", "title": "Man held for Karanj rioting", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Police arrested Tahir Mirza, 23, a resident of Juhapura in connection with the recent Karanj rioting case.Mirza has been charged with preparing literature to incite demonstrationists and also the banners used in the agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872444", "title": "One more held for Aug 11 violence, minor gets bail", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai crime branch on Wednesday arrested one more person for his alleged involvement in the August 11 violence at Azad Maidan, taking the total number of arrests in the case to 61. The police have so far discharged only five suspects.The crime branch arrested 28-year-old Mohsin Aslam Kashmiri, a Bollywood artiste who resided at Pathanwadi in Malad. Locals had identified Kashmiri, but he shifted from Pathanwadi and was staying elsewhere.According to sources, Kashmiri was arrested after a police team kept an eye on him for three-four days. In the August 11 violence CCTV footage, Mohsin, along with other boys, can be seen damaging a private vehicle outside the Times of India building, opposite CST. \"He and his friends ransacked the vehicle and were dancing on its roof. We will interrogate him to identify the others who are seen with him,\" said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime).Meanwhile, a minor boy (16), who was arrested last month for his involvement in the violence, was released on bail by the Dongri juvenile court last week. He is the first person to get bail in the case. The bail applications of five other accused are pending before the Bombay high court.The police said that the crime branch had almost completed its investigations and was now waiting for the ballistic reports of the police weapons and a country-made pistol, which was found at CST after the violence.On August 11, a mob went on the rampage during a rally at Azad Maidan organized to protest against alleged atrocities against Muslims in Assam and Myanmar . Two persons died and 63 people were injured at the rioting that broke out in south Mumbai.Public and private property worth Rs 3 crore was damaged in the violence.\"We are yet to establish whose gun shots killed the two victims and injured few others. The ballistic report will give us a clearer picture,\" said an officer.The police is expected to file a chargesheet by first week of November. Cops said that they have not yet decided whether they will book community leaders for their provocative speeches on August 11 at Azad Maidan.the released on bail by the Dongri juvenile court last week. He became the first person to be released on bail in the case.The bail applications of five other accused are pending before the Bombay high court.Crime branch arrested 28 year old Mohsin Aslam Kashmiri, an artist in Bollywood from Pathanwadi in Malad. Mohsin was identified by few locals but he had moved from Pathanwadi and was staying in some other place. Sources said that police team after keeping a watch for three to four days arrested Mohsin. Mohsin is seen along with few other boys damaging a private jeep outside the Times of India building opposite CST. In the CCTV footage he and his friends ransacked the jeep and was dancing on the roof of the jeep. Now through him we will try to identify his associates who were part to the crime,'' said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime).Meanwhile the police said that the crime branch has almost completed the investigations and now awaiting the ballistic reports of the police weapons and a country made pistol which was found in the violence. Two persons were killed in the firing and 63 of them were injured and public and private property worth Rs 3 crores were damaged.We are yet to establish on whose gun shots the two persons were killed and few others were injured. The ballistic report will give some clear picture,'' said an officer.The police is expected to file a chargesheet by first week of November. Police said that they have yet not decided whether they will be booking the community leaders for their provocative speeches.On August 11, a mob went on the rampage during the rally at Azad Maidan organized to protest against alleged atrocities against Muslims in Assam and Myanmar. Two persons died and 63 people were injured in the rioting that broke out in south Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16870959", "title": "Mithila Mohan case: Crime branch seizes Manoj's gun", "text": "KOCHI: The Crime branch team on Thursday seized the revolver owned by Manoj, the elder son of liquor baron VA Mohanan alias Mithila Mohan who was shot dead by unidentified persons on the night of April 5, 2006.Crime branch officials said that the .32 revolver, which was kept in an armoury in the city for renewal of licence, was seized and send to Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) in Thiruvananthapuram for detailed examination.As per the statement of Anwar, one of the drivers of Mohan, Manoj had two guns. Anwar was arrested by the police a couple of months in connection with some other case. It was from Anwar that crime branch got information about the guns in possession of Manoj.Though Manoj had admitted to having one gun which he bought after his father's death, he had denied having the other one. \"We are investigating the case and are hoping for a breakthrough in the coming days,\" the officials said.Mohan was shot dead by unidentified persons at his residence in Vennala around 9.30pm on April 5 while the entire city was under tight police security put in place for the one day international between India and England at Jawaharlal Nehru international stadium in Kaloor on April 6.The Crime Branch took over the probe into the case on June 17, 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16870699", "title": "Cops struggle to solve women's cases", "text": "RANCHI: Cases of crime against women reported in the city are rising but neither the state women's commission nor the women's police station is able to cope with it in terms of solving these cases. Out of the number of cases reported, these institutions have been able to solve only 50 per cent of such cases. In such a situation, women of Jharkhand are left with no place where they can expect justice on time.According to the records of Ranchi Women's Police Station, the number of cases reported since January to September this year is 622 out of which only 329 have been solved, which is 52% of the total cases registered.Similarly, the number of cases solved at state women's commission this year is only 49% of the total 535 cases registered. the number of solved cases is 263. Number of cases registered since the commission was formed 2006 are 2,580 out of which only 50%, that is 1296 have been solved.Claiming that they are working at a fast pace, chairperson of women's commission, Hemlata S Mohan, said: \"Cases that have not been solved are under trial. The speed of solving the case depends on the type of cases. Many are resolved soon while many other need a number of counseling sessions. Many times the procedure gets delayed as the defendant doesn't appear for the counseling.\"Adding further she said, \"If all goes well, we will be able to solve all the cases in the next six months.\"According to both the SI of women's police station Shila Toppo and women's commission chairperson, there has been a major increase in the number of women exploitation cases registered in the past few years. Hemlata said: \"There has been an increase of 3-4 times the number of cases that used to come earlier. When the commission was formed, very few cases used to be reported, and most were related to domestic violence. Nowadays we get cases related to professional problems too as women have become more aware of their rights.\"Toppo said, \"Women of the state have definitely become more aware. It is not that the women exploitation was less earlier. The problem was that women were scared to step out of their homes and lodge complaints. Nowadays, they are not scared to fight for their rights,\" said Toppo. Rising number of rape cases in the city has also become a threat for women's safety and women are now scared to walk on the streets alone. Since January to July 2012, number of rape cases reported with Ranchi police is 45 in which the lowest number was one in January and highest 11 in March. On the other hand, City SP Vipul Shukla claimed that there was seldom a rape case in the main city. \"Maybe one case is reported every month in the city. The rape cases are more in rural areas. Girls are safe in the city and we try our best to make sure that they are always safe,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16873139", "title": "Cop who irked House goes missing, suspended", "text": "JAIPUR: Circle Inspector Ratna Gupta, who could not be produced in the assembly on Thursday, was suspended after she was found absenting from work.The tug-of-war between the judiciary and legislature got murkier as the legislators were upset with Ratna Gupta not taking the warrant issued by an assembly committee and Ratna Gupta's family announcing that they would challenge her suspension in the high court.The suspension order came on Thursday afternoon after a police team found that Ratna had not reported for work since October 15 and when it reached her residence on Thursday morning, she was not there too. The order came after the legislators had accused the department of shielding her.The team had gone to her Civil Lines residence following a warrant issued by the assembly's committee on privileges, a day earlier after the woman cop failed to respond to four summon notices issued by the committee earlier. \"Ratna Gupta has not reported to work since October 15 and the team which went to her residence on Thursday morning, found her to be missing there too. She stands suspended with immediate effect until further action is taken in the case,'' DGP H C Meena informed TOI.Meena said the circle inspector, as per the directives of the assembly, had already been issued a 17 CC notice earlier and was to be produced before the committee on Thursday.Gupta's family was quick to react on the suspension. \"We will challenge the suspension as soon as possible,'' her sister Usha Gupta, who is also an advocate, said. Her family has claimed that she will not respond to the legislative assembly's warrant and if needed be, they would challenge the notices in the Supreme Court. \"The case is already pending in high court and if need be, we will go to the Supreme Court. We have equal regard for the high court and the assembly, however, when the judiciary has already taken a cognizance , the question of being produced in front of the assembly's committee does not arise,'' her father G C Gupta, said.Chairperson of the committee on privileges, Surendra Singh Jadawat, said Gupta was to be produced on Thursday and that was her last chance for a hearing. \"A report regarding the summon and the warrant and Gupta not reporting would be tabled in the House during the next assembly session,'' he said. BJP legislator Vasudev Devnani, a member of the committee, had alleged that several police officials sympathized with Gupta and that the department was trying to shield her.Assistant commissioner of police Ashok Nagar, Sumit Gupta, informed the committee on privileges that Gupta had not reported to work since October 15 and that they were unable to produce her in front of the committee as directed. Meena later sent over a report to the committee informing about Gupta's suspension. Gupta was accused of non-cooperation with the members of the women and children welfare committee of the assembly when they were on a surprise visit to a women's police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16872125", "title": "MLA for super-specialty facility on hospital land", "text": "PUNE: BJP MLA Madhuri Misal on Thursday said efforts were on to mobilize the state government support for a super-specialty medical facility on the land reserved for Employee State Insurance Corporation's (ESIC) hospital in Bibvewadi.\"We have already presented a proposal to state labour minister Hasan Mushrif who has consented to hold a meeting to discuss the project,\" Misal said at a press conference. Bibvewadi comes under Misal's constituency.\"Despite adequate land, services provided by ESIC hospital in Bibvewadi have remained largely unutilised. We want the state government to convert it into a super-specialty hospital and make the services open not just to insured workers but also to people in general. Bangalore has a super-specialty ESIC hospital where medical care is availed by insured workers as well as people in general,\" Misal said.With the state-run Sassoon hospital overburdened, one more government hospital is the need of the hour. The ESIC hospital in Aundh was closed in February 2009 and shifted to Mohannagar, Chinchwad and Bibvewadi. The current strength of beneficiaries enrolled for medical care at the hospital is 3,24,613.\"ESIC hospital and its surrounding areas in Bibvewadi is spread over 16.5 acres of land. An acre of land has already been encroached upon and the decision regarding removal of the encroachment is still pending. The hospital does not have hospitalisation facility. Besides, no casualty department and operation theaters are available. Only consultation on out-patient-department (OPD) basis, routine laboratory investigation and X-ray facilities are provided at the hospital,\" Misal observed.Considering the land and space available at the hospital, it can be converted into a super-specialty facility, she added. \"At present, the ESIC hospital refers insured workers to private hospitals with which the ESIC has tied up to provide secondary and super-specialty care,\" Misal said.Drawing attention to Bangalore's ESIC hospital, Misal said, \"Though the Bangalore ESIC hospital has certain number of beds for insured beneficiaries, common people also receive medical care there. Why not the same model be replicated at the ESIC's hospital in Bibvewadi? The hospital has adequate land and space. What we require is mobilisation of political will and genuine efforts to make it a reality. We have already initiated discussion about this. The state labour minister has showed willingness to come over and discuss the possibility,\" Misal said.Employees' State Insurance Scheme of India, is a multi-dimensional social security system tailored to provide socio-economic protection to worker population and their dependents covered under the scheme.Eom/umesh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871829", "title": "Expert panel recommends 10-year moratorium on GM food crop field trials", "text": "NEW DELHI: An expert committee, appointed pursuant to the Supreme Court's direction, has recommended a 10-year moratorium on field trials of all genetically modified (GM) food crops.The Technical Expert Committee's interim report, submitted to the court which is dealing with petitions filed by Aruna Rodrigues and NGO Gene Campaign, said the field trials need to be kept in abeyance till an independent committee of experts and stakeholders examined and assessed the potential hazard of herbicide tolerant crops and their suitability to India.Both Rodrigues and the NGO through counsel Prashant Bhushan and Sanjay Parikh had been complaining against field trials of genetically modified food crops without assessing their corrupting effect on the traditional seed based crops.The committee felt that there should be designated sanitized and protected sites for the various stages of field trials and GM food crops should not be allowed to be sowed near agricultural fields. It also felt that there should be proper assessment and recording of bio-safety data before allowing field trials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "16872278", "title": "Stray cattle, not cops, dictate flow of traffic in Quepem", "text": "QUEPEM: Stray cattle seem to have taken up a policing role in regulating the flow of traffic in and around the town with hordes of them slowing down traffic at various junctions.Hordes of stray cattle can be seen in broad daylight at the busy Quepem junction in the heart of the town, near Don Bosco school, about one km away and the Tilamol junction barely two km away.Residents alleged that several accidents have occurred and such incidents are on the rise due to cattle freely roaming on the road, which has also led to traffic jams.\"Stray cattle is the biggest problem for motorcycle riders as well as for other vehicles. Cattle, who squat on the middle of the road, are especially dangerous when they are black in colour. These cattle get camouflaged in the darkness due to which human beings or cattle can get killed. The problems should be looked into by the authorities concerned before any major accidents occur,\" said Filomeno Pereira, a senior citizen of Quepem.The Quepem municipal council (QMC) has constructed a cattle pound as per the directives of the high court, But no cattle can be seen in the cattle pound.The area has become an isolated place with overgrown grass and access to the cattle pound from the main road is in need of urgent repair.When contacted by TOI, QMC's chairperson Dayesh Naik said that there is a cattle pound and a pound keeper. He also said that stray cattle are kept within the cattle pound.Asked how many stray cattle had been taken away by the pound keeper and how much amount has been collected by way of fines imposed, the chairperson replied that, presently, he did not have the correct figure.Asked whether the pound keeper does his duty at night time, the chairperson said that the pound keeper \"works only during office hours\".\"A woman staff member from Don Bosco was knocked down by stray cattle and was hospitalized for five days,\" stated Fr Anisio Mota, headmaster of Pope John high school, Quepem.While pointing out to the many incidents taking place on the road in front of Don Bosco, Mota said a 10-year-old school student was hit by a buffalo while going to school.\"There is always a traffic jam at Quepem because stray cattle do not understand traffic rules, and neither do police control them,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16873429", "title": "Get ready for smoother ride", "text": "LUDHIANA: The traffic snarls at major points of congestion may soon ease out as traffic police and the municipal commission are planning to redesign slip roads and roundabouts at key stretches of the city.A decision to this effect was taken during a meeting of traffic police and municipal commissioner R K Verma on Thursday afternoon. The meeting delved at length on the key issues that could help reduce traffic snarls during peak hours in the city.Speaking to TOI, Verma said he had already issued instructions to the additional commissioner for a survey and identify the roundabouts and crossings that need to be redesigned. A Czechoslovakian company that has recently offered to beautify all roundabouts in the city has been roped in, he added.The points of major traffic bottlenecks proposed to be redesigned include Cheema Chowk, Dugri Chowk near Sidhwan Bridge and the crossing close to Sidhwan Canal bridge on Pakhowal Road.During the meeting, it was also pointed out that at least 10 trees need to be removed as they were causing hindrance to smooth flow of traffic. It was suggested that decreasing the size of Cheema Chowk, which has been a major clog point, would help ease jams.Rahul Verma, a social activist who is working in tandem with traffic police on the issue, said the suggestions have also been made for redesigning slip roads connected to Dugri Chowk near Sidhwan Canal bridge on Dugri Road. Traffic cops, who gave a string of suggestions, also stressed on the need for redesigning roads and stretches at a few places and sought intervention of the MC commissioner.Officials suggested that there was a need to redesign all the four slip roads from the bridge to Dugri Chowk as they were not constructed properly. The crossing right before Sidhwan Canal Bridge on Pakhowal Road, that has a vegetable market and is marked by frequent traffic jams, was also identified as the key problem area.It was suggested that the that the curve leading to this crossing and then linking it to the bridge could be reduced by straightening it a bit. Assistant commissioner police, traffic, Allen Chellian, who was part of the meeting, said suggestions were aimed at easing traffic pressure particularly during peak hours.Meanwhile, trees would be removed from Bharat Nagar Chowk to Shaheed Sukhdev Interstate Bus Terminal, outside Hero Bakery on Malhar Road, near petrol pump close to railway crossing on Pakhowal Road, Arya College to Shamshan Ghat Road, on road between commissioner police residence and Cemetery Road and three trees on College Road near Jain Jewellers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16873482", "title": "Ban on political rallies inside walled city of Amritsar sought", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking cognizance of a petition seeking directions to ban political rallies/demonstrations/ dharnas inside the old walled city of Amritsar, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday issued notice to Punjab government seeking their response in the matter.Directions have also been sought to allocate a separate place for such rallies in Amritsar district.A division bench of the HC headed by Chief Justice A K Sikri issued the notice after hearing a PIL filed by Amritsar-resident S S Sharma.The petitioner informed the bench that due to increase in vehicular traffic as also population in Amritsar city, conduct of political rallies/dharnas and other such events inside the walled city is causing congestion and inconvenience to public.Counsel for petitioner, Saurav Khurana, contended that they had approached the HC earlier also, following which the HC had issued specific directions on December 23 last year to DC, Amritsar to take up the issue.But, the DC referred the matter to the commissioner of police, Amritsar. The petitioner then approached the commissioner of police. He too did not do much in this regard and issued directions that rally could be conducted only after taking written permission from the owner of the place.The petitioner sought specific directions to Punjab government and the district administration not to grant permission for political functions inside the walled city and take appropriate action against violators.Besides the state government, HC has also sought replies from the DC and commissioner of police, Amritsar, on the next date of hearing. The case would now come up for further hearing on December 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16870452", "title": "Rogue cop dreams up unique rental business", "text": "KOCHI: Recently, there was 'official' confirmation of the cop-criminal nexus when an assistant sub inspector (ASI) in Idukki allegedly rented out his uniform for Rs 50,000 to a bandit to help him commit highway robbery, that too in Tamil Nadu.On September 25, Muvattupuzha-based businessman Moitheen was at Ukkadam near Coimbatore when the car in which he was travelling was waved down by a police officer. Even as the cop was busy checking the vehicle, a group of men came by, overpowered Moitheen and fled with Rs 30 lakh he was carrying. While leaving, the robbers took care to flatten his car tyres and, more interestingly, to take the police officer along with them.Later, on October 16, during a routine vehicle check at Muvattupuzha a man was nabbed by Muvattupuzha SI P S Shyju for carrying unaccounted money to the tune of Rs 8 lakh.The money was kept in a belt tied to his waist. The police soon confirmed that the man was none other than Beeran, 42, from Pooppara in Idukki, a professional thief.On interrogation, Beeran spilled the beans on the Coimbatore robbery, confessing that he had disguised himself as a police officer and had rented the uniform from an ASI from Idukki district.\"We also arrested his close aide Basheer, 56, a native of Velloorkunnam. As per the statement of Beeran, the ASI is his relative and was paid Rs 50,000 for lending the uniform,\" said Muvattupuzha DSP M N Ramesh.When the police team questioned the ASI, he claimed to have been on medical leave during the robbery, and, even more bizarrely, declared that he had given the uniform to his cousin as they wanted to go hunting in the nearby forest. \"We seriously doubt his version. He might have given the uniform fully knowing the plot. We also suspect that the ASI might have gone along with the gang for the robbery,\" police sources said.They added that Beeran gave Basheer Rs 5 lakh for helping him. The police are on the lookout for the other five members of the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16871417", "title": "High-level segment missing at CoP meet", "text": "HYDERABAD: With CoP-11 only a few hours away from closure, serious questions are being raised on the commitment of member countries to the cause of biodiversity conservation. The poor turnout of delegates at the high-level segment of the meet, flagged off by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on October 16, was glaring on the penultimate day of the convention and so were the rows of empty chairs and uninspiring speeches by the handful in attendance at Hall 3 of HICC.While officials of the United Nations pegged the total number of attendees at 77 (out of 193) the visuals, briefly broadcast from the confines of this highly-guarded hall, had a different story to tell. Not more than 30-40 seats seemed to boast the 'occupied' status. A few among those that did not have a representative were: Sudan, Switzerland, Honduras, Syrian Arab Republic, Tonga and Tunisia. Worse, even India's designated seat in the hall lay vacant.\"This only shows the level of importance that countries, including India, attach to this convention,\" said a keen observer of the CoP proceedings. As the president of the international meet, he added, that an Indian representative (apart from the MoEF official chairing the session) should have been present during the discussions.The significance of the high-level segment is rooted in the fact that it brings together the `policy-makers' of member countries under one roof and it was expected that the last four days of the convention would be packed to capacity given the stature of people coming down to attend it. Also, it was during this period that firm decisions on the agenda, discussed and negotiated over the past two weeks, were expected to be taken. \"The missing ministers only signal the lack of interest among parties to eventually implement the principles of the CBD on conservation and protection of biodiversity. It only reiterates the fact that all the tall talk by these members so far are nothing but hollow,\" said another participant at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16871894", "title": "Nippani junks public loos, funds more at home", "text": "BELGAUM: The Nippani City Municipal Council in Belgaum district has decided to sanction toilets for each home of economically weaker families which can be built free of cost. The council recently passed a resolution on this.The move follows people's opposition to the construction of public toilets in different areas as these exuded a bad stink.MLA Kakasaheb Patil said the government has sanctioned four public toilets in each of the 10 blocks in different areas but due to opposition, construction hasn't started. \"Considering the gravity of the problem, we stopped constructing public toilets. Instead, we decided to distribute the same grants to economically weaker families for them to construct individual toilets in the same area by taking government approval. This model initiative will cover the entire town after taking into account the public response,\" Patil said.The municipality provides Rs 20,000 to for SC/ST families to construct individual toilets under the 22.75% grants. The same amount would be sanctioned for economically weaker families, irrespective of caste and creed from the SFC grants and amount sanctioned for four public toilets. \"If this model works, it'll save municipality land required for constructing and maintaining public toilets,\" he said.Commissioner G Chandrappa told TOI the municipality plans to earmark a separate amount for this project in the next budget. \"We also have plans to create awareness among economically stable families and insist they have individual toilets. We already have 300 blocks of public toilets. But most rich people don't have toilets. There is a strong perception among people the house shouldn't have a toilet. We need to change such perceptions by creating awareness, about hygiene,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16873384", "title": "Was Manesar land undervalued for Robert Vadra?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When Congress chief's son-in-law Robert Vadra's company came to the office of Manesar sub-registrar on September 18 this year to register the sale deed (no. 1435) with DLF Universal of the 3.53-acre land that he had bought in Shikohpur in February 2008, the officer was well aware that the value of this land had shot up by almost eight times from Rs 7.5 crore to Rs 58 crore in just four months.The land was bought by Vadra's Sky Light Hospitality on February 12, 2008, for Rs 7.5 crore. Immediately after that, Vadra's firm applied for change of land use licence (known as LOI/licence in official circle) which he was awarded on March 28, 2008.Within months, Vadra entered into a sale agreement with DLF for Rs 58 crore for the same land and received the first instalment of Rs 5 crore on June 3, 2008. Subsequently, he got three more cheques of Rs 10 crore, Rs 35 crore and Rs 8 crore on March 27, 2009, November 7, 2009 and July 25, 2012 respectively.All these payment details, including the cheque numbers, were mentioned in the sale deed which was signed and registered with the Manesar sub-registrar on September 18, 2012.After reading the document, the sub-registrar could have easily detected the fact that the land which was bought on February 12, 2008, for Rs 7.5 crore was sold to DLF for Rs 58 crore by June 3, 2008, and the first instalment of the money was also paid to Vadra by then.However, this did not prompt the officer to further probe the deal and find out whether the land was undervalued when it was bought by Vadra on February 12, 2008. Between February and June 2008, Vadra's firm secured the change of land use licence - the crucial factor which helped the land price shoot up.The tehsildar, Balraj Singh Dangi, told ToI, \"Collector rate of land at that time was Rs 1.55 crore per acre and the stamp duty was paid in accordance with the amount mentioned in the sale deed.\"However, he refused to elaborate on why the officer at the time of registration did not take note of the huge jump in the value of the same land between February and June 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16871264", "title": "One killed, 2 injured in factory blast", "text": "One worker was burnt to death and two others were seriously injured in an explosion in a chemical factory in Bhongir town in Nalgonda district on Thursday. Sources said a boiler explosion in the private unit at around 9 am razed the entire factory to the ground. Rajasekhar, 30, who was working at the site along with two others in the factory,suffered 80 per cent burns. He was rushed to a hospital where he succumbed to death.The deceased had married recently and came to Nalgonda for work from his native Kothagudem in Khammam district.Two other workers, who suffered serious injuries, were being treated in the area hospital. Another worker was not on duty when the mishap took place.Three types of chemicals are manufactured in the factory.Sources said the boiler exploded during the mixing of the chemicals. Police booked a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16872247", "title": "Puja panels asked to keep 4 garbage bins near pandals", "text": "PATNA: The PMC authorities have asked Durga Puja committees to help themselves to keep the city clean during the festival.PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal, at a meeting with puja organizers, urged them to put at least four dustbins near their pandals so that sanitation workers could collect garbage from there.\"The A2Z infrastructure, which had been entrusted with the responsibility of sanitation work in the city, suddenly removed all its dustbins from the city after the company's contract dismissed. The company, which has been awarded the contract of sanitation work, will not be able to bring the garbage bins from Gujarat before Durga Puja. So, I request you to help yourselves during the festival to keep the city clean,\" he said, adding the sanitation workers would collect garbage three times in a day during the puja.The PMC commissioner also asked the puja committees to play a recorded CD spreading the message of cleanliness drive among the Patnaties several times in a day.Earlier, the Patna high court had also ordered the PMC commissioner to launch mobile cleanliness awareness drive in every ward under its jurisdiction.The civic body has also started a tollfree number to register complaints. \"PMC miserably failed to provide us basic sanitation infrastructure. Who will guarantee their response after registering the complaints through a telephone number,\" said a puja committee member.Aarti Mukherjee of Patliputra complained that garbage dumps had put her family in a fix as guests were to arrive soon from outstation to visit them during Puja holidays.\"The stinking street corners and the uneven roads every year make a very awkward situation for us in front of the visitors, who all have to put their handkerchief on their nose every time they pass by a garbage dump,\" said Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16872246", "title": "HDFC Bank assistance for flood-hit", "text": "GUWAHATI: Navin Puri, group head, retail branch banking of HDFC Bank , on Thursday handed over a cheque for Rs 5,44,946 for the flood-affected people of Majuli. Puri, who is on a three-day visit to the state, met chief minister Tarun Gogoi and discussed the bank's growth and business in the state and informed various activities undertaken by the bank for the people of the state, especially people living below poverty line, a bank spokesman said. At present, the bank has 34 branches in the state and is going to open nine more by this year-end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16873283", "title": "Cruise passengers leave after sojourn", "text": "KOCHI: Cruise ship Costa neo Romantica docked at Cochin Port as part of its world cruise on Thursday. The ship, on its maiden visit to the country, is the first cruise ship to dock here this tourist season. The 219-metre long vessel has 11 decks, 1,800 passengers and a crew of 600. The passengers are from Italy, Spain, Germany and England.\"It is the first ship of the tourist season and we are expecting 40 to 44 ships this season. However, the ship could not avail facilities of the newly unveiled passenger terminal because we can't accommodate such a huge ship at present, said Sanjeev Kumar, managing director of Lotus DMC, which is the ground handling agent for the ship's India and Maldives operation.The passengers toured Kumbalangi, cruised the backwaters of Alappuzha and watched a kathakali performance. \"The visit to Kumbalangi was to give them a typical village experience. They witnessed various fishing activities, had a traditional lunch and saw the 'kolukali',\" said Kumar.The ship, which started its journey from Dubai, left Kochi after midnight. Its final destination is Mauritius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872861", "title": "Calculation of 'waiting time' charge stumps commuters", "text": "MUMBAI: Whenever a meter shows inflated readings, most auto drivers come up with a similar one-liner: \"The meter has shot up since the vehicle waited at the signal for so long\". Most passengers find this difficult to argue with as there is zero awareness on how to calculate the waiting charge.Consumer activist Shirish Deshpande said, \"The waiting charge is not even mentioned on the official tariff card. I feel commuters should stop paying it unless they see the time the auto had to wait at signals or in a traffic snarl.\"In the new e-meter, one can always insist on seeing the waiting time after a journey is completed. There are three things displayed on any RTO approved e-meter - the exact fare, the distance travelled and the clock. The clock alternates with the waiting time. So, whenever the driver applies the brakes, is stuck in a traffic jam or at a signal, the waiting time indicator is flashed on and you can see the time ticking in seconds. At the end of the journey, the fare for the waiting period is added. However, the same cannot be seen in a mechanical meter.However, the waiting time is not added to the final distance covered. \"The waiting time can be converted into distance and can be added to the distance slab. But this is not done. Instead, the meter only adds the final amount for the waiting period to the final fare,\" said Deshpande. This creates confusion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "faridabad/palwal (haryana)", "code": "16872647", "title": "Did Congress reward Robert Vadra's associates?", "text": "FARIDABAD/PALWAL (HARYANA): When Haryana went to polls in the autumn of 2009, Congress fielded a first-time candidate, Lalit Nagar, in Faridabad's newly-created constituency of Tigaon. According to a report filed in a Chandigarh-based paper, Nagar had \"made a name as a realtor in the area\". But political circles in Faridabad believe not just did he make his name and fortune in the real estate business, Nagar also earned his ticket through it.Documents available with TOI show Lalit Nagar's brother, Mahesh Nagar, purchased land on behalf of Robert Vadra, not just in Haryana but also in Rajasthan.A sale deed dated 3 March, 2008, shows nine acres of land in Hasanpur village in Haryana's Palwal district was sold by Gurgaon resident H L Pahwa to Robert Vadra for Rs 36.9 lakh. At the bottom of the deed, Pahwa has signed as the seller. But the buyer's signature is not Vadra's, it is Mahesh Nagar's. The buyer is named as 'Robert Vadra through Mahesh Nagar', which shows Vadra has vested authority/power of attorney in Mahesh Nagar.Similarly, a sale deed from Rajasthan's Bikaner district shows 4.63 acres of land in Basti village in Ganganagar tehsil was sold for Rs 8.5 lakh in April, 2009, by 42-year-old Sarita Devi Bothra to Real Earth Estate Private Limited, a company based in New Delhi. The company's director is Robert Vadra. The purchase is done on his behalf by Mahesh Nagar.In both states, the total extent of the land purchased by Mahesh Nagar for Robert Vadra remains unclear but sources on the ground claim it runs into several hundreds of acres. Even the 6.45 acres of land purchased by Rahul Gandhi in Hasanpur village in Haryana's Palwal district in March, 2008, was done through Mahesh Nagar.Little surprise that when Lalit Nagar won a Congress ticket in the 2009 assembly elections, even Congressmen saw it as a reward for his and his brother's services as trusted real estate agents. \"Nagar bahut halka aadmi tha (Nagar was a lightweight). He had done some work in Youth Congress years ago, that's all,\" says a Congress leader, who did not wish to be named.\"I won't even call him a lightweight. He was a nobody,\" says Krishna Pal, BJP MLA from Tigaon, who defeated Nagar by 811 votes. \"Nagar was chosen over senior Congressmen with 30-40 years of political experience only because he was Robert Vadra's man. He has also bought land for Vadra in Amipur village in Faridabad district,\" he adds.While Nagar lost the 2009 election, since then he has built a political profile for himself, visible through myriads of posters and billboards plastered all over his constituency. His personal website strives hard to showcase his political credentials. It points out that his uncle Gajaraj Bahudar served as a minister in Haryana between 1977 and 1982. It lists his own previously held positions: District President, Kissan Khet Mazdoor Congress and General Secretary, Youth Congress. And it describes him as \"one of the most dedicated propagandist of Congress Party ideologies.\"However, since controversy erupted over Vadra's land deals, Nagar has been keeping a low-profile. He did not answer calls made on his cellphone by TOI. And at his residence in Sector 17 of Faridabad, his supporters politely turn visiting journalists away.Nagar is the second Congress leader in Haryana whose name has surfaced in Vadra's land deals. Last week, in a press conference, leader of opposition in Haryana, Om Prakash Chautala , had alleged that Aftab Ahmed , the Congress MLA from Nuh constituency in Mewat district, won a ticket in 2009 in return for selling land to Real Earth Estate Pvt Ltd, a companies in which Vadra is a director.Chautala claimed 27 acres of land in Shakarpuri village in Mewat district, 75 km from Delhi, was sold between May 11 and 25, 2009, for Rs 2 lakh per acre, while the circle rate, or the minimum rate set by the government, was Rs 16 lakh, and the market rate was Rs 50 lakh. Of the 27 acres, 17 acres of the land belonged to Ahmed's wife, mother and two sisters-in-law.While Ahmed admitted the family land was sold to Real Earth Estate Pvt Ltd, he said it was just \"a coincidence\" that the company's director was Robert Vadra. In his defence, he also pointed out that he had contested elections twice before and his family had a strong political legacy. His grandfather Kabir Ahmed was elected MLA twice and his father Khurshid Ahmed was a minister in Haryana three times, winning his last election as an MLA in 1996.(with inputs from Chandigarh Bureau)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16874999", "title": "Dhanush will play Mountain Man", "text": "This Tamil actor seems to be stuck with North Indian characters . Dhanush, who plays a lover boy from Uttar Pradesh in his first Hindi film Raanjhanaa , will now also portray the character of Dashrath Manjhi in the biopic to be directed by Manish Jha and produced by Sanjay Singh.Incidentally, Dhanush replaces Manoj Bajpai who was initially being considered to play Manjhi also called the Mountain Man because of his feat of single handedly carving a 360-foot-long , 25-foot-high and 30-foot-wide road through a mountain in Gahlour village in Bihar.Asked why Dhanush scored over Manoj,Singh said,\"Manoj was being considered. But he's slightly too old to play the role. Dhanush is the right age and physically perfect for the part. He will have no problem mastering the nuances.\" Dhanush will now have to undertake extensive on-location preparation to get a hang of Manjhi's character.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "16872810", "title": "Leopard attacks 7-year-old boy", "text": "BAHRAICH: A seven-year-old boy was injured after being attacked by a leopard in Nishanghara range of Katarniaghat wildlife sanctuary, said divisional forest officer wildlife.The victim was playing outside his house in Rampurwa Matehi village when the leopard attacked him. The animal dragged the boy into the jungle.The victim was later rescued by villagers and admitted to community health centre Mihinpurwa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15326256", "title": "Rituparna's take on other actresses", "text": "Rituparna opens up about her feelings towards other contemporaries -Sreelekha: A brilliant heroine but has a tendency to put on weight Swastika: She is very bubbly and pretty. She is a good actor but uses Twitter unnecessarily Ananya: She is a fabulous actor but has mood swings that she must take care of", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16873107", "title": "No substitute for domestic cricket: Sanjay Bangar", "text": "MUMBAI: The grind of domestic cricket can get lonely and tiring, but few will deny that there's no real substitute to playing three-day or four-day matches.The hype machinery that surrounds Indian cricket can be eloquent when a player is in form, but can get scathing when he's not. For players who have been lucky enough to jump the queue for a national spot, and for those who have had to go through the grind, domestic cricket will continue to provide life-support.It isn't a surprise, therefore, that Sachin Tendulkar and Zaheer Khan have expressed their desire to play for Mumbai in the coming Ranji season. The batting maestro has been woefully out of form and Zaheer has failed to whip up speed that he is known to produce when he is at his best.\"Senior India players know the value of playing domestic cricket. Tournaments like Ranji and Duleep are just a grade below international cricket. So if you perform here you are bound to shine at the highest level,\" feels former India allrounder Sanjay Bangar .Bangar, who opens for Railways in Ranji Trophy, called it his love for the sport that has kept him going despite playing his last Test for India almost a decade ago. \"I still play domestic cricket not because of what I have done in the past, but because I am still performing. There are so many new challenges and you have to pull your weight as a senior member to guide your team through,\" he added.Saurashtra's Shitanshu Kotak, who never got a game for India, but is a batting behemoth in the domestic circuit, seconds Bangar's views. \"You play domestic games because you have the appetite for challenges, hunger for runs and passion for cricket,\" Kotak says.The veteran all-rounder, however, didn't find it uncommon for senior players to participate in domestic cricket before a major series.\"It would be the best thing if senior players opt to play domestic matches. But the tight international scheduling often doesn't provide such a scenario. First-class cricket is extremely competitive, so often senior players (mostly bowlers) prefer to rest to avoid injuries before a series. That's perfectly fine. But it would be silly for a senior player to assume that he can come and instantly score a hundred or take 10 wickets in a game and regain form,\" he added.Former opener Aakash Chopra emphasized the need to give less importance to Under-19 and IPL success and promote performers in three-day and four-day tournaments. \"It's better to lose a couple of years than lose a couple of players,\" Chopra said, adding that several youngsters who have been fast-tracked before have lost their way after a while.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16872796", "title": "Most dengue cases in Byculla area: BMC", "text": "MUMBAI: Congested localities in south Mumbai had emerged as the hotspots of dengue cases, revealed a survey conducted by the BMC after an outbreak of the viral ailment. Byculla and Worli have recorded the highest number of dengue cases this year.\"Most dengue patients are from localities that have factories and industrial units, where scrap and debris are found in large quantity. Dengue is caused by mosquito bites during the day and its symptoms, unlike malaria, are difficult to understand,\" executive health officer Dr Arun Bamne said.The BMC's health department figures say 647 dengue cases have been reported in the city, with almost 60% patients hailing from pockets in south Mumbai that were severely affected by malaria last year. E ward, which covers Byculla Mazgaon area, recorded the highest number of dengue cases at 126, with G/South (Worli) coming a close second at 111. Fifty-eight cases were reported in F/South ward or Parel-Sewree and 48 in B ward, which covers Dongri. Three have died. of the disease.Standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale said the civic body would hold an awareness campaign on the vector-borne disease. \"We have instructed the civic body's health, insecticide, maintenance and solid waste management departments to follow the standard operating procedure that was used to eradicate malaria. They have been asked to remove debris from the affected wards and maintain cleanliness,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16872814", "title": "Temporary high court relief for Durai Dhayanidhi", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has given a temporary reprieve to Union minister M K Alagiri's son Durai Dhayanidhi Alagiri who is facing imminent arrest in connection with the multi-crore granite quarrying scam.Justice T Mathivanan ordered the police not to execute the non-bailable arrest warrant against Dhayanidhi till November 2 and asked the state government to reply to Dhayanidhi's plea to quash the warrant.The warrant was issued by the judicial magistrate court at Melur on October 15 based on a petition from the police who stated that Dhayanidhi as well as seven others accused in the granite scam were evading arrest.Immediately after the warrant was issued, Dhayandhi's counsels moved the high court bench with a petition seeking to quash the warrant. The counsels urged the bench to nullify the arrest warrant as it was issued when an anticipatory bail plea was pending in the high court.The counsel for Dhayanidhi, Kumaresan, argued before the bench citing a Supreme Court order that lower courts should not pass orders in cases where related hearings were going on in higher courts. He argued that the non-bailable arrested warrant issued by the judicial magistrate court was invalid when the anticipatory bail plea was being heard in the high court.The advocate-general refuted the contention and argued that there was a prima facie illegality in the conduct of Dhayanidhi and hence the arrest warrant was issued. Justice Mathivanan, who heard arguments from both sides, adjourned the matter to November 2 and ordered that the warrant be kept in abeyance till that date. He also ordered the advocate-general to furnish a response on Dhayanidhi's petition.While Dhayanidhi's advocates were buoyed by the order and exuded confidence of quashing the arrest warrant, police said they were apprehensive over the influence the accused could wield in destroying evidence and threatening witnesses if not arrested immediately.Besides Dhayanidhi, the Melur court had issued arrest warrants against seven persons including Olympus Granites' partner Nagaraj, PRP Exports owner P Palanisamy's wife Selvi, sons Suresh Kumar and Senthil Kumar, Sindhu Granites owner Selvaraj and two others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16870568", "title": "Surrey cricketer finds his calling in golf", "text": "BANGALORE: Had James Morrison , who gave the fancied Indian golfers a run for their money on the opening day of the $1.25 million Hero-Indian Open, stuck to his first love -- cricket -- he would have probably been a thorn in the flesh of the Indian bowlers when the England cricket team tours India later this month.Luckily for the Indian bowlers, the former Surrey allrounder switched to golf just when he looked set to move up the ladder in cricket. An aggressive opening batsman who had played with current England captain Alastair Cook , Tim Bresnan and Ravi Bopara as a teenager, Morrison scored a brilliant 117 in his last match nine years ago.Even that knock couldn't change his mind as Morrison, who played for the English Lions (Youth), chose golf over professional cricket at the age of 16, moving from an 18-handicapper to a scratch golfer in just 10 months. \"From then on, it has been only golf,\" the 27-year-old said. \"I was playing cricket, and playing well too, but I knew in my head that I wanted to play golf.\"\"The decision was purely the enjoyment factor, I wasn't enjoying cricket much anymore,\" Morrison, who also bowled off-spin, explained about his switch. \"More financial reward playing golf than cricket,\" he added.For Morrison, who grew up idolizing legendary leg-spinner Shane Warne , Sachin Tendulkar is his favourite Indian cricketer. \"He's an amazing player. He has had a great career and is the best that has ever lived I guess.\"With the sort of money pouring into cricket now, would he, like Usain Bolt and James Blake , want to play in the IPL? \"If the price is good,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16872470", "title": "Manipuri film selected for Frankfurt festival", "text": "IMPHAL: \" Noong Amadi Yeroom\" (Rock and Egg), a short fiction film directed by eminent Manipuri filmmaker Romi Meitei, has been selected for the fourth \"New Generations - Independent Indian Film Festival\" in Frankfurt , Germany.Earlier, the 14-minute film was screened at MIFF 2012, Mumbai (international competition), IFFI, Indian Panorama 2011, IFFSK Kerala, ICFFI and Boston . With making 35 Manipuri feature films and 3 short fiction films Romi has contributed a significant role in the gradual evolution of digital-format cinema in Manipuri Film industry.Strife-torn Manipur has witnessed large-scale production of low-budget video films since the underground groups put a ban on Hindi movies and songs about 15 years ago. This has consistently transformed into a blessing in disguise as hordes of Manipuri feature and documentary films have come into the limelight with filmmakers winning both national and international awards.The rising trends have also consistently given a platform to young actors, filmmakers, technicians and film-related personalities.Romi's film with English sub title will be screened on November 9, the inaugural day of the three-day long festival. \" I'm so happy with my fiction being selected for the prestigious festival,\" said Romi (36), an Imphal resident.\"Noong Amadi Yeroom\" portrays an unprecedented action of Chaoren, a young boy who lives in perpetual fear of his father who always scolds him for everything. When his father scolds him, Chaoren's memory is lost. On this fateful day, he breaks his father's Nganthak (clay smoking pipe) and tries his best to replace it before his father comes back home.The kid forgets his good virtues in order to avoid his father rage. He steals money from his strict father even though he is aware of the consequences. Chaoren feels like a small egg facing a big hard rock.Romi's new feature film christined \"MY HOME\" is going to be shot in January 2013. The project is funded by \"Green Screenlab and PAL foundation,\" United Kingdom . His debut short fiction \"Cease Baby's Whimpering Cry\" was officially nominated at MIFF, Sign 09, ICFSI and Asiaticafilmideale, Rome .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16870458", "title": "Buildings of religious groups taxable: Kerala high court", "text": "KOCHI: Buildings constructed by religious groups are liable to be taxed if used for commercial purposes, the Kerala high court has ruled. It clarified that using such buildings occasionally for religious purposes won't help the groups in availing themselves of the building tax exemption provided under Kerala Building Tax Act of 1976.The ruling by Justice Antony Dominic came on a petition filed by St John The Baptist Church at Kanjirathanam in Kottayam.The church had constructed a centenary hall utilizing contributions from parishioners. The demand for a building tax of Rs 1.42 lakh by the village officer was opposed by the church, contending that the hall is mainly used for religious purposes. Higher government officials, to whom the dispute was referred, also asked the church to pay the building tax, following which the church approached the high court.After conducting an inspection of the hall and enquiries with the local people, the tahsildar of Vaikom had reported that the hall is given on rent for marriages and other functions. The church's contention was that the hall is given free of charges for marriage receptions hosted by those who contributed for its construction. Besides, the hall is used for religious classes on Sundays and for prayer services and other religious programmes on other days.Dismissing the church's arguments, the court held that in Christian marriages, religious ceremonies in connection with the solemnization of marriage are held in churches. Once the religious functions are concluded, the reception is hosted either in a parish hall or other places, depending upon the convenience, financial status and other considerations of the persons concerned.Such receptions, which have nothing spiritual, cannot be recognized as religious functions.As far as the contention that the auditorium is used for Sunday classes is concerned, such occasional use of the auditorium will not qualify as its principal use, the court ruled.It also pointed out that if the church is not renting out the hall, it would be an economic liability for the village parish. The hall has a plinth area of 947.25 sq m and the church has provided 1,000 chairs and 200 tables. Therefore, the tahsildar's findings cannot be deemed improbable, it held.Statutory provisions providing for exemptions should be strictly construed and the burden of proving eligibility for the exemption is entirely upon the person claiming the exemption, the court observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16872812", "title": "Another vector species adds to dengue threat", "text": "CHENNAI: Another mosquito species that carries the dengue virus has been spotted in urban areas in the state, raising serious public health concerns amid a sudden spike in cases of the debilitating disease. Entomologists have reported the presence of equal numbers of Aedes albopictus in cities, a species usually found in forests, in addition to the Aedes aegypti that spreads dengue.There are approximately 3,500 species of mosquitoes. Most of these are vectors, or carriers, of pathogens that cause a variety of diseases including malaria, dengue, chikungunya , Japanese encephalitis and filariasis. Researchers at Centre of Disease in Medical Entomology (CDME) in Madurai, an ICMR institute, say they have spotted an equally high number of Aedes albopictus in cities across Tamil Nadu.\"Aedes albopictus was not uncommon, but today we see as many albopictus as aegypti,\" said CDME director B K Tyagi. Albopictus, also known as the Asian Tiger Mosquito, was till recently found only in forests, in bamboo stumps and tree holes. But the species has now moved into human habitat, earlier primarily the domain of aegypti.Scientists say albopictus is now competing with aegypti in urban areas and poses a major challenge to public health because of its adaptability. Containing albopictus is much more difficult because it grows both in natural and man-made containers.These two mosquitoes have made dengue, or break bone fever, an endemic disease in most southern states. \"There are cases of dengue in almost all districts in the southern states throughout the year,\" Tyagi said. \"It is no more a seasonal disease. And it's because we give mosquitoes a chance to breed during all seasons.\"The incidence of dengue has almost doubled in Tamil Nadu and increased four-fold in south India this year.Dengue, once a common urban disease, is rapidly spreading to rural areas. State chief entomologist S Sridharan says one of the primary causes is shortage of water in rural areas that forces people to store water in large containers. \"People allow mosquitoes to breed in their houses. Even when water is not stored in containers, water logging in the house or outside is enough for mosquitoes to multiply. Garbage can make the situation worse,\" Tyagi said.In a recent survey, CDME, found that dengue-carrying mosquitoes breed in rainwater that collects in empty coconut shells, used tyres, bottles and paper and polythene cups. \"The dengue mosquitoes don't fly too far and have a maximum range of only 100 metres from the breeding sites. It is important for people to keep their surroundings clean and free from potential breeding spots,\" said public health director R T Porkai Pandian.Doctors advise people, particularly children, to use mosquito repellents to prevent bites during the day.\"Aedes mosquitoes don't bite at night. So coils and nets may not be useful. I recommend repellent lotions to my patients,\" said Dr Bala Ramachandran of Kanchi Kamkoti Child Trust hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16871663", "title": "Trader caught with spurious food items", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ramol police rounded up a trader with a stock of spurious material used to adulterate ghee near Vastral on Thursday afternoon on the basis of a tip-off. Police informed the food and drugs department about the find.A team went to Radhe Complex in Vastral and busted an unnamed shop. \"The shop was rented by Dharemndrasinh Rajput, a Ramol resident, a few weeks back. When we raided the premises, it had 280 litres of ghee, 580 litres of butter and 760 litres of cream, the latter two are used to make the ghee. We got to know that the stock used was old and unhygienic. We have roped in food safety officials to investigate. If the report confirms that, a case will be registered. We believe the stock was being prepared for upcoming festivities,\" said C L Solanki, inspector of Ramol police station.On Tuesday, Zone I police officials raided a factory in Sola and nabbed three people for producing fake ghee. Kartik Patel, 26, Ajay Parmar, 20 and Jayanti Vaghela, 24 were arrested. Police recovered 200 kg of spurious ghee which was ready to be marketed. Apart from that, 120 kg of raw materials - soya oil, vegetable oil, butter and turmeric were also seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16870695", "title": "Richie Ramsay, James Morrison lead the way in Indian Open", "text": "BANGALORE: Predictions took a beating on the opening day as foreigners did well at the newest Indian Open venue that was expected to favour the locals. Although a handful of Indians figured prominently on the leaderboard, it was Scotsman Richie Ramsay and cricketer-turned-golfer James Morrison of England who ruled the roost on Thursday.At the par-71, 7,068-yard KGA course, which the foreigners raved about despite the challenges it posed, Morrison and Ramsay hit the front with identical five-under 66s in the $1.25 million Hero-Indian Open. Seven golfers, including India's Shiv Kapur, were a shot behind in tied third place.The crowd was right behind red-hot Gaganjeet Bhullar, who was coming into the tournament with two wins in the last one month and playing alongside Ryder Cup star Peter Hanson and Bangalore's Anirban Lahiri. Despite the wind gathering momentum, the 24-year-old didn't disappoint them as he stayed within striking distance of the leaders with a 68 under testing conditions to occupy the tied 10th spot.Hanson (70), despite some immaculate driving, struggled to read the greens. Lahiri too, under pressure to perform in front of his home crowd, shot 70 to be tied 22nd.There were no problems whatsoever for Morrison, who capitalized on the benign conditions in the morning for his 66. \"The course was a huge challenge, but I kept out of the roughs most of the day,\" Morrison said. \"There was also a tricky crosswind as the round progressed,\" he added.Although Ramsay dropped a shot on the ninth, his birdie blitz on the back nine powered him to the top. \"I played lovely on the back nine and hit it nicely on the last few holes but couldn't make my putts,\" Ramsay said. \"As long as you are hitting fairways, there are a lot of chances out there,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16871867", "title": "Suretech gets breather in anti-encroachment drive", "text": "NAGPUR: The anti-encroachment squad of Dhantoli zone deferred its demolition drive at Suretech Hospital on Wednesday after the hospital said it's revised building plan is pending with the NMC's town planning department.TOI had reported that the hospital has violated the sanctioned building plan. It had permission to construct ground plus three storeys but constructed a five-storeyed structure. Subsequently, the anti-encroachment squad served notice to the hospital to demolish the illegal construction or the department would initiate action.On Wednesday, the squad went to demolish the illegal construction. But Raju Deshmukh of the hospital informed the squad that the hospital had already submitted a revised plan to NMC's town planning department.Later, the squad moved towards Wardha Road and seized 12 two-wheelers parked illegally in a pay and park location between Panchsheel Square and Janata Chowk. The zone also removed encroachments near Cotton Market.Similarly, Lakadganj zone squad removed as many as 130 illegal hoardings from Hiwri Nagar, Wardhaman Nagar, Pardi Naka square, Telephone exchange, Santranjipura and other localities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16873109", "title": "Bike thieves' gang busted, 4 held", "text": "BHOPAL: Police on Thursday arrested four persons in connection with vehicle lifting and recovered 15 bikes worth around Rs 4 lakhs from their possession.Three of the accused identified as Faizan Ali, Asif Khan and Danish belong to Raisen district while the fourth accused Mohammad Anwar is from Jehangirabad. The gang of four was busted during a routine checking drive, said superintendent of police, Anshuman Singh.Faizan Ali, who is the kingpin of the gang, has a passion for bikes and always wanted to ride new models, the police added.The same passion drove him to lift vehicles. He would lift a bike with the master key and after riding it for some time, he would hand it over to the other three to sell it.The police said before lifting a bike, Faizan would take a round of the city to identify the bike that he wanted to ride. He generally operated in deserted areas and would also change the registration number of the bikes in a bid to minimize the possibility of getting nabbed, said town inspector Chandan Singh Surma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16872847", "title": "More underground drains for Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: The demand by people for an Underground Drainage (UGD) system in areas falling under the Trichy corporation is yet to become a reality. Corporation officials, however, say the project to lay a UGD for around 800 sq km is in the pipeline.Trichy corporation, which is one of the 10 corporations in the state, was made so 18 years ago, in 1994. Since then, it has encompassed 60 wards. During the last local body elections, the wards were increased to 65 following expansions.The total population of the corporation reached around 8 lakh. When it comes to infrastructure, more than 75% of the areas are not covered by a UGD system. Hence, residents and commercial establishments in those areas are struggling to discharge sewage.For instance, people in KK Nagar have to cough up thousands of rupees to a private sewage cleaning service.Unfortunately, many people cannot afford to spend on this service. Hence, sewage gets absorbed and stagnated in residential areas and the situation leads to spreading of water-borne diseases. This is the time people really panic about the spread of diseases like dengue.Corporation executive engineer (EE) R Chandran told TOI, \"We have sent a proposal to the government to get approval for laying a UGD for 800 sq km in the corporation. As of now, a UGD project for 300 sq km was taken up under the National Rural Access Project ( NRAP) and through loans from government organisations. Earlier, a UGD project had been started in 1980 in only municipality areas and in 2005, major parts of Srirangam were provided UGD system. Now, we have floated tenders to construct UGDs in the remaining parts of Srirangam.\"A resident, Mani Srinivasan, of KK Nagar lamented, \"We languish in an area that does not have even a normal drainage system to facilitate discharge of sewage. Trichy corporation should lay normal drainage pipes until the UGD project gets cleared in order to prevent diseases like dengue.\"Trichy corporation is also yet to benefit under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). S Arunachalam, EE, Trichy corporation, said, \"A corporation should have at least 10 lakh people to receive funds under JNNURM. Recently, the norms have been relaxed and corporations that have a 5- lakh population can be eligible. Hence, Trichy may be taken into consideration.\"Commenting on complaints against the corporation for not maintaining the existing UGD system, Chandran and Arunachalam blamed the public for allowing solid wastes into the drainage system. The people should also cooperate, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16872216", "title": "City Improvement Committee okays development plan for old city area", "text": "PUNE: The City Improvement Committee (CIC) of the PMC on finally approved the new development plan (DP) spanning 2007-2027 for the old city area with special provisions for the metro rail project, a transport hub, schemes for housing for the poor and cluster development of old dilapidated wadas.Opposition parties have accused the NCP and the Congress of \"manipulating\" the DP in favour of the builders lobby.Leader of the opposition in the PMC and MNS corporator Vasant More said, \"The CIC has approved a residential zone in Sangamwadi that should have been protected as a green belt. The panel also scrapped the hill top, hill slope zone in Bibvewadi. The ruling parties didn't allow opposition members in CIC to oppose these changes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16873402", "title": "\u2018Elite\u2019 bastions providing public services: UT", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Contrary to popular perception, UT administration has squarely held the three elite bastions, Chandigarh Club, Chandigarh Golf Association and Chandigarh Golf Club, to be rendering \"public services\" that entitles them at the same time to secure land on lease at highly subsidized rates. The administration has categorically stated that these clubs are thus, liable to provide RTI services to the public. This submission of the administration formed the basis for the Central Information Commission's (CIC) order bringing both the clubs under the purview of the RTI.These assertions emerged from the latest judgment of the CIC of October 8 bringing the golf club under the RTI. This judgment quoted at length from the written submissions of the administration in an earlier case of January 21, 2011, in the matter of Pradeep Bhanot vs Chandigarh Club. In fact, in its October 8 judgment, the CIC has held that the subsidized rent given by the golf club is a \"rare privilege conferred on the club in exclusion of others.\"The CIC order has been welcomed by golf club president and senior Punjab IAS officer, Gurinderjit Sandhu. \"There is nothing to worry about the RTI order. However, we have yet to receive a copy of the order from the CIC,\" Sandhu said. It was informed that bodies like Chandigarh Club are providing public service and while fixing the rate of rent in such bodies this aspect is taken into consideration. \"In view of the public services being provided by these bodies, the said bodies cannot be termed as commercial sites. The rent of Chandigarh Club was fixed at Rs 1,08,208 per month with effect from July 20, 2000, with annual increase of 5%. In case the Chandigarh Club is considered as a commercial site, then the rent will come out to be Rs 3,157, 400 per month. Keeping in view the urban character of the city, rent being charged from the Chandigarh Club is not at par with the market rent,\" the UT administration stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16873445", "title": "HC seeks record of SIC selection from Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday directed the Haryana government to produce the record of selection pertaining to appointment of Urvashi Gulati as State Information Commissioner (SIC), Haryana.The directions were passed by a division bench of HC comprising Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rakesh Kumar Jain while hearing an ongoing public interest litigation (PIL) filed by Sanjay Tyagi.When the matter came up before the bench, senior advocate M L Sareen, appearing for Gulati, strongly pleaded for dismissing the PIL on the ground that in a recent case of \"Namit Sharma\", the Supreme Court has laid down certain guidelines for appointment of state/Central information commissioners, while simultaneously observing that the directions pertaining to the procedure for making appointment of state/Central information commissioners shall apply with prospective effect.Contesting these contentions, the petitioner's counsel H C Arora argued that in this case the ACJ's bench had issued notice of motion to Haryana after perusing the file containing minutes of the statutory selection committee, which had recommended for appointment of Gulati as SIC. He further argued that one member of the selection committee, Om Prakash Chautala , leader of opposition in Haryana, had recorded a dissent note, wherein he had stated that neither was the agenda of meeting supplied to him before holding the meeting nor was any panel of names put up before the selection committee. Only Gulati's name was put up for consideration. Cahutala, therefore, had demanded by way of dissent note that the selection committee's meeting be held afresh after circulating agenda along with panel of names to be considered in such meeting. Arora pleaded that issue raised by the leader of opposition in his dissent note goes into the root cause of the matter and the selection and appointment of Gulati on the basis of aforesaid minutes of the selection committee cannot be said to be legal and fair.Justice Sikri directed Haryana to produce the record of selection pertaining to appointment of Gulati as SIC on the next date of hearing -- December 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16871439", "title": "West Bengal MD admission only on merit this year", "text": "KOLKATA: To the state health department, Kolkata was a \"remote area\" while Bardhaman, Howrah, Hooghly and North 24-Parganas, \"developed urban areas\" till the high court set aside the government notification on Thursday.The government had issued the weird notification on November 23, 2011, zoning the government hospitals and health centres under the rural and urban categories in which Kolkata fell under the rural category.The notification was made to streamline the government policy of giving weightage to hospital doctors applying for admission to the MD course.According to the notification, doctors working at MR Bangur or Baghajatin hospitals were entitled to a weightage in the entrance exam as they came in the 'rural category' while those working in district hospitals such as Hooghly, Nadia or Burdwan got less weightage because the hospitals they worked with have been categorised as \"urban and developed.\"Acting on a petition challenging the government notification, the division bench of Justice Subrokamal Mukherjee and Justice Harish Tandon set aside the government notification. The bench held that the notification was arbitrary because the government didn't clarify the grounds of clubbing some hospitals under the rural and remote area category.The high court directed the government to put the policy on hold for this year and complete the MD admission process, strictly on merit. However, the high court didn't dispute the government decision to give weightage to doctors working in rural and remote areas during admission to the MD course.The court asked the state health department to give effect to its policy only after it plugged loopholes in the notification.The petitioners preferred an appeal in the division bench after the government notification was upheld by the single judge.The notification was held as arbitrary because the govt didn't clarify why some hospitals were classified under rural category", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16872913", "title": "Allahabad High Court tells CBI to file counter-affidavit", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On a petition challenging the order of the Ghaziabad CBI court by which it had permitted CBI to file further evidence in Aarushi Talwar murder case, the Allahabad High Court on Thursday directed the CBI to file a counter affidavit.This order of CBI court, Ghaziabad has been challenged by Dr Nupur Talwar by filing an application in the high court under section 482. This order was passed by Justice Sunil Hali. The court fixed November 7 to hear this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16871139", "title": "Government wakes up late to name temple panel", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Three days after the festivities for Navaratri began atop the Indrakeeladhri hill, the state government named a jumbo festival committee to oversee the arrangements turning the whole affair into a farce. The appointment of the 51-member committee kicked up a controversy as it was packed with followers of local legislators and ruling party leaders.In the absence of a full-fledged governing body, the festival committee could have played a greater role had the government acted a little early. As Kanakadurga temple had been functioning without a committee for the last four years, the legislators and local MP Lagadapati Rajagopal had pressured chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy to name the governing body before the Navarati celebrations commenced. But, according to sources, differences between ruling Congress leaders and endowments minister C Ramachandraiah led to the delay in the appointment of the committee.The CM had agreed to clear the file pertaining to the temple committee if a consensus was arrived at. Lagadapati is believed to have forwarded a list but Ramachandraiah objected to the appointment of the governing board in a hurried manner as he wanted to scrutinize all the names before naming the board. Instead, he suggested that the MP send a list of names for constituting a festival committee. District in-charge minister K Pardhasarathy forwarded the final list to Ramachandraiah on Tuesday. While the governing board has powers, the festival committee is only a supervisory body without any powers.\"Any committee could have been of help had it been named before to beginning of the festival days. They named the committee only to appease their party cadres,\" criticised TDP district chief Devineni Umamaheswara Rao.Sources said the temple officials communicated to the committee members about their appointment over phone on Wednesday evening and suggested that they attend the first meeting on Thursday. The temple executive officer Raghunath said the government wanted to appoint the committee a fortnight ago but it was delayed due to unknown reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16872465", "title": "HC to news channel: Give details of anomalies in Zakir Hussain Trust", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Thursday issued a notice to a television news channel to produce documents and records about alleged anomalies in the functioning of an NGO \u2014 Dr Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust \u2014 run by Union law minister Salman Khurshid and his wife Louise. The HC asked the TV channel to furnish all records in its possession directly or indirectly related to the case. The next hearing is on October 30.\"In the premises when all allegations and averments made in the PIL appear to be based on news items as telecast by Aaj Tak and further that there is also an allegation that the channel is behind filing of the instant PIL, we would like to issue notice,\" said a division bench comprising Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice Satish Chandra. They were hearing the PIL which sought direction for the UP government to lodge FIR against alleged anomalies that deprived the handicapped.Additional solicitor general Vivek Tankha raised preliminary objections to the maintainability of the PIL. The petitioner had not probed or done homework before filing the PIL, he said. In almost all paragraphs of the PIL, the petitioner referred to news items telecast by the channel. So, it appears to be a proxy petition at the behest of the news channel, said Tankha.In the entire petition, one or other public functionary was referred to by name, which prima facie gave an impression that the news items were only designed to malign and scandalise them. The central and state governments are conducting fact-finding inquiries. So, there was no occasion for the petitioner to rush and file the PIL without collecting relevant material, if any, in support of her pleadings, Tankha said.The PIL filed by Nutan Thakur demanded probe into alleged anomalies monitored by the court. The allegations were based on those aired by the news channel which claimed the trust owned and controlled by Khurshid and his wife misappropriated about Rs 71.5 lakh fund obtained by producing fake documents in 2009-10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16872029", "title": "Mysore \u2018Gombes\u2019 add flavour to local Dasara", "text": "MANGALORE: A slice of Mysore Dasara and traditions connected with it is on display for five days from October 19 courtesy Nammavaru, an association of Brahmins of old Mysore region residing here. While the organization has been in existence for the past 18 years, it is only in the last few years that Nammavaru has come out actively to promote traditions connected with Dasara and introduce it to the local population.M S Gururaj, organizing secretary of Nammavaru, told reporters here on Thursday that worshipping dolls on all days on Dasara is a time-tested tradition in homes in old Mysore region. Stating that this reflects the life style of people of the region, Gururaj said, \"We seek to introduce this culture to people of coastal region, who have their own culture.\"The 115-odd families from old Mysore, who have settled here, have come together to display more than 700 dolls at Sri Raghavendra Swami Math. The dolls, open for public viewing from 5 pm on Friday, will give people a quick insight into the lifestyle of people of old Mysore region, its rural environment, Chamundeshwari Hills and its sylvan surroundings, as well as dolls depicting 10 incarnations of Lord Vishnu, he said adding that replica of Mantralaya Sri Raghavendra Swamy mutt will be the added attraction this year.Special puja is to be offered to the dolls each evening on all the five days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "pissurlem", "code": "16872443", "title": "Mines drain Panshe tribals' water", "text": "PISSURLEM: A neat wooden fence framing a low, tiled-roof mud house, two cows loitering playfully with their calf around the structure and a glossy canopy of green plantations that run into several hectares-the middle-aged Ramnath Panshekar seems to possess everything a tribal might ask for in his native Panshe village in Pissurlem of Sattari taluka.The only thing amiss is that there are no natural streams nourishing the plantations that run into several kilometres, the cattle or even the tribal family of three. Instead, two blue barrels at the gate of the humble abode are the weak foundation that the family stands upon. It is of little surprise then that parched soil struggles to hold together the loosening roots of coconut and areca nut trees in the plantations.Yes, a local stream passes through the village, but its flow is feeble even as it winds through the plantations. There is also a network of water pipelines running through the village, but these have been dry from the day they were laid, almost seven years ago.\"Tapped water is a distant dream for us,\" said local Ramesh Gaude. The first pipeline rusted away over the years and the present pipes were laid the second time around, he explained. \"We have even approached the legislators from this area, but the taps stay dry.\"The 60 families in this interior North Goa village rely entirely on the six water tankers supplied by the mine owners. Ramnath explained how everyday, between 6am and 7am, every household waits with bated breath, invoking the goddess Shantadurga to ensure the tankers reach them. With the sharp sword of uncertainty hanging over mining, the unthinkable can occur any day now.\"When mining is on, our stream is blood red with mining silt,\" said Ramnath, \"Our wells have dried up over the years and since the last few years we are being supplied water by the company mining ore in our village.\"When locals complained about the water source being affected by mining, the company sent two tankers. \"We fought for six saying two can never suffice for 800 villagers,\" Ramnath said.He complains bitterly about having to struggle to get his cattle bathed with only enough water available for them to drink. \"If one of the cows tips over a barrel by accident on a bad day, we can barely complete our household tasks and have to wait for the tankers to arrive the next day,\" Ramnath sighed.Only 200 m from the tribals' homes are the deep-stepped wells of red mining pits with groundwater exposed. The water table that injects life into the village streams and wells has been pumped out for ore extraction activity.\"We petitioned the village panchayat to get the water being pumped out from the mine to be diverted into the village. But the water is being pumped out at the other end of the village into the Pale border,\" said Pissurlem panch Laxman Gaude.Pointing to the deeper recesses of the village he claimed there's a storeroom where explosives used in the mines are kept. \"The structure doesn't even exist in our village panchayat records,\" said Laxman.The villagers receive 40 paise per meter of their fertile land as compensation from the mine owners. This amounts to a negligible Rs 2,000 a year, Ramesh said.He recalled how the villagers would grow coconut, areca nut, spices, pineapple, local rice varieties, ragi and other grains in terraced hilly areas. But the mining area kept widening and locals now buy the same produce from the Pale or Ponda markets. \"We are still waiting for promises of compensation to be realized,\" said Ramesh.Ramnath summed up, \"Our youngsters are employed in small-time jobs at the mines, but on temporary basis. Our cashew plants refuse to yield fruit. Our fields are useless with the soil suffocating under silt. The plantations are waiting to be watered. It drives me mad to look at the fields we used to till. But what can we do? We definitely cannot take the law into our hands!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16872301", "title": "E Sreedharan exceeding brief as DMRC advisor?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has raised a vigilance issue over the extent to which Delhi Metro chief Mangu Singh had delegated powers to his predecessor E Sreedharan in his post-retirement capacity as \"principal advisor\". This is because, apparently exceeding his designated role, Sreedharan himself made proposals on behalf of Delhi Metro to take up project works in Kerala \"without going through the process of market discovery and open tender\".The decision-making powers assumed by Sreedharan prompted the Kerala government to ask the Centre on September 26 whether the board of directors of Delhi Metro had actually authorised him to \"commit its resources\" to Kochi Metro and other projects in the state. This brought into focus an order passed by Mangu Singh in March delegating Sreedharan with \"full powers\" with regard to projects in Kerala, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu where Delhi Metro is a consultant.On October 9, the urban development ministry asked the chief vigilance officer of Delhi Metro, S C Jindal, to clarify whether such delegation of powers to Sreedharan was in tune with the guidelines of the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC). Two days later, Jindal wrote back to the ministry saying that there was no CVC guideline in this regard.Defending the delegation of powers to Sreedharan, Jindal said that it was meant to \"facilitate timely completion of Kochi Metro project which is likely to be executed by Delhi Metro.\" He added that the powers delegated to Sreedharan were merely for \"day to day working\" and that \"all major decisions like tendering and recruitment are to be from the corporate headquarters\".Interestingly, on October 11, the very day Jindal wrote in his defence to the Centre, Sreedharan wrote to the chief of Kochi Metro, Elias George, making no bones about his authority to speak for Delhi Metro. Virtually serving an ultimatum on Kochi Metro, Sreedharan said that if it did not decide to hand over the work to Delhi Metro by its next board meeting on October 19, \"we would like to withdraw from this work altogether\".Adding for good measure, Sreedharan said: \"I want to make it very clear that Delhi Metro is not at all eager to take over Kochi Metro work. It is Kerala Government and particularly the chief minister who are keen that Delhi Metro handles this work.\" This was a broad reference to reports that the IAS lobby was trying to come in his way.As regards the vigilance issue, Sreedharan said: \"I now understand you are also having reservations in regard to Kochi Metro project being entrusted to Delhi Metro on the plea that it is against CVC guidelines.\" Conceding that the Kochi Metro board was \"the competent authority to decide such matters\", Delhi Metro's principal advisor said that there were a number of instances where \"government works have been handed over to another government agency on nomination basis\", without inviting bids from others.The Centre is however unconvinced with the justifications provided by Delhi Metro and Sreedharan for the unusual arrangement between them. According to a file noting of the urban development ministry dated October 15, \"Since delegation of such vast powers to Sreedharan is a very important decision, it is not clear from the information received from the chief vigilance officer, Delhi Metro, whether the delegation of powers to Sreedharan was reported to the board.\"The validity of the delegation hinges on a resolution passed in 1998 under which any important decision taken by the Delhi Metro chief is required to be ratified at the very next meeting of the board. The uncertainty expressed by the Centre over the compliance of this stipulation is significant, given that the chairman of the board is none other than the urban development secretary, Sudhir Krishna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16873084", "title": "Now, safety clearance mandatory for mines", "text": "JAIPUR: It could be tough times for mine owners who have not received safety clearance from the state's Director General of Mines Safety (DGMS). A recent directive by the department has sought suitable measures for ensuring that all mines apply for the mandatory clearance soon.Sudhanshu Pant, principal secretary, department of mines and petroleum, has written to the director of the mines and geology department urging him to initiate measures so that all operation mines gets the clearance from DGMS within a month.\"It should also be ensured that those mines which have been served notices by the DGMS for non-compliance of safety measures either take suitable measures for fulfilling the norms or suitable action is taken again them by the department,\" the principle secretary's letter.Sources said among the action that could be taken against these mines is non-issuance of the challan, a mandatory form necessary for the movement of mined minerals from its source to its destination.\"It is mandatory as per the Mines Act 1952, for all mines to get a safety clearance from the DGMS before starting operations. The safety clearance is a check for ensuring that conditions in the mines are conducible for those working in it. But records show that as against 26,000 mines operating in the state only about 3,207 have taken the clearance,\" said Rana Sengupta, managing trustee, Mine Labour Protection Campaign (MLPC), who have been spearheading the cause.\"In the event that DGMS, on an inspection, finds that a mine has not taken the clearance, it can either impose a penalty or stop the mining operations completely. But the loophole lies in the fact that the DGMS does not have a police force of its own too initiate such actions. Mine owners take advantage of this fact and continue operations even after such notices. To plug this menace, the DGMS has been issuing copies of notices served to mine owners to the director of mines and geology for suitable action. But the mines and geology department has not done anything in this respect and this is what Sudhashu Pant's letter has sought,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16870836", "title": "Centre lines up cricket feast for Kashmiri youth", "text": "NEW DELHI: After two relatively peaceful summers in Jammu and Kashmir, the Centre has lined up a likely treat for the state's cricket enthusiasts next season: an exhibition match between the J&K; state team and an Indian Premier League (IPL) team. The match may be held at the Sher-e-Kashmir cricket stadium in Srinagar, before or after the IPL-6 in March-April, 2013.Sources said the Centre and J&K; government are in touch with IPL to organize some \"high-octane\" cricket action for the Kashmiri youth, till now used to watching international cricket stars only on TV. Incidentally, the last international match at the Sher-e-Kashmir stadium -- between India and Australia -- was held way back in 1986.The exhibition match with IPL is being planned as part of the Centre's policy to promote sports as a recreational activity among young Kashmiris, who unfortunately do not have the option of spending their idle time at cinema halls or glitzy malls. The idea is to keep the young, impressionable population of J&K; gainfully engaged, as this would mean less potential recruits for the militant outfits active in the state.The exhibition match with an IPL side is an extension of the sports promotion initiative taken up earlier in September. \"The thrill of watching their state team beat India's premier football club on home ground was a big morale booster for the people of J&K;, particularly the young who are now showing a keen interest in sports,\" said a senior MHA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16872869", "title": "Roads near temples see traffic snarls", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With large number of devotees visiting the city temples during Navaratra, there has been an increase in the traffic rush on the roads leading to three main temples - Kalyani Devi, Alopidevi and Lalita Devi.In wake of the rush, traffic police have deployed more sub-inspectors, constables and home guards to ease the congestion on the roads. Traffic police have also sought cooperation from masses to prevent jams. A traffic policeman said there is more crowd on the streets during morning and evening hours. He added that traffic diversions and restrictions on vehicular movement on different routes have been planned and they will come into effect from the fifth and seventh Navaratra.With the beginning of festive season, a sudden influx of vehicles from neighbouring districts as well as states had started which increased the traffic load, claimed the traffic police. Traffic inspector IP Singh said elaborate traffic arrangements have been made in view of festive season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16871093", "title": "Telangana Joint Action Comm calls for boycott of Nov 1 celebrations", "text": "Declaring November 1 as a 'Day of Revolt' (Vidrohi Dinam), the Telangana Joint Action Committee (T-JAC) on Thursday in Hyderabad called upon the T-ministers to boycott the state formation day observed on this day. The steering committee of T-JAC, which met at the office of TNGO (Telangana Non-government Officers), resolved to ask the ministers not to attend any government function on November 1. The committee also appealed to the students to not participate in the state celebrations and called upon the people of the region to observe 'Black Day' on the occasion.tnn\"Apart from protesting the government's procrastination on Telangana, we want to demonstrate our anguish against filing of cases against Telangana activists by the police. While demanding the government to take back the cases, the T-JAC has decided to observe November 1 as Vidrohi Dinam,\" said Prof M Kodandaram, chairman of T-JAC.The T-JAC also demanded that TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu and YSR Congress leader YS Sharmila, both of whom have embarked on a statewide walkathon, to clarify their stand on Telangana before entering the region lest they would be greeted with protests.Naidu, who started his padayatra on October 2 from Hindupur in Rayalaseema, is now travelling in Kurnool and expected to enter Mahbubnagar in Telangana next week. Sharmila started her yarta on foot on Thursday from Idupulapaya in Kadapa.\"We have decided to ask these two leaders to clear their stand on Telangana before they enter the region,\" said V Srinivasa Goud, secretary of Telangana Employees JAC.While it was expected the steering committee to be convened in the presence of TRS president K Chadrashekar Rao, the absence of the party leaders in Thursday's meeting was conspicuous. As this puts water on the speculations that the KCR and Kodandaram, who were at loggerheads, mending fences, T-JAC leaders said the TRS leaders would attend the subsequent meetings when the long term plans for the agitation would be discussed. \"Thursday's meeting was focused on plans for November 1, and no political parties were invited. The TRS along with BJP, CPI and New Democracy Party will attend the next meetings,\" said Srinivasa Goud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16872420", "title": "Students' union election held at Gauhati University", "text": "GUWAHATI: Out of 3,281 students, only 1,514 exercised their votes in the annual Post Graduate Students' Union election at Gauhati University on Thursday. The low turnout has been attributed to the onset of the festive season and the Kati Bihu holiday thrown in between as most students, living in other parts of the state and outside the state, left for their homes.Sanju Baruah, a RCC1 hostel boarder, Dipankar Bora, a RCC2 hostel boarder and Abhijit Doley an AT 8 hostel boarder contested for the post of the general secretary. Mrigendra Narayan Barman and Parama Deori contested for the post of assistant general secretary, while Himangshu Medhi, Hirenya Deb Adhikari and Janardan Patar contested for the vice presidential post.Six candidates were elected to the secretarial posts of boys' common room, social service, general sports, major sports, minor sports and gymnasium uncontested. The result for the election will be announced on October 19.\"If I get elected, I will make sure that bus services for the students are resumed,\" said Sanju Baruah, a candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16872984", "title": "Chance for Sachin Tendulkar to break Sunil Gavaskar's domestic record", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sachin Tendulkar's decision to make a rare appearance in domestic cricket has sent the pulse of statistics-minded cricket fans racing in the hope that the master batsman may after all have a chance to overhaul two long-standing first-class records in India.Tendulkar is just four centuries away from overtaking Sunil Gavaskar's Indian record of 81 first-class centuries and 1,383 runs from becoming the highest first-class run-getter in the country. But time is fast running out for Tendulkar.Tendulkar holds almost all records in Tests and One-dayers, but he trails Gavaskar as far as records in first-class cricket are concerned. Gavaskar played 348 first class matches in which he aggregated 25,843 runs and collected 81 centuries, a record for an Indian batsman.Tendulkar in 294 first-class games, which also includes 190 Test matches, has 24,452 runs and 78 centuries, second behind Gavaskar.Tendulkar himself realises he doesn't have much cricket left in him, possibly a dozen or so Test matches. Probably, one would expect him to retire after he completes a double century of Test matches some time next year. Currently he stands at 190 and has eight Test matches lined up before he turns 40 next April.In that limited time, will he be able to garner four more centuries and 1382 runs? That will enable him to retire as the highest century-maker and run-getter in first-class cricket in India, besides being the highest run-getter in Tests and ODIs in the world.Of late, centuries are hard to come by for Tendulkar who has just one Test century in last two years and his last first-class ton came against Saurashtra in the Ranji Trophy semifinal in January 2009. The subsequent final against Uttar Pradesh was his last domestic appearance in three years.Tendulkar hardly plays first-class games other than Tests in the hope that he can preserve his body a bit longer. He has even semi-retired from the ODI format. The biggest question now in is: Will the impeding first-class record motivate him to step more often onto the dusty pitches on which domestic cricket is played? That, only time will tell.The Legends In Numbers...Tendulkar has 51 centuries in Tests and 27 centuries in other first-class cricket, and currently stands at 78, second behind Gavaskar in the Indian list.Gavaskar finished with 34 Test centuries in 125 Tests and 47 centuries in 223 other first- class games for a grand tally of 81 centuries in 348 first class games, which also include Test matches.Tendulkar has 51 centuries in 190 Tests and 27 tons in 104 other first class matches for a total of 78 centuries in 277 matches.Gavaskar had only 35 international centuries: 34 in Tests and one in ODIs, to Tendulkar's 100, 51 in Tests and 49 in ODIs.Gavaskar played only 108 ODIs for an aggregate of 3092 runs, Tendulkar has played a phenomenal 490 games and has 15550 runs to his credit.Gavaskar has 13214 runs in 233 international games (125 tests and 108 ODIs) Tendulkar has 33959 runs in 63 international matches (190 tests and 463 ODIS)Tendulkar's 78 centuries: 51 in Tests, 16 in Ranji Trophy, 1 for Mumbai in tour match against the Australians, 3 for West Zone in Duleep Trophy, 5 for Indians in overseas tour matches, 1 for Rest of India in Irani Cup and 1 for Yorkshire in county cricket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16871031", "title": "Enforcement Directorate freezes Satyam deposits worth 822crore", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a significant order under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA), the Enforcement Directorate (ED) on Thursday identified Rs 822 crore lying with Mahindra Satyam (formerly Satyam Computer Services ), as 'proceeds of crime' committed by B Ramalinga Raju and associates. The money was attached by the agency in a move that comes as a jolt to Mahindra Satyam.These funds, kept by Mahindra Satyam (MSat) in the form of fixed deposits (FDs) with Andhra Bank (Rs 234 crore), ING Vysya Bank (Rs 188 crore), IDBI Bank (Rs 166 crore) as well as Bank of Baroda (Rs 234 crore), stood attached from Thursday morning after ED authorities served the orders to the relevant banks and the company.N Sridhar, joint director of the Hyderabad zone of ED, told TOI that the current attachment is a provisional one and that they will now be filing a complaint before the adjudicating authority constituted under the PMLA for confirmation of the same. On confirmation, the money will be confiscated.When contacted, Mahindra Satyam chairman Vineet Nayyar told TOI, refused to comment on the order, saying they were yet to look at it.\"We will have to look at the order. We will have it examined legally. We need to see how Mahindra Satyam is liable for the actions of Raju. We are looking for a clarification to establish our linkage and that of our money with what Raju did.\" Nayyar told TOI.The attachment of the Rs 822-crore FDs is a setback for Mahindra Satyam as it makes a major dent in the company's cash reserves of over Rs 3,000 crore as of June 30, 2012.The latest ED attachment also throws some legal light on the subject, making it clear that the current possessor of the proceeds of crime need not be the prime accused in the criminal case pertaining to the scheduled offence. The prime accused in the case, disgraced Satyam founder chairman B Ramalinga Raju, is currently facing trial in the CBI case that has charged him with falsification of accounts, criminal conspiracy, inflation of company's accounts and offloading of his shares at an opportune time to make good of the inflated and artificial environment he created as part of the Satyam scam. The Satyam case, being probed by the CBI, is currently in the final stages of hearing in the trial court and Ramalinga Raju is out on bail.Explaining the modus operandi of the Satyam scam, ED authorities said the Satyam shares held by the Raju family - B Ramalinga Raju, his wife Nandini Raju, Rama Raju (brother of Ramalinga Raju) and his wife Radha Raju, were first transferred to their family company M/s SRSR Holdings Pvt Ltd.Since the Satyam shares had an inflated value of around Rs 700 per share between 2006 and 2008 thanks to Raju's falsification of accounts that projected a rosy financial picture of the company, the family company in turn pledged these shares with several non-banking financial companies like DSP Merrill Lynch , Deutsche Bank , IFCI, Sicom, Birla Sunlife, IL&FS;, ICICI Prudential and GE Capital to procure loans to the tune of Rs 2171 crore.Then, the ED authorities said, the 327 front companies floated by Ramalinga Raju, his relatives and associates entered the picture and circuitously transferred the loan monies among these companies to create a complex web of transactions to disguise the true source of funds. This was done by transferring the money from the account of one company into another company's account.These front companies then started buying properties in AP, Karnataka, Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu with the scam money. ED had earlier already attached 354 such properties whose book value was shown at Rs 250 crore.ED's tracking of the trail of this scam money also led them to Satyam Computers (currently Mahindra Satyam). Out of the total 270 transactions, 150 transactions were directly connected to the journey of money from front companies to Satyam Computers. The authorities found that a sum of Rs 822 crore went to Satyam Computers from some of the front companies during Ramalinga Raju's regime and were used for day-to-day expenses like payment of salaries etc (probably to live up to the inflated environment Raju created as part of the scam).In fact, the petition filed by some of the front companies in the Hyderabad city civil court against the Mahindra Satyam management seeking refund of their monies is awaiting adjudication by the court.News of the ED attachment sent the Mahindra Satyam scrip sliding by over 2.6% on the Bombay Stock Exchange on Thursday, but it later recovered to close 1% down at Rs 109 a share.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16873201", "title": "Axiata not to change 20% stake in Idea Cellular", "text": "MUMBAI: Malaysian telecoms major Axiata group will not make any fresh investments in the Indian telecom space currently marred by regulatory uncertainty and slowing growth. Axiata, which has about 20% stake in Idea Cellular, will not disturb its holding but will work with the management of the Aditya Birla company to help it build scale, said James Maclaurin, Group CFO, Axiata Berhad.Axiata's interest in Idea Cellular has been a matter of speculation in recent years, with reports suggesting that it would quit the local telco if not allowed to raise its stake. Aditya Birla group holds majority shares in India's third largest private mobile operator by revenue. Axiata has already made a $2 billion investment in the country and has board representation in Idea Cellular.\"I have this whole big chunk of investment on the balance sheet that is not performing - but what can you do? If we sell out now we take a huge hit, if we hang in there could be more regulatory issues that may create more uncertainty. But we need to be calm and patient, and work with the Idea management and provide them more scale through our other operations. Over time value will be created,\" Maclaurin told TOI on the sidelines of a telecoms conference.He said Axiata's long-term aspirations for India were aligned with that of the Aditya Birla group. \"I think we are a long term investor, and we know it will take time but hopefully we will get there. If you look at the prevailing share price against what we paid, it will be a long haul,\" Maclaurin said, while adding that Axiata was happy with the Idea's performance here.Maclaurin said Axiata's scale in the Southeast Asian region may be of help to Idea specially in the data business without elaborating on the kind of synergies the two operators will strike.\"We have got around 4-6 million subscribers in Indonesia , about 12 million in Malaysia. So if there is any way to build a bit of scale for Idea it would be great.. Our businesses are more developed on the data penetration side having been present in high growth data markets such as Indonesia. So there are mistakes that we have made that Idea can learn from. On the procurement side as well some leverage can be gained. We have been talking and discussing with the Idea management,\" Maclaurin said.Maclaurin said India's apex court order in February this year cancelling 122 mobile permits and the compulsory refarming of 900 MHZ spectrum has impacted their plans for the country. \"You cannot expect investors to be writing blank cheques and buying in to the uncertainty. However, we are pleased that there is more clarity now,\" he said. On Wednesday, the Telecom Commission recommended that incumbent GSM operators including Bharti Airtel, Vodafone, BSNL and Idea Cellular give up all spectrum in the 900 MHz band when their licences are up for renewal in 2014 which is expected to severely hit these operators on the cost front.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16875618", "title": "Refer a friend to Facebook and win Rs 50 talk time", "text": "HYDERABAD: Social networking site Facebook is offering mobile talk time worth Rs 50 to new 'selective' users coming through referrals in India, a senior company official said.Kevin D'Souza, Country Growth Manager, Facebook, said the initiative has been taken on a pilot basis and the amount of recharge varies from user to user and place to place.To a query on whether this is for users who are coming through referrals, he said: \"Yes. It is for users coming through referrals.\"\"We keep on trying new things. Because we do not know what will work. This is one of the tests. Just to get a feel of it, this particular test is being done in India,\" D'Souza said in a press conference.\"It is currently evolving with multiple pricing strategies. Different telecom carriers have different Facebook plans,\" he added, without elaborating further.According to Facebook's mobile version talk time promotion page, after registration a user has to provide his mobile number to get Rs 50 free talktime and also the mobile number of the individual who may have referred him/her.\"Once you sign up and confirm your account, you will receive the talktime within three days,\" Facebook said.\"Facebook reserves the right to discontinue this service at any time without notice. Talktime rewards earned before this service is discontinued will be credited as appropriate,\" the company added.To a query on Facebook access in Jammu and Kashmir, Kirthiga Reddy, Director - Online Operations, Facebook India refused to comment saying that the4 company always respects local laws.\"We cannot comment on specific situation. But we will say that our approach in such a situation is always to respect local laws,\" Reddy said.Facebook makes sure that the content on the site is in accordance with terms and policies, she added.Recently, reports said the Jammu and Kashmir government had directed internet service providers to block 'Youtube' and 'Facebook' if needed, to ensure that a controversial film deemed offensive to Islam was not accessible to subscribers in the state.Reddy said the Facebook user base in India has grown to 65 million from barely eight million two years ago, making it a strong platform for marketers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16870956", "title": "IGI neighbours object to lowering of Shiv statue", "text": "NEW DELHI: While work is still to start on the lowering of the Shiv Murti near the new runway of the IGI airport, residents of Vasant Vihar and the management of the Indian Spinal Injuries Centre have raised objections to the expected rise in noise pollution with the step.Once the statue is lowered, aircraft will have an additional 500 m or so available from the Vasant Kunj side for landing which also means that they will start their descent a little earlier. The height of the Shiv Murti had rendered the new runway, technically the longest in Asia, unusable by a third.Vasant Vihar residents had filed a case in court against noise pollution from landing aircraft and the court had directed Airports Authority of India to take measures to reduce noise in the area.Subsequently, a system was devised in which the main and new runways are being used alternately for arrival and departure at night in two shifts. The timings are also reversed for the runways each week \"to ensure that no particular area has to bear the brunt of aircraft noise\", said an airport official. \"For instance, if the new runway is used for arrivals between 11pm and 3am this week and for departures between 3am and 7am, the order will be reversed in the next week.\"However, residents of Vasant Vihar say that if noise pollution is high despite these measures, once the Shiv Murti is lowered, it will be much higher. \"We were told that old noisy aircraft would be phased out but that has not happened yet. The government is not even thinking of implementing night curfew which is in place in foreign countries. The patients coming to this hospital suffer the most, especially those in ICU. Once the aircraft start flying lower, noise will also go up and vibrations will also increase,\" said Major H P S Ahluwalia, chairman, ISIC.Residents claim that aircraft landing on runway 29 will fly almost 40 feet lower than before, resulting in substantial increase in noise in the entire Vasant Kunj area which comes under the landing funnel.\"It is expected that the intensity of aircraft noise pollution would increase in Vasant Kunj and Rangpuri by over 50% due to the reduced height at which the aircrafts shall fly over these areas. The current aircraft noise is above the limits set by the Central Pollution Control Board for 'residential' and 'silence' zones and the noise mitigation case is pending before the Delhi high court. There is also the issue of carbon fall, air pollutants that are emitted by the aircraft which will fall directly into the residential area,\" said a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16872310", "title": "Health department, FDA start inspection of medical stores", "text": "PANAJI: The health department and food and drugs administration have started inspections of medical stores across the state to verify if chemists are selling narcotic drugs without prescriptions, SP (ANC) O P Mishra said.The anti-narcotic task forces meeting will be held on Wednesday to share intelligence on drug trafficking and discuss ways to curb menace during the tourists season.Speaking to mediapersons Mishra said that the health department and FDA have started checking drugs normally supplied at chemist shops which are available on prescription. The meeting was attended by the representatives of the health department, customs, excise department and narcotic bureau director from Mumbai Rohit Katyal.Mishra also said that they discussed a collective action plan to curb the use of drugs in the state", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16872054", "title": "Govt panel wants curbs on phone taps", "text": "NEW DELHI: A government-appointed panel on Thursday recommended several measures, including guidelines on interception of telephonic conversations, video and audio recordings, use and storage of data as well as setting up of dispute resolution entities at Centre and state-level to protect the privacy of individuals.The group led by former Delhi High Court chief justice A P Shah was set up by the Planning Commission to identify privacy issues and prepare a document to facilitate the proposed Privacy Act.The group was set after concerns were raised about the impact on privacy of individuals with the emergence of several national programmes such as Unique Identification number, NATGRID, DNA profiling, Reproductive Rights of Women , privileged communications and brain mapping, most of which will be implemented through information and communication technology (ICT) platforms.The panel recommended that reasons for interception must be specified and be recorded in writing and the provisions establish conditions for authorization by the competent authority. It said that all interceptions can be in force for 60 days and renewed for not more than 180 days. The panel said records of interception be destroyed by the security agencies after six months or nine months and service providers must destroy records after two months or six months. It also said that intermediaries must provide an internal check to ensure the security, confidentiality and privacy of intercepted material, and intermediaries would be held legally responsible for any unauthorized access or disclosure of intercepted materials.The panel said the proposed Act should extend the right of privacy to individuals and bring under its regulation data controllers, which includes all corporates, public/ governmental bodies and organizations. Minister of State for Planning Ashwani Kumar said, \"The group has evaluated what is happening in the other country and what is the constitutional position in India... how imperatives of national security and right to privacy of individual can be harmonized.\"It said the Act should clarify that publication of personal data for artistic and journalistic purposes in public interest, use of personal information for household purposes and disclosure of information as required by the RTI Act should not constitute an \"infringement of privacy\".The proposed Privacy Act should also articulate national privacy principles. The principles will extend and be binding to all private/ public data controllers. It said the principles must establish safeguards and procedures over the collection, processing, storage, retention, access, disclosure, destruction of sensitive personal information, personal identifiable information and identifiable information.The Act should establish the Central office of the privacy commissioner , regional level privacy commissioner, self regulating organizations at the industry level and data controllers and privacy officers if required at the organization level, the report recommended.The panel also recommended that the infringement of any provision under the Act should constitute as an \"offence\" and individuals may seek \"compensation\" from organizations/ bodies held accountable.The group agreed that any proposed framework for privacy legislation must be technologically neutral and interoperable with international standards. \"Specifically, the Privacy Act should not make any reference to specific technologies and must be generic enough such that principle and enforcement mechanisms adaptable to changes in society, the market place, technology and government,\" the report said.It recommended that any individual or public/ private organization using video and audio recording equipment should be bound to do so in compliance with the national privacy principles. Currently, in India, the use of audio and video recording devices is unregulated although there have been attempts to address the use of these devices.The panel said individuals using these devices must be accountable to an overseeing body to ensure that the circumstances are \"exceptional\" and that use of the devices are \"not abused\". It recommended that recorded information must be secured to ensure that unauthorized use and disclosure does not take place. Collected information pertaining only to the exceptional circumstances should be collected. \"If an individual is recorded, the individual should be notified after the investigation, exposure is completed,\" the committee said.It said in the context recording devices being built into widely available technologies, manufacturers may be required to build the privacy principle of purpose limitation into the design of technologies through features that only allow the technology to be used in a specific manner. It should not be possible for users to turn these features off.The Justice Shah panel was set up after differences surfaced over the Privacy Bill between various ministries. The committee was constituted to take a call on the draft Bill prepared by the department of personnel and training (DoPT.) After the leak of taped conversations among corporate lobbyist Niira Radia , business leaders and journalists, the government had expanded the scope of the Bill to include provisions on lawful interception, surveillance and illegal commercial communication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16873466", "title": "Sportspersons have no place to stay in Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city is a regular venue for state-level sporting events and national coaching camps. However, lack of accommodation is proving to be a costly and a bothersome problem for the sports department, as well as other sports associations.Ludhiana's sports department has no hostel under its control, or any other kind of accommodation for players or officials. The only hostel behind the Multipurpose Indoor Hall, Guru Nanak Dev Stadium was allotted to the Sports Authority of India four years ago.Due to this reason, players attending the ongoing camp in Ludhiana for the Kabaddi Asia Cup to be held in Lahore next month have been given accommodations at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU). This will cost the sports department around Rs 1 lakh since each room in Parker house, PAU, costs Rs 400 per night. Two coaches and 24 players are attending the 23-day camp.With high-level events in the offing \u2014 Kabaddi World Cup and the Senior Nationals Basketball (Men and Women) in December \u2014 the sports department has been facing criticism.General secretary of the Punjab Basketball Association Teja Singh Dhaliwal said, \"Games are drawing closer and we have to accommodate all players and coaches in hotels. Accommodation has always been a major problem in Ludhiana, which otherwise provides great sports infrastructure.\"District sports officer Kartar Singh said he is working on a proposal to build rooms for the sportspersons and officials at the Guru Nanak Dev Stadium. \"The proposal is to construct rooms under Block-D, which is opposite the main Block. We are figuring out estimates for the project. Probably, 10 rooms can be made there. I will be meeting with the SDO in a few days and would then send the proposal to the head office,\" Kartar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16873381", "title": "Businessman\u2019s murder: Three found guilty", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Vadakara additional sessions court has found guilty three accused in the murder of businessman Abdul Kareem , who was killed on the Thamarassery pass on February 11, 2006.The judge C K Somarajan, on Thursday, acquitted three accused as the prosecution failed to prove the charges of conspiracy against them. Those found guilty are Roni Thomas (Ernakulam), Anilan (Thrissur) and Sudheer (Ernakulam).The sentence for the accused will be pronounced on Monday.Seventh accused Babu Varghese, managing director of a travel company in Thiruvananthapuram, had died during the trial. Second accused Joshy Joseph went into hiding after he was granted bail. Three other accused are still at large.Kareem was waylaid and murdered on the Thamarassery pass. The dispute over Jungle Park, the resort owned by Kareem, was alleged to be the motive behind the murder. Kareem's driver Sivan was the first witness in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16871144", "title": "Telangana ministers to meet Sonia soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Amidst the consistent discouraging utterances of AICC senior leaders on Telangana, Congress ministers from the region are planning to meet the high command and brief it about the political situationin the region.Barring labour minister Danam Nagender and marketing minister M Mukhesh Goud, all the Telangana ministers are expected to go to Delhi and stay put there till they get an appointment with party president Sonia Gandhi. Panchayat raj minister K Jana Reddy has already left for the national capital, while a few more ministers are expected to join him on Friday. The T-ministers will present a memorandum to the party president. On Monday, the Telangana ministers met the Prime Minister when the latter was in Hyderabad in connection with CoP-11. As the occasion did not provide them an ample time to discuss the issue, they told the PM that they wanted to meet him personally to discuss the issue. Telangana zealots are demanding the resignation of the region's ministers in protest against the delay by the Centre in taking a decision on the separate state issue. They hope the resignations would spur the Congress to act as per the aspirations of the people.TJAC had openly said that it would target the T-ministers and force them to resign from the cabinet. The T- ministers want the party high command to clear the air on the Telangana ahead of the next phase of agitation being taken up by TJAC.Meanwhile in New Delhi, Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde said no decision had been taken either on Telangana or convening an all party meeting to discuss the issue. Emerging from Rashtrapati Bhavan, where he had a 30-minute long meeting with president Pranab Mukhejee, Shinde did not spell out as to how long it would take to conduct next all party meeting on Telangana.In another development, former PCC president D Srinvas met Sonia Gandhi on Thursday to discuss the political situation in the state, especially the Telanana issue. Srinivas, however, avoided the media after meeting Sonia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16871845", "title": "Power-ful lie: Gadkari-linked plant will use 10% of Wadgaon water", "text": "NAGPUR: On Wednesday, BJP national president Nitin Gadkari said his company - Purti Power and Sugar Limited, the erstwhile Purti Sakhar Karkhana Limited - consumes only 0.85% of the water in Wadgaon reservoir, and there was no issue of pollution or contamination of the reservoir. The real picture is not as clean as Gadkari made it appear.Ideal Energy Projects Limited (IEPL), prodded by Gadkari to establish a coal-based thermal power plant with capacity of 540MW adjacent to Purti Power and Sugar Factory, will consume over 10% of Wadgaon reservoir's water capacity. It will also pollute the environment, agriculture farms and the reservoir itself, believe experts. The IEPL power plant is coming up at a cost of Rs2,220.32 crore.Gadkari's links to IEPL, run by Mhaiskar family's Ideal Group, are well documented since his tenure as PWD minister between 1995-99. Mumbai-based rebel Congress leader Ajit Sawant told TOI that Dattatray Mhaiskar suddenly rose to prominence during Gadkari's tenure as PWD minister.\"Purti's annual general meeting reports on the website of ministry of corporate affairs reveal that until March 2010 at least Mhaiskar was a major shareholder in Purti Power and Sugar Limited. Another Ideal Group company, Ideal Road Builders (IRB), had 28.03 lakh shares in Purti. Besides, IRB promoter Dattatray Mhaiskar owned 40.40 lakh shares of Purti as on July 30, 2010,\" he said.He added that in 2004 IRB became the toll collection agent on Mumbai-Pune expressway, which was constructed in Gadkari's tenure. This highway is managed by the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC), which has always been part of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) portfolio in the state cabinet.Sawant also revealed how Global Safety Vision Private Ltd, a part of the Ideal Group, got land near Wadgaon for the IEPL power plant. \"Global Safety, as a charge holder, lent Rs164 crore on March 30, 2010, to Purti Power and Sugar Limited and obtained as mortgage 47.69 hectare land along with structures, buildings, machinery etc situated at village Khursapar and Kinhala. This is where Purti Power and Sugar Factory and the IEPL power plant are located,\" he said.This proves Gadkari brought IEPL to establish a power plant on 47.69 hectare adjacent to his power and sugar factory. IEPL constructed its first unit of 270MW on this land. The unit is all set to be commissioned. Besides, IEPL proposes to establish a second unit with 270MW capacity on land acquired from farmers besides the first plant.A call to Gadkari's mobile was picked up by an assistant, who said Gadkari was addressing a meeting at Karimnagar in Andhra Pradesh and would call back. However, Gadkari did not return the call.A draft environment impact assessment (EAI) report has already been submitted to Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) for the second unit of IEPL's thermal power plant. IEPL has said that the two units are coming up on 140 hectare agriculture land within a kilometre of Wadgaon reservoir.The water resources department had allowed IEPL the use of 7.8 million meter cube (MMC) water per year for the first unit and 10 MMC for the second unit. The Wadgaon reservoir constructed in 1985 has installed storage capacity of 185 million meter cube water, so nearly 10% water will go to IEPL. This water could have been used to irrigate over 2,000 hectare agricultural land.Interestingly, the water approval from the water resources department, Nagpur, was received on June 22, 2009, just 11 days after Mantralaya in Mumbai approved the same. Not surprisingly, NCP leader and former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar was WRD minister at that time.Also, according to the EAI, the IEPL plant will burn 8,100 tonne coal every day and generate 3,200 tonne fly ash. Another 9,000 kilolitre furnace oil will be consumed every year at the plant.Environmentalists from Nagpur, led by convener of Vidarbha Environmental Action Group (VEAG) Sudhir Paliwal, have highlighted all these points while objecting to IEPL's second unit. They have alleged that the power plant will not only pollute the environment but also the Wadgaon reservoir along with the Muniya reserve forest, which is only 5-6 km away from the plant.\"Huge quantity of water from Wadgaon reservoir, which is meant for irrigation, will be diverted to the power plant. Besides, the coal will be trucked in from far away, polluting many villages en route and creating a serious problem for agriculture crops,\" Paliwal said during the hearing.TOI had reported on July 5 how BJP zilla parishad member from Bela Jaykumar Verma, who is also vice-president in Purti Power and Sugar Limited, threatened Paliwal and his group for opposing IEPL's power plant. Verma had managed the entire show at the public hearing held on July 4. BJP MLA from Umrer constituency Sudhir Parwe and managing director of Purti Power and Sugar Limited Sudhir Diwe were also present during the hearing. Parwe too abused Paliwal and disrupted his speech.It is unlikely that IEPL was established and got approvals to use water from Wadgaon reservoir without using influence at the highest levels. Presently, Purti Power and Sugar Factory and IEPL plants are located right beside the Wadgaon reservoir, instead of the agriculture farms that stood to gain when the reservoir was planned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16872332", "title": "Comunidade land survey almost done", "text": "MARGAO: The exercise of demarcating the comunidade property at Moti Dongor undertaken by the administrator of comunidades is nearing completion. Sources said that the demarcation work will end within the next few days, following which the exercise of identifying illegal structures will be taken up.\"The exercise is likely to be completed within the next five days,\" a source closely associated with the task informed TOI.Besides the haphazard manner in which encroachments have been carried out atop the hill, the overgrowth of vegetation during the monsoons has been causing delay in the demarcation work.Speaking to TOI, South Goa collector N D Agarwal said that the survey department has requisitioned bush cutting machine for clearing the overgrowth of vegetation so as to facilitate the demarcation work. The machine will be provided by the MMC soon, it is learnt.When contacted, MMC chief officer Srinet Kothwale said that he would conduct an inspection of the ongoing survey shortly to review the progress of the work.For the last several weeks, a team of the survey department, assisted by the staff of the administrator of comundidades, Margao Municipal Council (MMC) and the South Goa collectorate, is in the process of identifying and defining the extent of property owned by the comunidade of Aquem.The process of demarcation entails superimposing the identified boundary points with the old survey plan and fixing the boundary stones on the ground.The exercise has been undertaken in pursuance to the assurance given by the state government to the high court of Bombay at Goa in August that \"all the illegal constructions carried out at Moti Dongor, Margao shall be demolished after carrying out necessary survey within a period of six months\".The assurance was given during the hearing of a public interest litigation filed by advocate Sanjiv Punalekar, pointing out that illegal constructions had come up at Moti Dongor. The petitioner had prayed for a direction to the state government to conduct a survey of Moti Dongor and list out all structures which are in existence on Moti Dongor in violation of the provisions of Goa Municipalities Act, 1968. MMC's counsel Sandesh Padiyar had submitted to the court that \"all necessary cooperation, including identification of illegal constructions carried out at Moti Dongor,\" will be given by the civic body to the state authorities to facilitate the demolition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16871649", "title": "Vulgar MMS clippings go viral", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A college girl from Cuttack's Baranga area moved the State Commission for Women (SCW) here on Thursday alleging that some anti-socials filmed her naked and uploaded the vulgar MMS clippings on internet. The Plus Two second year student alleged that the four youths, who were her acquaintances, took her to a deserted house on Rakhi Purnima recently and molested her. \"They shot the incident and blackmailed me. Now the clippings are on internet,\" she said. She alleged that the Baranga police arrested only one man and is shielding the other three, who are influential people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16872083", "title": "Durga Puja shares festive space with Naada Habba", "text": "MYSORE: The splendour of the 'Naada Habba' has not dampened the Bengali spirit in the Heritage City as Bengalis gear up for the Durga puja or Bengali Dusshera celebrations.More than 500 families attached to the Bengali Association of Mysooru have kept the traditions of their homeland alive in the city. The association will be celebrating Durga puja from October 20 to 24 at Anjaneya Swami Temple.Association's general secretary Malay Chakraborthy said the association's main aim is to keep the traditions alive even as they express their devotion for Goddess Durga.The major pujas commence from October 20 that is on Shasthi and end on Vijaya Dashami on October 24. Every evening, there will be special pujas and cultural programmes.Elaborating on the significance of the festival, Chakraborthy said the festival marks the victory of Goddess Durga over the evil buffalo demon Mahishasura. Thus, Durga puja epitomizes the victory of good over evil. During this festival, the tradition is the daughter goes to her father's house on this feast and this is followed even in Mysore, he pointed.On Ashtami, the 8th day, Sandhi puja is performed. This puja requires 108 lotus flowers, a single fruit, dry rice grain for \"noibiddo\", 108 earthen lamps, clothes, jewellery, hibiscus garlands and wood apple (bilva patre) leaves.After puja, there will be community dinner every day and traditional delicacies like rice, kichdi, mochar chop, sheem palong, pathuri singara , radha ballbhi, phuchka and desserts like payasam, rasgulla, sandesh will be prepared. Staple food of Bengalis like chingdi malai curry, murgi johl will also be served.The festival will conclude on Vijaya Dashami when an idol of Goddess Durga will be taken in a possession and immersed in river Cauvery near Ranganathaswamy temple, Srirangapatna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16874994", "title": "Veteran TOI journalist honoured with posthumous lifetime achievement award", "text": "NEW DELHI: Veteran journalist, author and historian Alfred D'Cruz was honoured with a posthumous lifetime achievement award. D'Cruz, who had been associated with The Times of India for 40 years, was honoured with the Lifetime Achievement Award for Excellence in Journalism at the 20th National Awards by the Journalist Association of India (JAI), under the flagship of the Journalists Federation of India in Siri Fort auditorium.Hand picked by the then British Editor Sir Francis Low way back in 1947 at a time when Englishmen were at the editorial desk, Alfred D'Cruz was the first Indian journalist to work at the Editorial department of The Times of India in Mumbai.\"1947 was one of the most exciting times for Indian journalism,\" Alfred D'Cruz, who passed away on June 1 this year at the age of 91, would often recount. His headline 'India wakes up to a new life' adorned the front page of The Times of India when India gained Independence.He retired as chief sub-editor in 1982.During his stint with The Times of India for 40 years from 1947 to 1987, Alfred D'Cruz worked with luminaries such as R.K. Laxman , Mario Miranda , Frank Moraes, Khushwant Singh , M.V. Kamath, M.J. Akbar, Girilal Jain, Behram Contractor alias Busybee, among others.Thereafter, Alfred D'Cruz worked as the news editor with The Sunday Observer , Mumbai, India's first Sunday newspaper, from 1987 to 1989. Thereafter, at the age of 67, he joined The Kuwait Times as its assistant editor. He was at the editorial desk when Iraq invaded Kuwait in 1990 and was instrumental in breaking the news to the world. Later put up in tents for months in the Jordan desert along with other Indian expatriates, on one apple and one tomato a day, he was among the last to be evacuated by an Air India relief flight before the Gulf War broke out.\"Working at a time when computers, Internet and email were yet to become the buzzwords, my father strived zealously, sometimes until 4 am, in the hot metal press giving his go-ahead to newspaper proofs and photographic blocks, so that people could enjoy reading their newspapers along with their hot morning cup of tea or coffee. Usually working the late night shift, he edited and put together countless newspaper pages,\" said his son Sunil D'Cruz on accepting the Lifetime Achievement Award on his father's behalf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16872730", "title": "Inflation fails to dampen Puja spirits", "text": "LUCKNOW: From the idols of deities to the prasad offered to them, expenses of Durga Puja have shot up because of inflation. And if the Puja organisers are to be believed, then there is a hike of around 30% in expenses related to the celebration.General secretary of Bengali Club and Youngmen's Association, which is one of the oldest puja pandal in the city, Arun Banerjee said, \"Due to inflation, all expenses like pandals, decoration, bhog, idols of deities and transportation have gone up. It has become extremely difficult to conduct the puja.\"The organisers however have found ways to counter the soaring prices. General secretary of Naveen Sharadiya Utsav, Anandnagar, KK Ghosal said, \"Puja is associated with the Goddess. No inflation can have any impact on this.\" He added that they have taken help from the public and asked them to donate rice, pulses, oil and other food items. Endorsing similar views, member of organising committee of Shri Shri Sarbojanin Durga Puja Samiti, Eldeco Colony, Ashok Bhattacharya said, \"People in large number have donated for the Durga Puja celebration because it is a noble cause and devotees have faith in God.\"Rise in prices of vegetables, fruits, LPG cylinders, vegetable oil and other food items have made the bhog an expensive affair. \"Till last year, we used to offer 80 kilograms of food on Asthami to the devotees and 60 kilograms of food on other two days. But, this year we have reduced the bhog from 80 to 50 kilograms, as we were not able to manage our increased expenses. However, 60 kg of food will be same on other two days,\" said Sudeep Sanyal, general secretary of Latouche Road Puja Sansad. The committee also reduced its expenditure on pandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16872226", "title": "Traffic diversions from October 21", "text": "PATNA: The district administration and Patna traffic police on Thursday issued the traffic guidelines for people to follow during Durga Puja.Traffic SP Chandrika Prasad said traffic diversions and restrictions would be enforced from October 21 to October 24 from 5pm to 5am. Prasad said nine points have been identified for parking zones. They would be mostly on the Frazer Road (from LIC building to Bata, Akashvani Sudha counter to J P roundabout, from the state BJP chief Dr C P Thakur's residence to Dr Swaminandan's house, northern side of Buddha Smriti Park and east Frazer Road), western side of Maurya Lok, in front of planetarium, Sinha Library Road and Chajjubagh Road (near Hindi Bhavan). The city minibus stand near Patna Junction would be closed. No city bus would be allowed to enter Frazer Road during the four days.On Ashok Rajpath, traffic would be normal from Kargil Chowk to Gandhi Chowk. But it would be one-way from Gandhi Chowk to Gaighat (west to east). Vehicles coming from Patna City side would be diverted from Gaighat towards Kumhrar-Old Bypass Road to reach Gandhi Maidan.The road from Gaighat to Patna City would remain one-way and vehicles would be diverted through Shikarpur Nala-Gulzarbagh, Tulsi Mandi to the Old Bypass. Those going from Ashok Rajpath to Rajendra Nagar would need to take the route of Gandhi Chowk-Saidpur-Moinul Haq Stadium.No vehicle would be allowed on Arya Kumar Road, Rajendra Path (Apsara roundabout to Nala Road), Sabzibagh Road, Govind Mitra Road, Khazanchi Road, Dariyapur Gola Road, Bari Path and Thakurbari Road.It would be one-way from Dinkar Chowk to Congress Maidan via Nala Road, Bhattacharya Road to Dak Bungalow roundabout and from Dumra Chowk to Ashiana Mor.The traffic police have also asked the Patna Municipal Corporation to take action against those commercial building owners who are misusing the parking zones for commercial gains. The Traffic SP said temporary road dividers have been created to streamline traffic.The district administration has asked Patna civil surgeon to keep the ambulances ready for any eventuality. The residents are requested to dial 101 for police help, 100 to call fire brigade and 2219810 for any kind of administrative assistance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16871214", "title": "To survive, colleges shed minority tag", "text": "HYDERABAD: In an effort to stay afloat, around ten minority educational institutions in the state facing financial crisis have changed their status to non-minority colleges in the past one year. The minorities welfare department has over the last two months received three more applications from minority institutions seeking a similar change of status.As per rules pertaining to minority colleges, all seats must be filled principally by students from minority communities. Since many of these students get admission in regular colleges in the general counselling sessions, minority institutions are left with an abysmal student count.Interestingly, some institutions have not just changed their status but also their names in order to draw students from other communities. Farah College of Engineering and Technology in Chevella, for instance, has rechristened itself to Vidya Vikas Institute of Technology. A Christian college is reportedly on its way to becoming Vidya Jyoti. Then there are the other colleges such as Bharat Institute of Pharmacy and Bharat Institute of Engineering and Technology in Ibrahimpatnam, Vazir Sultan College of Engineering and Technology and Manair College of Engineering and Technology that have retained their original names, but shed the minority tags last year. It is not just engineering colleges but also MBA, MCA and pharmacy minority institutions that have of late decided to go sans the minority status.\"Of the 130 minority educational institutions in the state, at least 10 have changed their status to non-minority. Poor admissions have forced many colleges to do so,\" said Zafar Javeed, general secretary of Federation of Minority Educational Institutions of AP.It was over a decade ago that the state witnessed the mushrooming of minority colleges to tap into the huge number of minority students opting for higher studies. But over the past few years many engineering colleges surfaced (courtesy the fee reimbursement scheme), eating into their pie of admissions. Staring at huge losses, these colleges realised that figuring in the general counselling list as against the minority list would be a financially sound option.Observers of this 'conversion' trend note that it was two years ago that some colleges decided that it wasn't paying to stay a minority institution, especially tier two colleges with poor student strength and little means to sustain themselves. \"It is also easy for them to change their status since the difference in the fee structure for a minority and non-minority institution as per All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) norms is only Rs 25,000. It is Rs 75,000 for minority institutions and Rs 1,00,000 for non-minority ones,\" said an official of a minority institution. He rued that the greater autonomy granted to such institutions by the government was of little benefit since admissions have been abysmal.Officials of the minorities welfare department, which issues minority status certificates to these educational institutions (both Christian and Muslim), say there have been three applications in the past month for change of minority status and predict that there would be more in the near future. Dana Kishore, special secretary, MWD said, \"They are being forced to do this as they are not doing well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16872317", "title": "GMC switches to e-surgery for knee operation", "text": "PANAJI: In, perhaps, a first for government hospitals in the country, the orthopaedics department of the Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, performed a computer-navigated knee replacement surgery.The live surgery on a 75-year-old female patient with severe arthritis was conducted at the GMC with the aid of an ultramodern technique of computerized total knee replacement in both the knees simultaneously.While congratulating Dr Shivanand Bandekar, professor and head, department of orthopaedics, who led the team of doctors performing the surgery, GMC medical superintendent Dr Rajan Kunkolienkar said, \"This surgery is another feather in our cap. It is a proud day for us.\"Kunkolienkar said GMC has been able to maintain efficiency in serving the state.Dr Bandekar said that this computerized total knee replacement is the first of its kind in Goa. The super computer used for the surgery is a demo unit given to the GMC and has been imported from the US.He said that the GMC will be buying the super computer soon. The high-end surgery will be free for the public, Dr Bandekar added.Dr Bandekar said the computer guides (the surgery) to precision. \"It enables perfect alignment and hence joints can last for many years,\" he added.Listing out the benefits of the computer navigated surgery, Dr Bandekar said \"There is no error due to human factor, it reduces size of incision and there is not much damage to tissue and no blood loss. The patient is mobile within 24 hours and mobility well maintained as if it is an original joint.\"He said the surgery would have cost 4.5 lakh if done privately but done free for the 75-year old patient. She was operated for both the knees simultaneously and there was no need for any blood transfusion. The operation was completed in two hours, Dr Bandekar said.The GMC started its joint replacement surgery unit in the year 2002 and the hospital has done more than a thousand total knee replacement and more than five hundred total hip replacement surgeries with the imported implants given by the Goa government.Dr Bandekar noted that in Goa, more women were affected by arthritis of the knees than men.He urged people to get any knee pain attended to early and not wait till they are elderly to undergo a replacement surgery as waiting only causes quality of life to suffer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16872868", "title": "Last ride on meter gauge track", "text": "TRICHY: October 18, 2012, will go down in the annals of Southern Railway history as the last day for the running of trains on meter gauge in its jurisdiction, with the dismantling of the 115-km Tiruvarur-Pattukottai section slated to start soon after the tender formalities are completed.The history of meter gauge lines comes to a glorious end in Tamil Nadu, paving the way for all broad gauge lines in keeping with the rail board's uni-gauge policy across the country. The last-but-one of the 75 km stretch on the Pattukottai-Karaikudi meter gauge section was closed since March this year, and the dismantling process is already on. Though Karaikudi, the birth place of poet Kannadasan, and Tiruvarur, the birthplace of DMK's M Karunanidhi, are nevertheless connected with broad gauge lines, only Pattukottai, the birthplace of Makkal Kavignar Pattukottai Kalyanasundaram will go without the sound of a train for at least another three years until the existing track is converted to broad gauge.Though the last vestiges of meter gauge still remain in only the Ooty-Mettupalayam section for a length of 45 km, gauge conversion is not possible as it forms part of the UNESCO heritage mountain range lines along with Darjeeling and Shimla. Modern technology might allow our engineers to broaden the gauge, but the heritage must be protected and perpetuated, divisional railway manager Manjula Rangarajan told TOI.There are 11 stations between Pattukottai and Tiruvarur and the major station is Thiruthuraipoondi. The last train on the meter gauge from Tiruvarur started at 8 pm on Thursday and completed its journey at Thiruthiraipoondi at 8.45 pm. Likewise, the last train from Pattukottai started at 3.30 pm and reached Tiruvarur at 6.30 pm. All of 11 stations will be closed from Friday, said Manjula Rangarajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16873523", "title": "Early onset of monsoon leaves met officials confused", "text": "CHENNAI: After an overcast morning on Wednesday, Chennaiites woke up to the loud rumble of thunder and rain splashing on their roofs on Thursday.The downpour on Thursday confused even Met department officials about the onset of the northeast monsoon in Tamil Nadu. Earlier in the day, director of the regional meteorological centre S R Ramanan formally announced its onset, but withdrew the statement later. \"We didn't get confirmation from Delhi,\" he said.Though announcing the date seems to be a bureaucratic process, officials say the monsoon has arrived . \"We can expect heavy rainfall over Tamil Nadu region till October 23. It will decrease after that but rain will continue until December,\" said Y E A Raj, deputy director of India Meteorological Centre. \"We will announce the onset on Friday or Saturday,\" he said.In the twelve-hour period between 8.30pm on Wednesday and 8.30am on Thursday, Nungambakkam received 66mm of rain. Meenambakkam received 32.2mm in the same period. During the rest of the day, the city received only 5mm of rain. Met department officials said this is characteristic of the northeast monsoon. \"During the southwest monsoon, we receive rain in the evening and night. In the northeast monsoon, it rains late at night and early in the morning ,\" said Raj. \"The heaviest rain occurs at around 3am, but it can go on for the entire day.\"November usually has the highest number of rainy days. According to data from 1970 to 2000, on an average, October has 10.6 rainy days, while November has 11.7. Chennai has 59.1 rainy days a year.Chennai and coastal regions of Tamil Nadu receive about 60% of their annual rainfall this season. Between October and December , Chennai gets about 85cm of the 135cm it receives every year.Heavy rain on Thursday morning played havoc in the city with several schools closing. \"I received a message around 7.30am from my daughter's school saying it would be closed due to the heavy rain,\" said Hema Malini, the mother of a six-yearold who studies in a school in Adyar.On the streets, trees were uprooted , water collected, and traffic piled up, hinting at how life could be for the next two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16871069", "title": "Burglars strike at computer mall", "text": "HYDERABAD: Four shops in the computer hub Chenoy Trade Centre (CTC), Parklane, were targeted by burglars, who, however, failed to lay their hands on the lakhs of rupees locked up in the stores on Wednesday night.The Mahankali police said the burglars entered the shops on the ground floor by lifting the shutters with metal bars, probably after 2 am.\"Though they targeted four shops, only Rs 30,000 cash belonging to Srinivasa Enterprises went missing while in the remaining shops the thieves failed to locate the cash. In one of the shops, Rs 2.6 lakh cash was inside a till. There were multiple tills, but the burglars checked the till in which there was no cash. In all the shops though there were electronic gadgets worth lakhs, but they were left untouched,\" Mahankali sub-inspector K Ravi Kumar said.Police said that the incident happened on Wednesday night with five security guards on duty.\"The incident came to light around 6.30 am on Thursday when watchman Srinivas informed that shutters were opened by unknown persons,'' police said. A theft case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16872562", "title": "White weed enhances Goddess'sbeauty, keeps devotees healthy", "text": "LUCKNOW: Next time you visit a Durga Puja pandal and get overwhelmed by the simple yet intricate beauty of Shola craft - a snow-white decorative element of the Goddess, do not forget to admire the healing powers of this thermocol lookalike.\"Shola pith is much better than thermocol in terms of malleability, texture, lustre and sponginess. Artisans use it for making artefacts, use for decoration and ornate headgears of brides and grooms. The finest examples of craftsmanship is seen on idols of gods and goddesses during festive occasions, especially the ornamental backdrops made for Durga Puja celebrations,\" said Manoj Goswami, a senior office bearer of Jogendra Pathak Road Puja Sangsad and added that craftsmen spend months working on each piece and every details is meticulously worked out.Shola pith which grows wild in marshy waterlogged areas. The botanical name of Shola is Aeschynomene Indica or Aeschynomene Aspera (bean family) and it is herbaceous plant. Shola is the cortex or core of the plant and is 1.5 inch in diameter. The outer harder brown skin is removed by expert hands to reveal the inner soft milky-white and spongy material, almost similar to thermocol, artificially produced in a laboratory.Highlighting the medicinal properties of Shola pith, professor Malaya K Misra, head of the department of botany of Berhampur University said, \"The arrival of Durga Puja also marks the onset of weather change and the diseases that accompany this weather change. And it is the problem of cough and cold accompanied by fever that haunts most of the devotees. Here, the Shola plant can play a positive role, and the juice of the aerial part could be administered to patients suffering from cough, cold and fever. Apart from this, one teaspoon of dried young shoot powder with half spoon powdered sugar candy is given once in early morning to increase the consistency of semen for about 2 months.\" The findings of Misra along with Anima Panda were published in the Indian Journal of Traditional Knowledge Vol 10(2), April 2011 titled 'Ethnomedicinal survey of some wetland plants of South Orissa and their conservation'.Giving more details about the wetland plant and its medicinal values, Misra said, \"Traditionally, local inhabitants have been using wetland plants against diseases they have been suffering from. Due to rapid urbanisation, industrialisation, unmanaged exploitation and removal of plants for fish culture, many of the area's wetland medicinal plants are vanishing rapidly.\"\"In addition to its medicinal utility, the carbon from burning of the stem is used for preparation of gunpowder used in crackers. The plant plays a major role in fixing the free nitrogen of the atmosphere through its root nodules and enriches the soil system. This function is very important when present in the rice fields,\" said Misra.Larger pieces of the plant are tied to the fishing nets as floating material, and the plant is even used as fodder for the cattle as well as fuel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16872781", "title": "Taal rocks HBTI on final day", "text": "KANPUR: On the second and concluding day of Taal-'12 the annual festival of Harcourt Butler Technological Institute on Thursday, a number of competitions between clusters and all branches of various engineering colleges and courses kept the atmosphere charged. Each group performed choreographed items, group songs and group dances.Day two started with performance by 6 Strings a rock band which played songs like 'Aadat', 'Meri Maa, Kya Mujhe Pyar Hai' to name a few.The event 'Choreo' was performed on themes like Ashoka and Mohd Gauri and group songs on Lord Ganesha and other songs on Indian patriotic themes. The students enjoyed the two-day festival which ended with competitions and names of winners were announced. Winners and runners-up included Raghav and Vishal in solo singing, Prakhar and Shilpa in solo dance event, Shivam and Rajat in group dance and Rohan and Akshat, Adnan and group in duet song competition. Shalley and Apurva, Sonali and Rishabh won the compering competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16873260", "title": "Jodhpur to be tobacco free", "text": "JODHPUR: The city is all set to become tobacco free very soon. The administration will soon launch an intensive campaign to achieve this objective, in which not only the government offices but even schools, colleges, commercial and trade organizations will have huge banners bearing messages to discourage tobacco consumption. The administration is also going to set up an enforcement squad with a view to achieve the objective expeditiously.District collector Gaurav Goyal said, \"With a view to make Jodhpur a model in this direction, we are going to invoke the acts and laws pertaining to tobacco consumption with a view to make Jodhpur tobacco free city and have started working in a planned and intensive manner. We have also sought cooperation from the distributors and sellers of tobacco to create domino effect in the society, specially the youth\", said Goyal.Goyal also held a meeting with the tobacco distributors on Thursday for this purpose and soon a meeting will be held with the representatives of tobacco companies.Goyal said that consumption of tobacco in any manner is a social vice, which has disturbing far-reaching effects.He said, \"It will be a coordinated initiative, in which the masses will be sensitized to the evil effects of tobacco consumption using print and visual material, which will comprise banners, flex boards and posters bearing anti-tobacco messages and pictures showcasing the ill-effects of tobacco consumption. An enforcement squad will also be constituted.\"A similar initiative was also taken a few months back by the then divisional commissioner of Jodhpur, R K Jain but nothing substantial could be done in the direction in absence of a decisive and concrete action plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16873671", "title": "Young Indian masters on a roll in International GM Open Chess Championship", "text": "NAGPUR: Thursday was another day of double round and the young Indian masters, especially from Maharashtra made their presence felt in a big way.Upcoming state players Shardul Gagare -- former U-10 Asian gold medallist -- of Ahmednagar and Nashik-based former World U-14 champion Vidit Gujrathi emerged on top of the table with four Grandmasters after the fifth round of the Nagpur Improvement Trust International GM Open Chess Championship at the Naivedhyam Celebrations Centre.On the top board, Vidit, after taking joint lead at the end of fourth round with Bangladesh GM Ziaur Rahman, held the experienced master in the evening hours to collect 4.5 points after five rounds. In a game of Slav Defence employed by Ziaur, Vidit played it safe to sign the peace treaty in 24 moves.While Vidit continued with his fine form, it was 15-year-old fidemaster Shardul Gagare who hogged all the limelight.Playing with the white pieces, Shardul's English Opening was enough to stun the higher rated Bangladeshi GM Abdulla Al-Rakib. With a limited time for both the players to play their next move, Shardul kept his cool and belted tremendous pressure on the Grandmaster to force the 8th seed to resign in 40 moves.Earlier in the fourth round, Bengal IM Saptarshi Roy held top seed GM from Belarus Aleksandrov Aleksej to a 48-move draw but found the second seeded GM Martyn Kravtsiv from Ukraine too hot to handle in the next round. Having the positional advantage with the whites, Kravtsiv started with the Ruy Lopez opening and in the 18th move gained a rook for Roy's knight which was enough for the seasoned campaigner to move ahead with an easy win.Similarly, Aleksandrov and Russian GM Andrei Deviatkin registered victories in contrasting styles to maintain their top spot with 4.5 points at the end.Results (round 5): Vidit Gujrathi (4.5) drew with Ziaur Rahman (4.5), Aleksej Aleksandrov (4.5) bt P Karthikeyan (3.5), Martyn Kravtsiv (4.5) bt Saptarshi Roy (3.5), Andrei Deviatkin (4.5) bt Konguvel Ponnuswamy (3.5), Shardul Gagare (4.5) bt Abdulla Al-Rakib (3.5), Narayanan Srinath (4) drew with Rahul Sangma (4), Vikramaditya Kulkarni (3.5) drew with Andrey Vovk (3.5), MR Lalith Babu (3.5) drew with Swayams Mishra (3.5), BS Shivananda (4) bt Deepan Chakkravarthy (3), Sahaj Grover (4) bt S Nitin (3).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16871183", "title": "'Domestic innovations are driving conservation'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Countries across the globe are shifting towards a 'green' trend. Speaking exclusively to TOI, Rachel Kyte, vice-president and head of network (sustainable development) at World Bank, said that despite hurdles of resource mobilisation, several nations were domestically coming up with innovative strategies of biodiversity conservation and sustainable development. Excerpts from the interview:Resource mobilisation seems to be the most contentious issue of the ongoing conference on biological diversity. How important is it for countries to get sufficient funding to meet their 'Aichi Targets'?This is an issue at all such conventions. But when you step out of the meeting halls and attend the side events you realise the amount of innovation that is happening the world over. Despite budgetary constraints, people are coming up with practical solutions and are doing what they can for sustainable development because they realise that it is essential. When you have as many as 193 countries as members of the convention, it is always difficult to come to a consensus. But there are a bunch of countries that are doing a lot of work along with a bunch of companies. So, while at the international level, things might be moving at a slow pace, at the national and domestic levels, countries are increasingly taking the 'green' path to development.As per your 2012 annual report, India is one of the largest recipients of World Bank aid. What is the worth of your investments here?Right now, our investments in India would be to the tune of about $23 billion. This is for projects ranging from a timeframe of five years to 10 years with at least 70% of them being related to sustainable development. We have, over the years, ramped up our investment in the country. Until 2007-08, the average annual investment here was around $2 billion; that has now jumped up to about $4 billion. In fact, last year we disbursed $3 billion to India. One of the important projects that we are working on right now covers Bangladesh-Nepal-Bhutan-India to check illegal wildlife trade. We have about 76 projects with India as of today with many more in the pipeline or at the discussion stage.Critics of World Bank projects argue that its 'safeguard' norms are very weak. It is alleged that they lead to more destruction than conservation of biodiversity and livelihoods. Your comments?We are aware that there are critics of the bank, and we cannot satisfy everyone. But I must say that we have strong safeguards. In fact, others replicate them and copy them. So, I am sure we are doing something right. At World Bank, our programmes have always been aimed at improving livelihoods of people. The Mumbai urban transport project, for instance, has allowed the poor to get to work easily. But, then, we all make mistakes and learn from them to get better. That is a development process.Civil society groups squarely blame the private sector for the death of the environment. In such a situation, do you think it is a good idea to rope in private players to fund 'green' projects?A. We cannot look at the private sector as enemies. There are a lot of groups that are willing to do good work. There are always the 'good' and the 'bad' guys. So, it is important to know who you are working with. Then there is the government which can set the rules and tell private organisations what may or may not be done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16872360", "title": "No trace of missing Arunachal cop", "text": "ITANAGAR: M S Chauhan, an IPS officer who went missing from Tippi in West Kameng district on his way to Tawang from Itanagar on Tuesday, is still untraced. However, police claimed to have got vital leads in the case.\"We have definite clues on his whereabouts and investigation is on to solve the case soon,\" IGP (Crime) Arvind Deep informed. He, however, refused to divulge the details saying it could hamper the probe.Chauhan was on his way to Tawang with inspector Mohan Kaye and constable Vikram Singh , West Kameng, said SP T T Lama on Tuesday. \"He had handed over one of his cell phones to his driver while leaving the vehicle at Tippi market and asked them to wait for him at a nearby place where he was suppose to join them for lunch,\" added Lama. Since then, he is missing.Chauhan, who was transferred to Delhi on October 8, surprisingly did not left the state. \"We have no information about his Tawang trip and he had not reported about his movement to district police,\" said Lama. Chauhan, an IPS officer of the 1998 batch of the Union Territory cadre, is heading the SIC constituted by Gauhati high court in 2008 to probe the multi-crore PDS scam in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16872584", "title": "Kejriwal's farmer-victim comes out in Gadkari's support", "text": "NAGPUR: Ending the suspense over his disappearance, farmer Gajanan Ghadge resurfaced on Thursday in his village Khursapar (60 km from Nagpur) with a shockingly different story about India Against Corruption.On Wednesday, IAC chief Arvind Kejriwal and activist Anjali Damania had told the media that Ghadge had got death threats due to which he could not be present for the press conference in Delhi, while running their expose on how Ghadge's agriculture land ended up being part of BJP chief Nitin Gadkari's business empire.Speaking to TOI, Ghadge claimed he was never under any threat. \"I am fine and never received any threats from anyone. I had some work and hence was not at home on Wednesday,\" said Ghadge. Reacting to this, Damania said alleged that Ghadge had been bought.The farmer said the IAC members overplayed his land related problem and that he never sought their help. \"Damania approached me saying she would help in getting my land back. My fight is against the water resources and irrigation department of the state to get possession of the unutilized land it originally acquired from my family. I have never spoken against Gadkari nor ever written a letter with his name on it,\" said Ghadge, adding that he was very much at home. The ring of a landline phone could clearly be heard in the background.He further told TOI that he owns 10,000 shares in the Gadkari promoted Purti sugar factory. \"Gadkari and I have common interests so why would I hurt him at all? Last week Damania came to Khursapar for some investigation. She visited my house and asked if I was having problems getting my land back. There was no reason for me to refuse help in my fight against the water resources ministry. I have no idea why IAC brought up the Gadkari angle,\" he said.The farmer also denies promising to attend a press conference with IAC. \"They were insisting but I never gave my word. Also, I did not mention my meeting with IAC to Gadkari or anyone from Purti group, so there is no question of pressure being put on me,\" said Ghadge.The farmer also claimed to be a classmate of Gadkari in a hidden camera footage which came into TOI's possession much later in the day. It shows Ghadge meeting Damania and other IAC members at his house on October 12. In the video, Ghadge says, \"Gadkari is my classmate and that is why I cannot speak against him.\" But this could not be confirmed independently by TOI.Soon after TOI spoke to Ghadge, he switched off his phone and was not present at his home either. Another farmer and political activist Satish Munje, who was present during the Ghadge-Damania meeting, denied that the farmer ever studied with Gadkari.Incensed by Ghadge's accusation, Damania said this volte-face has made her more determined to fight graft. Speaking from Mumbai, Damania said, \"This man has either been bribed or threatened. The other reason for his u-turn could be that he is simply lying.\"She agreed that it was possible that the 'Ghadge' episode was set-up to embarrass IAC. \"I wondered in the start how easily this entire scam was falling into our laps, but then we had documents to back it up. Even if it was a set-up, it does not reflect badly on us, but on Ghadge himself since we have a video footage of his talking to us about his problems,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16874930", "title": "'Emmanuelle' star Sylvia Kristel dies at 60", "text": "Dutch actress Sylvia Kristel , who starred in the 1974 erotic French film Emmanuelle, died on Wednesday in her sleep. She was 60.The actress, who had cancer , was admitted to hospital in July after suffering a stroke.\"She died during the night during her sleep,\" the BBC quoted her agent, Marieke Verharen as saying.'Emmanuelle,' which told the story of a sexually promiscuous housewife, spawned numerous sequels and played in a cinema on the Champs-Elysees for 11 years.Released in 1974, the soft-focus French film was one of the first erotic movies to be shown in mainstream cinemas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16872009", "title": "BJD ready for show of strength", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The ruling BJD is bustling with activity as the party readies to hold a mass convention in Berhampur on Friday ostensibly to counter dissident leader Pyarimohan Mohapatra's scheduled media conference here.With chief minister and BJD supremo Naveen Patnaik overly keen on the success of the Berhampur event, to be held at the MKCG Medical College ground, party leaders and workers are leaving no stone unturned to pool in a very large gathering, party sources said.With the Pyari-headed Odisha Jana Morcha (OJM), an outfit some dissidents claim is aimed at reforming the BJD, having announced that it would ensure congregation of 50,000 people in Bhubaneswar on October 28, the BJD leadership is seemingly putting in extra effort to demonstrate the party's strength. \"There is no bus or trekker left in Ganjam district. We have booked all vehicles for Friday's meeting,\" a senior BJD leader monitoring the arrangements boasted. \"We will have such a massive show that all our rivals, be it Congress or any other group, will panic,\" the leader added.Panic, however, seems to be slowly gripping the regional party ever since the alleged coup bid by Pyari and Co on May 29 against Naveen. Though the BJD president shortly after swiftly suspended Pyari and two other MLAs, Prabhat Biswal and Bibhuti Balabantray, and dropped three ministers, Anjali Behera, Sanjib Sahu and Sarada Nayak, the party rank and file is confused about the goings-on.\"There are quite a few MLAs who were close to Pyari and had got party tickets on his recommendation. Pyari had direct contact with a large section of the party leaders and workers. No wonder, the BJD top brass takes him as a threat,\" a party leader said.The timing of the Berhampur event has also raised eyes that it was aimed at diluting the impact of Pyari's scheduled press meet at Lohia Academy, Bhubaneswar, on Friday.ssThere is even talk in party circles that the BJD might organize a show of strength on October 28, when Pyari-led OJM conducts its public rally in the state capital.Revenue minister and senior BJD leader S N Patro, however, brushed aside such speculation. \"It is just a coincidence. We have no reason to bother about anyone's media meet or any other political event. Our party had planned to rev up the party apparatus and we are accordingly organizing a big public congregation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16871169", "title": "Goons running berserk in free-for-all land", "text": "KOLKATA: Ask police about the rising crime graph and they come out with the standard responses \u2014 lack of manpower, not enough infrastructure or that more people are coming forward to record complaints than earlier.However, the underworld attributes this sudden spurt of violence to a power shift in crime syndicates, following the change in government. Several dreaded gangs that were close to the former ruling party have either switched loyalty, or been replaced by newer ones. The shake-up in the underworld has led to the rise of some small-time criminals who are neither here nor there but operate independently, making it difficult for police to identify them. The shoot-and-scoot gang that struck in Kasba, Jadavpur, Santoshpur is one such.In the Tiljala-Topsia-Karaya area, there were just two gangs earlier. Now, there are more than a dozen gangs, each patronized by local-level politicians, say sources in the underworld. There are regular skirmishes. \"Every day, they are fighting on the road, hurling bombs and endangering common people. Since they have political backing, police can't touch them,\" said Asraf Ali, a Tiljala Road resident.In the Port area, dreaded gangster Mukhtar was once the last word. He was close to the former ruling party but has since changed his political allegiance. Some of his followers have joined two rival camps of the ruling party. Gang rivalry heats up quickly over hiring of contract labourers in the port and Taratala industrial zone. A police officer was critically injured in a clash a few months ago.It seems bizarre but a major reason for the spurt in crime is that all major gangsters are behind bars. Several splinter groups have emerged in the vacuum. \"Big gangs commit only big crimes. Their behaviour is predictable. But you can never be certain of a small group. They can fire five rounds in a minor snatching. There lies the danger,\" said a source.A similar rivalry between two camps of the ruling party has left a large part of south Kolkata tense. Leaders of big crime syndicates admit that they are losing control over their men, who are now getting involved in random crimes like robberies and snatchings. Things are happening so fast that police are unable to update their local database. What makes things more difficult is that Kolkata Police is now handling twice the area with the same manpower. Moreover, the city police are still finding their way in the added areas. Criminals take advantage of these weaknesses. \"Most of the recent crimes have happened in the added areas, where the slackness is evident,\" an officer of the detective department said.With the change of guard, a large section of subordinate police employees are directly in touch with local politicians. Some of them have even turned party enforcers, like a tainted police constable who was recently charged with attempted murder in the southern suburbs. His superiors could not even keep him in custody for long. A sub-inspector, again in the southern outskirts, was accused of corruption but got away clean, say sources. \"The allegation was enough to have him suspended but he was simply relieved of duty,\" said an officer.On the other hand, two senior officers of the same police station as the SI, were shunted out because they refused to obey the diktat of a local tough backed by an influential leader. \"Even petty criminals, like snatchers, are flaunting their political connections. Three days ago, a youth was rounded up for molestation in north Kolkata. Soon dozens of politicians and their aides stormed into the police station to have him released,\" said an officer, who acknowledged that there was political pressure in the previous regime as well. \"But the political directions used to come through a specific channel. Now we are getting contradictory orders from different quarters of the same political party. It's confusing,\" said another officer, admitting that police are now wary of a proactive role fearing political backlash.Immediately after these incidents, the city police chief RK Pachnanda instructed his force to be doubly vigilant in the morning-walk zones. \"To counter the shoot-and-snatch bike gang, we are coming out on bikes in the morning patrolling,\" said a sub-inspector of a police station of south Kolkata. But the city police is only stretching its limited resources beyond a limit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16873010", "title": "Now, something else stinks at Vilappil", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The struggle against garbage that looked glorious a few days ago is now getting dirtier than the garbage involved. A series of incidents has created a deep rift between the Vilappil Janakiya Samithi and members of Samyukta Samara Samithi fighting against the garbage treatment plant at Vilappilsala.It all began with the indefinite hartal announced at Vilappilsala after the covert transportation of machinery to the plant. When complaints sprouted that the protesters were resorting to extreme measures like threatening commuters and sending back vehicles carrying patients during the hartal, the Janakiya Samithi distanced itself from the hartal. Its leaders also claimed that they had not announced any hartal in the village. Ironically the protesters introduced themselves as members of Janakiya Samithi in many places.Fissures became clearer on Wednesday with the Janakiya Samithi taking out a march from Nedumkuzhy to the secretariat for a cause over which the Samyukta Samara Samithi had reached a consensus with the state government a day ago. The Samyukta Samara Samithi had called off the indefinite hartal after the government assured them of filing an affidavit in the high court regarding the closure of the garbage treatment plant.When asked about the march, Janakiya Samithi leader G R Subhash said that the march was being taken out to show that the government had betrayed the Vilappilsala residents. However, the general convener of Samyukta Samara Samithi C S Anil had termed the government decision agreeable.On Thursday, the Janakiya Samithi came up with an allegation that two of its members had been manhandled by a group of people led by Vilappil panchayat vice-president Vinod Raj. However, sources said that an ugly row that happened on Wednesday during the march prompted the allegation.According to sources, the members of Samyukta Samara Samithi and Janakiya Samithi indulged in verbal exchange after the Janakiya Samithi members had shouted slogans provoking communal sentiments and made remarks against chief minister Oommen Chandy .A few months ago, Vinod Raj had filed a complaint at the Vilappil police against four people, including Burhan's brother Noor Muhammed for reportedly trying to assault him. \"A group of four people led by Noor Muhammed had tried to assault me while I was travelling for official purpose. The case is still pending. The recent complaint against me is baseless,\" Vinod Raj told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16870743", "title": "Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences doctors unhappy over non-payment of NPA", "text": "RANCHI: The doctors at Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) are an unhappy lot following the reluctance of the administration to fulfil many of their demands, including non-payment of non-practicing allowance (NPA), promotions due for several years, among others. The disgruntlement has compelled five doctors this year to resign while three others have applied for voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) and many others are already looking for better options.\"The doctors are in an agitated mood here as their demands have not been heard by the director and the state health department. The NPA has been stopped since June and nothing has been done till now for its payment. We started a signature campaign related to the demands last week which RIMS director Tulsi Mahto himself submitted to health minister Hemlal Murmu and principal secretary K Vidyasagar. As per norms the institute has been given the stature of AIIMS, Delhi, then why not the salary and perks the same which we all deserve,\" said assistant professor, department of anaesthology, Dr Praveen Tiwary.He added, \"It's only the director, senior resident and post-graduate students who are getting the pay and perks according to the AIIMS level. The rest here are given salary as per the state government rules. Apart from this there is discrimination in salary between the same post doctors hold in different departments. The Dynamic Assured Career promotion (ACP) benefits for doctors is also an issue but its only assurances which have been h given to us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16870998", "title": "St Xavier's College Kolkata applies for university status", "text": "KOLKATA: St Xavier's College on Thursday submitted an application to chief minister Mamata Banerjee for upgrading the institution to a university. A copy of the application was also forwarded to state education minister Bratya Basu. If things go according to plan, the college will become a unitary university before the end of this year.A three-part dossier, submitted with the application, has just been readied by the \"think tank\" of the college. The college, in its application, has said that it does not want just a private status. Instead, the new university would be a minority-run private university, fully aided by the state government.At the convocation of the autonomous college in January this year, the CM had advised the college to apply for an upgrade. She was also given a honorary membership of the college alumni association. Since then, she had taken an interest in the college and allotted a 16-acre plot at Rajarhat for its expansion.At the moment, the autonomous college affiliated to Calcutta University receives a grant for one-third of its expenses. The document appeals to the state to increase that grant when the college is upgraded to a university. A financial statement, giving details of the present expenses of the institution and the projected expenses post expansion, forms an integral part of the document. \"We have submitted our application and the CM has assured us that she would speed up the process,\" Father Felix Raj, principal of the college said.The dossier sums up how the Rajarhat campus will have a management school, an engineering college and a research hub for both pure and social sciences. \"While the BBA course will still be run by us, for MBA we will tie up with both XLRI and XIMB. Similarly, for our engineering school, we will tie up with Loyola College Chennai, St Joseph's Bangalore and St Xavier's Mumbai,\" Father Raj added. The three part dossier has been divided into context, college profile and university proposal.eom", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16872728", "title": "Markets gear up for Eid-ul-Zuha", "text": "LUCKNOW: The area around the majestic Roomi Darwaza is abuzz with activities ahead of Eid-ul-Zuha which will be celebrated on October 27. The market for sale of goats of different types has come up and buyers are busy to strike the best deal. Amidst scores of goats, Hira is the most talked about.In fact, someone going to the market and not taking a look at Hira is an action truly rare. \"The imposing personality of Hira has made him one of the most sought after goat. But not everyone can spend so much of money,\" said Hira's care-taker. The male goat is about four feet tall and weighs about two quintals. The owner, who has a farm house in Barabanki where he raises goats, said that Hira belongs to Nagori category of goats.Goat sellers revealed that the impact of price rise and inflation can be seen on the market of goats as well. \"It will be difficult to get a small goat for anything less than Rs 8,000 this year,\" said a seller Mohd Yasin. He reasoned that the input cost has gone up. \"We have to buy fodder and grass for the goats and ensure that it is kept disease free. So when we spend more, we will surely charge more,\" he stated.Meanwhile, additional district magistrate, OP Pathak reviewed Eid-ul-Zuha preparations on Thursday. Pathak instructed officials at the Lucknow Municipal Corporation to hold cleanliness drives near mosques where Muslims will offer prayers. He also told them to get drains in the Muslim-dominated localities cleaned so that there is no clogging of the drains on the day of the festival.The LMC has been told to draw a strategy for disposal of garbage on the main day. The health department officials have been told to depute ambulances at important places such as Tiley Wali Masjid and Aishbagh Eidgah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "nagpur/pune", "code": "16871832", "title": "Conman dupes Darda in name of Goa ex-CM, held", "text": "NAGPUR/PUNE: Bundgarden police, Pune, on Thursday took a man from Solapur into custody for allegedly duping Congress MP Vijay Jawaharlal Darda of Rs 34 lakh between October 9 and 11.Inspector S B Nikam (crime) of the Bundgarden police station told TOI that the man had telephoned Darda claiming to be Digamber Kamat, former chief minister of Goa, and demanded Rs 34 lakh help for some Congress workers and relatives of tainted Haryana ex-minister Gopal Kanda. The amount was delivered to a spot near Sassoon general hospital as demanded by the caller.\"We have taken a suspect into custody for questioning, but he has refused to reveal his identity,\" Nikam said. A complaint has been registered under section 420 (cheating) of the Indian Penal Code, he added.The imposter had called up Darda on landline of his New Delhi residence on October 9 posing as Kamat. Initially, he complained to Darda about some of his employees. Later, he said some financial assistance was required for a group of Congress workers and one Vinod Kanda who were at Andhra Pradesh and heading to Maharashtra. He promised the amount would be repaid by October 15.The trickster later called up Darda at his residence in Mumbai reminding him about the assistance required. After having collected the sum, the conman took enough care to tell Darda not to call him back on the old cellphone number which he said was discontinued. Darda later called up Kamat to confirm receipt of amount and was shocked to learn Kamat had never called.A Lokmat group employee, on behalf of Darda, then approached Dhantoli police station with a complaint. Dhantoli police registered an offence and forwarded to Pune police, said senior inspector MF Shende of Dhantoli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871362", "title": "India fully capable of defending itself: Antony", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has strengthened its military capabilities since the 1962 Sino-Indian war and is now fully capable of defending itself, said defence minister A K Antony on Thursday, two days before the 50th anniversary of China's military offensives into Ladakh and the north-east.\"Infrastructure in the north-east is not up to our satisfaction but it has improved a lot compared to the past ... infrastructure, assets and manpower, everything has improved. India of 2012 is not the India of that period. We are now capable of defending very inch of our country,\" said Antony.The minister, along with three Service chiefs \u2014 Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne, General Bikram Singh and Admiral D K Joshi \u2014 will pay homage at the Amar Jawan Jyoti at India Gate on Saturday to the soldiers who laid down their lives during the 1962 conflict.Holding that India had a two-fold approach towards China, Antony said, ``On one side, we are strengthening our capabilities on the border. On the other, we are continuing the dialogue (with China) since we want cordial relations with our neighbours...the border management mechanism with China is now functioning satisfactorily.\"Earlier, addressing the naval commanders' conference, the minister said the Indian Navy should continue with its pro-active role in the Indian Ocean Region. ``Our strategic location and the professional capability of our Navy places a responsibility upon us to play a more mature and stabilizing role in the region,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16873376", "title": "Aman Kachroo ragging case: Himachal seeks enhanced punishment for guilty", "text": "SHIMLA: Almost two years and six judges later, the sensational ragging-death case of medical student Aman Kachroo has finally come up for hearing in the Himachal Pradesh high court.The development is significant as Kachroo's alleged killers have already \"completed\" their jail sentence and are currently out. The state is seeking enhancement of their punishment, even as the accused insist they are innocent.The case came up for hearing before the division bench of Justice R B Misra and Justice Surinder Singh and continued for over two hours on Wednesday with defence counsel R S Cheema pleading against the verdict of the lower court. The next hearing is slated for December 12.Almost two years have passed since four students of the Rajendra Prasad Medical College and Hospital at Tanda town in Kangra district were convicted and sentenced to four years' rigorous imprisonment for culpable homicide by a fast-track Dharamshala court.This is the first time the high court heard the case.Earlier, six of the 11 high court judges had recused themselves from hearing the case that at one point shook the nation.Ajay Verma, Naveen Verma, Abhinav Verma and Mukul Sharma were held guilty on November 11, 2010, under sections 304 II (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), 452 (house-trespass after preparation for hurt, assault or wrongful restraint), 34 (common intent) and 342 (wrongful confinement) of the IPC by Additional District and Sessions Judge Purinder Vaidya after 20 months of trial.Aman, 19, was in the medical college since 2007. He died March 8, 2009, after he was ragged by his four drunk seniors.Within one month of the trial court verdict, all four accused moved high court against the decision. One of the petitioners, Naveen, contended that the trial was highlighted by the media and that the judgment had been influenced by the reports in the media.On the other hand, the state moved against the verdict on two counts. First, Aman was brutally beaten under the garb of ragging by his seniors; the state sought higher punishment under Section 302 of the IPC on charges of murder, not under Sections 304 II (culpable homicide not amounting to murder). And second, the trial court had shown leniency while pronouncing the quantum of punishment.However, the state government freed the convict students on August 15 this year, seven months before their four-year rigorous imprisonment was to end.\"Today I am disheartened not because the killers of my son have been set free, but because the message I have been trying to convey to all students across the nation, that is, that crimes disguised as ragging will not be tolerated, has been undermined by the Himachal government,\" said Rajendar Kachroo, Aman's father settled in Gurgaon, when he came to know that the four had been released from prison.Kachroo is monitoring the National Ragging Prevention Programme on behalf of the University Grants Commission.ians", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16870784", "title": "Town planning department cancels licence of builder for submitting forged papers", "text": "GURGAON: The Department of Town and Country Planning (DTCP) has cancelled the licence of a Delhi-based builder, Gentle Realtors, who had reportedly submitted forged land documents for approval to develop a commercial project in Gurgaon.The order was passed by the director general, DTCP, T C Gupta, after scrutinizing the papers submitted by the builder. Earlier, the builder had been granted a licence to carry out the project.The DTCP found that the revenue documents given by the builder were fraudulent. This was revealed by a probe by the Tehsildar. It was also noted that the location of the land as per the documents (Khasra No. 23//15/1/2) of Village Badshapur is towards north, whereas, in the revenue records, it is towards the eastern side of the village.When the DTCP was informed about the land record discrepancies, a decision to cancel the licence was taken by the department. The DTCP also forfeited all the government charges such as scrutiny fee, conversion charges, licence fee, infrastructure development charges and external development charges paid by the builder.Gupta said that this will set an example for the other developers to not to attempt any kind of forgery. The DTCP had earlier cancelled the licence of another Delhi-based builder, Dwarkadhesh, for not paying Rs 12 crore dues on time despite warnings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16870931", "title": "Sub-inspector of special squad suspended on bribery charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: A sub-inspector of Delhi Police has been suspended for allegedly accepting and demanding bribe from a south Delhi-based businessman.The officer has been identified as Devender, a member of special operations squad of the crime branch of Delhi Police. Sources said he had taken a bribe of Rs 45 lakh from a Defence Colony-based businessman, Varun Dutta, and was further demanding Rs 55 lakh in a property dispute case.\"The businessman complained to the top brass at the police headquarters after which an inquiry was conducted. It was found prima facie that Devender had demanded the money,\" said a source.Devender was suspended earlier this week, confirmed DCP, crime branch, S B S Tyagi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16871776", "title": "Govt nod for purchase of 25,000 Invar, air-launched version of BrahMos missiles", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has given its nod for the Army to get around 25,000 Invar missiles for its T-90S main-battle tanks, which are running short of ammunition, as well as the project to integrate the BrahMos supersonic cruise missiles on Sukhoi-30MKI fighters. Together, the two projects are worth around Rs 8,000 crore.The Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) cleared these two pending proposals of the defence ministry on Thursday evening. As was first reported by TOI earlier, the MoD had fast-tracked the Army's project to acquire 10,000 3UBK-Invar missiles from Russia for Rs 1,386 crore, while defence PSU Bharat Dynamics Ltd will manufacture another 15,000 of these missiles fired from the 125mm gun barrel of the T-90S tanks at a cost of Rs 2,079 crore.The air-launched BrahMos, which flies at speeds up to 2.8 Mach (almost three times the speed of sound), will be the third version of the 290-km range missile, with the land-attack and ship-launched ones already being inducted into the Army and Navy in large numbers.As per the plan, two Sukhoi jets are being modified with aerial BrahMos launchers by Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd at its Nasik facility. ``The missile's drop trials from the Sukhois should begin in December-January, after which the full-fledged trials will be launched,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16871102", "title": "Andhra Pradesh Congress worried over slump in affairs", "text": "HYDERABAD: Many senior Congress leaders, including chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, Rajya Sabha MP Chiranjeevi and senior MP Kavuri Sambasiva Rao, have acknowledged that the ruling party in Andhra Pradesh has fallen into a state of dormancy and stressed on the need to rejuvenate it to meet the challenges being thrown up by opposition parties, the leaders of at least two of which are currently on padayatras to garner support among the people.In a meeting at Gandhi Bhavan on Thursday to mark the launch of the party's membership enrolment drive, MPs, ministers and former PCC presidents suggested various steps to set things right in the Congress. Emphasizing on the need to strengthen the party's presence at the grassroots level, the chief minister said, \"The party workers are our channels and newspapers. PCC should devise a programme to train half-a-dozen young people from each village to propagate to the general public what the party is doing for the people\". Setting the tone for an introspection, former chief minister Nadendla Bhaskar Rao said that a feeling of inactivity was all pervasive within the party. \"It would be wrong to say that the elections were far away when your opposition parties are conducting padayatras. Congress leaders, too, should devise programmes to mobilize the people. An enrolment drive will provide the best opportunity for that,\" he said.Former PCC president K Keshava Rao, however, was of the view that a mere enrolment drive would not serve any purpose. \"The Congress constitution reflects the aspirations of the people. When we promise something, be it Telangana or anything else, we must strive to fulfill it. Then only will the people take us seriously,\" he said. Adopting an aggressive stand, Eluru MP Sambasiva Rao urged the chief minister to take stern action against corrupt officials to put governance in the state on a sound footing. \"The image of the party is getting tarnished by corrupt elements in the government. The government should not hesitate either to suspend or sack these people in order to provide good governance,\" he said.Chiranjeevi admitted that the 120-year oldparty was indeed not in the healthiest of conditions in AP. \"The party should be like an athlete getting ready to face the Olympic challenge. Congress should be rejuvenated with new blood,\" he said. Making an oblique reference to YSR Congress without taking any names, Chiranjeevi said \"A man wants us to believe that a branch which he planted after cutting it off from the Congress is a real tree. The branch looks green for a couple of days; afterwards, it will wilt,\" he said.Acknowledging the prevalence of factionalism in the party, AICC secretary P Sudhakar Reddy urged party leaders to set aside their personal agendas that the state Congress may be strengthened. As to the programme, the chief minister was the first to enroll as member for 2011 followed by former chief minister Bhaskar Rao and other cabinet ministers. PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana presided over the programme.Thursday's meeting went on despite an agitation by Telangana journalists who were demanding action against those officials who had prevented some of their colleagues from going to the CoP-11 venue on Monday.Kiran Kumar said that the party would consider handing identity cards to members right from the booth level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16872725", "title": "Navaratra: Two deities\u2019 blessings sought in a day", "text": "KANPUR: The 'Tritiya' (third) and 'Chaturthi' (fourth) days of Navaratra were celebrated on the same day here on Thursday. Devotees bowed their heads to the goddesses 'Shakti and Siddhi' at various city temples including at Lalita Devi at Massacre Ghat.The ancient temple has a history and a story. For ages, those who have sought spiritual powers through 'sadhna' (meditation) have gathered here every Navratra and practised 'Haath Yog Sadhna' to reach the new heights of spiritualism.This is the only temple of 'Maa Lalita' anywhere in the country besides Datiya. The full name of this pilgrimage is 'Raj Rajeshwari Lalitamba' temple.The other religious significance of this pious place is that it has three temples of different forms of goddesses, namely Lalita Devi, Mata Pitambara and Bagla Mukhi.Though the temple of Lalita Mata is not very well known to the citizens the crowd that gathers in this temple belongs to a special class of those who believes in spiritual powers of the goddess and 'yog sadhana'.It is believed that when goddess Sati jumped into the sacrificial fire, her consort Lord Shiva took her back to 'Kailash'. Several of her body fell on earth and each part they fell on is considered 'siddha peeth' or 'shakti peeth'.\"Temple of Maa Lalita is one of these 'siddha peeths' where probably the left ear of Sati had fallen. After several years devotees discovered it as temple, on the banks of Ganga in the city,\" says Sheetla Nand Nath Ji Shastri, caretaker of the temple.\"Maa Lalita gives everything to her devotees who came to her doorstep with any demand or wish. This is the place where everyone gets everything and that too without applying or following ritual or custom of felicitating the goddess after the fulfillment of their wishes,\" opined Surendra Singh, a regular visitor of the temple.Another reason that gives this old temple historical importance is the fact that Nana Saheb Peshwa fought the British on this bank of the river and thus the name Massacre Ghat, where hundreds were martyred in 1857Goddess of the dayThe third day of Navratri is dedicated to Maa Chandra Ghanta while day four is devoted to Kushmanda Mata. As per Hindu mythology, Chandra Ghanta is the deity that gives powers to devotees to fight their own shortcomings. The configuration of the goddess has imagined with half-moon on her head and 10 hands.The Kushmanda Mata is considered the deity of happiness and smiles. She bestows her devotees with happiness and spiritual courage to move on the tough paths of life. The goddess hence is imagined with a smile on face and has eight hands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16871648", "title": "Woman accuses chat friend of rape", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 38-year-old woman has filed a complaint for rape and unnatural sex against a man who befriended her for the past two years through internet chatting. Police have started search for the accused in the case.According to Danilimda police officials, a 38-year-old woman, resident of Bapunagar, has filed a complaint against Vipul Parmar, 33, a resident of Saijpur, Naroda road, for befriending her and raping her between August 2010 and August 2012. As per her complaint, Parmar kept on promising that he would marry her and got her signature on documents for obtaining a marriage certificate. She mentioned that he took her to various guest houses in Danilimda area and a residence in Memnagar and had sex with her. She has also mentioned that Parmar used to indulge her in unnatural sexual practices despite her protest.In another case, a 20-year old girl has filed a complaint of rape against her father with Meghaninagar police station on Wednesday. She has mentioned in her complaint that he used to exploit her since the age of 13 years. According to her complaint, her father is with the security forces and used to mostly stay out of the city.Last month, he called her to Pune citing his poor health. During her stay at a hotel, he raped her two times and even filmed it. He visited Ahmedabad earlier this month and used that clip to force her to have sex repeatedly. \"We have started searching for the accused and have sent the girl for medical examination,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16871671", "title": "'The film has very good action sequences'", "text": "Odia heartthrob Anubhav Mohanty's debut film 'I Love You' in 2004 was a blockbuster hit breaking box-office records. After the film, there was no looking back for the talented actor, who became a household name. The 31-year-old has been ruling the Odia film industry with over 30 films under his belt now. The actor-turned-producer shares his excitement with Minati Singha about his second production 'ACP Ranveer', releasing in theatres today.What is the USP of 'ACP Ranveer'?It is an action-packed, romantic film. It has all the ingredients of an entertaining film and will be successful in attracting audiences to theatres this Dussehra. Pradip Rawat of 'Ghazni' fame is also a major attraction of the film.ACP Ranveer' is the first Odia film to get worldwide release. How does it feel?A- We are planning to release the film in several multiplexes in USA. We uploaded the film's promos and info on various social networking sites, including Facebook, Twitter, etc., on which young people spend a lot of time. I hope they will watch the film and like it. I want to see Odia films running houseful in theatres outside Odisha. We have decided to conduct a premier show of 'ACP Ranveer' in Bangalore and Surat.Tell us something about your role in the film.For the first time, I have acted as a police officer in 'ACP Ranveer' and it was a challenge for me. It was a wonderful feeling to wear the khaki uniform but I also felt a great sense of responsibility.People will see you in a new avatar in the film with six-pack abs. What extra efforts did you have to take for this?A-I had to work really hard, mentally and physically, for the film. My role of a senior police officer in the film demanded a strong, well-built figure. I had to follow a strict diet and undergo rigorous workouts in the gym.Is 'ACP Ranveer' a big budget film?A- The budget is definitely on the higher side as compared to most other Odia films. The film has some very good action sequences due to which the budget went up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-19"}
