{"city": "patna", "code": "16290435", "title": "CM for strict action against middlemen", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar has directed all the DMs and SPs to jointly launch operation against middlemen and take stringent action against them. If the government employees are found having links with any middleman, they should also be taken to task. \"The middlemen are blocking the benefit of various schemes to the public. It is a big challenge for the DMs and SPs to punish them,\" said the CM on Thursday while reviewing the implementation of the task given to Patna district administration during his 'seva yatra'.The CM directed the chairman of Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) to identify the corrupt assistants and junior engineers and middlemen who ask for bribe from consumers or charge for the tractor to change the burned transformers. \"Send them to jail,\" he said.He also asked the BSEB chairman to publicize the helpline numbers so that public could lodge their complaints about transformers and illegal extortion and directed the SPs to take immediate action against corrupt staff or middlemen.The revenue and land reforms department was directed to dispose of land related issues every Saturday in the presence of circle officers and in charge of police stations concerned and asked chief secretary A K Sinha to issue the directive to all the DMs and SPs for its implementation.The CM also reviewed the working of Right to Public Services Act, midday meal, health, student scholarship, educational reforms, construction of health centres, Mahdalit development schemes, MNREGA, IAY, irrigation, backward region grant fund (BRGF), fencing of graveyards and other issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16291033", "title": "Glasses help the hearing impaired 'see' sounds", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have developed glasses that allow a deaf person to \"see\" when a loud sound such as the honk of a car is made and give an indication of where it came from.Researchers from the Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST) in Daejeon in South Korea made a pair of glasses for deaf people who lack access to such potentially life-saving cues.An array of seven microphones, mounted on the frame of the glasses, pinpoints the location of such sounds and relays that directional information to the wearer through a set of LEDs embedded inside the frame, the New Scientist reported. The glasses will only flash alerts on sounds louder than a threshold level, which is defined by the wearer.The prototype requires a user to carry a laptop around in a backpack to process the signal. However, lead researcher Yang-Hann Kim has stressed that the device is a first iteration that will be miniaturised over the next few years. The KAIST team presented the work at the InterNoise conference in New York City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16295537", "title": "Government sleeping over Tribunal bill", "text": "JAIPUR: A bill that could speed up the trials in the state and deliver timely justice to the people is lingering in the bureaucratic cycle of the state machinery. The advocate general's (AG) office had proposed to set up tribunals (for quasi-judicial matters) in every divisional headquarters in the state and had drafted a bill for the same. However, the bill, sent to the government in 2010, and also a part of government's manifesto in assembly election 2008, is still gathering dust.\"We had given the draft way back in 2010 to the state government. It aims at decentralization of tribunals by establishing it all the divisional headquarters. As per law that these tribunal will have justice in the matters related to co-operative, mines, arms etc could be delivered at the door steps and people feel no need to come to state capital\" said GS Bapna, advocate generalThe state government is the biggest litigant and adds pressure on the working of the high court. However if the bill becomes the act these tribunals will be conferred with the powers to exercise jurisdiction for cases under acts like co-operatives, mines, vehicles, municipal, arms, taxation etc. This will help in disposing theThe bill proposes to constitute an Appellate Tribunal along with its benches at Ajmer, Bikaner, Jodhpur, Udaipur, Kota and Bharatpur. The bench consists of one administrative officer of Rajasthan Judicial Service (RJS) and one administrative member of IAS rank while the Appellate Tribunal will consist of a chairman and members appointed by the state government. The tribunals will have no powers other than the matter specified in the laws included in its schedule which will be primarily of quasi-judicial nature.As of now, the tribunals, which deal with non-civil and non-criminal cases are only in the state capital. People from far off places of the state have to travel to Jaipur for the hearings. In case the deputy secretary or the concerned official is not present or unable to take the issue, the appellant have to wait for another date.However, the sources claim that government is not enthusiastic on the bill. \"The law department has seen the bill but chief secretary has also taken few meetings on it in June. But there is a sense that the recommendations in the bill are feasible and practical\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "sivakasi/chennai", "code": "16290985", "title": "Sivakasi fireworks tragedy: 12 held for blasts, factory owner on the run", "text": "SIVAKASI/CHENNAI: A day after 38 people were killed in a series of explosions at a fireworks manufacturing unit near Sivakasi, police on Thursday arrested 12 people, and the Centre and the Tamil Nadu governments ordered separate inquiries. Those arrested included the man who was running the unit on lease. A hunt is on for its owner , who is on the run.The incident triggered a blame game with the district administration, which is supposed to monitor the units, claiming it was kept in the dark about the cancellation of the factory's licence by the deputy controller of explosives, a central government official. \"We came to know about it only after the accident,\" Virudhunagar collector T N Hariharan said. The licence was cancelled a day before the accident after an inspection found the unit overstaffed and stocking excess explosives.While DGP (fire and rescue operations) Bhola Nath blamed \"human error\" for the accident, Nagpur-based chief controller of explosives T R Thomas, who inspected the spot on Thursday, said he couldn't comment till the investigation was over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16292619", "title": "Vedanta to close Lanjigarh refinery on Dec 5", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With no bauxite in hand and mines stuck under regulatory issues, the Vedanta Aluminium Ltd (VAL) has decided to shut down its refinery at Lanjigarh in Kalahandi district. VAL president and Lanjigarh plant's chief operating officer (COO) Dr Mukesh Kumar on Thursday intimated the state government that the factory was no more in a position to run and would be closed from December 5.VAL's decision is bound to send a wrong signal amongst the prospective investors that mineral-rich Odisha, contrary to the claims of the state government, is far from welcoming industries. The VAL staff carried Kumar's letter addressed to the labour and employment secretary and handed over in the respective department. Copies of the letter were also given to the chief secretary, industry secretary and director of factories and boilers. \"Such a big investment in the state is in jeopardy. No one in the government seems bothered. Our people wanted to meet the secretaries, but were told that they had no time,\" said a senior VAL official.Anil Agarwal's VAL is the only private industrial house to have invested more than Rs 50,000 crore in Odisha for setting up the integrated alumina, aluminium complex. This included 1mtpa refinery at Lanjigarh due for expansion to 6 mtpa capacity 70 per cent work on which has already been completed, 1.75 mtpa capacity aluminium smelter, 1215 mw captive power plant and 2400 mw independent power plant, all at Jharsuguda. \"In retrospect we feel it was a bad decision to go for such huge investments here,\" remarked a senior VAL official. Kumar's letter blamed the state government for not doing enough to provide raw material, bauxite, for the refinery leading to its closure.\"VAL had set up the refinery entailing huge investment in a specific background wherein the government of Odisha had agreed to supply bauxite,\" the letter said, adding detail studies were undertaken on various aspects before signing the final MoU on 7th April 2003 for setting up the refinery. \"It is only on the basis of the MoUs and agreements with the government of Odisha for supply of bauxite that VAL agreed to set up an alumina refinery at Lanjigarh,\" the letter said. Elaborating, the VAL said it had in the past several years has submitted 26 applications to the state government for prospective license/mining lease of bauxite. \"Unfortunately none of the applications could be processed and forwarded for allotment of bauxite mines,\" the company's letter stated.Kumar's letter highlighted how VAL finding the government not keeping its promise for supply of bauxite had desperately tried to source raw materials from different other places including going for imports at high costs. But nothing seemed helping the plant providing livelihood to hundreds of families run smoothly. \"As such, it has become difficult to sustain operations without causing damage to the plant, equipment and machinery. The unit has already incurred financial losses to the tune of more than Rs 2500 crores,\" the letter said adding that Lanjigarh factory was built exclusively with 'low pressure and low temperature technology to treat bauxite available only in the Eastern Ghats and mostly in Odisha.' The VAL said the prevailing situation has left it with no choice but to take such a 'painful' decision to close down the factory as 'further operation is not feasible'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16292588", "title": "'There is no question of me joining Naveen Patnaik's BJD'", "text": "Having stirred a hornets' nest in the BJP recently by offering to step down as the legislature party leader, Kanak Vardhan Singhdeo is seemingly in no mood to take things lying down. In an exclusive interview with Sandeep Mishra, the former minister and Patnagarh MLA admits his decision to quit was linked to his differences with BJP state president Jual Oram .Q-You resigned as BJP legislature party leader, but your central leadership has asked you to continue. What provoked you to step down?A-There are many issues relating to my resignation. It is an internal party matter. I discussed those with central leaders who visited Bhubaneswar recently.Q-It is said you quit as you are not pulling on well with state BJP president Jual Oram. Is that the reason?A-He does not trust me and has no faith on me. Because of which he ignores us (BJP MLAs) when he takes any decision. I decided to quit so that he could have a person whom he trusts.Q-Why this trust deficit?A-Oram is better-equipped to answer this. He blames me for Bhimsen Choudhury (Bonai MLA) attending a meeting at the party office when P A Sangma came during the presidential polls in July. This was a decision of the central party leaders, who asked me to tell Choudhury to attend the meeting because he had been suspended from the party, not dismissed. I told them to inform the state president and organizing secretary about it and they also intimated them. Everybody knows what happened at the meet (Oram refused to accept a garland from Choudhury). I don't understand why he is scared of Choudhury.Q- Prior to this episode also you and other MLAs stayed away from certain party meetings. Why was it?A-Nothing is more important than dignity. We did not attend certain party meets because whenever he (Oram) called us, he just informed us about decisions he had already taken. He never discussed anything with us. We not only felt perturbed but also thought if the leader is calling meetings just to communicate decisions then he could do the same through the media as he has been doing.Q-Some however see your resignation as a ploy to succeed Oram as the state BJP president. Was it a pressure tactic?A-I really don't see the electoral college, which elects the state party president, supporting me. When the president controls entire membership in the party, one can imagine the organizational set-up. Moreover, I am not one to campaign for any post. I never opted to be the legislature party leader; it was the MLAs who wanted me to lead them. Similarly, if the party wants me to take up a responsibility, I will surely shoulder it.Q-Your resignation also sparked speculation of you possibly joining the BJD. Is it something you are considering?A-There is no question of me joining BJD. Why should I quit a party (BJP) that I have served for 23 years?Q-There is a perception that you have a good rapport with BJD supremo Naveen Patnaik . Is that so?A-That's a misconception. In 2002-03, I had stepped down from the then BJD-BJP government headed by Naveen. I was a witness to Naveen sacking Nalinikanta Mohanty. Having seen the manner in which he dropped Nalini babu (alongside Kamala Das and Prashant Nanda in 2001), I would never join such a party and invite a fate similar to that of Nalini babu.Q-Could you elaborate?A-We had a meeting of a cabinet sub-committee chaired by Naveen. It ended around 6:55 am and Naveen asked us, including Nalini babu and me, to come to his chamber to watch the local 7 pm news on TV. The first headline was that of Nalini's dismissal from the ministry. Imagine the predicament of the man. Post-May 29 episode, Naveen talks about betrayal. Who is the real betrayer? Why only Nalini babu (who is no more)? Remember how Bijay Mohapatra was thrown out of the BJD in 2000? He had filed his nomination papers and was called for an urgent meeting, only to learn that his party ticket had been withdrawn at the last moment so as to ensure he could not contest the elections. I am better off fighting Naveen from the front than be stabbed from the back. He is a man with a soothing face but a black heart.Q-Why then did you continue as a minister in the Naveen cabinet till 2009?A-I continued as a minister only after Naveen met our central leaders and assured he would not take any action against any BJP minister without informing the BJP national leadership.Q-What then went wrong before the 2009 polls? Why did the BJD sever ties with the BJP?A-It was betrayal on the part of BJD. People can analyse all events starting from the Bijay Mohapatra ticket denial episode to the 2009 polls and judge for themselves who the betrayer is.Q-Despite all that you are saying Naveen has been very successful in political terms?A-That's because of the media. The media has never ever tried to go after any issue in which Naveen has been cornered.Q-Instead of admitting to the Opposition's deficiencies, why are you blaming the media for Naveen's success?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16290242", "title": "BSF officer faces rape charge", "text": "GURGAON: A serving BSF officer was arrested by Gurgaon police on the charge of raping a woman.The accused was in a live-in relationship with a Gurgaon-based woman who has alleged that he had raped her for two years. Police registered an FIR against the accused, Ashok Kumar , in January this year. The victim, Kamla (name changed), is a resident of Rajender Park in the old city. In her complaint, she has named the accused and stated that he had raped her when they were living together. Police said that the accused was already married and the victim was a divorcee.A police team was sent to Mohali early this week and arrested the accused. A senior police officer said that the accused was brought to Gurgaon and produced in a city court on Thursday. The court sent the accused in police custody for a day and he will be produced in court again on Friday. Police will extensively question the accused about his relationship with the victim. The two had lived in the same flat in Rajender Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16289037", "title": "Couple threatened for marrying without parent's wish", "text": "GONDIA: A youth from Temni village near Gondia was allegedly threatened by the parents of the girl whom he married out of the caste.Rajesh Dongre, who married Sarita Neware, was allegedly threatened by her parents and the village sarpanch that they would be killed if they settled in the same village.Addressing a press conference at the Government Rest House on Tuesday, the two said they belonged to different communities and hence the girl's parents were opposed to the marriage. But they married on July 10 and started living in Asoli village. Since the business of Rajesh was in Temni, they had to come to the village.Sarita's father Mahesh Neware then tried to instigate Sarita through one of her friends to dispense with this relation and come back to Temni. Due to the pressure from the father, Sarita's friend told her to tell her father not to involve her in this affair. On August 29, Sarita told her father to stop harassing her friend. She also told him that she would not come back.An angry Mahesh then contacted sarpanch of the village Shivlal Neware who allegedly threatened Rajesh that he would be killed if he came to Temni.Rajesh then narrated this story at the press conference. He also lodged a complaint at Gondia rural police station. When contacted, sarpanch Shivlal Neware denied his involvement in threatening Rajesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16288956", "title": "GMCH receives major gadgets under PMSSY", "text": "NAGPUR: Though there was a delay in work in the initial phase, the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), which is being upgraded as the state-of-the-art medical college under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojna (PMSSY), now seems to be moving at the right pace. The project is about to enter the second phase.The college was granted Rs150 crore under PMSSY in 2009 with Rs125 crore as the Centre's contribution and Rs25 crore from the state government. Of the Rs40 crore received in the first phase from the union government, it has spent almost whole amount in procuring equipment. The state aid is supposed to be used for construction purposes. Of the state aid of Rs25 crore, GMCH got Rs10 crore from the state on April 18 last year.Speaking to reporters about the expenditure made so far, the college dean Dr Rajaram Powar said initially there was a delay since purchases in medical colleges is a three step procedure due to limited powers at the level of dean, DMER and the state medical secretary. But after the central government recently relegated the responsibility of all procurements to Hindustan Life Care, its procurement firm, the process is being hastened up.The major procurements done by the college so far through tendering by the state government include Rs4.8 crore Cath lab for super specialty hospital (SSH), ventilators (Rs61.42 lakh), D-yag Laser (Rs28.25 lakh), digital radiography X-ray machine (Rs72.97 lakh), mobile X-ray machine with digital cassette (Rs15.99 lakh), haemodialysis machine for SSH (Rs28 lakh), Carbon-di-Oxide Laser (Rs13.15 lakh), sperm quality analyser (Rs15.72 lakh), treatment planning system (Rs63.47 lakh), Slow CRT machine (Rs13.50 lakh), computerized digital radiotherapy machine (Rs30 lakh) Laparoscopy with HD digital camera (Rs72.80 lakh) and a CAT scan machine (Rs13.75 crore). The process for procurement of equipment costing Rs7.28 crore is on.The dean said the new casualty, a mandatory requirement for trauma unit, is ready and hence the work for trauma centre has also begun. The e-library will be ready in another four months. \"Only equipment which are to be set up on a turnkey basis will take some time before they are in place,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16295270", "title": "Paresh Rawal meets Simar &amp; Prem of Sasural Simar Ka", "text": "Bollywood actors are now seen adopting unique and innovative ideas to promote their films.After Akshay, Kareena and Ranbir it's time for talented actor Paresh Rawal to throng various TV shows to promote his upcoming film 'OH My God' . Paresh who plays the role f Kanjibhai in his upcoming film produced by fellow actor Akshay Kumar is an antique shopkeeper. Thus, keeping in mind the basic idea about his character, the actor met two of the popular characters of the small screen Simar and Prem of Color's TV's 'Sasural Simar Ka' played by actors Deepika Samson and Shoaib Ibrahim respectively. Paresh was seen selling the deity of Lord Krishna to Simar and Prem. The Baradwaj family is expecting a baby as Khushi has turned a surrogate mother for Simar.When contacted, Deepika Samson said, \"The Bharadwaj Family is expecting a baby soon so it's an auspicious occasion for the family. What could be better than receiving Lord Krishna's deity from Paresh Rawal.\" Deepika and Shoiab gave their best wishes to Paresh for his upcoming film.Inputs by: Vaibhavi Risbood", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16292344", "title": "Cook commits suicide", "text": "BHOPAL: A middle-aged man allegedly committed suicide in the city on Wednesday. The deceased, Sundar Lal, 50, was a cook in the army at 3 EME centre. The body was found hanging from a tree in front of the deceased house in Machli Market, Bairagarh. The exact reason for the extreme step is still unclear. The police have ruled out possibility of a foul play in the incident.The police said the deceased had left for work on September 3, but did not return after that. There was no missing person report registered with the police. However, Sundar Lal's body was found hanging from a tree in front of his house on September 5. Police said the body was spotted by Santosh, who is the son of deceased's brother-in-law Amar Singh . Subsequently, the police reached the spot and sent the body for autopsy. The police have not recovered any suicide note from the spot. The investigating officials said the deceased was an alcohol addict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16287969", "title": "NIA sleuths join probe", "text": "BANGALORE: Investigation into the two terror modules busted in the state last week was scaled up on Thursday with the arrival of National Investigating Agency sleuths who joined the grilling of the 14 suspects.\"The NIA team is headed by an officer of the rank of superintendent of police. Some more officers are likely to join in a day or two. NIA officials collected information from Nanded and Hyderabad,\" highly placed police sources said.The accused are being questioned by various agencies, including Andhra Pradesh police. \"The Union home ministry is receiving day-to-day reports on the investigation. Given the gravity of the case, NIA too has arrived,\" a senior police officer told TOI.\"NIA sleuths may take a few accused to other places for questioning,\" sources said.What is NIAFormed in 2008 after the co-ordinated attack on Mumbai, NIA is a federal agency approved by the Indian government to combat terror. It's empowered to deal with terror-related crimes across states without special permission from state or jurisdictional police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16292400", "title": "Ramoji Rao\u2019s son Suman dies of cancer", "text": "Eenadu group chairman Ramoji Rao's second son Suman passed away on Friday morning while undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Hyderabad. Reports say that Suman was being treated for cancer for the past 6 years and had breathed his last in the wee hours of Friday. He is 45 and is survived by his wife and two children. Suman will be cremated today in Ramoji Film City. Apart from being the managing director of the ETV group, Suman was also a director, actor, and a producer. He is known for his family drama serials Antarangalu, Sneha, Ladies Detective, Yendamavulu and Kalankitha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288661", "title": "\u2018More advanced locality managements needed to increase awareness\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: While the onus of building civic awareness lies with the municipal corporation, several active citizens concurred that it is high time Mumbaikars shared the responsibility.Anil Joseph, chairperson of Perry Road advanced locality management (ALM) in Bandra, though, said that the establishment of ALMs over the years has helped change this apathetic scenario to some extent. \"Civic consciousness has increased of late and people know what needs to be done to keep their neighbourhood clean and equipped with basic amenities. The BMC should encourage more ALMs in the city.\"Joseph pointed out that the level of awareness in certain parts of the city is \"really low\" and more people should come forward and take the initiative to eradicate this indifference.Other activists added that it is the \"unapproachable behaviour\" of civic authorities that has led to this apathy.\"People are aware of the problems but never take the matter seriously because of the harrowing time they have had to go through, to follow on action after registering a complaint,\" said Daphne Warapen, chairperson of Ambedkar Road ALM in Khar.Warapen added that several times, a BMC official is not available on his or her seat during working hours and eventually citizens give up. \"Civic authorities need to create an environment where people know their grievances will be taken care of.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "16289031", "title": "Protests against \u2018molester\u2019 professor in Kalyan college", "text": "KALYAN: Bachelor of Mass Media students of Birla college on Thursday protested against a professor for allegedly sexually harassing girl pupils. They demanded the college brings back a female professor who resigned as she allegedly could not prevent harassment by the accused.\"Girls say that he calls them to his cabin and passes vulgar remarks,\" said a student requesting anonymity. Another student said \"He threatens girls with poor marks if they report this.\"\"A complaint against the professor has been received. But no girl has come forward with the allegations. A meeting has been called on Friday with students, senior officials and the professor who has resigned,\" said Rukmini Vardhan, vice-principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16289208", "title": "Over 25 thousand MBA, 42 thousand engineering seats vacant in state", "text": "NAGPUR: The writing was on the wall but the actual picture emerged only on Thursday, when admissions to the first year of engineering, MBA and MCA courses concluded. The management faculty has been the worst hit, with almost half the seats vacant across the state.Out of the 59,026 MBA seats in 416 colleges, 25,968 remained empty. Also, as many as 42,692 engineering seats were not filled up from a total of 1,55,102 seats in 360 colleges. Even the popular MCA course failed to attract students this time, with 4,032 seats remaining vacant from 13,350 seats in 148 colleges, according joint director for technical education Gulabrao Thakre.In Nagpur division too, the scenario is not good. Out of the 24,872 engineering seats, 6,712 remained empty. Similarly, 1,789 MBA seats and 148 MCA seats were not filled up.Academicians attribute this trend since last few years to blind expansion of colleges across all streams in the state. \"The mushrooming colleges and seats, which are far more than the number of students who opt for the course is sole reason for this,\" said DK Agarwal, former dean, faculty of engineering, MBA seats.He added that he was sure half of the empty engineering seats would be of IT faculty. \"In IT branch, there is low interchangeability. Students of other branches can do a course or two and go into IT industry, while IT students cannot get into a core engineering company. This deters many from taking this branch,\" he said.Another reason pointed out by Lalit Khullar, director of management studies at Tirpude College, was that there was no increase in seats sought by students. \"MBA in itself is not sought after. It is the combination of the course and some particular, reputed institutions. The number of seats in these colleges has hardly increased, while new colleges are starting, adding to the number of seats which remain empty,\" he said.The fear that this exponential growth in number of seats will affect quality of students is shared by every one. \"Surely, this will happen. Today, the number of seats has increased but the system is not ready to train such a large number of students,\" Khullar said.Academicians are of the opinion that the unregulated growth of colleges was due to lack of proper surveys regarding requirement of seats. \"The numbers given by various agencies are also misleading. There simply aren't enough science students to fill up these many engineering seats,\" Agarwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16289395", "title": "A S Rao Nagar new realty hot spot", "text": "HYDERABAD: A S Rao Nagar is the new high street of Hyderabad. Dwarfing neighbourhood 'kirana' stores and dimly-lit apparel shops are swank supermarkets and high-end retail chains that have mushroomed in the area over the last three years. Little wonder then that leasing rates in this pocket have shot by over 22% since 2011. In fact, according to latest findings of the real estate consultancy firm Cushman &amp; Wakefield, rentals in A S Rao Nagar, which rarely crossed the Rs 50-60 bracket, have touched Rs 90 per square feet (sft) in the last one year.Joining this high street bandwagon are areas such as Himayatnagar, Raj Bhavan Road and Kukatpally, that have seen maximum leasing activity over the past 12 months, the survey revealed. The current lease rates here hover around Rs 100-125 per sft. While the conventional upmarket spaces in Banjara Hills and Jubilee Hills continued to remain the focus areas among retailers, these pockets saw negligible change in rentals owing to crunch in availability. \"Adding to that is the economic slowdown that made these areas unaffordable to some,\" said Navin Nandwani, director (south) of the global firm.Apart from commercial outlets, Hyderabad will also have close to 2.86 million sft of mall space available over the next three years, the survey suggested. Kukatpally alone will see three new malls complete with foreign and domestic retail brands coming up shortly. Market analysts attribute this rapid growth to the increasing population in the area that has shot phenomenally since 2008, the reason being Kukatpally's proximity to the IT hub.And this is only likely to swell in future, they add, considering the expansion plans of several offices on the Hi-Tec City-Madhapur-Gachibowli stretch. In fact, the Cushman &amp; Wakefield research indicates that the city is already staring at a 48% increase in pre-committed office space, with majority of it designed around this belt. But, while the absorption, as per the firm's estimates, is set to touch 3.5 million sft by the end of 2012, it would still be more than one million sft lesser than last year.In 2011, the total office space leased out was 4.65 million sft. \"The demand is expected to increase moderately next year onwards as economic conditions are likely to improve. It would still be driven by the IT sector followed by pharmaceuticals, bio-tech and R&D;,\" said Sanjay Dutt , executive managing director ( South Asia ), Cushman &amp; Wakefield.The residential sector that touched rock bottom first due to recession in 2008 and then the 'T' agitation in 2009, however, has still failed to bounce back. Though the first half of 2011 saw some movement with developers launching 6,000 units, this year only 1,500 homes were put up for sale. The global firm pegs this to the ambiguity in government policy (GO 45 on reserving space for economically weaker sections of society) that led to many developers holding back their launch plans. It speculates that the supplies will jump by 40,000, largely along the western corridor in the next three years.\"But with so many delays in projects, for various reasons, customers now, are only keen on buying homes that are nearing completion. The fate of ventures still under construction continues to be worrisome,\" said a city realtor adding, \"While the prices are nearly back to what they were in 2008, it should have been better by now had we not lost out on four-five years. As against the Rs 7,000-7,500 per sft bracket, homes in Jubilee Hills should have been selling for Rs 13,000-15,000 by now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16290462", "title": "Phone transcript produced in court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 20-page-long sealed transcript of recorded conversation of accused SI Naveen Kumar Sharma, mediator S N Aneja and CBI complainant Sukhbir Singh Shergill was also produced in the court of special CBI judge, Vimal Kumar, on Thursday. The CBI officials claimed that according to the recorded conversation, role of senior police officials, including an IPS and three DSP rank officials of Chandigarh police is also under the scanner and their role would be established in the connection of bribe during the police custody of Sharma and Aneja. CBI sources said the conversation was recorded by complainant Sukhbir Singh Shergill on his cellphone and initial investigation revealed that the accused used the cellphone of his friend Arvinder Singh for talking to the complainant. A top CBI official said the conversation reveals that while talking to the complainant Sharma had claimed that a large portion of bribe would be handed over to the senior officials and he will settle the case registered against him and his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16295564", "title": "Ajay Maken issues show cause notice to PCI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cracking the whip on the Paralympic Committee of India after receiving complaints from the participants in the London Games, sports minister Ajay Maken on Thursday issued a show cause notice to the body.\"On the basis of petitions received from participating paralympic athletes and others, show cause notice being issued to the PCI,\" Maken wrote on his twitter page.Arjuna awardee powerlifter Farman Basha is among the parathletes who have complained of official apathy, saying that the passes of escorts and coaches at the Games Village are being used by officials of the PCI.\"My wife, Antonia sold her jewellery so I could represent India at the Games. She was also supposed to help me get my way around the events. She's my soul mate and I owe my success to her.\"Sadly, today she's stranded outside the Games Village, because Paralympic Committee of India (PCI) members are using the free facilities meant for athletes and their support staff,\" he wrote in a petition.Officials from PCI have, however, denied these allegations.\"We cannot have an escort for every athlete. We have 10 athletes and only six people have been sanctioned to stay inside the Games Village. We are managing things with some people coming early at the Village and leaving late in the evening,\" an official from PCI said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16288212", "title": "West Indies are World T20 favourites, says Fleming", "text": "CHENNAI: Former New Zealand captain Stephen Fleming has overseen the rise of Chennai Super Kings as coach over the last four years. Currently in the city for the junior CSK T20 tournament and a three-day assessment camp ahead of the Champions League in October, Fleming had a chat with TOI on the forthcoming World T20 Championship and a whole host of issues. Excerpts...The World T20 is just round the corner. Who are your favourites?It's West Indies, without a shade of doubt. The kind of variety they have, I think it will be very tough to beat them in the T20 World Cup. When you have the likes of Chris Gayle , Kieron Pollard , Sunil Narine, Dwayne Bravo in your lineup, you should fancy your chances.What do you make of India's chances?With the kind of batting they have, India are a very good side. But I think there are a few loopholes in the bowling. On the placid tracks of Lanka and in T20, the bowling can get exposed. I would like to see how the likes of Zaheer and R Ashwin rise to the occasion.As coach, one of your biggest success stories has been R Aswhin. On the other hand, you have faced Harbhajan Singh on a number of occasions as a batsman. How do you compare the two?Both of them are very skillful bowlers and it's difficult to choose one over the other. Harbhajan, at his prime, was devastating and what stands out is the fact that he has done so well for such a long period of time in Test cricket. Ashwin has been very good in T20s and ODIs, but given another year or so, he, too should become a very good Test bowler. I think India are really fortunate to get such great off-spinners back to back. In fact, it would be great to see them bowling together for a while.Ravindra Jadeja was seen as a T20 superstar when CSK bought him. What went wrong with him?It's true that he had a challenging year and that happens to cricketers of his age. Playing for India as well as CSK, he has often come down to bat late and has been in a bit of a hit-and-miss situation. But he is hard-working and once he identifies where he has gone wrong, I expect him to come back a better cricketer.MS Dhoni, at times, looks more reactive than proactive. Your thoughts?I haven't seen too much of MS as a captain in Tests, so I shouldn't make a judgment. But in the shorter format, I don't think he is reactive. In fact, at times while captaining CSK, he is a little too adventurous.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16291060", "title": "Now, burn your belly fat in just one shot", "text": "WASHINGTON: Soon you can get rid of that beer belly with a single jab! Researchers have developed an injection of a tiny capsule, containing heat-generating cells, which they claim can burn abdominal fat. The mice injected with the capsule in the abdomen initially lost about 20% of belly fat.Researchers were surprised to see that the injected cells even acted like \"missionaries\", converting existing belly fat cells into so-called thermogenic cells, which use them to generate heat. Over time, the mice gained back some weight, but they resisted any dramatic weight gain on a high-fat diet and burned away more than a fifth of the cells that make up their visceral fat which surrounds the organs and is linked to higher risk for Type 2 diabetes , cancer and heart disease. Scientists took advantage of the heat-generating properties of a so-called 'good fat' in body, to cut back on the white cells that compose the visceral fat.They combined those brown fat thermogenic cells with genetically modified cells missing an enzyme that leads to visceral fat growth.The engineered cells were placed inside a gel-like capsule that allowed for release of its contents without triggering an immune response.\"With a very small number of cells, the effect of the injection of this capsule was more pronounced at the beginning, when the mice dramatically lost about 10% of their weight,\" said Ouliana Ziouzenkova, assistant professor of human nutrition at Ohio State University and lead author of the study.\"They gained back some weight after that. But then we started to look at how much visceral fat was present, and we saw about a 20% reduction in those lipids,\" he said.The research has been published in the journal 'Biomaterials'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16290509", "title": "Marking literacy day with kids", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Yi (Young Indians) Chandigarh, Tricity chapter of Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), marked Nutrition Week and World Literacy Day in Government Primary School, Railway Colony, on Thursday. Yi, along with Yi net member Amity Global Business School, have adopted Government Primary School.The adoption is non-financial. Different activities were organized for students, like clay modeling for nursery and Class I, coloring activity for Class II, maths activity for Class III and games to enhance the presence of mind for classes IV and V. It will engage students of the school in co-curricular activities, besides their regular curriculum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16290294", "title": "Candidates do some last-minute legwork", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After days of hectic campaigning, the weary-looking candidates couldn't seem to wait for polling day on Friday. And it was unlikely that the anxious contenders for the college student union elections would get any sleep on Thursday night.On a comparatively quieter day at Post Graduate Government College (PGGC), Sector 11 and DAV-10 - as campaigning had stopped formally -- a nervous energy was palpable amongst candidates.Amandeep Singh Brar, the HAS-HIMSU candidate for the president's post at DAV-10, said, \"We have done all we could do. I haven't got a good night's sleep in a while and I know I'll not be able to sleep on Thursday night either.\"Gurvinder Brar, PUSU-SOI candidate for president at PGGC-11, said, \"I am not sure what will happen on Friday. But I know that we have done enough. I haven't slept properly in the last few days.\" He added, \"I have been here since morning, talking to members of our 'parties' and supporters. I am requesting students to come and vote on Friday,\" added Gurvinder.And while candidates at PGGC-11 were seen around on the campus, meeting students, and urging them to vote, at DAV-10, the college canteen on the first floor had become the 'office' for various student bodies, with candidates discussing various things.But despite it being a 'lean' day on Thursday, the anxiety levels were high and candidates just didn't seem able to relax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16293774", "title": "Officials review steps for Buddhist meet", "text": "VARANASI: Within a week, divisional commissioner, Chanchal Kumar Tiwari held two meetings of the officials to take stock of the preparation for the forthcoming international Buddhist conclave scheduled from September 28 to 30. In his first meeting on August 31, he assigned works to different departments with instruction of immediate compliance. He held another meeting on Wednesday to review the progress of works. However, he came to know that no progress was made so far. He instructed all to complete the works on war footing by September 20.The UP Jal Nigam had been asked to repair the road between Police Lines and Ashapur crossing, however, he found that the agency was yet to begin the work even after five days. Taking it seriously, he asked the officials to begin the work immediately.He said he would inspect the work himself after two days. The PWD was assigned to look after the roads in areas like Ashapur-Sarnath, Police Lines-Maqbool Alam Road-Lahurabir, Godowlia-Dashashwamedh Ghat and other roads. Similarly, the commissioner had also instructed the municipal authorities to ensure proper cleanliness and sanitation in the city and ghats along the Ganga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16289143", "title": "Cop 'kidnapper' NCP leader walks free", "text": "NAGPUR: Barely 24 hours after he had allegedly abducted a constable on duty in his car with the help of two others, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) student wing leader Vishal Larokar, his brother Jagdish and their accomplice Ujwal Khichchi were set free on bail by a court. With an instruction to cooperate with the investigating officer the court ordered a surety of Rs5,000 on each.The three were granted bail by judicial magistrate first class GV Jangde (Deshpande) after being produced before at her Ravi Nagar residence shortly before Wednesday midnight. The trio was produced before the court during working hours earlier in the day. Though a medical examination was conducted after their arrests, they made allegations of being beaten up by police in the custody making court send them for another round of tests at Mayo hospital to ascertain the nature and degree of any physical injuries to them.For reasons that are not clear, their medical examination took more than six hours. The report too was not sent along with the trio. The report, it is now learnt, would be sent to the court later. Earlier, Rana Pratap Nagar police had sought a week's custody of the accused to quiz them about the kidnapping and threatening their constable Khemraj Shenwar of Rana Pratap Nagar in the late hours of Tuesday.When the three made allegations of torture, senior inspector S Sable of Rana Pratap Nagar police station and public prosecutor present in the court did not deny it.Shenwar had gone to the eatery belonging to Larokars, learnt to be politically connected and close to a senior NCP leader, urging them to follow the rule of shutting the place by 11pm as per the instruction of the city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay. Vishal, Jagdish and Khichchi started arguing with the constable before pushing him inside their car and driving away. Sitabuldi police intercepted the car at Jai Stambh chowk and the cop was rescued. The three were later handed over to Rana Pratap Nagar police where the offences were registered.The court asked PI Sable why he did not accept trio's complaint and urged the accused to submit their grievances at the police station.High court pleader Nitin Sambre said that the law of the bail has been further diluted by the Supreme Court while deciding Kanimozhi's plea. \"As of today, bail seems a matter of right and rejection an exception,\" he said. \"The court has exercised its discretion to grant bail rather than sent them to jail,\" said Sambre. He added that custodial interrogation in offence under Section 353 of IPC for obstructing public servant to discharge duty may not be necessary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16287931", "title": "August 11 riot: Law on provocative speech invoked", "text": "MUMBAI: The police on Thursday invoked a law, which deals with making statements with the intention to cause mischief, in connection with the August 11 violence. This assumes significance as the cops have maintained that there is prima facie evidence to show that provocative speeches were made at the Azad Maidan rally that preceded the rioting, which left two dead and dozens injured.Section 505 (1) (C) of the IPC pertains to a statement being made \"with intent to incite, or which is likely to incite, any class or community of persons to commit any offence against any other class or community\". Persons making such statements can be punished with a jail term of up to three years and a fine, or both.The special investigation team probing the case suspects that at least two speeches delivered at the rally were provocative. Sources said invoking Section 505 was an indication that the police were likely to book the two community leaders who reportedly delivered the speeches. \"A couple of speeches appear to be provocative. We are still legally examining them before coming to any conclusion. It's a sensitive issue and needs to be dealt with very carefully,\" a senior police officer said.However, a community leader said:. \"Some local maulvis may have provoked the youths. But we have proof that to show that no such speeches were given at the rally. The troublemakers were outside the venue.\"Meanwhile, Salim Mehtab Shaikh and Amir Yunus Shaikh who were discharged under Section 169 of the CrPC after confirming that they were not involved in the rioting, were released from jail on Thursday.Last week, three others\u2014 Anees Dawre, Aslam Ali Shaikh and Abbas Ujjainwala\u2014were also discharged. Abbas's mother Batul Ujjainwala has written to joint commissioner (crime) Himanshu Roy, appreciating the manner in which the police have conducted the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16289044", "title": "Flood alert called off in Chanda", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Owing to less rain two gates of Irai dam were closed while remaining five were lowered to 0.5 meters during late night hours of Wednesday. With this the looming danger of flooding in low-lying areas along the Irai river has passed.As it did not rain on later part of Wednesday, the input to the reservoir of Irai had gradually decreased. After the level of dam reached 207 meter mark, the gates were lowered. Five gates of Irai dam were still open by 0.5 meters to maintain the water level. Gradually they too will be closed after inflow of water from Chargaon dam in catchment area is closed.\"Chargaon dam in catchment area is overflowing. Hence to release the water which Irai reservoir is getting from there, we have kept five gates open. The water level is maintained at 207 metres,\" said In-charge of Irai dam Nitin Punekar.People residing in low-lying areas of the town also breathed easy after the flood alert was called off. The flood water (from Irai) had reached the doorsteps of many houses in Rahmatnagar and Jagannathbaba Nagar. The water level however receded after doors of the dam were lowered. Administrative officer said that danger has passed and now there is not threat of floods.Situation under control in GadchiroliGadchiroli: Flood situation in Gadchiroli too is under control. District received 76.3mm rainfall with average of 6.3mm per tehsil during last 24 hours. Kathani river is overflowing on Nagpur road and traffic on Nagpur-Gadchiroli is closed. Parlkota river on Allapalli-Bhamragad road is still in spate, but its level has receded a bit. Sources claimed that the bridge is submerged by a foot, still people are risking their lives by riding their vehicles across. Water level in inundated Gadvi, Sati and Andhadi rivers too have receded and roads to Wadsa, Korchi and Kurkheda are now open.22,000 hectare crops damaged in WardhaWardha: Torrential rains on Wednesday damaged 22,000 hectare crop land in Wardha district. On Thursday, guardian minister visited the deceased families in Arvi and handed over Rs2 lakh compensation. Rs10,000 aid was given to the families whose member(s) were injured in the flash floods. Seven families of Wardha district too got compensation.On Wednesday, 210mm rainfall was recorded in Arvi taluka, which is four times more than the average limit of 65mm. Seven of eight talukas received average 90mm rainfall while in Selu it was 57mm. More than 200 domestic animals died and 350 families were affected in the rain havoc. As many as 31 out of 32 gates of Upper Wardha dam was opened.District information officer Anil Gadekar said that taluka-level committees comprising agriculture and revenue department officials have been made to evaluate the actual loss to the farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16290225", "title": "Arrest Orchid Infra owner: Contractors", "text": "GURGAON: A group of 20 contractors protested outside office of Orchid Infra Tech on Thursday afternoon demanding the arrest of Rajiv Gupta, owner of the firm.The protesters blamed Gupta for the suicide of Ashok Kumar Shekhawat, another contractor, who jumped off the eighth floor of Galaxy Apartments on Tuesday afternoon. Shekhawat was no paid dues of about Rs 6 crore by Orchid Infra and allegedly threatened by Gupta's men. The contractors said Gupta has been holding up their payments for a long time and demanded police action against him.Gupta and his aides, however, have gone missing. \"When a police team went to detain the accused for questioning, they were not found. Others named in the FIR, Vipin Sharma, Deepak and J S Chawla are also missing,\" said an investigating officer.The victim's family alleged that Shekhawat was tortured and humiliated by the accused. \"He was under severe stress due to payment defaults, bank loans and pending repayments. This may have forced him to commit suicide,\" said a relative of the victim. The protesters claimed that Gupta owed them as much as Rs 50 crore and lodged a police complaint. \"I knew Shekhawat for several years. We are seeking police help as Orchid Infra has refused to payback,\" said Nitin Goel, a city-based contractor.The contractors are now planning legal action against the company. \"All of us are willing to give testimony to police about the harassment we have undergone in past three years,\" said S K Gupta, another contractor. When contacted, Orchid Infra refused to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16290481", "title": "e-governance boost for traders", "text": "PATNA: Bihar on Thursday joined the select league of the country's states where e-governance has become the operative norm to handle matters related to inter-state and other trade and business activities by their respective commercial taxes department (CTD), as its CTD also started the online issuance of statutory C-Form to conduct inter-state trade activities by traders in compliance with the statutory norm.Inaugurating the launch of the online issuance of statutory C-Form here, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , who also heads the CTD, said. \"Most of our services have become online. The most satisfying part of the Bihar's e-governance story in CTD is that we are the first in the eastern region, and also ahead of Uttar Pradesh (UP).\"With this, the Bihar traders engaged in inter-state trade would be able to download the statutory C-Form from the official website of CTD www.biharcommercialtax.gov.in after fulfilling certain conditions online. As many as 11,000 computer-enabled traders, each with annual tax liability of more than at least Rs 50,000, would be able to avail themselves of the new facility. \"If they conduct inter-state trade using C-Form, then they would have to pay only 2% central sales tax (CST). Otherwise, they would have to pay the existing 10-12% tax rate,\" Modi saidBihar Industries Association (BIA) president K P S Kesri and Bihar Chamber of Commerce and Industries (Bpresident O P Sah were among those who hailed the latest development. The related software has been prepared by TCS, and its five personnel would be available in the department to solve the initial teething problems faced by traders during the next three months.In Bihar, the computer-enabled traders have already been making e-payment of taxes, filing e-returns, and the details of goods carried on trucks by way of road permit are also uploaded for cross-checking by officials armed with laptops at check posts, Modi said.According to him, the online issuance of the mandatory C-Form would make things transparent, eliminate human intervention which earlier led to harassment of traders by CTD officials and also end corruption, apart from augmenting tax collection by the department. As Modi said, e-governance had already increased tax collection by the department over the last five financial years.During the current financial year itself, the department had collected Rs 3,228.05 crore against the target of Rs 3,274.08 crore till August 31. \"The achievement of the department is 96.6%. The tax collected till August 31 this year is 25.79% more than the amount collected during the corresponding period last financial year,\" Modi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16290048", "title": "Victims\u2019 kin are angry, disillusioned", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the victim families of the Delhi high court blast, time has failed to heal their mental wounds. The loss is something they say they can still cope with, but not the manner in which the 15 people who lost their lives in the attack have been forgotten.Sangeeta Sharma lost her husband Ashok Kumar Sharma in the blast. \"We have been running from pillar to post for his provident fund without luck. Also, the people have suddenly remembered us after a year. Where were they when we needed their support the most?\" she said.Sangeeta said she was disappointed with the investigation too. \"Most of the accused are roaming free. The NIA chargesheet has failed to nail Wasim. Is the government at all serious in providing justice to the 15 people who lost their lives and another 50 who were injured in that blast?\"Dipak Shroff, the son of late Ratan Lal Shroff echoed her sentiments. \"Our business has suffered without his acumen. It's painful not to see him around. Such a violent death is irreconcilable,\" he said. \"Looking at the bigger picture, I had hoped the government would finally wake up. But look at Kasab. He is still alive with the state spending crores on him. Even Parliament attack accused Afzal Guru is not likely go to the gallows. Wasim will be no exception,\" he said.Till date, 14 claimants have received the Rs 10 lakh compensation while one Darshan Lal Jain's family is yet to receive any compensation due to some legal tangles. Among the injured, there are several who claim the government has not done enough for them. One such person is Mahesh, a hawker of Sarojini Nagar who had gone to the high court on a hearing. \"I have lost my hearing ability in one ear. But the RML doctors claim it is only a minor irritant. Now I have been left high and dry,\" claimed Mukesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16289873", "title": "980 buses to be taken off roads soon", "text": "KOLKATA: A whopping 9550 commercial vehicles, including 980 buses, registered between January 1, 1993 and August 31, 1997 in the Kolkata Metropolitan area (KMA) will face the music soon. The transport department has submitted a detailed report on commercial vehicles needed to be ttaken off roads tataken off roads before a division bench of Calcutta high court on Thursday. the state transport department furnished detailed figures of the commercial vehicles to be scrapped.The department, however, claimed that this is only a fraction of the total number - 38284 - mentioned in the report. These vehicles will be withdrawn from the roads since they still as only a few of these 15-year-old commercial vehicles have valid Certificates of Fitness (CF) and are plying on the roads.However, the report revealed that out of 38,284 more than 15-year-old commercial vehicles, only 9550 had obtained CF. So these vehicles will need to be forced out of the road.These vehicles include buses, taxis and goods vehicles registered in Kolkata (PVD), Howrah, North 24-Parganas, South 24-Parganas, Hooghly and Nadia regional transport offices. In 2008, the division bench of Calcutta high court had banned 15-year-old commercial vehicles from the streets under the Kolkata Metropolitan area (KMA).According to transport experts, 9550 is quite a big number. If these vehicles are taken off the roads suddenly, the impact will be huge. Among these vehicles, a substantial number will be buses which will hit the daily commuters. The report said, of the 4227 buses registered in this period, 980 are needed to be taken off roads as they had obtained CFs. An official said since the rest of the buses don't have valid CFs now, it can be assumed that they have already been withdrawn. since these and can be identified quickly.Transport secretary B P Gopalika, in the report, also claimed that a number of buses registered in this period have already been taken off the roads. However, 980 is not a minuscule number. The replacement will take some time. Till then, the passengers will face tough times. However, the bus-operators have threatened that they won't replace the old fleet, unless there is a fare revision.In Kolkata alone, 858 buses were registered in this period. According to the government report, only 95 of them have obtained CFs. However, on the city roads, quite a few commercial vehicles continue to ply without the CFs or tax-tokens, thanks to the lax enforcement. A large chunk of taxis are also under the scanner. Of the 4983 cabs registered in this period, 2836 had taken CFs and are needed to be withdrawn from the roads.Earlier, the state transport department had issued notification banning the commercial vehicles registered before August 31, 1997 in KMA. All RTOs in KMA have locked the certificate of fitness (CF) and permits of vehicles registered prior to August 1997. Owners of these vehicles will not be able to get these mandatory documents renewed and no vehicle can run without a CF and permit.State government has offered a one-time-incentive of Rs 75,000 to each bus operator to replace old buses with new ones that comply with Bharat Stage-IV emission standards. However, a majority of bus operators are unhappy with the order and the proposed incentive. \"The order will only expedite the death of bus services. Already, we are in a moribund state because there has been no fare revision,\" said Tapan Banerjee, joint secretary of Joint Council of Bus Syndicates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16295475", "title": "Gujarat University VC appoints a spokesperson", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat University has appointed acting registrar, Arvind Bhandari as the spokesperson of Gujarat University. Gujarat University will be the first university in the state to have spokesperson. Bhandari will not hold briefings on important events and issues related to the GU, but will also be answerable to the students and the people coming for the agitations.Executive member and former deputy chief minister Narhari said that \"There is no post of a spokesperson in any of the university. And the registrar is the administrative head and he cannot be appointed as the spokesperson. The VC is the spokesperson.\"Meanwhile, the GU is yet to update its website which still names Dr Mukul Shah as the acting VC while Baldev Patel, who resigned as the registrar some weeks ago, is still named at the registrar. \"The GU claims to post results and important stuff on the website for students. However, they are yet to update the key developments of the university,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "16289316", "title": "Amravati Municipal Corporation mulls concession on LBT to industries", "text": "AMRAVATI: To encourage industrialization, Amravati Municipal Corporation (AMC) is planning to give concession on local body tax (LBT) and house tax to the industries in the MIDC. In this regard the AMC will send a proposal to the state government requesting permission to charge reasonable property tax and LBT from MIDC industries. A decision to this effect was taken in AMC general body meeting on Thursday.Corporator Bablu Shekhavat said that hefty taxes would add to the woes of the entrepreneur. Earlier, AMC used to charge housing tax at 0.15 paisa per sq ft, but it hiked the rate to Rs2.10. Shekhavat urged AMC to charge of 0.35 paisa per sq ft. Corporators Shila Bajaj, Prashant Wankhade (BJP) and others supported the proposal. It was decided in the general body meeting that the proposal would be forwarded to the state government for approval.Corporator Bhushan Bansod said that many people from slum areas of Siddharth Nagar and Bhim Nagar localities have not been included in the BPL list, hence deprived of many government schemes. Alleging that AMC officials have misled poor people, corporator Anil Gondane demanded action against the officials. Corporator Pradip Dande said that AMC should conduct a fresh survey of BPL people. Prashant Wankhade supported Dande.said that making a list of BPL is a continuous process and AMC should send a proposal to the government for developing a system in AMC itself for identifying and certifying people with BPL cards, he said.To this, mayor Vandana Kangale assured that a proposal to conduct fresh survey for identifying BPL people would be sent to the state government soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16293537", "title": "VS Achuthanandan backs CBI inquiry in TP Chandrasekharan\u2019s murder case", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Opposition leader VS Achuthanandan has said the suspicion of TP Chandrasekharan's widow K K Rema about the role of top CPM leaders in the murder of TP needed to be cleared through a CBI inquiry.Speaking to reporters here on Thursday, VS said that the demand for a CBI inquiry into the murder and conspiracy cases raised by TP's family and Revolutionary Marxist Party leaders was reasonable.\"The doubts that some CPM leaders are involved in the case need to be cleared. Chief minister Oommen Chandy and home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan should take an appropriate decision,\" VS said.By airing a different opinion in public, VS has once again conveyed that he did not subscribe to the version of the CPM state leadership in the case.The stand of VS ever since the day of the murder had caused headaches to the CPM leadership. The central committee found VS's acts as anti-party and censured him last month.Though the CC asked him to confess in public about the deviation from the party line in the issue, VS was not ready to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16291608", "title": "Small units not open to insurance", "text": "CHENNAI: Despite the high number of accidents, most small fireworks manufacturing units in Sivakasi have still not woken up to the idea of taking insurance covers . Insurance companies say many units go for insurance covers only when financial institutions which lend them money insist on one.One reason why the units don't go for insurance covers is that insurers insist on a site inspection before issuing a policy. \"Many of these units are unorganised in nature and flout rules at will. We insist on certain safety precautions during our risk management survey. If these are not complied with, we don't issue a policy or if we do, it will have a high premium,\" said an insurer, on condition of anonymity. The firecracker units in Sivakasi can be covered under two policies . One is a general fire policy which covers the factory, machinery and stocks. Another is a personal accident policy which can be taken by workers themselves individually or the manufacturing unit can opt for a group cover. \"A worker can get a cover for up to 1 lakh with the yearly premium being as low as 80,\" said Dr Amarnath Ananthanaryanan , MD &amp; CEO, Bharti AXA General Insurance. But insurers say bigger fireworks manufacturers in the region are more aware of the risks. \"The bigger fireworks factories have gone in for insurance. In many cases they have also opted for a higher coverage (by paying a higher premium) as matter of prudence because of the nature of the industry they operate in,\" said another insurer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16290217", "title": "Sibal blames pvt sector for policy paralysis", "text": "New Delhi: Amid repeated complaints of policy paralysis, communications and HRD minister Kapil Sibal on Thursday sought to dispel the notion of inaction and suggested that it was for the private sector to act after a series of measures by the government.\"We have taken decisions after decisions. If there is paralysis, it is the rollout of those decisions and it depends on the private sector. Private sector must see the opportunity and ensure there is rollout,\" he said at an event while suggesting that telecom operators need to go above self-interest and look at the larger opportunities awaiting the sector.Sibal's reference was mainly to slow rollout of 3G services, which have not gained large subscriber base, although operators say that the numbers are slowly growing. Sources in Sanchar Bhawan said the minister is of the view that the communications ministry has done its bit by rolling out the broadband policy, the new telecom policy and even putting the 2G spectrum auction back on track with even an extended deadline from the Supreme Court.The telecom industry, while acknowledging that the government had initiated steps, believes that market dynamics and the poor economic environment have impacted the sector. \"The industry has been starved for investment after paying such a large amount (for spectrum) to the government. If there been a delay in roll out, it's been due to scarcity of capital, high spectrum prices paid and high burden of levies and now the threat of having to pay high spectrum charges for 2G and the general uncertainty on the economy,\" said Rajan Mathews, director general of lobby group Cellular Operators Association of India.The regulatory environment and the high debt levels of several companies have impacted the share prices as fund raising has been hit by adverse market conditions. At the event, the minister also suggested that most private players were not pushing the industry's cause but were looking at their own interests.\"Each telecom operator when he comes to me, his focus is his business, his future.... If your self-interest is your driving force then Newton's law of motion will apply. Every action will have an equal and opposite reaction. What will happen is your self-interest will be ultimately hurt,\" Sibal said.He said the government has framed a clear-cut policy for the telecom, IT and communication sectors for the next 10-15 years. He asked private operators to seize those opportunities and work in larger public interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289319", "title": "Ease leave norms to curb suicides in Army: A K Antony", "text": "New Delhi: Directing the armed forces to step up measures to reduce suicides, fratricides and officer-jawan face-offs in their ranks, defence minister A K Antony on Thursday said the military needs to institutionalize a more liberal grant of leave mechanism for soldiers.The minister asked the Army, Navy and IAF to ensure \"very prompt responses\" to soldiers' leave applications, while holding that the defence ministry would ask railways to ensure seats for military personnel going home.Chairing a top-level meeting attended by the three service vice-chiefs, defence secretary and other officials, the minister said he would again request chief ministers and Union Territory Lt-Governors to make their civil district administrations more responsive to grievances of soldiers and their families.Antony also asked the Defence Institute of Psychological Research to conduct a separate study on the stress-levels among officers, like the ones already done for jawans, as well as recommend \"comprehensive steps\" to tackle suicides, fragging (to kill or wound a fellow soldier) and other such cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "16291181", "title": "Post-threat, Pak ups nuclear-site security", "text": "LAHORE: Pakistan has deployed large contingents of army and police at one of the country's biggest nuclear facilities in Dera Ghazi Khan in the Punjab province following intelligence interceptions of a strike threat from terrorists.Security was beefed at sensitive installations, specially at nuclear sites, to avert any attack on the lines of one on Kamra airbase, during Pakistan Defence Day, which is being observed on Thursday, officials said.\"There have been threats to all installations, including the Dera Ghazi Khan nuclear site, in the current law and order situation in the country,\" Dera Ghazi Khan district police chief Chaudhry Saleem said on phone.\"After the attack on Kamra airbase, we have been asked to remain extra vigilant. Police divisions are ready to respond to any emergency call,\" he said. Security had been further enhanced around the nuclear site in Dera Ghazi Khan after the attack on Kamra airbase on August 16, he said.A Lahore police official said that a circular issued by the Punjab Police chief's office had directed the police chiefs of 36 districts to beef up security around sensitive installations due to \"credible reports of terrorists' attacks\". Earlier, The Express Tribune reported that security had been stepped up at the nuclear facility in Dera Ghazi Khan after the ISI intercepted a telephone call during which militants were heard discussing an attack on the installation.The daily quoted sources in the military and Punjab Police as saying that the nature of threat at the nuclear installation is \"serious\", with an 80% chance of occurrence.This could be the first security threat to a nuclear facility in Pakistan and the army and security forces are taking no risks, the report said. An unnamed high ranking military officer serving at the installation was quoted as saying: \"Dera Ghazi Khan houses one of the largest nuclear facilities in the country and has faced the first ever serious security threat from the Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan.\"According to an official who works at the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission, a key military and civilian fuel cycle site is located 40 km from Dera Ghazi Khan. The site comprises uranium milling and mining operations and a uranium hexaflouride conversion plant. Besides the deployment of security forces inside and around the nuclear installation, three army divisions in the southern part of Punjab were asked to launch a crackdown against banned groups, the daily quoted its sources as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16292544", "title": "Female cop caned and kicked by mob", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Reacting sharply to some Congress supporters assaulting a policewoman during the party's rally here on Thursday, the Constable and Habildar Association of Odisha threatened to go on a ceasework agitation if the culprits were not arrested within 48 hours.The female constable, identified as Pramila Padhi of Infocity police station, was pushed to the ground, caned and kicked by a mob during a violent clash between police and Congress supporters on Mahatma Gandhi Marg.\"It is height of hooliganism by Congress supporters. If her assaulters are not arrested within 48 hours, we will boycott duties and hit the streets,\" state president of the association Padmanabh Behera said.The association members also threatened to abstain from the security duties of Congress VVIPs in future. \"Some of our members, deployed to provide security to Jagdish Tytler were held hostage and beaten up by Congress supporters. Our van was also damaged. Under such circumstances, we cannot serve the Congress VVIPs in state,\" Behera said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16288980", "title": "OBC leaders too demand quota in job promotions", "text": "NEW DELHI: The politically-powerful OBC bloc has begun to flex its muscles for reservation in promotions, casting a shadow on the bill to restore the facility for SCs/STs that has already run into resistance from Samajwadi Party and BJP.A day after DMK chief M Karunanidhi supported the demand for \"promotion quota\" for OBCs on par with the one proposed for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes, other chieftains like Lalu Prasad and N Chandrababu Naidu on Thursday threw their weight behind the fresh quota clamour.Wednesday had also seen members of OBC Parliamentary Forum , headed by Congress's V Hanumantha Rao, demanding that the Centre bring a law to institute \"promotion quota\" for backwards. The OBC Forum, a pressure group comprising members of all political parties, submitted a formal demand to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.The flurry of statements from backward satraps seeking parity with dalits and tribals coincides with the Centre's effort to amend the Constitution to clear the legal hurdles holding up restoration of \"promotion quota\" for SCs and STs.The demand to extend \"promotion in reservation\" to OBCs is not new but had so far been expressed more as a wish. The OBC leadership still appears to acquiesce into the reality, though increasingly grudgingly, that the special circumstances of dalits and tribals -- from untouchability to primitive living conditions -- placed them on a special footing insofar as affirmative action was concerned.Even on Wednesday, the DMK chief stressed that he was not demanding a \"promotion quota\" for OBCs as a condition for supporting the Constitution amendment bill for SCs and STs. He even urged political parties to support the bill introduced in Rajya Sabha.However, the chorus over the past few days marks the beginning of the transformation of the hope into a sense of entitlement; one that was strongly articulated by SP in the all-party meeting held on August 21 to discuss the Constitution amendment bill and, again, on Wednesday after the legislation was introduced in Rajya Sabha.Political observers find the pitch significant also because of the growing vulnerability of the regime at the Centre, pointing out that their success in 1990 when they coaxed the then PM V P Singh to implement the Mandal Commission's recommendation for an OBC quota in central services could be the inspiration.Although supported by every political party, implementation of \"Mandal award\" had not seemed a realistic prospect until Singh, anxious to continue in office, made the fateful announcement in August 1990.The demand from backward leaders ties in with the grudge among their core constituents that 'promotion quota' for dalits puts them back in their professional careers. SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav angrily complained on Wednesday that \"promotion quota\" for dalits and tribals would turn \"juniors into seniors and vice versa\".\"Who will tolerate this,\" the SP chief thundered just after his troops in Rajya Sabha tried to stop the government from introducing the Constitution amendment bill.In their grievance against the \"special status\" for dalits and tribals in quota matters, they have a ready compact with upper castes. Leaders like Mulayam see this convergence of grievances as a political opportunity that can be milked at the hustings. Entrenched upper caste lobbies in Congress and BJP are not unhappy, as they hope to leverage the OBC clamour for parity with dalits and tribals in \"promotion quota\" to thwart the passage of the bill.BSP supremo Mayawati on Thursday demanded that the Centre extend the monsoon session, ending on Friday, by 10 days to pass the bill.She said the continued disruption in Parliament showed that the Centre was only playing the charade of trying to pass the bill. She demanded that the Centre restore order in Parliament by talking to BJP on Coalgate and to parties opposed to the bill. \"Else, dalits will never forgive the two-faced central government,\" she said.The bill seeks to amend the Constitution to exempt promotion quota for dalits and tribals from the criteria of 'backwardness, adequate representation and administrative efficiency'. The apex court has made the three conditions mandatory for giving promotion quota to SC/STs.In its Indira Sawhney judgment of 1995, the SC had, while upholding Mandal Commission's recommendations, termed promotion quota for all categories -- dalits, tribals and OBCs -- as unconstitutional. The Centre amended the Constitution to insert Clause (4A) in Article 16 to insulate 'promotion quota' for dalits and tribals from the apex court verdict, but left the OBCs out.The differentiation stands, with the personnel ministry telling Parliament on Wednesday, \"The provisions of the Constitution do not enable the government for making provisions for reservation in promotion in favour of OBCs.\" It said the government was not considering any proposal for promotion quota to OBCs and backward minorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16290546", "title": "Mega projects can wait, Kochi needs basic amenities", "text": "KOCHI: At a time when the city is dressing up to welcome investors from across the globe, residents remain skeptical about the success of mega projects mooted through the Emerging Kerala Summit.They point out that local bodies and the state government have failed to keep their promise of improving the basic infrastructure facilities in the city. The city has no dearth of development projects but most of them are still on paper. From water supply to West Kochi to a clutch of flyover projects and rail overbridges, plans abound, but in reality, residents are forced to deal with traffic snarls, waterlogged roads, shortage of drinking water and stinking piles of garbage.Two prominent resident associations - the Ernakulam District Residents Association Apex Council (EDRAAC) and the Residents Association Apex Council, Ernakulam (RAACE) - have pointed out a few projects which could improve the living conditions in Kochi.\"It is important to provide good roads, clean environment, reliable transportation facilities and efficient garbage disposal systems to attract people to the city. If these things are taken care of, investors will take interest in development activities,\" said S Balakrishnan, president, RAACE.Oblivious to the residents' lament, the Kochi corporation, Greater Cochin Development Authority and the Public Works Department (PWD) are engaged in a blame-game. Here's a look at the various basic infrastructure projects, which would make life better in this city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16294387", "title": "Aanjjan Srivastav in Moteram!", "text": "Veteran actor Aanjjan Srivastav, who is currently working in Sunshine Productions' Na Bole Tum Na Meine Kuch Kaha, will soon be seen in a cult play. Aanjjan Srivastav will act in Munshi Premchand's Moteram, a play that is perhaps one of the most famous in the history of Indian theatre.The talented actor says with a lot of pride, \"When I used to do this play, I was quite young and it used to be a full house always. To perform in front of a live audience was definitely a big high.\" Srivastav was in his mid thirties then and now he is in his mid sixties.The actor talks about coping with the rehearsals alongside his show, \"Theater is my first commitment and always will be. Right now we all are charged up and doing our rehearsals. Our first show is on 7th September (today)\".Srivastav's theatre career boasts of very prominent plays. \"IPTA holds a special place in my heart and the man behind this play, MS. Sattu, is a legend. My sincere initiative is somewhat connected with these two factors. The best part of this play is the message that it sends out: politics and religion should not be mixed. And we are happy that after doing 80 shows, we are back yet again. The tickets for the next show have already been sold out! What else can an artiste demand?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16292835", "title": "Power production hit in district", "text": "BOKARO: Heavy rainfall in the district has affected production of steel, power and coal companies in the district. Several units of Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) specially which are situated in low lying areas witnessed heavy water logging on Thursday. Chief of communication, Sanjay Tiwari said production was slightly affected because of water logging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh/gurgaon", "code": "16290220", "title": "HC quashes allotment of panchayat land to builders", "text": "CHANDIGARH/GURGAON: Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday quashed the allotment of prime land in several villages of Gurgaon to real estate firms and private individuals.The land, measuring 24 acres and worth crores of rupees, was allotted to 20 builders between 2008 and 2009 in Sectors 58-63 and Sectors 65-67 of Gurgaon by the department of consolidation and holdings allegedly in violation of the Consolidation Act.With these orders the land would be returned to the panchayats. Much of the land in question is in Gawal Pahari, Behrampur area of Gurgaon.A senior Haryana IAS officer who is at present Director, department of consolidation and holdings, Ashok Khemka, had also written a letter to the Haryana government alleging that his predecessors had allotted the land in favour of builders without any jurisdiction and in violation of the relevant statute.The orders were passed by a division bench headed by Acting Chief Justice Jasbir Singh while allowing a bunch of petitions filed by Khusi Ram and others.The petitioners in this case had sought directions to quash the orders passed by the Director, department of consolidation and holdings, Haryana, transferring land in favour of these realtors.The land was allotted in favour of some private realtors by the department of consolidation and holdings from 2008 to 2009, while the consolidation proceedings of the land in question were completed 40 to 45 years ago.In his letter, written on July 25, just seven days after taking the charge of the department, Khemka had also alleged that his predecessors, S C Goel and Anil Kumar (both IAS), appear to have passed several orders under the Consolidation Act in gross abuse of position by them.While holding that \"involvement of higher-ups cannot be ruled out\", Khemka had requested the government to probe such transfers of land by an independent agency like CBI to probe the transfer of such land. Giving reasons for writing the letter, Khemka had expressed that \"He was not able to reconcile himself to such gross abuse of authority.\"When asked by TOI, deputy commissioner P C Meena said the district administration would comply with the court orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16292457", "title": "House passes three Bills", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Assembly on Thursday passed three Bills amidst opposition Congress creating uproarious scenes in the well of the house over the clash between party workers and police at PMG square.Odisha right to public services bill, 2012 which passed in the house, seeks that the state government would provide certain public services within a stipulated time.Housing and urban development and law minister Raghunath Mohanty, who piloted the bill, said the government in the first phase had planned to include 75 selected services from 11 departments in this bill, which would be sent to the governor seeking his assent. However he said the selected public services would be included in the list would be published later in a separate notification. This notification would also carry details that which public services would be available from which designated officers in stipulated time, Mohanty said.Similarly, the House passed the Odisha municipal laws (amendment) bill, 2012, which seeks to enhance the reservation for women in urban local bodies to fifty percent. This reservation is meant for women councilor or corporator and office of the chairperson or mayor and to make reservation for two terms instead of every general election as has been done in the case of panchayati raj institutions.The third one, Odisha SC,ST and backward classes ( regulation of issuance and verification of) caste certificate bill passed in the House seeks issuance and verification of caste certificates by competent authority. It also makes provision for smooth and speedy disposal of fake caste certificate cases and to enable the act to serve as a deterrent for use of fake caste certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16289889", "title": "Barasat doctor died in family clash: CM", "text": "KOLKATA: Three days after a 62-year-old homeopath died in Barasat after being beaten up by some drunken eve-teasers, chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Thursday said it happened following a clash between two families. the incident had taken place following a clash between two families.The chief minister said she had \"found\" that it was a fallout of a scuffle between two families and the deceased \"had undergone a heart surgery recently.\" and \"something had taken place due to a scuffle\".The comment was made on a day when the CM also announced a compensation package for victims of atrocities, that includes women who have been molested or raped. She insisted that these would have to be \"proved\" before laying claims on the compensation.However, Mamata was quick in saying that in any case since there has been several such cases incidents of late in Barasat, the district administration was being \"reconstituted\" there. Later in the evening, a transfer order was issued for Champak Bhattacharya, SP, North 24-Parganas. Jalpaiguri SP, Sugata Sen, will replace him. Sen had earlier worked in North 24-Parganas as the additional SP. Bhattacharya is being brought to Kolkata Police.Arun Mullick, the son of the homeopathy doctor Bikash Bandhu Mullick, was shocked. \"Either the CM does not know what had happened, or she has been misinformed. There is no question of a clash between families, as the youths, who had attacked my father, were outsiders. My father had protested, while the youths were teasing a neighbour.\"According to him, it is true that his father had undergone a bypass surgery, but he was not suffering from any problem after that. \"He used to drive a two-wheeler regularly and had done so even on that day,\" he said, adding that in any case it does not rule out the fact that he was attacked and pushed to the ground by the goons, who were eve teasing a neighbour and his father had been attacked for protesting it.Mullick, the 62-year-old homeopath, was beaten up by a couple of drunken eve-teasers, and he died later in Barasat Kamdambagachi on September 3. Both the accused have been arrested.Mullick was attending to his patients in his chamber when the two youths - Sheikh Jamaluddin and Sirajul Islam - were passing lewd comments at the daughter of his neighbour outside the chamber. Mullick went out and found them passing lewd comments at the teenage daughter of his neighbour.When Mullick protested, they allegedly pushed him, who fell over a tree trunk. Mullick fell unconscious and was taken to Barasat district hospital, where he was declared dead. Locals staged an agitation alleging police inaction in the area. The victim's daughter Malati had said that the doctor had protested against anti-social activities several times before and was threatened with dire consequences.Significantly too, both the accused persons in the case have been arrested and the case is still on. A case under section 302 (murder) and 34 (common intention) of IP has been registered against both the accused. Already Barasat SDPO Avijit Banerjee was transferred.But transferring the SDPO has been met with criticism, because he had been posted in the area for just two months. Moreover, the West Bengal Human Rights Commission has also taken a suo-Motu cognisance of the incident and has asked police to file a report within four weeks.According to local people, the incidence of crime in the area is all the more because of Bangladeshi immigrants. On Thursday, Mamata acknowledged that Barasat being a \"bordering area\", was vulnerable to criminal activities for which the improved administrative measures was essential.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16290745", "title": "BJP, RSS hartal in Kannur total", "text": "KANNUR: The dawn-to-dusk hartal in the district on Thursday called by the BJP and the RSS in the wake of the death of Akhila Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) activist N Sachin Gopal was total.Though vehicles had been exempted from the hartal, very few buses plied, and shops and other establishments remained closed. The attendance in government offices was also skeletal.A group of protestors attacked the LIC office here damaging two of its two glass doors. One window-pane of the State Bank of India at KVR Towers, an office complex, was also damaged in the stone-pelting by the agitators.Police have registered a case under the Prevention of Destruction of Public Property Act and IPC section 447, against two unidentified persons.Meanwhile, the body of Sachin was cremated at Payyambalam crematorium late in the evening after it was kept in various places including Kasaragod, Kanhanghad, Payyanur, Thaliparamba, Valapattanam and his house at Kottali for people to pay homage.Sachin, son of Gopalan, an autorickshaw driver in Kottali and a diploma student of Modern ITC, Kannur was the vice-president of the ABVP municipal committee. He was stabbed by a group of people, suspected to be Popular Front of India activists, at Pallikkunnu bus stop on July 6. Though he was admitted in Pariyaram Medical College and later at Kasturba Medical College (KMC) Mangalore, his life could not be saved. He died on Wednesday, nearly two months after he had been stabbed.The BJP, which alleges that the Campus Front and PFI activists are behind the attack, is planning to intensify the agitation demanding that police nab the real culprits. The party has alleged that the real culprits were being protected owing to pressure from some UDF constituents.On Thursday, BJP and RSS activists took out a protest march from the party office at Thalikkavu to the KSRTC bus stand in which hundreds of people participated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16295028", "title": "Troubled monsoon session of Parliament ends", "text": "NEW DELHI: The turmoil-ridden Monsoon Session of Parliament came to an end today after most of its sittings were washed out over the controversial coal block allocation issue with BJP remaining unrelenting on its demand for resignation of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.The second-worst session since the 2009 Lok Sabha elections functioned for only six out of 19 days and was paralysed for remaining period due to the stand-off between government and BJP.The worst session was the Winter Session of 2010 which was a complete washout due to the Opposition demand for setting up of a Joint Parliamentary Committee in to the 2G spectrum allocation scam.\"This Session is likely to be remembered for the work that was not done,\" observed Rajya Sabha Chairman Hamid Ansari while adjourning the House sine die. Minutes before, Speaker Meira Kumar adjourned Lok Sabha sine die without making the customary concluding address. The Prime Minister and Leader of Lok Sabha Sushilkumar Shinde were present when the House was adjourned.Observing that the data on work done was \"in no need of commentary\", Ansari regretted that 62 hours were lost in the din during the session which began on August 8. Only three bills could be passed. While Question Hour was taken up once in the 19-day session, only 11 out of 399 starred questions could be taken up.The Constitution amendment bill for providing reservation in promotions to SCs and STs was introduced amid high drama with the Upper House proceedings witnessing a new low with SP and BSP members coming to fisticuffs.The measure could not be taken up for consideration and passage, despite being listed for the last three days due to vociferous protests by SP and Shiv Sena. BSP supremo Mayawati's suggestion to extend the session for passage of the bill did not find favour among other parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16290825", "title": "Wind power firms petitions PM to 'save' industry", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Indian Wind Power Association (IWPA) has appealed to the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to reinstate incentives to wind power manufacturers that the Centre had withdrawn in the last Union budget , to increase private investment in the wind energy sector.In a telegram sent to the prime minister on behalf of 1,350 wind power investors, the IWPA has pleaded that the industry will collapse if the government didn't offer accelerated depreciation (a tax cut offered to domestic firms to offset costs incurred due to replacement of worn-out equipment and repairs) and generation-based (subsidy for each unit produced) incentives that were available for domestic and foreign investors respectively. The industry is expected to lose investment worth Rs 12,000 crore in 2012 due to revoking the incentives, said K Kastoorirangian, chairman of the IWPA. He pointed to Suzlon (a wind power firm) share prices falling from Rs52 to Rs12 as an indication of the impending collapse of the industry.The Centre had scrapped the accelerated depreciation and generation-based incentives from April 1 this year. In 2011-12, wind power sector attracted private investment worth Rs 19,200 crore leading to the generation of 3200mw. Citing data from the ministry of non-renewable energy website, Kastoorirangian said that only 522MW or Rs 3132 crore fresh investment was added by the wind power industry compared to 1350MW (Rs 8,000 crore investment) the previous year.Kastoorirangian claimed that when wind projects were always on schedule whereas thermal &amp; hydel projects were faltering due to lack of coal, clearances, shortage of equipment, failure to get environmental clearance and localised protests. He added that 43% of installed capacity in wind energy (7,000MW of 17,800MW of installed capacity) in the country is in Tamil Nadu. He further said while the state saw an addition of 450MW in wind energy last year, only 80MW has been installed since the government scrapped the initiatives. The country will require additional energy at the rate of 10% every year, which would require that fresh investment in windmills at the rate of 10% to 14%, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293909", "title": "William Shatner sued for harassing former employees", "text": "Canadian actor William Shatner is facing a lawsuit from two of his former employees for allegedly discriminating and harassing them after one of them refused to sign a waiver after getting injured on the job.Oscar Alfaro and his wife, Delmy, have filed a lawsuit in Los Angeles County Superior Court on Tuesday, claiming that the 81-year-old actor, and his wife, Elizabeth, \"harassed and berated\" them so bad that they had to quit their jobs, ABC News reported.The Alfaro's have worked for the ' Star Trek ' actor for 20 years, but left their unspecified jobs after Oscar refused to sign a waiver after sustaining an undisclosed injury at the actor's Studio City, California home.As a result, the Alfaro's claimed that they suffered humiliation, embarrassment and mental anguish in addition to their loss of earnings and benefits. The couple is suing for an unspecified amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16289116", "title": "Out-of-control police vehicle kills courier company employee", "text": "MUMBAI: An out-of-control police vehicle slammed into a 34-year-old office-goer in Vikhroli on Thursday morning, killing him instantly. His wife was given the news by the police with the curt words, \"Your husband is dead. Come to Rajawadi Hospital to collect the body\", and no explanation.The police Bolero, officers said, was being driven by 48-year-old head constable Kishan Darade of Parksite police station, who was out on patrol with three colleagues. Around 7.30am, as the car sped down LBS Marg at 70-80kmph towards Ghatkopar, a tempo took a sudden U-turn from the other side of the road and came in its way. Darade swerved the car to the left to avert a collision and in the process lost control. The SUV hit a pedestrian, Sachin Padwankar, with great force. Padwankar, a resident of Kalwa, was on his way to the Vikhroli office of his employer, courier company DHL. He was waiting at Hindustan Company bus stop on LBS Marg, when the accident occurred.Padwankar got dragged along on the Bolero's hood for about 200 metres. The car came to a halt when it crashed into a stationary truck. Crushed between the truck and the SUV, Padwankar died on the spot. Darade was arrested in the evening and booked under various sections, including for causing death by negligence.Officers said Darade's two rear-seat passengers\u2014constables Yadavrao Gaikwad (40) and Mansingh Budhe (45)\u2014suffered injuries in the accident. They were admitted to Fortis Hospital in Mulund and their condition is said to be stable. The front-seat passenger, inspector Shankar Bhore, survived unhurt.Deputy commissioner of police (zone VII) Mahesh Ghurye said \"necessary action\" has been taken against Darade. \"We took immediate steps and arrested the cop, though the whole incident was unfortunate. Darade was not under the influence of alcohol. It was an accident. He has a clean image, he comes from a good family and his son is a football player in Germany,\" noted Ghurye.Senior inspector Sambhaji Patil of Parksite police said, \"Darade swung the vehicle to the left to save the lives of the cops in it. He had not seen Padwankar. He lost control of the vehicle and went on to hit the victim, killing him on the spot.\"Explaining the tragedy in detail, officers said the car was patrolling the stretch between Mulund and Ghatkopar for chain snatchers. Its duty began at 6am and was to end at 8am.A tempo suddenly took a U-turn and sprang into the path of the police Bolero. The Bolero swerved, hit Padwankar and dragged him along until finally ramming into a parked truck. \"Padwankar was crushed to death between the police vehicle and the truck. Such was the impact that the truck too lurched forward and hit a close-by tree. I survived with no injuries,\" said the truck's driver, Rajkumar Mishra, who witnessed the Thursday accident.Padwankar's family learnt of the news at 10.30am, when it received a call from the Parksite police station. A post-mortem on Padwankar was carried out at Rajawadi Hospital in the afternoon and later his body was handed over to the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16289279", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations: Cops announce regulations for the festival", "text": "NASHIK: The city police on Thursday told Ganpati mandal members to take responsibility of the security of their respective Ganpati idol and at the same time warned of severe action against people found gambling in pandals or found in a drunken state.A meeting was held at the city police commissionerate with members of Ganpati Mandals and officials from the state excise department, the NMC, the MSEDCL, the RTO and other departments.The police appealed to Ganpati mandal owners to appoint volunteers to keep check in idols round-the-clock.The mandal members were also asked to keep separate routes for darshan for men and women.Oil-lamps, incense sticks and candles should be kept in a manner that the pandal does not catch fire, said the police. They instructed that flowers, garlands, coconuts, etc for puja brought by devotees should be checked and vehicles should be prevented from parking near the pandals. Even the vehicle to be used to carry the idol for immersion should have been checked by the RTO, officials said.Police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal said music and sound system restrictions would be relaxed till midnight on the fifth day and the last day of Ganeshotsav.Ganesh mandals have been appealed to put up CCTV cameras. The civic department has been asked to fill potholes for the Ganpati procession, take care of dangling overhead power lines, take action against mandals who take illegal connections from electricity poles, barricade routes, deploy lifeguards at sites where immersion is to take place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16289082", "title": "Panel to monitor private hospitals\u2019 policy for poor", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has decided to crack the whip on private hospitals which renege on their commitment to reserve 10% beds for the poor. In a meeting on Thursday, CM Prithviraj Chavan and public health minister Suresh Shetty decided to form a committee comprising the charity commissioner and officials of the health and finance departments. It will monitor for six months whether the hospitals are reserving beds for the poor and submit a report to the CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16296366", "title": "Disrupting Parliament is a negation of democracy: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: As turmoil-ridden monsoon session of Parliament ended, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday hit out at BJP for \"total negation\" of democracy and asked people to stand up against such attitude of disruption, warning that it would be a \"grave violation\" of parliamentary politics.He maintained that the CAG report on coal block allocation should have been discussed in Parliament and Public Accounts Committee but the Opposition chose to cause disruptions.\"We have just ended a wasted session of Parliament. Both the Houses were paralysed because CAG has issued a report which rightly or wrongly has certain allegations about public functionaries,\" Singh told reporters outside Parliament shortly after the end of Monsoon Session.\"We have great respect for the institution of CAG, but if we do respect this institution, we must be willing to debate its finding in PAC or even on the floor of Parliament which we have always been willing,\" he said.Without naming BJP, Singh said, \"The Opposition chose not to take advantage of the subtle institutional practices dealing with the reports of CAG and insisted on disrupting Parliament. This is negation of democracy.\"He warned that \"If this thought process is allowed to gain momentum it will be a grave violation of Parliamentary politics as we have understood.\"Parliament could work only on six out of 19 days of sittings because of BJP's unrelenting demands for resignation of the Prime Minister over the coal block allocation issue besides cancellation of allotments and setting up of independent inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16289923", "title": "Partha Chatterjee- Infosys meet raises hope", "text": "KOLKATA: State IT minister Partha Chatterjee's meeting with Infosys top brass in Bangalore on Thursday seems to have put an end to the ongoing stalemate. The state government and the IT bellwether will work together in order to find a solution to the IT giant's project in the state.\"The meeting went off well. They said they are ready to work together with the state government to find out a viable solution for the project. They have understood our obligations towards the people of West Bengal regarding SEZ and we have also understood that they need some tax benefits to start their project in the state. Both of us (state and Infy) will work towards it,\" Chatterjee told TOI after the 45-minute long meeting. Chatterjee was accompanied by another government official.Chatterjee said he took the effort to visit Infosys headquarters so that people in Bengal do not feel that the government did not give enough importance to the project. The government is also mulling routes through which it can provide tax sops to Infosys.An Infosys spokesperson said: \"We had a meeting with the IT minister of West Bengal, Partha Chatterjee today. We discussed the issues on the proposed Infosys Development Center in Kolkata. We have agreed to work together towards finding a solution.\"The Infosys project in the state hit a hurdle when the Mamata Banerjee government denied special economic zone (SEZ) status to the project, stating that it was \"in-principle\" against the SEZ policy.A source said Infosys in the meeting clarified that it is answerable to its shareholders and will work towards a \"win-win\" situation both for the state government as well for itself.\"Infosys said they have lots of employees from Bengal who are keen that the company will start something in the state. The company said it has put its best brains together to chalk out a solution for this ongoing impasse,\" the source added.There were talks of it being unviable for Infosys to do export-oriented work from Rajarhat since the company won't be granted the SEZ status. Instead, it was more feasible for the IT giant to cater to the domestic market needs.An official of Infosys said such a proposition, however, is impossible since the company's domestic work is only 3% - 4% of its total work.It could be marked as some thaw in the ongoing stalemate regarding IT bellwether Infosys' maiden project in Bengal. The state government and Infosys are likely to work together 'hand-in-hand' to find out a viable solution for the IT giant's project in the state.State's IT minister Partha Chatterjee along with another government official visited the company's headquarter in Bangalore to hold meeting with its top brass.\"The meeting went off well. They said they are ready to work together with the state government to find out a viable solution for the project. They have understood our obligations towards the people of West Bengal regarding SEZ and we have also understood that they need some tax benefit to start their project in the state. Both of us (state and Infy) will work towards it,\" Chatterjee told TOI emerging from the 45-minute long meeting.Infosys co-founder and executive co-chairman Kris Gopalakrishnan and Binod Hampapur, senior vice president and global head, commercial and corporate relations of Infosys, were present in the meeting.An Infosys spokesperson said: \"We had a meeting with the IT minister of West Bengal Partha Chatterjee today and discussed the issues around the proposed Infosys Development Center in Kolkata. We have agreed to work together towards finding a solution.\"The Infosys project in the state hit a hurdle when the state government denied special economic zone (SEZ) status for the project as the state government is \"in-principle\" against SEZ policy. Infosys officials had paid a visit to the state government on June 13 this year when the later showed them the letter it has sent to the centre on Software Technologies Park of India (STPI) proposal. The state government is trying to route Infosys to the state via STPI route.Infosys has taken 50-acres in the Rajarhat area, in the northeastern fringes of the city for Rs 1.5 crore per acre for the project. It has made full payment for the land in October 2011.A source said Infosys in the meeting clarified that it is answerable to its shareholders and will work towards a \"win-win\" situation for the state government as well for themselves and they are committed that it will work together with the state government. \"Infosys said they have lots of employees from Bengal who are also keen that the company will start something in Bengal. The company said it has put its best brains together to chalk out a solution for this ongoing impasse,\" the source said.Talks had been doing rounds that since Infosys will not get SEZ status for the project, it is unviable for them to do export-oriented work from the Rajarhat project, and rather it may cater to the domestic market needs from it. But a source in Infosys said such a proposition is impossible as the company's domestic work is only 3-4% of its total work. Rest 96-97% work is export oriented.Asked about the possibilities of the company swapping land with any existing SEZ in Bengal, the minister declined to reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16295341", "title": "Excise department declares dry days for bypolls", "text": "PANAJI: Three quart bottles of Indian made foreign liquor or three quart bottles of country liquor and six bottles of beer is the maximum any person can transport or possess in a few areas during the bye elections to a Zilla panchayat seat and some wards of panchayats this weekend.The excise department has imposed restrictions and declared dry days from September 8 to September 10, 2012 for the bye-election to Saligao Zilla Panchayat constituency in north Goa and also ward no VI of Taleigao village panchayat of Taleigao of Tiswadi taluka and ward no III of village panchayat of Bhati in Sanguem taluka.For many, Goa is a drinkers paradise, as there were 8,365 registered bars and restaurants and liquor shops in 2011-12. Though the locals are known to hold their liquor, the problems of alcoholism have come to haunt many families.The villages of Arpora-Nagoa, Guirim, Parra, Saligao and Sangolda in Bardez taluka fall under the Saligao ZP constituency.The excise department has directed that all licensed premises \"for the sale of liquor\"and \"consumption of liquor\" in public places within these areas be closed.But bars and restaurants are allowed to keep their establishments open to serve food to their clientele.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289362", "title": "Coast Guard DIG assaults young officer", "text": "NEW DELHI: A top Coast Guard officer is in the dock for having allegedly assaulted a new young officer in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands last month, while in an another case an Army Lt Colonel has accused a Major of harassing his wife by posting her mobile number on an adult website.The Coast Guard DIG is facing a board of inquiry. The DIG \"got angry at the repeated clarifications sought\" by the new officer and slapped him repeatedly on his first posting as an assistant commandant.In the other case, the Army has ordered a court of inquiry after the Lt Col complained that his wife had been getting a large number of \"unsolicited calls\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16289098", "title": "MSRDC engineers to inspect Mangalwari ROB", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking serious cognisance of the TOI report on approaches to Mangalwari ROB peeling off even before it was opened to the public, Maharashtra minister for public works Jaidutt Kshirsagar on Thursday ordered an inquiry into the shoddy work.Kshirsagar told TOI that he has directed Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) superintending engineer Jeevan Nikose to inspect the ROB on Friday morning and submit a report immediately. He said guilty officials will not be spared.On Thursday, TOI had reported about the poor quality of work on the approach ramps on either side of the ROB, where the road asphalt has started peeling off.North Nagpur MLA and EGS minister Nitin Raut too expressed concern over the substandard work while constructing the Mangalwari ROB, which connects North and West Nagpur. \"I will also discuss the issue with PWD minister Kshirsagar,\" Raut said.\"On September 1, when I went for a trial run on the ROB along with some residents of North Nagpur, I was surprised to see that the curing of the bridge had not been done properly,\" he told TOI.He lamented that the recently completed work was not up to the mark and was done in haste to meet the deadline, even though the deadline had been pushed back. \"Even the curing of the deck slab over the railway track has not been done properly,\" he said.Raut said, \"MSRDC should ensure all safety norms are adhered to before opening the ROB to the public.\"The Nagpur minister was, however, quick to point out that repair work of the ROB won't be a problem since the contractor had five years' maintenance liability.It was due to Raut's efforts that the state and central governments had sanctioned this ROB under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Mission, since the area comes under his legislative constituency.CPWD senior engineer Abhijeet Chatterjee said that peeling of road might have been caused due to three reasons. \"One may be due to overheating of the asphaltation, as it can wash away the coating. Secondly, asphalt coat may not have been applied properly, and lastly, the temperature of asphaltation was not maintained between 100 to 110 degree Celsius as required,\" he explained.Even after TOI's report, MSRDC officials had not bothered to inspect the Mangalwari ROB till Thursday evening. Only after the minister's intervention did MSRDC executive engineer H Ghate inform TOI that the SE will inspect the ROB on Friday morning.Meanwhile, NGOs across the city have demanded a probe by an independent agency like Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology (VNIT) into the ROB work. \"Guidance of VNIT should also be sought in inspecting road, overbridges and flyovers works,\" said Dinesh Naidu, secretary of Parivartan - The Citizens' Forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293696", "title": "Marcus and Biti team up for 'Saamne Jad Aavein'", "text": "Following his debut 'Jo Dil Chahey', producer Marcus James, signed to Karman Entertainment, teams up with Punjabi vocalist Biti once again, on his latest offering, the stunning 'Saamne Jad Aavein'\"Biti always delivers a magical vocal and when I heard a voice clip of what she had written for this track I couldn't wait to get it recorded. I felt the emotion and immediately knew it would resonate with people. Zide then added that urban edge contrasting perfectly with Biti's sweetness to finish off the record ,\" said Marcus.'Saamne Jad Aavein' features upcoming rapper Zide Zed and producer Marcus James continue their trademark style, perfectly blending distinct urban and Asian influences previously heard on tracks such as 'Shide Boss' 'Ni Sohniye', 'Over' and his own 'Jo Dil Chahey'.'Saamne Jad Aavein' is taken over Marcus James' forthcoming EP, to be released via Karman Entertainment later this year.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16292824", "title": "Mob lynches suspected rapist", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Pramod Yadav, who allegedly raped a school girl on her way back home on August 17, was killed by angry residents of Madanpur village under the Chhaterpur police station on Wednesday. Palamu SP A T Mathew said Sanjay Yadav, another accused, was also assaulted by the mob and is currently undergoing treatment in a government hospital.The girl and Parmod hail from Madanpur village. Even before the police could track down the accused, local villagers beat Pramod to death while Sanjay, the second accused in the crime, is battling for life, Mathew said.The SP said Sanjay along with Promod had masqueraded as Maoists to create terror among the villagers while the former was visiting his in-laws at Madanpur village. They even tried to dissuade the victim's relatives from lodging an FIR, Mathew added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mograhat", "code": "16289792", "title": "Shadow of hooch tragedy lurks in Mograhat homes", "text": "MOGRAHAT: On December 12 last year, they had lost their family members in state's worst-ever hooch tragedy. And every day since then, they are gradually losing hope to come to terms with that loss.Take for example the misfortune of Sajida Biwi. After losing her husband Niyamat Kazi last year, she now finds it difficult to make ends meet. She can't even marry her daughter off as she doesn't have access to her husband's UBI account at Mograhat's Dihi Kolosh branch. For the last nine months, she has been running from pillar to post, pleading with everyone, for her husband's death certificate and the postmortem report. Only these documents can fetch Sajida Rs 20,000, the amount her husband had saved in his bank over the years. But her daily visits to the hospitals, police stations and SDO office over the last nine months yielded no result.If it was a matter of Rs 20,000 for Sajida Biwi, her neighbour Rahida Biwi has been denied of the benefits of an LIC scheme - which her husband Zakir Hussain Laskar had invested in - and government's relief package for Aila-affected villagers, apart from Rs 17,000 saved in her husband's bank account.\"We were saving the amount for all these years to get my eldest daughter Zazmina Khatoon married. Without the death certificate, we can't get the money. I had been to everywhere - the SDO, the Diamond Harbour Hospital and the Mograhat police station - but nobody could help me,\" Rahida laments.Rahida's case is even more pathetic since she couldn't tide over the crisis in spite of the panchayat pradhan endorsing her claims on several occasions. On December 30, he even mentioned that the victim was known to him. Even the CID (which investigated the case) sent a dispatch to the Mograhat police station on May 19 informing of Zakir's death. Rahida also has a copy of the \"dead body hand over letter\" where it has been mentioned that she has been given Rs 10,000 (by the government) as immediate expenses. Still, she has neither got the postmortem report nor the death certificate.Though the stalemate has stayed for months now, words of hope still pour in from all quarters. \"The Diamond Harbour Sub-Divisional Hospital has to issue the death certificate and the postmortem reports. Several people are coming to me everyday for these documents. We are contacting the doctors (who conducted the post mortem) and trying to help the victim's kin. Anyone yet to get these should come to me directly,\" consoles Kaushik Bhattacharya, Diamond Harbour SDO. Mograhat police station OC Atiur Rehman also says as much.To issue death certificates, the hospital requires a letter written by the panchayat pradhan, ration card, voter ID card and a dead body hand-over paper. Sajida Biwi and Rahima, and several others like them, have all of these documents barring the postmortem reports. In fact, in Dihi Kolosh panchayat area, only one post-mortem report, that of Dulal Sk, was available among nearly 45-odd people who died here.Giasuddin Mollah, Trinamool Congress MLA in Mograhat West, claims, \"This can be a problem only for a few. But yes, this shouldn't have happened even then. Perhaps the victims are among those who had taken the bodies for burial before completing the due process. I will inquire into it.\"Contrary to Mollah's claim, Zakir and Niyamat were treated in Diamond Harbour hospital for three days. Their postmortems were also conducted in the same hospital morgue.Namita Saha, Trinamool's Mograhat East MLA, did admit she has come across a couple of such cases where the families haven't received the death certificates and postmortem reports. \"I am in contact with the BDO (II) Mograhat to help these families,\" she says.As bureaucrats and politicians dabble into technicalities, the problem is hard to comprehend for a layman. The CID, while submitting its chargesheets (Mograhat PS case number 265/11 and Usthi PS case number 274/11), had attached copies of 132 post-mortem reports (68 in Mograhat; 64 in Usthi).The remaining 40 reports were sent to Mandirbazar police station to be tagged in their cases. Even though the CID had been provided a copy of the post-mortem reports, the originals had to be kept in the hospital and sent to the SDO office. This wasn't done.Like Sanjida and Rahida, Hanif Lashkar, a rickshaw van puller or his cousin Babulal Lashkar, a zari worker, are helpless in their plight. Hanif's father Oli Md Laskar and Babulal's father Noor Md Lashkar were also among the 172 who died in the hooch tragedy.\"We are poor, illiterate people. We don't know where to go or who else to meet. The post-mortem reports and death certificates are essential not just for the bank accounts but also to claim all property and assets that are legally in my father's name still and will remain so unless the documents are produced,\" Hanif says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16291551", "title": "Emu farm promoter must face probe, says HC", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Thursday declined to interfere with the ongoing police action against an emu farm promoter, saying he must face investigation. Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar , dismissing a writ petition filed by managing director of Susi Emu Farms India Pvt Limited M S Guru at the admission stage, said: \"In the light of the pendency of criminal complaints registered and the number of complaints received for cheating and other criminal offences, the prayer in the writ petition to stop the police from interfering with the administration and smooth running of the business cannot be granted.\" Guru, who was picked up from a farmhouse near Hoganekkal a couple of days ago, filed the writ petition to stop the Erode district police and the economic offences wing from interfering with the administration of his business. He also wanted the court to order police protection to his business, so that he could supply feeds to emu birds, pay incentives to investors and to carry on business commitments. When the matter was taken up, additional government pleader S Diwakar informed the court that till date eight criminal cases had been registered against Guru and that police had received 268 complaints against a number of emu firms, involving a sum of 6.83 crore. Police have collected a total of 2,535 complaints involving 58 crores in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288030", "title": "Nothing illegal in vandal\u2019s arrest: Mumbai police commissioner", "text": "MUMBAI: More than a week after Bihar DGP Abhayanand wrote a strongly worded letter to him, Mumbai police commissioner Satya Pal Singh on Thursday submitted a comprehensive reply to him, saying there was nothing illegal in the arrest of one of the Martyrs' Memorial vandals from Bihar.The Bihar administration had earlier criticized the Mumbai police for arresting Abdul Qadir Ansari from Sitamarhi without keeping the local cops in the loop.\"After we received the letter, we sought the opinion of our law secretary and the state advocate general. After prolonged deliberations, we asked Satya Pal Singh to submit the reply and clarify all the issues raised by Abhayanand. We expect that the doubts expressed by Abhayanand on the competence of the crime branch to arrest Qadir will be cleared and there will be no confusion,\" a senior home department official told TOI.Apparently, the Bihar DGP's contention was that the crime branch did not adhere to the procedures laid down under the CrPC, particularly Sections 77-80. \"We have brought it to the notice of the Bihar police chief that in the present case, these sections have no relevance. These refer to the execution of a warrant issued by a magistrate or forwarding the warrant for execution outside the jurisdiction of the court,\" he said.The home department official said the reply further stated that the crime branch's action was in accordance with Sections 41, 48, 56 and 57 of the CrPC. Under Section 41 (1) (A), any police officer is empowered to arrest a person against whom a cognizable offence has been registered. Section 48 provides that an authorized police officer is empowered to pursue the accused in any place in the country. Under the provisions of Section 56, an arrested person should be taken before the magistrate or police station in-charge; under Section 57, no accused can be detained beyond 24 hours. \"In Qadir's case, we produced him in court within 24 hours of his arrest,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293300", "title": "Jadavpur University's freshers showcase their talent", "text": "There's never a dull moment at Jadavpur University. On a Friday afternoon, the excitement was palpable in the campus auditorium as freshers trooped in to showcase their talent.Though it had a sluggish beginning, the Clean &amp; Clear Calcutta Times Fresh Face 2012 picked up tempo and reached a rocking climax. If the boys were a pumped up for the competition, the girls weren't far behind. Two of them might go on to become the face of Clean &amp; Clear.BREAKING CONVENTIONS: Dipayan Chowdhury's spontaneous break dance routine to Chamak Challo set the tone for the rest of the show. The dusky Sriparna Mondal then showed that even though she's a student of Sanskrit, she can unleash a mean move a la Katrina to Chikni Chameli. Pinakeshwar Chakraborty recited a Sanskrit shloka. Emcee Sidhu added a twist when he asked the young lad to recite it to a trance groove played by DJ Aditya. Unfazed, Pinakeshwar actually rapped the shloka to the beats, drawing a huge round of applause.ENERGY, UNLIMITED: As they say, the best is left for the last, the final round saw the selected contestants divide their two minutes into song-and-dance routines. While Rohini De's melodious voice had catapulted her to the second round, it was her killer moves that made her the second runner-up. Avantika Deb proved to be a phuljhari and did a Shilpa Shetty to Shut up and bounce. Her vivacity made her the first runnerup. But it was Bandana Shah's untamed energy and cool attitude that made her the winner. The hall was filled with ceetees when she took off her jacket while she gyrated to the DJ's beats. Among the guys, Utkarsh Pandey's hilarious performance to Bedardi raja drew howls of laughter and made him the second runner-up. Sumendra Tamang's talent \u2014 with the guitar, his voice and, of course, his moves \u2014 made him the first runner-up. However, the loudest applause was reserved for Dipayan as he danced to My name is Anthony Gonsalves. He was the winner among the boys. To know more about the event, log on to itimes.com/freshface today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293683", "title": "NTR\u2019s Baadshah trailer to release on Sep 24", "text": "The trailer of young tiger NTR's Baadshah will be released by the makers on September 24. Official source confirm that Baadshah's teaser will be out on September 24 to coincide with the film's director Seenu Vaitla's birthday. The movie's first schedule was wrapped up in Italy and the unit shall complete its second schedule in Bangkok by September 10. NTR sports a stylish look in the film, which shows him in a light that he has never been seen before. He has lost his trademark curls, and came up with a layered bang for this film. A Mumbai stylist has been roped in to oversee the actor's styling.Recently, the first look posters of the actor have been released to a superb response. Kajal Agarwal is sharing the screen space with J.NTR and S.S Thaman is lending the soundtrack. Kona Venkat and Gopi Mohan are penning the script and dialogues. Baadshah is slated for release on 2013 Sankranthi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16290347", "title": "Lone fighter on a different mission", "text": "CHANDIGARH: He's is the only one who has dared to fight against the bigwigs in student poll arena for the post for president. Meet Kumar Vikramjit, who is on a different mission altogether, this poll season.\"I am contesting not to win, I am prepared to lose, but want to give a message to PU students that ordinary students with a strong academic background can give a fierce competition to strong parties,\" says Vikramjit, an independent candidate for the post president. He is pursuing BE in bio-technology form University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET) and hails from Bihar.Since his entry in UIET, he has already facilitated scholarships for 12 students. \"Close to 20 students and strong supporters have been campaigning for him and we expect close to 300 votes for him in the presidential poll,\" says Vivek Kumar, his close friend.\"He has been an inspiration for his friends as well. He scored a CGPA of 7.5 and has attendance over 90%. He has been incredibly strong during the polls,\" says Vivek.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16290521", "title": "Cabinet gives cabotage waiver to International Container Transshipment Terminal", "text": "KOCHI: The Union cabinet on Thursday decided to give cabotage waiver to the International Container Transshipment Terminal (ICTT) at Vallarpadam.K V Thomas, Union minister for food, said the waiver would be valid for three years for transshipment of export-import (EXIM) containers to and from ICTT.He, however, said as per the national policy vessels from Pakistan and China would not be eligible for the waiver. Chief minister Oomman Chandy welcomed the Centre's move.K K Krishnadas, CEO, DP World, Cochin, which handles ICTT, said the waiver would help the terminal to achieve its target of 8.25 lakh TEUs of cargo this year.As per the cabotage policy, no foreign ship can engage in coastal cargo trade in India except under a licence from the DG (Shipping).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289841", "title": "No radar units in hornbill habitat, says govt", "text": "New Delhi: The Union environment and forests ministry has denied permission to the Coast Guard to set up a radar installation on one of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands , home to the last remaining 350-odd endangered Narcondam Hornbills.The radar was planned as part of the series of static sensors along the Indian coast for remote sensing of the coastal zones. The National Board of Wildlilfe (NBWL) standing panel, to which the proposal was sent for clearance, considered the case and tasked a member, Asad Rehmani of the Bombay Natural History Society, to make a site visit.He submitted a report against the project, warning that the island was the only abode of the endangered species.Other conservation groups and activists too wrote against the project and all the members on the board of the NBWL standing committee also opposed Coast Guard's move. The ministry noted that Coast Guard had not studied any alternate sites or given options as are required under the regulations for the location of radar installation.The ministry has advised Coast Guard to look for an alternative site by setting up a committee that would include experts and their own officials to find either off-shore, ship-based or land-based options.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289988", "title": "HC to hear plea to check regularization", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the capital's 895 unauthorized colonies were approved for regularization, the Delhi high court has decided to hear a plea for restraining the government from taking any final decision on the issue and posted the case for hearing on Friday.A division bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw took the decision while hearing a plea of H R Suri, an architect and town planner, filed through counsel Anil Aggarwal.Suri has questioned the power of the Centre, the Delhi government and Delhi Development Authority to regularize the unauthorized colonies and argued that unless HC decides whether they have the power to do so, the Delhi government can not take a decision on a sub-judice matter.The petition sought a directive to \"restrain all the respondents from making any declaration or pass any order or give any direction regarding regularization of unauthorized colonies in the NCT of Delhi in any manner and by any means during pendency of the petition\".The petition referred to a recent media report on Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit's promise to regularize 917 unauthorized colonies soon.\"In case, the respondents succeed in their plans and designs to illegally regularize unauthorized colonies, not only this would perpetuate illegality but will also render the petition futile and will frustrate the endeavor of the petitioner,\" the petition said. Delhi lieutenant governor Tejendra Khanna recently gave his nod for regularizing 895 out of 917 colonies.Following the LG's direction, the Delhi government has asked all three municipal corporations to take help of professional architects to make layout plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16294791", "title": "Sky's tattoo portrays that I'm his strength: Pooja Bedi", "text": "Pooja Bedi on being a single mother and her relationship with Sky, catch the sassy and saucy babe in a candid chatDo you want to live in Bigg Boss house again? (laughs) No. Anyone you ask the same question after they've left the show, the answer would be the same. It was a very dramatic experience; I had my share of ups and downs there, just like anyone else. You have almost 25 million people watching you everyday; every move of yours is being watched and judged outside. But beside all these things I have made very good friends there.Are you still in touch with Bigg Boss contestants? Yes. As I said I made some really good friends there and we are still in touch. I met some wonderful people like Sunny, Juhi, Sky who I'm in touch with till date!What about Sky and his tattoo? It was really crazy and most surprising gesture of friendship. He got my name inked on his biceps, which portrays that I am his strength in life. So that was really sweet of him. There are no real words to describe the bond we share. Our relationship is deep, meaningful and right from the moment we met in Bigg Boss house till today we have been the best friends. He gels around very well with my kids too. We go out for movies and dinners. We even went for a vacation to America and it was fun.Are your children OK with the men in your life? I am very open about my relationships with my children and share almost everything with them. Anyone who is in my life has to respect the fact that I love my kids and they are integral to my existence!How is the life as a single mother? Well, being a single mother is very very tough. It has its challenges. I have to be both mom and dad, nurturer, provider and counsellor, run the home, make wise investments and manage time for a social life. I do multi task in multiple avatars. It is challenging, especially in the teenage years (which my kids are already in). A lot is demanded and expected but this is the life I have chosen and I am very happy.What are your upcoming projects? I have been writing columns for Times of India and it is soon going to be compiled into a book and later into a talk show and radio show. I am starting an entertainment fund for Hollywood and Bollywood films. It's an ambitious project and I'm very excited about it!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16291375", "title": "Soon, CBSE schools to offer \u2018foreign\u2019 vocational courses", "text": "CHENNAI: CBSE students who want an international touch to their education need look no further than their school. CBSE schools will soon feature vocational courses designed in Australia, known for hosting international students pursuing vocational education. The board has tied up with the Central Institute of Technology , a vocational education institution under the department of training and workforce development, Government of Western Australia, to design the curriculum and train teachers in vocational courses. The programme, 'VET in Schools' , will be conducted at the senior secondary level from next academic year onwards. It will cover four courses -- design fundamentals , business administration , music technical production and beauty services. \"A lot of Indian students are interested in such courses in Australia. When you consider media reports of attacks on Australian students, I think it is a good initiative for these international courses to be taught here so students don't miss out on their studies and parents can breathe easy,\" said senior principal of Bhavan's Rajaji Vidyashram J Ajeeth Prasath Jain. The cost is also likely to be much lesser than an overseas course. The curriculum and resource materials, including assessment plans and templates for lesson plans for teachers and students for each of these courses will be provided by CIT, which will be contextualised by the CBSE to suit Indian needs. Master trainers will be trained by CIT in January 2013, while teacher training workshops will be organised by the board with assistance from the Australian institution. The board plans to offer the programme as a pilot project in 100 to 150 schools from the next academic year. The board has called for schools to volunteer to take up these courses so students can be equipped with skills that are globally accepted. Among the four courses offered by the board are a couple that are popular among Indian students going to Australia to pursue vocational education. The design fundamental course offers the foundation for a career as an artist, or an industrial or interior / exterior designer. The business administration course will provide specialist skills in business administration. The music technical production course will provide a practical introduction to recording processes.The beauty services course will help candidates communicate effectively, sell products and establish and operate a business. Students who take up these courses will be eligible to pursue higher education at CIT in Australia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16288826", "title": "Mangalwari ROB approaches peel off before opening", "text": "NAGPUR: After spending Rs 16.38 crore and four years, the 694-metre Mangalwari road overbridge (ROB) is ready, and in a shambles even before it is opened to traffic. The heavy downpour over the past few days has washed away the mastic asphalt coat of the approach ramp on the either side of the ROB reducing it to a bumpy stretch of stone chips.State minister Jaidutt Kshirsagar was supposed to open the Mangalwari ROB to public on Wednesday. However, due to non-availability of ministers, the opening function has been postponed. Team TOI visited the ROB on Wednesday and found metalling of ROB starting to peel off. Motorists expressed apprehensions over the quality of construction seeing its condition even before it was opened. A few days of rain ripped open the approach ramp.Sanctioned under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation issued its work order on October 20, 2008. It should have been completed in 18 months (ie by April 2010). The total cost of the ROB was Rs 20 crore of which the railways contributed Rs 5.50 crore for construction of the deck slab over the railway track.Nagarjuna Construction Company was entrusted with the construction. The firm failed to meet the deadline despite being granted an eight-month extension. In July this year, the ROB approach road was completed while the railways completed the deck slab only last week.The local residents now demand at the contractor be blacklisted for substandard work. They also wanted action against MSRDC engineers who supervised the work and sanctioned the bills. Many residents said that the substandard work proved that was nothing but a \"corruption outlet\". Questions have been raised about how justified MSRDC costs are.Secretary of city based NGO Jan Manch Rajiv Jagtap pointed out that it had become a common practice of agencies like Nagpur Municipal Corporation, Nagpur Improvement Trust, state Public Works Department and MSRDC. There was no check on quality or inspection of road works, he said.A senior engineer at NMC said a mastic asphalt layer peeled off if water seeped in. \"It seems poor workmanship and supervision, rather than poor quality of material is to blame for the present state of the Mangalwari ROB,\" he said. MSRDC's executive engineer and in-charge of ROB H U Ghate said he was not aware of the shoddy work and assured he would personally inspect it. He, however, pointed out it won't be a problem as the contractor had five years' maintenance liability.About inauguration of ROB, Ghate said superintendent engineer Jeevan Nikose was camping in Mumbai to seek appointment of ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289924", "title": "Govt to curb judiciary's free speech", "text": "New Delhi: The judiciary-government tussle over code of conduct for judges is far from over. Though the government has decided to give statutory status to the Code of Conduct evolved by the Supreme Court in 1997, law minister Salman Khurshid on Thursday said this does not mean judiciary will be free to comment on constitutional authorities in open court.The government is firm on introducing a specific provision in the Judicial Standards and Accountability Bill, 2012 which will prohibit judges from making unwarranted comments against the conduct of any constitutional or statutory authority at the time of hearing matters.The minister said the government has taken note of certain remarks made by some higher courts on constitutional bodies and other authorities in open court which are seldom reflected in writing during judicial pronouncements.\"That is why a specific provision has been proposed to be made under Section 3 of the chapter on 'Judicial Standards' to be followed by judges, in the Judicial Standards and Accountability Bill, 2012,\" Khurshid said.He said Section 3(2)(g) of the Bill prohibits judges from making any unwarranted comments against the conduct of any constitutional or statutory authority at the time of hearing matters which are pending before them or are likely to arise for judicial determination.The minister added that the government has a proposal to accord statutory sanction to the 'Restatement of Values of Judicial Life' which was adopted by a resolution at the full court meeting of the Supreme Court in 1997, by making it a part of the Judicial Standards and Accountability Bill.The Bill was passed by the Lok Sabha on March 29, 2012, and it is pending in the Rajya Sabha. After introducing fresh amendments, the Bill will be taken up for approval in the Upper House, and then it will again be tabled in the Lower House.On setting up of National Judicial Commission for appointment of judges to high courts and the Supreme Court, Khurshid said the proposal had not reached any logical conclusion. Currently, appointment of judges to high courts and the SC is based on Memorandum of Procedure for appointment of Judges prepared in 1998.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16293755", "title": "KSEB seeks additional rent of 65 from high-end consumers", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala state electricity board (KSEB) has decided to seek the electricity regulatory commission's (SERC) permission to levy Rs 65-amonth as rent for the 'timeof-the-day' (ToD) meters that it is required to be installed in the premises of consumers who use more than 500 units of electricity a month as per an SERC directive.According to the board, the cost of a single unit of ToD meter would come to around Rs 2,500. In case some consumers prefer to install the ToD meters on their own, they will be allowed to do so.The board, in an order dated September 4, has also authorized the supply chain management (SCM) chief engineer to prepare an action plan for bulk purchase of ToD meters and place it before it for approval in two weeks.As per the SERC directive, power tariff charges of consumers who use more than 500 units of power and have a connected load of 20 KW, have to be calculated using ToD meters with effect from January 1, 2013.Once ToD meters are installed (on the basis of the average consumption in the last six months starting from July 1 to December 31, 2012), the electricity board will apply different tariff rates for power used by consumers during normal, peak and off-peak hours every day.The board has also entrusted the chief engineer (corporate planning) to conduct necessary studies for extending ToD metering and demand-based billing to all LT industrial, commercial and domestic consumers with connected load 10 KW and above.The commission had asked the board to submit a scheme for this before April 1, 2013. A draft proposal for carrying out the studies would be submitted in a month's time.In July this year, SERC gave KSEB permission to collect normal charges (Rs 6.50/unit) for consumption of power from 6am to 6pm, Rs 7.80/unit for consumption between 6pm to 10pm and only 90% of the normal charges (Rs 5.85/unit) for consumption from 10pm to 6am, from consumers using more than 500 units a month.If the average monthly consumption falls below 500 units, slab-based billing would be made applicable for that month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16289451", "title": "UPSIDC sanctions funds for works in industrial areas", "text": "NOIDA: The Uttar Pradesh State Industrial Development Corporation (UPSIDC) has sanctioned around Rs 3.20 crore for maintenance of civic facilities in industrial areas under its control in Greater Noida. After a meeting with industrialists and senior officials of the district administration in Surajpur on Thursday, corporation officials said that maintenance works would commence soon.The Greater Noida chapter of Indian Industries Association had for long demanded that UPSIDC undertake maintenance works of roads, drains and low-lying areas. UPSIDC has earmarked Rs 50 lakh for maintenance works in Site B, Rs 50 lakh for Site C, Rs 70 lakh for Site 4 and Rs 1.50 crore for Site 5. At the same time, Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited ( UPPCL) officials informed the district administration in the meeting that 400 streetlights have been procured for industrial areas and they would be fixed after meetings with industrial associations.The administration has also directed Noida and Greater Noida authorities to immediately reconvene meetings of their respective sub-committees formed for providing assistance to industries. \"The meetings should be held on a regular basis and problems faced by industries mitigated,\" said BS Yadav, ADM (E), Gautam Budh Nagar. \"Given the increase in plying of heavy vehicles in industrial areas, the authorities are also required to make adequate planning for improving transport infrastructure,\" added Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16290085", "title": "Transcribe all Radia tapes in 2 months: Supreme Court", "text": "New Delhi: Unimpressed by the status of the ongoing probe into telephone intercepts of former corporate lobbyist Niira Radia , the Supreme Court on Thursday said it was a very serious matter needing much more intense investigations than what was done by the income tax department in the past three years.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya was surprised to learn that except for some intercepts transcribed by the CBI for investigation into Radia's alleged role in the arbitrary allotment of 2G licences, no other agency or the I-T department, which intercepted the conversations, had prepared a complete transcript of the 5,831 tapped calls.It ordered the I-T department to transcribe all telephone intercepts within two months and file it before the court, hinting that the court was not going to let national interest be compromised and the issue swept under the carpet through views expressed by successive panels.On Ratan Tata's petition seeking maintenance of secrecy of his private conversations with Radia and prosecution of those who leaked it to media, the bench said, \"We initially thought that it was a matter pertaining to rules on interception and safe storage. But it is a much more serious matter.\"When ASG Amarjit Singh Chandiok told the bench that the recordings were there in the master machine and no transcript had ever been prepared, the bench asked how the assessing officers in different circles would know the contents of the intercepts to enable them to proceed. \"It is appropriate that all recordings of the intercepts are transcribed otherwise a lot of things will remain in conjectures,\" the court said.Interestingly, a joint affidavit filed by the ministries of home and finance and I-T department had said, \"A complaint was received by the finance minister in 2007, alleging that Radia had built up an empire of Rs 300 crore and that she was an agent of foreign intelligence agencies indulging in anti-national activities.\" On this complaint, it was directed that the matter be examined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16289885", "title": "500 Goan girls get Laadli Laxmi letters", "text": "PANAJI: If Goa's declining sex ratio continues, Goan boys will not get girls to marry in the future like in some North Indian states and the government's Laadli Laxmi scheme is an effort to arrest the trend, said chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Thursday.Parrikar made the statement at a function to disburse sanction letters to over 500 beneficiaries of the Laadli Laxmi scheme at the Kala Academy, Panaji.Under the scheme, the government will deposit 1 lakh into the bank account of every Goan girl who turns 18. She can encash the money with interest on registration of her marriage. In his long interaction with the public, Parrikar said he had many parents requesting jobs to their daughters first and only later to their sons. Parrikar realized that this was because boys preferred to marry working girls. But since marriage expenses were a problem to her parents, the government chipped in this financial assistance to lighten their burden.Parrikar said that despite Goa's high social indices, there were only 925 girls for every 1000 boys. He said parents resorted to female infanticide due to false beliefs and warned that if people violate the laws of nature, we will suffer from all kinds of social problems later.The chief minister said he had tears in his eyes at the beginning of the function. When he went on his Jan Sampark Abhiyan just before the assembly election, people all over Goa showered him with much love. Parrikar had promised them the Laadli Laxmi scheme among others and the fact that he implemented within six months of forming the government, was an emotional moment for him, he said.Parrikar also said that his \"assistance to housewives to combat the price rise scheme\" of 1000 can also be availed on the basis of the Laadli Laxmi approval. That scheme will be launched by October 2. Another benefit of the Laadli Laxmi scheme is that every marriage in Goa will get registered giving all wives legal status and equal rights in their husbands' homes, Parrikar said.Parrikar criticized the earlier Congress government for formulating schemes without making any budgetary provisions. He assured to honour the earlier government's schemes like Kanyadhan and Dhanalaxmi by making necessary financial provisions.Minister for women and child Dilip Parulekar said that though about 15,000 girls will benefit in the first year, the government will extend the benefit to more if required through a supplementary budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16290613", "title": "Timely act helps avoid mishap at Kochi airport", "text": "KOCHI: Timely intervention of airport engineers helped avert a major accident at the Cochin International Airport Limited (Cial) on Thursday. The technicians identified snag in the brake assembly system of a SriLankan Airlines flight (UL-166), which operates in the Kochi-Colombo sector. The hitch was rectified and the flight, which was delayed by three hours, left with 150 passengers on board to Colombo at 12.55pm.The Cial engineers noticed that some parts of the brake unit were falling off even as the flight was entering the apron of the airport, an area where aircraft are parked, refuelled and boarded. \"We immediately brought it to the notice of the captain and the flight was taken to the bay,\" a Cial official said. Since there was oil leakage too, the fire fighting team at the airport was kept on standby. \"Later the oil was washed off using fire engines,\" the official said. The Cial officials also sent the description of the glitches in the aircraft to the air safety department officials of SriLankan Airlines in Colombo. The flight crew were then asked to continue the journey after deactivating the brake assembly system. The flight landed safely at the Colombo airport at 2.01pm. \"It took just 30 minutes for our engineers to replace the damaged system,\" officials with the Kochi office of the airlines said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16289021", "title": "Pieces of plastic found in midday meal", "text": "GONDIA: Plastic pieces were found in the midday meal served at anganwadi number 4 of Navegaonbandh village on Tuesday. Worried panchayat authorities on enquiry found that the same food had been supplied to other anganwadis of the village.The sarpanch of the village, Raghunath Lanjewar, has asked the district authorities to initiate action against the agency responsible for the supply of midday meal.It was found that the food supplied to all the 11 anganwadis in the village contained plastic pieces. The midday meal scheme was started by the state government as 'Mahila and Balvikas Yojana'. An agency had been entrusted with the contract for preparation and supply of food to each anganwadi. The gram panchayat members pointed out that presence of plastic in the food served at all anganwadis indicated that the adulteration was done by the contractor.Lanjewar alleged that the food was not suitable even for the cattle. GP officials have asked the district authorities to conduct a panchnama of all the food supplied to the schools in the village. They also sought stern action against the agency.In view of the heavy rains, no responsible officer was available as they were busy in flood management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16290594", "title": "Corporators tell PMC to process Manjari garbage", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), which is finding it tough to process the garbage generated in the city, is likely to have an added burden coming from the fringe areas.The corporators have made a proposal, asking the administration to process garbage from Manjari village, which is located outside the city limits. The proposal, which has been approved by all party leaders, will be tabled before the civic standing committee on Tuesday.\"The gram panchayat of Manjari will be responsible for collecting the garbage under the supervision of PMC officials and dumping it at the Hanjer processing plant.\" The PMC will charge the gram panchayat Rs 10,000 per month for processing the garbage, the proposal states.The civic solid waste management officials, however, said that the PMC's garbage processing plants will have to take an additional load of 300 tonne garbage every month, if the proposal is approved.\"If this trend is set, more villages will demand that the PMC should process their garbage,\" an official said.\"Already the city is generating huge quantity of garbage and we are finding it tough to process it. More garbage will add to the problem,\" he added.As per the PMC records, the city generates 1,300 to 1,400 tonne garbage every day but only 70% of it is processed. The civic body's Environment Status Report (ESR) for 2011-12 states that the city's garbage generation is going up by 5% every year. \"The processing units function up to 70% of their capacity because of the gaps in garbage collection, electricity problems, machinery breakdown, maintenance and other issues,\" the ESR states.\"The standing committee will take a call on the proposal. The proposal states that garbage should be processed at the Hanjer plant,\" said Suresh Jagtap, head of the solid waste management department of the PMC.After dumping waste at the landfill in Urali Devachi and Phursungi for nearly 20 years, the civic body in June 2010 claimed to have completely stopped open dumping. Since then, it has been claiming that it processes garbage at Hanjer biotech company in Urali Devachi, and at the biogas, mechanical compost and vermicompost units.The ESR has urged the civic body to set up more processing plants. The report states that the PMC has 11 biogas and three mechanical composting projects in the city to treat 50-55 tonne garbage daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16290696", "title": "Gutka toll heavier on women", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In Hussain Park in Juhapura, there are 70-odd homes. Each family has five-seven family members of which two to three are addicted to gutka. \"Five members of my family, including my husband, son and daughter-in-law, are addicted to gutka. If I tell them to kick the habit, they say everybody in the locality chews it and it gives them a high. I would offer a coconut to the Almighty if the gutka ban is implemented by the state government,\" says Amirabibi, a resident of the area.\"My elder son died of oral cancer contracted due to gutka addiction. Now the curse has been passed on to my younger son who was recently detected with cancer. This dance of death should end with the ban,\" says a sentimental Allahrakhabhai.The September edition of Anasuya, the mouthpiece of Self Employed Women's Association (Sewa), is dedicated to welcoming the gutka ban in the state. Innumerable cases of gutka addiction in cities and villages across the state are chronicled in the edition highlighting how men, women and children are addicted to chewing the 'death sachet'.\"Women of Sewa have issued a notification supporting the ban on gutka. Not just men, even women - be it labourers, kite-makers or salt workers - are addicted to gutka. Women who work from home send their kids to buy gutka exposing them to the addiction as well,\" said Manali Shah of Sewa.Surajben Dayan of Thara village in Surendranagar says that she is increasingly seeing women suffering miscarriages due to the ill-effects of gutka addiction. \"There is an alarming rise in the number of women who are addicted to gutka suffering difficulty in delivery, even abortions. I have witnessed cases where mother-in-laws prohibit their daughter-in-laws from chewing gutka but are addicted to the pouch on the sly,\" says Surajben.In Anjar village, there are 20 pan shops. No wonder, there are little kids like Ghanshyam, 13, who is an addict. He started chewing gutka when he was just seven.The farmers who grow tobacco are a worried lot. But they are not likely to be affected severely as the ban is only on gutka and not on sale of tobacco. However,Sewa founder Ela Bhatt believes that the best alternative would be to grow grains-pulses on the land so that the farmers can contribute to the food deficit and also keep their children healthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288532", "title": "Curbs for Bandra Fair from September 9", "text": "MUMBAI: The traffic police have issued an advisory for motorists and pedestrians during Bandra Fair. Vehicles will not be allowed on Mount Mary Road, Kane Road, Chapel Road and Saint Baptist Road.The fair will take place between September 9 and September 16 and around five lakh devotees are expected to congregate at Mount Mary. There will be heavy pedestrian movement near Lilavati Hospital, Mahim Causeway, Hill Road, Turner Road and Linking Road,\" said a cop. Locals have been told to collect their car passes from Bandra police station. Parking will be permitted on Bandstand and Supari Talao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16289928", "title": "CPM, police cross swords over rally spot", "text": "KOLKATA: Seldom have people seen CPM heavyweights Rabin Deb and Amitava Nandy arguing with middle rank police officers right in the middle of the street down on the street at Esplanade, as these leaders did on Thursday. Now out of power, CPM leaders had to plead their case because the police didn't leave any option for the party to hold its gathering on October 1 in any place other than Rani Rashmoni Avenue.The CPM's North 24-Parganas unit had earlier sought permission for the gathering at Mamata Banerjee's July 21 rally site in front of Victoria House.Police officers ruled out the joint recce of spots. Instead, they made it clear to told it on the face of the leaders that the police commissioner wanted the party to hold the meeting at Rani Rashmoni Avenue. \"But that was not the understanding during the last meeting we had with the police commissioner. He told us that the police won't allow to hold the meeting in front of Victoria House. However, the commissioner requested us to do a joint inspection of the alternative venues with the police on Thursday. But none of the DCs turned up, thus scrapping the plan joint inspection,\" said CPM leader Amitava Nandy.Feeling let down, the CPM will now try to capitalise on the \"political discrimination\" by the Trinamool government. \"Strange are the ways of this government. The police have no problem when Mamata Banerjee holds a meeting in front of Victoria House. But they won't allow our party to hold the gathering. Let people judge,\" said Nandy.When asked whether they have conceded to keeping the rally venue at Rani Rashmoni Avenue, CPM leader Rabin Deb said: \"We have not yet decided on the venue of the meeting. We will take the call later.\" Nandy, however, made it clear that the party will hold the rally in the Esplanade area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16293865", "title": "There\u2019s shortage of female elephants for Dasara", "text": "MYSORE: Dasara authorities have a new challenge this year \u2014 there aren't enough female elephants around during the flagship festival and four experienced ones are on maternity leave. They're needed to keep the male elephants under control.The problem is so acute that Chaitra has been enrolled for Dasara duty after a gap of 15 years, and Vijaya's 2-year-old calf is being weaned to allow her 55-yearold mother to be around. And 72-year-old Kanti is also being roped in. Two Dasara veterans \u2014 Mary and Sarala \u2014 have calves less than a year old and Varalakshmi's calf is two years old. Gange, who made her debut last year, also delivered soon after she went back to the woods. Mary and Sarala haven't missed Dasara for ten years. Foresters said calves cannot be brought to Mysore while their mothers are on Dasara duty.\"We're having a problem in getting experienced elephants to Dasara as four female elephants delivered some time ago,\" deputy conservator of forests (Mysore wildlife division) SN Devaraju told TOI. Foresters scouted for female elephants in camps at Bandipur, Nagarahole and BRT Tiger Reserve and at Madikeri division (Dubare). \"The problem is their age \u2014 many are in the 15-20 years group. The temperament of some is not good and those which meet the criteria delivered some time ago,\" sources explained.The state has about 100 elephants domesticated by the forest department, of which 30% are female. The officials also looked for female elephants from Sakrebailu near Shimoga. Traditionally, elephants from the Mysore region are empanelled for Dasara duty. Officials have restricted the number of Dasara jumbos to 12. Usually, 14 make the visit to Mysore.Chaitra, who has a 22-month-old calf in Bandipur, is now being readied. \"We'll start the separation next week,\" Dr DN Nagaraj, the vet attached to Bandipur Tiger Reserve, said. Dr Nagaraj, who has looked after Dasara jumbos for a decade, said the mother takes time to adjust because of intimacy with the calf. A team of vets scanned the elephants and certified their fitness. HC tells govt to file action report on jumbo deathsAhigh court division bench headed by the chief justice has directed the state government to file an action taken report in two weeks on elephant deaths since 2008, the time when the high court registered suo motu PIL on elephant deaths.\"If you don't take action against field officers as per your own circular, then what purpose does it serve,\" the bench asked the government in relation to a 2008 circular which entrusts the responsibility to field officers in case of elephants dying on account of electrocution. Some members of the elephant task force committee told the court that coffee estates tapped the power illegally and it was connected to the fence, though they have to use mild solar power/battery power for that purpose. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16296084", "title": "My religion is humanity: Paresh Rawal", "text": "Paresh Rawal is excited about his upcoming film OMG Oh My God! and believes that it will surely bring a change in many people.The actor claims that he follows the religion of humanity when it comes to his personal life.On being asked about his take on philosophy of life, he said, \"I believe that people should believe people around them, they should treat each other with kindness. When it comes to me I follow the religion of humanity.\"In the movie Paresh plays Kanjibhai, who doesn't believe in God. However, when probed about his personal life and his views on God, he said, \"It's not whether I believe in God, but it's whether he believes in me.\"\"We are giving a very serious message through OMG Oh My God! but in a light manner so that they are entertained,\" concluded the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16289310", "title": "Nashik girl awarded for space research", "text": "NASHIK: Nashik girl Sweety Pate, student of final year Aerospace Engineering in SRM University, Chennai, and her team won the third prize in the Space Transportation Design Competition, organized by the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics Foundation (AIAA), USA.Sweety named the space vehicle she and her team designed in Marathi as Nav Kshitij Vahak, a commercial earth-to-orbit passenger space vehicle. This is the only team selected from India among 100 teams from 65 universities in the world. The team, led by Sweety, included Joel Alex Roy, Anku Aravind, Jeevaraj Hejmady, Sarnavi Mahesh, Rajdeep Chowdhuri, Ravikumar Shakya and Rishabh Bana.Sweety had earlier presented two research papers at the International Conference of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering, Paris, which have been published in international journals.She was awarded by NASA for her dolphin-shaped eco-friendly aircraft working on less fuel, producing less noise, and using very short runway for landing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "ahmedadad", "code": "16295080", "title": "ACPC yet to receive feedback from colleges", "text": "AHMEDADAD: The Admission Committee for Professional Courses (ACPC) is yet to receive complete feedback from the colleges on the number of engineering, pharmacy, MBA and MCA seats that have finally remained vacant. Over 10,000 engineering and pharmacy seats and over 7,000 MBA and MCA seats had remained vacant after admissions were closed by ACPC. The seats were handed over to the respective colleges to carry out admissions.The colleges were to grant admissions and sent a list to the ACPC and the Gujarat Technological University (GTU) by September 5. However, the officials said that only a few colleges had sent the list. \"This is because the GTU had directed the colleges to take their time in finding students and put in extra effort to fill the vacant seats without worrying about meeting the September 5 deadline,\" the officials said.Despite three rounds of admission process, 5,933 MBA seats and 2,438 MCA seats had remained vacant. The number of seats that could not find any takers in the state's engineering and pharmacy colleges is even higher at 10,678 seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288864", "title": "Ferry large idols after peak hours: Cops", "text": "MUMBAI: Last Sunday's traffic jam owing to the movement of Ganesh processions in Lalbaug-Parel gave the Bhoiwada police such a harrowing time that it has requested a local 'moortikar' to despatch large idols only after 9.30pm.Traffic DCP (city) S R Nilewad said, \"There were huge traffic snarls last Sunday owing to the movement of large Ganpatis without prior intimation. As a result, the local chowky at Bhoiwada requested idol-maker Vijay Khatu, who manufactures large Ganpatis, to urge mandals to take delivery of their idols during slack hours.\"\"There will be less chaos if the processions are taken out after 9.30pm, once peak hour is over. All we ask is that the common commuter not be inconvenienced. No directive or circular has been issued to this effect,\" he added.Vijay Khatu referred the matter to Naresh Dahibawkar, president of the Bruhanmumbai Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Samanvay Samiti. \"We pointed out to the DCP that the nocturnal journey would make it more difficult as we cannot see potholes in the dark. Sunday's problem occurred because trees en route had not been trimmed. We were surprised at the letter for we had met with police commissioner Satya Pal Singh as well as joint police commissioner (traffic) Vivek Phansalkar in Borivli just a day before and none of them made this recommendation,\" Dahibawkar said.Mandals cite their own compulsions. N P Yadav of Tulsiwadi, Tardeo, is set to bring home his tall idol this weekend. He said, \"Sunday is a holiday so mandal workers are free. In fact, there is less traffic as compared to weekdays, especially from 2.00pm to 5.00pm, when most of us take home the Ganpatis. Asking us to fetch the idol after 9.00pm is not reasonable because the deadline for loudspeakers is 10.00pm. One cannot accompany the idol in silence and bring it into the compound after 11.00pm.\"However, local shopkeepers and residents see wisdom in this recommendation. \"It is true that last Sunday witnessed some amount of chaos on the roads. I believe this is a good recommendation which will help streamline traffic in Lalbaug-Parel. Of course, it is up to the mandals to accept the request and make the plan successful,\" Sanket Khamkar, a prominent spice vendor in Lalbaug, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16290017", "title": "Colonies on govt land to pay heavy charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Urban development minister Arvinder Singh Lovely on Thursday laid out the roadmap for regularization of unauthorized colonies in the assembly. As per it, residents of 583 colonies will have to pay hefty charges, while those in the 312 colonies on private land will also have to pay.The 583 colonies stand on government land. Therefore, the residents will have to pay Rs 200 per square metre as development charge and an additional Rs 575 per square metre as land cost plus other penalties. The other 312 colonies will pay the development charge of Rs 200 per square metre.Lovely said the revenue department has been directed to start the process of opening sale, purchase and registration in colonies on private land. \"This may take up to two months at the most. We will be bringing a cabinet note soon to de-notify not just the 583 colonies on government land but also those that were not de-notified way back in the 1970s,\" Lovely said.With the first notification of 895 colonies out, the state government may have to approach the Centre for clarification on the land cost as the notification on the same had made a provision that this may be revised from time to time. Hence, a revision of land cost may see an upward swing adding to the price of regularization. However, the development charge of Rs 200 per sq m stands fixed as per the guidelines.Lovely also said that a provision has been created in the notification whereby any person aggrieved with the fixation of boundaries will be allowed to petition before the Board for Development of Unauthorized Colonies of the state government. \"There can be mistakes and if there are any genuine cases we will look into them,\" the minister said.The minister also admitted that the change will not happen overnight; but he asserted that the roadmap will be implemented expeditiously. \"We will constitute a task force to coordinate with all concerned agencies to expedite the formalities to make regularization effective on the ground.\"Lovely then went on to propose an ambitious plan for overcoming the lack of sanctioned building plans in unauthorized colonies till all these formalities are completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "16292781", "title": "New teachers appointed in Garhwa district", "text": "GARHWA: The villagers of Dhangardiha and Basaria Leva under Bhawnathpur block of the district got a shot in the arm with the appointment of new teachers in place of para teachers, most of whom are on an indefinite strike.The new recruits have been assigned the task of teaching the school children. Schools of the aforesaid villages were forced to shut down in the event of the para-teachers strike.Seeing the difficulties faced by students, members of Gram Shiksha Samiti as well as villagers came openly against such a state of affair that had brought teaching to a grinding halt. Meanwhile, acting on the instruction of district superintendent of education (DSE) Jai Govind Singh, a joint meeting of Gram Siksha Samiti members and the school management was held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16290916", "title": "Projects in Trichy moving slow", "text": "TRICHY: The seven-member petitions committee which was in Trichy to inspect the process of implementation of various schemes had to beat a hasty retreat on Thursday, as it was reluctant to answer media persons' queries on the projects. The chairman of the committee, P Mohan quipped, \"We are not answerable to you.\"Earlier, the team held an interactive session with district collector Jayashree Muralidharan, corporation mayor A Jaya, MLAs and others at the Kalai Arangam hall.Mohan said he had received 71 petitions from Trichy about the various ongoing works and 60 were disposed of instantly with clarifications about the government's position. As many as 11 petitions were rejected outright for the time being since there were untenable.Meanwhile, the Rs 36.4 crore yatri nivas for the Sri Ranganathar Swamy devotees is yet take off even after a year it was announced. The yatri nivas was to be raised on the bank of Kollidam. Hundreds of truckloads of sand had been poured into the eight-acre land, but the environmental department vetoed it on the plea that it was too close to the river and the soil condition was not conducive to sustain such a big structure that was to house 1,000 beds. Sources said it would come up at a place called Panchakarai at a distance of 1.5 km from the temple.Also work on the Rs 32 crore check dam across Cauvery at Mutharasanallur has started and pillars have been erected, but the work would not progress after water is released in Cauvery. Land has been identified for a National Law School and the Indian Institute of Information Technology, but work is yet to start. The chief minister had also announced a Rs five crore kalai arangam for Sri Ranganathar temple, a sprawling Rs 50 crore Senthosa Poonga, on the models of Singapore, but officials are clueless about the projects when queried. \"I do not know,\" said a revenue official when asked about the construction of the building for the Arts and Science College at Inamkulathur and the Rs 40 crore government women's horticulture college and a research centre at Navalurkuttapattu.The work on the two-metre-wide pedestrian corridor from the Amma Mandapam bathing ghat to Sri Ranganathswamy Temple in Srirangam at a cost of Rs one crore is also moving at a snail's pace. The Rs 100 crore project for turning the Trichy Government Hospital into a super specialty structure is yet to take off. The long-standing problem of regularizing the housing sites around 329 acres of the temple is yet to be solved.Meanwhile, the administration has confirmed that the chief minister would be visiting Srirangam on September 13 and work would perhaps start on the various projects soon after.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16292571", "title": "Cong workers clash with city cops, scores injured", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A Congress rally turned into a battlefield on Thursday as party workers and police clashed on the Mahatma Gandhi Marg (MGM) here, leaving scores injured from both sides. The condition of two policewomen was stated to be critical. In protest, the Congress called for an Odisha bandh on Monday.Trouble started around 2.30 pm when hundreds of Congress activists at the \"Assembly gherao\" mass convention broke the heavy police cordon and attempted to march towards the Assembly, which is in session. Ironically, the opposition and treasury benches were locked in a debate over the \"deteriorating\" law and order situation in the state when the pitched battle between the Congress workers and security personnel took place.Police tried to contain the mob by resorting to lathicharge and tear gas shelling, but the agitated activists in retaliation started pelting stones, smashing police and fire services vehicles. Some protesters mercilessly beat up a female constable, Pramila Padhi, after she got trapped alone in the mob. She is battling for life at Capital Hospital. Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh and some other police officers were hit by stones and sustained injuries. Police said 15 cops were hospitalized. Congress said 150 party men, including senior leaders such as Soumya Ranjan Patnaik and Anant Sethi, were injured. A few media persons, too, were wounded.During the violence, which continued till around 5 pm, high profile residents of the area such as bureaucrats, ministers and legislators stayed indoors. Vehicles parked outside their houses were damaged. The irate mob laid siege on the busy Master Canteen Square as police chased them away from Lower PMG Square. Though many police personnel were under protective gears, their seniors castigated them for hesitating to face the marauding crowd.\"We strongly condemn such police atrocity. It was absolutely unwarranted,\" said OPCC president Niranjan Patnaik, who along with other Congress leaders met Governor M C Bhandare in connection with the incident. Earlier at the rally, Niranjan said people were fed up with the BJD rule and would upstage it in the 2014 elections.AICC general secretary Jagdish Tytler came down heavily on the ruling BJD and pointed an accusing finger at chief minister Naveen Patnaik. \"Has the man lost his senses?\" he asked, condemning such an \"attack on political workers\".Naveen brushed aside the charges, saying Congress leaders were \"continuing with their old habit of making false allegations against our state government\".DGP Prakash Mishra, who along with a host of other senior police officers rushed to the spot when the violence was on, described the incident as \"pre-planned\". \"It was not a spontaneous outburst of anger by a mob. It was a well-planned violence and we handled it with utmost restraint. We had intelligence inputs and were alert to tackle the situation,\" Mishra told media persons. He said over 50 policemen were injured.\"We could have resorted to firing blanks or rubber bullets for self-defence. A law and order situation of this nature permits us to do that. But we did not lose our cool and tried to contain the mob through baton use only,\" Bhubaneswar additional commissioner of police Santosh Bala said.\"The mob not only pelted stones at us, but also damaged a pilot van, which was attached to Tytler,\" DCP Singh said. \"Some of our officers went missing. We suspect the mob kidnapped them. We will scan CCTV footage and take action against the rioters,\" the DCP added. Till evening, police arrested around 30 activists on charges of rioting, sources said.Congress leaders criticized the police for allegedly acting at the BJD's behest to suppress their movement. \"I admit our activists tried to march towards the Assembly and police retaliated. But police should not have used force to defuse our rally. Stones were pelted from both sides. Seventy activists from our side were injured due to police brutality,\" said senior Congress leader L B Mohapatra, who along with AICC secretary Jaydev Jena attempted to broker peace with police.AICC secretary Mirza Irshad Baig accused the Naveen government of misusing police force to disrupt the rally. \"It is barbaric act of police to stifle our voice against Naveen. How could police dare come inside the Congress Bhawan and attack our activists? A stone from police side hit my ankle,\" Baig said. \"We are not going to sit silently. We will take out rallies in coming days to tell people of Odisha about the BJD's misdeeds,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293442", "title": "Sonam and Dhanush turn 17 again for next", "text": "P laying a 17-year-old school student has its advantages. And Sonam Kapoor (27) and Dhanush (29), who  are currently filming Aanand Rai's Ranjhaanaa, in Varanasi will surely agree.The crowd in the holy city, notorious for descending on any film set like a avalanche left this film shoot alone. Primarily because, they couldn't recognise fashionista Sonam and Kolaveri Dhanush in their school uni forms.From Varanasi, director Rai told TOI, \"The first few days of the shoot have been like a blessing. Sonam and Dhanush are so much into their character that the crowd can't even recognise them.\" In fact, we heard that the actors don't just dress and behave like school kids but have also been reading books suitable for 17-yearolds.Thanks to their new wardrobe, Sonam and Dhanush have been roaming around freely in the famous 'gallis' of Varanasi enjoying the local food. And Sonam has become quite a fan of the 'Paan Banaras wala'. Perhaps, that's the only thing incongruous with her 17-year-old avtar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "16289060", "title": "Vainganga water level rises", "text": "BHANDARA: Vainganga river was flowing 9 metres above the danger mark at old Kardha bridge on Thursday morning. But the water started receding by evening. 2.46 lakh cusecs water was discharged from 33 gates of Gosikhurd dam after the catchment area of the river in Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra experienced heavy rains.11 gates of the dam were raised up to 3.5 metres while 22 gates were lifted up to 3 metres. Vainganga was flooded after heavy rains in Rajegaon (225mm), Sitekasa Bawanthadi (125mm), Balaghat (57mm) and Bhandara (58mm) in a day.Presently, there is a discharge of 10,500 cusecs from Sanjay Sarovar from its 4 gates which are lifted up to only 0.50 metres while 3,200 cusecs are discharged from four gates of Pujaritola and the gates are raised by .30 metres. On Wednesday, there was a discharge of 2.46 lakh cusecs from Kanhan and the old bridge near Mathani was submerged.Water is discharge from Gosikhurd to maintain balance of inflow and outflow of the river. One of the reasons for the flood-like situation is that there is not a single dam on river Kanhan which makes it difficult to control the flow of water.According to SDO Vinod Harkande, the situation is under control. District collector SP Singh, executive engineer Sripad Apate and Mohan Pangunwar of Central Water Commission visited the old bridge on Vainganga river near Kardha and took stock of the situation. He ordered the police personnel to put barricades on both sides of the bridge to avert any untoward incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16287759", "title": "I only suggested names, says Ashoka", "text": "BANGALORE: Home minister R Ashoka on Thursday said he had only suggested some names for allotment of 'bagair hukum' land and had no role beyond that.BMTF chief RP Sharma has filed charges against mayor D Venkatesh Murthy and asked him to clarify the alleged false declaration stating he was landless to avail of government land.BMTF also sent a notice to Ashoka recently, asking him to be present in the proceedings of the case as a witness. Murthy and his wife had got 8 acres in Somanahalli village in 2008.On the sidelines of an event at Yediyur, Ashoka said: \"The land allotted to Venkatesh Murthy has been withdrawn. I will not go in person to BMTF and will send a witness letter. After inspecting the land, revenue inspectors and tahsildars sanctioned the land.\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16290895", "title": "Difference of opinion hindering relations, says Karat", "text": "MADURAI: It is unfortunate that difference of opinion between two governments on the Tamil issue in Sri Lanka was affecting the relationship of the people in the two countries, CPM general secretary, Prakash Karat has said.He was answering a question at the 14th All India Conference of the Students' Federation of India (SFI) in Madurai on Thursday. Karat said, \"There may be difference of opinion over the issue between the two countries, but that should not hinder the people-to-people relationship in India and Sri Lanka.\"Addressing the conference, Karat said that there were two types of education in India, one meant for the rich with better quality and the other for the poor. He said that everybody including farmers and labourers should come forward to fight for the right to quality education for all.He recalled the contributions of comrades Bhaskaran, Subash Chakraborthy and others to the growth of the SFI, which had emerged as an influential organisation. The SFI is fighting for a better educational system and also against privatisation and commercialisation of the same.A resolution opposing foreign educational institutions regulations of entry and operations (maintenance of quality and prevention of commercialization bill, 2010) was passed at the conference. The resolution said that foreign education would not benefit the student fraternity in India.The resolution also demanded the government to initiate the formation of students' federations in all educational institutions and that it should not interfere with the functioning of institutes of higher education.The meeting also condoled the death of workers in the fire accident at a fireworks unit in Sivakasi on Wednesday.CPM leader Sitaram Yechury among others were present during the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16296020", "title": "SC orders CBI probe into illegal mining of ire ore in Bellary in Karnataka", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday ordered a CBI probe into illegal mining of 50.79 lakh tons of iron ore from Bellary and their illegal export through Belekeri port 400 km away.The apex court said it could not be believed that no one in the government knew about it.\"It is a case of fence eating the grass,: it said.The court asked the CBI to submit preliminary report of probe into illegal export of iron ore in six weeks. The Supreme Court said the CBI was free to lodge as many FIRs it felt necessary and was free to restore to custodial interrogation of accused.The Supreme Court added no other authority or court would intervene in the CBI probe into Karnataka mining export cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16294234", "title": "KSEB seeks additional rent of 65 from high-end consumers", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state electricity board (KSEB) has decided to seek the electricity regulatory commission's (SERC) permission to levy Rs 65-amonth as rent for the 'timeof-the-day' (ToD) meters that it is required to be installed in the premises of consumers who use more than 500 units of electricity a month as per an SERC directive.According to the board, the cost of a single unit of ToD meter would come to around Rs 2,500. In case some consumers prefer to install the ToD meters on their own, they will be allowed to do so.The board, in an order dated September 4, has also authorized the supply chain management (SCM) chief engineer to prepare an action plan for bulk purchase of ToD meters and place it before it for approval in two weeks. As per the SERC directive, power tariff charges of consumers who use more than 500 units of power and have a connected load of 20 KW, have to be calculated using ToD meters with effect from January 1, 2013.Once ToD meters are installed (on the basis of the average consumption in the last six months starting from July 1 to December 31, 2012), the electricity board will apply different tariff rates for power used by consumers during normal, peak and off-peak hours every day.The board has also entrusted the chief engineer (corporate planning) to conduct necessary studies for extending ToD metering and demand-based billing to all LT industrial, commercial and domestic consumers with connected load 10 KW and above.The commission had asked the board to submit a scheme for this before April 1, 2013. A draft proposal for carrying out the studies would be submitted in a month's time. In July this year, SERC gave KSEB permission to collect normal charges (Rs 6.50/unit) for consumption of power from 6am to 6pm, Rs 7.80/unit for consumption between 6pm to 10pm and only 90% of the normal charges (Rs 5.85/unit) for consumption from 10pm to 6am, from consumers using more than 500 units a month.If the average monthly consumption falls below 500 units, slab-based billing would be made applicable for that month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16290405", "title": "15-day reprieve as Kirori Singh Bainsla ends Gujjar protest", "text": "JAIPUR: The Gujjar faction led by Kirori Singh Bainsla accepted chief minister Ashok Gehlot's request to grant 15 days time more to the state government to decide on the community's 5% quota demand and called off its dharna near Panchana dam in Karauli district on Thursday. On the other hand, the Gujjar faction led by Congressmen Atar Singh Bhadana and Hari Singh Mahuwa accused Bainsla of 'selling out' the community's interests to the government for personal gains. The Congress leaders has announced to hold a mahapanchayat (community assembly) in New Delhi on October 2 and would request Union minister Sachin Pilot to lead it.The ruling party's leaders and former legislators alleged that Bainsla has challenged the community by organising a separate dharna near Panchana on September 4, instead of joining the Gujjar mahapanchayat at Sikandra near Dausa on September 5.Bainsla supporters, who began the dharna on Tuesday, had threatened to launch another statewide agitation to press for an early decision on their demand, as the four month time sought by the government earlier ended last week. The chief minister, however, bought more time from the protesting Gujjars after a delegation sent by Bainsla met government mediator, power minister Jitendra Singh here on Wednesday.\"Bainsla has held talks and signed agreements with the government on seven occasions after every Gujjar agitation for quota. But till date, the community has got nothing,\" Bhadana said at a press conference here, to stress that the Bainsla was responsible for the unrealised 5% quota dream for past six years.This group of Gujjars leaders, which, besides Bhadana and Mahuwa, includes Congressmen Rajendra Singh Bidhuri, GR Khatana and Devki Nandan Kaka, claimed to be the 'real' representatives of their community. \"Bainsla had a handful of supporters at Panchana, while thousands gathered with us Sikandra yesterday,\" Bhadana claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293439", "title": "Russell Brand reveals how Geri Halliwell looks naked", "text": "Russell Brand opened up about what Geri Halliwell looks like naked, after he was heckled by the crowd about his relationship with the Spice Girl.On stage in Weston Super Mare in Somerset this week, the comedian chuckled about their recent fling, which appears to have fizzled out after two weeks.\"Is she ginger all over?\" the Mirror quoted a member of the audience as saying.To which Brand responded: \"Don't be dirty. She's not got hair on her back. She's not like an orange Yeti.\"She's not like some hairy Jaffa Cake bear. She's still a person, she's still an actual person.\"He then told the audience not to ask any more questions about her, saying, \"look, give me a year and I'll turn it into good material for you.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16292440", "title": "Chirayu land allotment: HC notice to MoEF", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh high court has issued notice to ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) on a public interest litigation in which the petitioner challenged allotment of 32 acres of land in Bhainsakhedi to Chirayu Hospital Society on the ground that the land in question was part of \"submergence zone\" and full tank level of city's famous upper lake.A division bench comprising Justice KK Lahoti and Justice Vimla Jain issued the notices on the PIL filed by NGO - Parishram Samaj Evam Kalyan Samiti through its secretary Tarun Gupta, alleging multiple irregularities in the allotment process of land to the society.Court has sought reply from MOEF about the prior mandatory compliance of provisions of Ramsar Convenion on migratory species from the Central government and the prior approval of cutting of more than 4000 trees standing over the land from the forest ministry, petitioner's counsel Siddharth Radhelal Gupta said.The NGO had filed the PIL in May 2012 challenging large scale irregularities in the allotment of land by revenue, housing and environment department to Chirayu Society for the construction of Chirayu Medical College and Hospital. The petitioner had challenged the change of land use by the housing and environment department on multiple grounds. When the petition came up for hearing on Thursday, the petitioner prayed for seeking reply from MOEF also by including the ministry as a party.According to the petitioner, the land in question constitutes an integral part of notified wetland under internationally approved Ramsar Convention, 1971, for which prior approval from the international Ramsar Secretariat was mandatory. Further at the time of construction, the PIL alleged, that more than 4000 trees had been chopped off without any prior approval of forest department under MOEF, which again was illegal.Petitioner's counsel contended that for a complete and proper adjudication of the petition, particularly relating to prior approval from the Central government, MOEF should be asked to file reply. He argued that since the land falls in the \"full tank level\" of the upper lake, therefore it was all the more obligatory for the State government to have ensured prior mandatory clearances from MOEF, which has not been done in the present case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16290636", "title": "\u2018Chautala bent rules to promote netas\u2019 kin\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Om Parkash Chautala-led Haryana government was in a hurry to promote several candidates as officials of the Haryana civil services to circumvent judicial proceedings, the CBI said. During the Chautala's reign, the Haryana government in 2004 held interviews on a Sunday and issued appointment letters within 24 hours to eight candidates who were elevated to HCS posts. This was to favour relatives of politicians and bureaucrats and circumvent judicial proceedings , the CBI said. A report by the CBI, which probed the case following an SC order, said the interviews were held and recommendations for nomination to HCS were made the same day \u2014 on October 3. The next day, Haryana chief secretary received the recommendations, processed the file and placed it before Chautala. He approved it within hours and appointment letters were issued. The selected candidates joined duty the same day. In its probe report, the CBI said the \"undue haste was shown in order to circumvent judicial proceedings\" . A related case was to come up before the Punjab and Haryana high court on October 5, 2004. The government anticipated a stay on the appointments from the court and completed the entire process within 24 hours, the CBI report said. It recommended filing cases against Chautala and then transport minister Ashok Arora for changing selection criteria and ignoring merit to nominate relatives of top bureaucrats and politicians. Two ex-chief secretaries \u2014 Sunil Ahuja and A N Mathur, then principal secretary to CM B D Dhalia (now an INLD leader ), then principal secretary (transport) R N Parashar (now chairman of Haryana Electricity Regulatory Commission ), then revenue secretary K C Sharma also face charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289284", "title": "CBI likely to question ex-CM Koda", "text": "New Delhi: CBI sources on Thursday claimed that they will question former Jharkhand CM Madhu Koda in connection with the FIR filed against Vini Iron and Steel Udyog that was allocated the Rajhara North coal block in the state. Investigations revealed that the state government had given a 'positive recommendation' to the firm only after its owners sold the company to Koda's aide Vijay Joshi.CBI is also likely to question to Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik and Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh. Jharkhand CM Arjun Munda may also be questioned.Agency sources said that they have primarily found suspicious allocation of 24 companies and five FIRs have been registered so far. Another six FIRs would be registered within two weeks. Sources said that they had found that screening committee and state governments were responsible for giving recommendations for the companies for getting coal blocks, including JAS, JLD and AMR that already had coal blocks, but still the coal ministry should have properly verified these firms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16289002", "title": "Car mishap victim speaks after months", "text": "MUMBAI: Juhu-Tara road accident victim Priyanka Rai (23) uttered a few words a day after she went home following five months of hospital stay. There was a steady stream of visitors at her Kalyan house all day, said family members.\"She called out maa a couple of times. These are the first words she spoke after the accident in all these months,\" said Priyanka's sister Kajal, adding that her mother was in tears on hearing her speak. Priyanka sustained massive brain injuries following the accident that killed two of her friends Shivani Rawat and Nimisha Mane.Kajal said Priyanka still needs to be fed through a tube attached to her stomach. \"She has to be exposed to sunlight and fresh air. This will help her recover faster,\" said Kajal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16291053", "title": "SGPC to send scholars to Cambridge", "text": "CHANDIGARH: University of Cambridge has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Shiromani Gurudwara Parbhandhak Committee (SGPC) for sending five Sikh scholars to the university to pursue M.Phil and Phd.Vice-chancellor of the University of Cambridge Leszek Borysiewiczh, who is on a three-day visit to Punjab, emphasized upon the proper utilization of human resources by imparting global education.The total expenses including the fee and boarding are approximately Rs 25 lakh per student per year, which would be shared equally by the SGPC and the Cambridge Commonwealth Trust.Borysiewiczh, who is on his first visit to Punjab, said: \"I had always cherished the desire to pay obeisance at Golden Temple at Amritsar. Having heard a lot about the valour and capabilities of Sikh community, I have come to visit the famous educational institutions of SGPC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16289930", "title": "'Shiroda molestation victim was misused by school authorities'", "text": "PONDA: Even as Ponda police arrested the teacher of Kamlabai Hede high school, Shiroda, in connection with the alleged molestation of a 14-year-old schoolgirl on Thursday, the father and grandmother of the victim have alleged that the girl has been intentionally \"utilized\" in the case for the personal motives of the president and headmistress of the school and have sought action against them.The teacher, who is under suspension, has been admitted to Hospicio hospital, Margao, after he complained of giddiness following his arrest.In a written complaint submitted to Ponda police, the father and grandmother of the victim have accused the president of the school Ramkrishna Parkar, headmistress of the school Hede and social activist Auda Viegas of compelling the schoolgirl to file a \"false\" complaint against the teacher. (TOI has a copy of the letter).The letter reads, \"My daughter (name not mentioned) has been misutilized intentionally by headmistress and president for their self motive and if anything happens to my daughter at any point of time then above persons will be fully responsible for the same.\"The letter also alleges that the headmistress got the complaint written from the student when she had fever. The headmistress visited their house and compelled her to write the complaint as she dictated it to her.The complainants have also mentioned that the president and the headmistress were harassing the victim and her sister (also a student of the same school) that they would detain them in the same class and remove them from the school. The incident has led the girl into depression and she is disturbed and refuses to eat and drink, the complaint states.When contacted, the Ponda PI Jivba Dalvi has admitted to receiving the letter. He said that he has not gone through it.Parkar has refuted the allegations levelled against him. He said the school has extended full support to the child.Viegas said that after reading the news about the alleged incident she intervened in the matter as a social gesture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16290157", "title": "Chandigarh Municipal Corporation barks at dog bylaw violators", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As residents have not been taking dog bylaws seriously and have been violating these, the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation has decided to find such violators and penalize them. The more widely violated bylaw is regarding registration of pet dogs.The MC on Thursday directed all their health supervisors, chief sanitary inspectors and sanitary inspectors to make surprise checks throughout the city to identify violators of dog bylaws and then send a fortnightly report to their seniors. Besides that an official has specifically been appointed by the authority to take action against violators.Dogs of 'repeat violators', that is those who do not get their pet dogs registered despite being penalized once, will be taken away by the MC.Sources in the MC revealed that over two years have passed since the by-laws were notified but it has been seen that violations continue. The pace of registration of pet dogs is low and a large number of people have not come forward to register their dogs, despite residents having been informed about it through various means like advertisements and pamphlets. Besides it has also come to light that illegal breeding is also going on in some areas, therefore a decision to penalize violators of bylaws was taken.A senior MC officer on condition of anonymity revealed, \"We have around 25 people in the health supervisor, chief sanitary inspector and sanitary inspector's offices. They have been allotted their respective areas and now these officers will inspect their respective areas and submit a written report in every 15 days to their seniors.\"Municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said, \"It has been seen that the residents are not complying with the dog by-laws, mainly regarding registeration of their pet dogs. Therefore we are going to start surprise checks and violators will be strictly penalized under the laid down norms.\"The dog bylaws were initially formed in the year of 2007. After some amendments, finally, bylaws were sent to UT administration and the same were implemented in 2010. However violations have continued since the dog bylaws came into force and many city residents have yet to register their dogs. The issue has come up in the monthly MC house meetings too, where councillors raised the issue of poor implementation of the norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16291487", "title": "Drivers wake up to need for meter", "text": "CHENNAI: Bring back the auto meter! It's not just the commuters saying this\u2014the auto drivers, too, want it. Proliferation of autorickshaws sans regulation and the reluctance of commuters to hail the threewheeler fearing exorbitant fares have left autorickshaw drivers at the disadvantage of not earning enough even after overcharging. So, how did it all go wrong?May 13, 2010 proved to be the turning point. Lifting a five-year freeze on new permits, the DMK government allowed new autorickshaws without restrictions . In just one year, the number of autorickshaws in Chennai more than doubled from around 30,000 to 62,000. In two years, statewide, 80,000 autos were added to the existing fleet of 1,52,072, a majority of them in Chennai.\"Many norms were relaxed then,\" said M S Rajendran, president of Auto Drivers Welfare Association affliated to the Centre for Indian Trade Unions. \"Earlier, only those who had passed Class 10 could get a permit. When this restriction was lifted, thousands of young men queued up at RTOs for permits . Rajendran, whose union has 15,000 members, said auto drivers in the city do charge more, but their lives haven't improved. \"The situation would be much better if the fares were regularised . Then our patronage would be more,\" said the trade union leader.Stakeholders felt that 70,000 autos are not too much for a city of 60 lakh people. Bangalore has 1.25 lakh autos that operate in a regulated and disciplined manner.There is still space for more autos, say experts. \"If the minimum charge is around 20, we will see more people taking autorickshaws for shorter distances,\" said Shreya Gadepalli of the Institute of Transportation and Development.There are 66,769 autorickshaws with permit in the city. Rajendran says there could be another 15,000 without permits. While those in the suburbs have no choice but to use autorickshaws for the last-mile , several in the city say that they would have gladly left behind their private vehicles if the fares were not inflated.\"After a long time, I took an auto the other day when my car was given for service. I enjoyed the ride as I could, for once, forget about driving in the heavy traffic. Had the fare been lower, I would do it more often,\" said K Shanthi, who works in Taramani. Drivers said they could offer more than this comfort. \"Once I took an elderly couple to the basement of an apartment and stopped right outside the lift. What other mode of transport can offer such service?\" says K Kumar , an auto driver in T Nagar. Point taken; now bring back the meter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16290860", "title": "Water could trigger wars in future: Commodore Baghel", "text": "COIMBATORE: \"Future will see war over water rather than territory,\" said Commodore Amar Singh Baghel, commanding officer of INS Agrani of Indian Navy. Addressing the students at Moksha 2012, a photography and art exhibition organised by the School of Media at Karunya University, Baghel said, water resources need to be conserved and distributed equally in order to avoid a calamity.The present water disputes between states and regions are ominous portends of the difficult days ahead, Baghel said. \"Future generations would be grateful to us if we can protect the existing water resources for them. Overexploitation and massive environmental degradation are drying up our water fountainheads. Pollution too plays a significant role in causing extreme water scarcity,'' he said.More than 200 photographs and paintings with the focus on water were exhibited on the occasion. Student photographers from leading colleges in the city took part. Shanthini Pandiaraj, head of the department of Electronics and Media Technology at the university, said the programme was visualized to encourage students to respond to a burning social issue creatively. \"We wanted the students to come up with creative ideas. There are many students who have brilliant ideas. We provided a platform for them to express their talent,\" she said.Students who participated in the show said capturing events on camera was an interesting experience. \"Capturing our ideas on a camera and expressing them involve a great challenge. This was a chance for us to express our ideas on conserving water and its preciousness,\" said Jonathan Sanjay, a third year BSc visual communication student. For some, it was an experience to understand the poor awareness levels among the common people. R Kirubakaran, a second year PG student from PSG College of Arts and Science, who had taken a picture of residents at a colony in Vellalore taking dirty water, said they were doing it without knowing that the water was dirty. \"It was shocking to note that they were not concerned about the poor quality of water,\" he said.School students who exhibited their paintings on water also said this was their chance to depict their creative talents. R Jeyatheerthan, a student of class 8 at the Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan school, drew a picture on the theme, 'every drop counts'. \"Painting is a medium through which an idea can be etched in the minds of the viewers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16290619", "title": "Anna to restructure his anti-corruption trust", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare on Thursday announced that he would restructure his Bhrashtachar Virodhi Jana Andolan ( BVJM) trust to widen its scope and create a team of volunteers who will mobilise voters against political parties that opposed the Lokpal bill in Parliament.The volunteers will also create public pressure in favour of the right to reject, empowerment of gram sabhas, citizens' charter and bringing the police under the purview of the Lokpal/Lokayukta.In a statement issued here, Hazare said the time has come to widen the scope of the anti-corruption movement to ensure that it did not remain a mere platform which exposed corruption cases. However, he reiterated that the volunteers will not form any political party or contest elections. \"The team of around 4,000 volunteers will only give an alternative to the voters and empower them to bring about a transformation,\" he said.Hazare said the trust was an anti-corruption movement, established in 1997, which spread throughout the state. \"It was because of the efforts of the movement that action was taken against six corrupt ministers and 400 government officials. It also mobilised support for the Right To Information Act, raised a voice against delay in official work and arbitrary transfers of honest officials and sought more powers for gram sabhas. But if the scope of this movement is not widened, it will be reduced to a complaint redressal forum,\" he said.The Gandhian said that after restructuring the trust, the volunteers will awaken voters against political parties and people's representatives who opposed the Lokpal bill. They will also urge people to elect only those who have a clean character. Underlining the need for the right to reject, Hazare said that it will stop criminals and corrupt people from getting elected. He said that gram sabhas needed more powers and their approval should be made mandatory for acquiring/utilising land, water or forest in the respective villages.\"Another issue to be taken up by the volunteers is time-bound completion of works by government officials and disposal of files. We also need laws that will bring the police under the purview of the Lokpal or Lokayukta,\" Hazare said, while appealing to youths of good character to register their names for the movement. He also said that after two months, he will tour every state in the country to mobilise people against corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288287", "title": "\u2018CM let off errant co-op banks lightly\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: It may have brought cheer to thousands but in political circles the move by the chief minister's office (CMO) to extend services of the district cooperative banks ( DCB) for disbursing salary to teachers is being read differently.In what is being seen as a sign of the CMO buckling to the powerful cooperative lobby controlled by its coalition partner the NCP, it has been decided that the DCBs will continue to handle salary accounts of teachers on the condition that salary is credited in the first four days of the month. \"The DCBs have failed to perform their duty and deserved to lose their contract,\" said a senior official of the education department.\"However, it seems the CMO has allowed them to get away with no punishment under pressure from the power cooperative lobby. Instead, now they have been given a long rope,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289597", "title": "Highway ministry cites green hurdles for delay in road projects", "text": "New Delhi: Highways ministry has claimed that its road projects are getting delayed because of environment, forest and wildlife clearances that take between anywhere one and three years. The ministry is likely to present cite thus reason before the committee of secretaries (CoS), headed by the Cabinet Secretary, on Monday. The CoS is looking into simplifying procedures for expediting infrastructure projects.A senior ministry official said that issues relating to green clearance were raised in the earlier CoS meetings. \"Our experience shows while environmental clearances take 12-15 months, forest clearances can take over three years. The delays have impacted awarding of highway projects,\" a senior official said.The ministry officials are also likely to argue for liberal green norms for road sector. Sources said that the provisions of Forest Rights Act ( FRA) should not apply to road projects. To make matters worse, the process of getting approvals from village panchayats is adding to inordinate delay of projects.The ministry has recommended the drafting of uniform terms of reference (ToR) to grant environment clearances for all road projects. ToR is the basis for the environment impact assessment of any project. At present, an expert appraisal committee of ministry of environment and forests determines ToR for each project.The ministry is also pushing for delinking environmental clearance from forest clearances. \"Construction should be allowed on stretches other than those falling in forest area, until we get forest clearance. Since a road project usually takes three years, we can get forest clearances at a later stage. This will ensure that the entire project doesn't get delayed,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16295569", "title": "Central posting continues lures bureaucrats", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lure of central posting among bureaucrats has never been a secret. The release of latest figures, showing rush of IAS officers to Delhi, has now made this trend much more obvious where a little less than one-sixth of the country's elite 'babus' has parked themselves in the Capital despite being repeatedly asked by states to join their respective cadres.Government's data, updated till August 31, show that as many as 678 out of 4,377 IAS officers in the country are currently posted in different central ministries in Delhi. Though the highest number of IAS officers (78) who are posted in Delhi belongs to the Uttar Pradesh cadre, it is Kerala which suffers the most in terms of facing the crunch as one-fourth of its senior 'babus' (40 out of 158) are posted here.Figures show that 41 IAS officers from Madhya Pradesh, 38 from Tamil Nadu, 35 from West Bengal, 32 from Odisha, 28 each from Bihar and Rajasthan, 25 each from Karnataka and Himachal Pradesh , 24 from Haryana and 21 from Gujarat are posted at different positions in the Capital. At present, the UP has the maximum number of IAS officers (376) by virtue of its being a big state followed by Madhya Pradesh (299), Maharashtra (295), Tamil Nadu (286), Andhra Pradesh (284) and West Bengal (227).However, they all work with the reduced strength -- not only due to the 'central posting' norm but also due to gap between the sanctioned strength and actual strength of officers. Facing the shortage, 12 states have recently written to Centre asking for repatriation of their IAS officers. The states who want some of their 'babus' back to their respective cadres include Assam, Chhattisgarh, Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh, Jharkhand, Kerala, Maharashtra, Manipur, Mizoram, Odisha, Punjab and UP.Although there is no any procedural lapse in getting IAS officers posted in Delhi for stipulated period (five-year) of central posting, the matter becomes problematic only when the 'babus' work their ways out to get an extension at the cost of their own state cadres. They not only lobby with their political masters for the central posting but also try hard to get repeated extension at one or other pretext. There have been instances where IAS officers even went on long leave or sabbatical after finishing their central posting.\"On receipt of their requests from states, comments of the central ministry where the officers are posted and the officers' willingness to prematurely repatriate with the condition of extended cooling off period are ascertained\", said the ministry of personnel, in response to a Parliament Question.It said in those cases where the ministry and the officers agreed, the officers were prematurely repatriated with the approval of the competent authority. Statistics also show that the country, at present, faces a shortage of 1,777 IAS officers. There are 4,377 such officers in the country as against the sanctioned strength of 6,154.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "16292690", "title": "Truck rams into shop", "text": "LOHARDAGA: A shop near the local Women's college was completely damaged after the driver of a truck lost control and hurtled into it on Wednesday night. The shop which deals in mobile phones has suffered an estimated loss of Rs 5 lakh. The owner Vikki Kumar who was sleeping inside when the accident took place had a close shave. Truck driver Mangu also escaped unhurt.Sadar police station OC Deogam said the matter was being investigated. He said the actual cause of the accident would be soon determined only after a probe.Recounting his experience, Kumar said, \"I had just retired for the night in the cabin at the far end of the shop which saved me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16291426", "title": "Businessman held for 1 crore fraud", "text": "CHENNAI: A businessman who defrauded more than 70 depositors of more than 1 crore after claiming that he would procure paper cup making machines from China for them was arrested on Wednesday. Police said Jaffar Saddiq Basha of Velan Nagar, who ran the Sunshine Business Group at Alwarthirunagar , took out advertisements in newspapers and on the web claiming to procure paper cup making machines at a cheaper price. Orders began pouring in and he took 2 lakh each from several traders in Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh , Kerala and Karnataka . He told them he had visited several parts of China and struck a deal with a few businessmen in that country who promised to give him the machines at a discounted price. However, when Basha neither returned the money nor got them the machines , some traders lodged a complaint with city police commissioner J K Tripathy. Basha was nabbed at Alwarthirunagar . Police said Jaffer earlier ran a firm called 'Hairoonthai' and used a similar modus operandi to cheat several people before renaming the company \"Sunshine Business Group\" to evade being caught.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288889", "title": "Cop darbar tomorrow", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior Mumbai police officers will meet citizens on Saturday, September 8, between 9.30-11.30am. Cops said citizens can approach senior officers at their local police station with their grievances.Joint commissioner of police (CP) (administration) will be present at Matunga police station, joint CP (crime) at Marine Drive police station, joint CP (law and order) at Borivli police station and joint CP (traffic) at Worli police station to meet citizens. The same exercise had been carried out last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16293530", "title": "Positive thinking can avert stress, depression: SGPGI study", "text": "LUCKNOW: If you talk, think and act in a positive way, then problems like stress and depression will not haunt your life. This is no platitude from a monk or yogi. Instead it is a fact scientifically proven by researchers who came together in a study undertaken by Center for Bio Medical Resonance (CBMR), Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences. Director of CBR, Prof CL Khetrapal informed that a study was undertaken on 16 persons.They were shows 48 different sorts of positive and negative sentences. While the process was on, the activities in the brains of the subjects were recorded through functional magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). \"It was found that when negatives sentences were spoken, the bilateral temporal area of the brain became active which was not the case for positive sentences,\" Prof Khetrapal said.Assistant professor Dr Uttam Kumar who was a part of the study added that stress emerges due to brain reaction caused by the action in the brain.It may be noted that functional MRI is different from the routine MRI used in the hospitals. In fact, it is newer than the traditional MRI. \"An MRI is able to take images of the changes in the body that have happened in the past while an FMRI records ongoing changes in the body,\" explained an expert.Besides, researchers from CBMR, Prof P Prakash from Mysore and Dr RK Sharma from center for behavioural and cognitive sciences, Allahabad university were also a part of the study. The work has made it to international medical journal \"Brain Imaging and Behaviour\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293146", "title": "Puja to play female lead in O\u2019Henry", "text": "Tollywood's latest sensation Puja's debut and much hyped film 'Macho Mustana' may have fallen flat in box office but her superb acting has been so much appreciated both by audiences and critics that she is now being flooded with offers for more roles. Apart from Challenge 2 , where she will share screen with Dev, she has now bagged for the lead role in upcoming film O'Henry .Source: http://bengalimovies.org/news/ puja-play-female-lead-o-henry-10381", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "sivakasi", "code": "16291596", "title": "Sivakasi fireworks tragedy: Did chemical mix cause the explosion", "text": "SIVAKASI: A mixture of chemicals used in fancy fireworks that paint the sky in varying hues is blamed for many of the accidents in Sivakasi. Locally called \"mani marundhu\" , this mix of magnesium, magnalium , sulphur, ammonium nitrate, barium nitrate, charcoal and turpentine is so volatile that it goes off with minor friction. \"One should be extremely careful while dealing with the mixture because it can go off even with slight friction,\" said N Arjunan , who works in a fireworks unit close to Om Shakthi Fireworks, where a series of explosions killed 38 people on Wednesday. The mixture is used in all fireworks that are intended to produce multi-coloured illumination .With the demand for fireworks producing loud noise going down and market for multi-hued fireworks increasing, the use of mani marundhu has steadily increased. While some firecracker units buy the chemical mixture from others, many make it themselves, in a process as dangerous as handling the chemical mixture. After the chemicals are mixed with turpentine , the mixture is dried under shade for two to three hours and then left in mild sunshine, said G Selvi, a survivor of the tragedy. The workers then pack the mixture into small balls that are stuffed into capsules of paper rolls. The level of turpentine should be maintained uniformly to prevent friction during this process. \"I suspect that friction in mani marundhu triggered a fire that led to the explosions ,'' Selvi said. Meanwhile, various government departments have begun probing the cause of the accident. Chief minister Jayalalithaa has ordered a probe by the district revenue officer . Forensic experts, who inspected the spot, said they have collected pieces of debris and chemicals. \"We will send the samples to the lab to determine the cause of the accident,\" he said. District SP Najmul Hoda said the police were probing the accident", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16289802", "title": "Doctor fakes identity to dupe banks of Rs 5.9cr", "text": "KOLKATA: A well-known city doctor, with help from two chartered accountants, had made elaborate plans to dupe two nationalized banks of Rs 5.9 crore. Though the doctor managed to fake his identity and forge documents, the same photo on different bank documents led police to bust the forgery racket.\"Dasgupta's name cropped up a few weeks ago while we were probing a Rs 1.9-crore forgery from a nationalized bank at Kasba in southeast Kolkata,\" said police. In 2010, Dasgupta - an alumnus of NRS Medical College and Hopsital - had approached the bank for a loan to purchase some medical equipment from a company named Meditech. He mortgaged a land deed against the loan amount. The bank, therefore, disbursed the loan amount of Rs 1.9 crore without the slightest suspicion. The amount was deposited in Meditech's account in another private bank.Later, the bankers found that the account holder of Meditech was Dasgupta himself. It was then that the bank authorities lodged a formal complaint. Internal probe revealed that the land deed mortgaged by Dasgupta was fake.While probe was under way, the bank noticed that Rs 22 lakh had been deposited by Dasgupta in the loan account on August 24 this year. This raised their suspicion and they at once informed the investigating officials. The sleuths immediately got down to trace the online transaction. It was found that a sum of Rs 4 crore was deposited as a loan amount in the account of another private bank.Probe revealed that one Samir Dasgupta had applied for a loan of Rs 4 crore from a nationalized bank at Lions Range to purchase medical equipment. The applicant company Betascam was supposed to buy the equipment from Intermedix. The bank found the documents in place and santioned the loan which was deposited in the account of Intermedix on August 28. Surprisingly, the entire amount was distributed to 10 other accounts soon after Rs 4 crore was deposited.Police said that Rs 22 lakh was transferred to a private bank from Intermedix's account on August 24. The same day, the amount reached Dasgupta's loan account at Kasba. Though the transaction initially baffled cops, a further probe revealed that the photograph in Samir Dasgupta's PAN card and Voter ID card were identical with that of Dasgupta.Police immediately asked all the banks in the transaction chain to seize the accounts. But before the accounts were seized, the racketeers managed to withdraw Rs 40 lakh. However, prompt action by police helped save the remaining Rs 3.6 crore.\"Dasgupta wasn't alone. There is a larger racket behind the forgery. We are trying to track the others involved in the racket,\" said police. \"The two chartered accountants had prepared documents to get the loan and they are also among the beneficiaries,\" said Joint CP Crime, PK Ghosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16290464", "title": "17 lensmen lose their way in jungle, traced after 12 hours", "text": "JAIPUR: A picnic in the jungle turned a nightmare for 17 photographers when they lost their way in the jungle of Maheshwara Kho under Karanpur police station area in Karauli district on Wednesday. They were forced to spend the night in the jungle and were found by police almost 12 hours later on Thursday morning.According to the police, 47 people including 43 photographers had organised a picnic under the famous waterfall at Maheshwara Kho. They reached the spot at 11 am on Wednesday and had also brought four people as cooks.\"It was decided that after having bath under waterfall, they will return to Kailadevi town. Thus, after spending almost four hours, they decided to make a group having six members each to reach the bus parked nearly four km from the spot. Only 30 people reached the spot, while 17 (all photographers) lost their way in the jungle,\" said Amandeep Singh, SP, Karauli on Thursday.\"In the wee hours we sent nearly 50 policemen to scan the area of almost five km. Finally, all these 17 persons were traced as they were sitting almost a km away from a water fall,\" Singh added.\"After walking for almost one km, we realized that we lost the way. Only a few cellphones were working. Since we are looking for a way to get out of the jungle it was impossible to carry things likes bags, LPG cylinders and other stuff. Thus, we threw away the food,\" said Radhyesham Khatik, one of the photographers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16290667", "title": "BRTS corridor paves way for realty boom", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While the real estate in Ahmedabad is desperately in need of an adrenalin shot to jive back to action, a recent presentation on the BRTS corridor and realty development along it by Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) claims that there has been a significant rise of realty rates along BRTS corridor since 2007.Based on the government Jantri rates (basic minimum prices fixed for the land by government), the study has compared the latest 2011 rates with those of 2007 rates and has also taken into account the density of households along the BRTS corridor.To start with, if one takes into account the total area of Ahmedabad, which is 469 sq km, then the average population density of the city works out to be 136 persons per hectare (ppha), while the density along the BRTS corridor is 299 ppha. AMC study says there are an additional 20,065 buildings that have come up in the city, mostly in the vicinity of the BRTS corridor since work began on the corridor in 2006. There is a 7.4% increase over the number of properties registered till 2006.The study also reflects the fact that Sarangpur, Soni ni Chali, Odhav and Naroda in the eastern part of the city have gained significantly because of the BRTS corridor. A better accessibility across the river to the eastern side has raised land Jantri rates from Rs 10,000 per sq m to Rs 20,000 per sq m in the last five years. The number of residential societies coming up along the 500 metre buffer zone is anywhere between 125 to 150 residential properties per hectare. This is significant as many commuters who take BRTS buses go to commercial areas. In posh western areas, Jantri rates have jumped from 60 to 185% land after the BRTS service started in 2009, claims the AMC study.\"It's the number of the commercial properties that have come up along the BRTS corridor that will be significant for the corridor in future. We expect the BRTS to fuel what we call a transit-oriented development. Today on an average, around 2,000 to 3,000 households are getting developed along each radial of the BRTS,\" said a senior AMC official.The official added, \"With the growing popularity of the transport medium , BRTS is contributing towards reducing traffic on roads. As per our calculation a BRTS bus occupies 90 sq m and moves 180 people, while in the regular mixed traffic lanes, with various types of cars and scooters only 168 people move after their vehicles occupy 550 sq m. One can see the road space that is occupied by vehicles in the mixed traffic lanes that normally leads to congestion. Increasing road widths can't be an answer to solving traffic problems as new vehicles get added to these expanded roads.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16292472", "title": "Baby rescued", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Child Line activists on Thursday rescued a one-and-a-half month old girl from a person at Baguli Street in Berhampur. Ishwara Rao had been taking care of the child since Wednesday, the activists. Rao said the mother of the baby had left the baby in his house on Wednesday. He, however, did not spell out the address of the woman.\"We suspect the child might have been sold to the person as he has no girl child,\" said director, Child Line (Berhampur) Sundhir Sabat. \"Initially, Rao was reluctant to give the baby. But when we threatened to inform police about the unlawful detection of the baby, he relented,\" Sabat added.\"The baby was in good condition. It will be kept in a hospital for some days till we try establish the address of her mother,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16290569", "title": "Times heroes hailed by SC say they just did their duty", "text": "If a picture is worth a thousand words, then the photographs shot by these two Times Group staffers were eloquent testimonies that provided clinching evidence against Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab .Even as Kasab was in the midst of his murderous spree on the night of 26/11, Shriram Vernekar of The Times Of India and Sebastian D'Souza of Mumbai Mirror displayed amazing courage - and upheld the finest traditions of journalism - by ignoring the grave risk to their own lives and capturing Kasab on camera.The heroism of these two outstanding professionals has earned them well-deserved praise from many quarters, including the Supreme Court of India. On August 29, while upholding Kasab's death sentence, the court complimented them for showing great courage in the face of adversity and presenting evidence that was 'extraordinary' . It was a proud moment not just for these two men and their families, but even for the Times Group. But Vernekar and D'Souza themselves are nonchalant when discussing their remarkable achievement. Didn't they feel scared? No, they both insist. \"When I am at work, these thoughts don't come to my mind. I don't have any fear because I started my career with covering riots so I have seen a lot of killings,\" says D'Souza .\"There was no question of feeling scared. I knew I had to get that photo somehow . I hid behind the wall of VT station and took the pictures. It was his gun versus my camera,\" says Vernekar.But didn't they think of their family? D'Souza says that he doesn't let such thoughts intrude on his mind while he is at work. In fact, the main emotion he felt in those harrowing moments was anger. When Kasab shot police inspector Shashank Shinde, D'Souza considered picking up Shinde's pistol and shooting at Kasab, but decided against it because the pistol was too small. As for Vernekar, the only thought in his mind was to take as many pictures as possible as he knew it was very important.How do they feel about the praise? Says D'Souza : I feel proud that my photos did not go waste and helped decide the case. Adds Vernekar, \"I am very happy that a person who killed so many people has been sentenced to death and my work helped in convicting him. I just want that the judgment should be executed immediately so that my work is not wasted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288916", "title": "Ganpati festival: State allows Indian instruments beyond deadline on 3 immersion days", "text": "MUMBAI: In a controversial decision, the state has allowed playing of Indian instruments beyond midnight across the state on three days of Ganesh immersion, albeit within prescribed limits for various zones. The Ganpati festival begins on September 19.The decision, said Sumaira Abdulali, convener, Awaaz foundation, which fought to introduce and implement anti-noise pollution norms, is in contravention of a 2005 Supreme Court order. The section on loudspeakers clearly states, \"No one shall beat a drum or tom-tom or blow a trumpet or beat or sound any instrument or use any sound amplifier at night (between 10pm and 6am) except in public emergencies.\"However, Valsa Nair-Singh, secretary, environment, said the laws on noise pollution were silent on the playing of traditional Indian musical instruments. \"There is a ban on the use of loudspeakers after midnight but no mention of traditional instruments,\" she said.On Wednesday, legislators from Pune held a meeting with home minister R R Patil and told him that when the music stops, people often leave the Ganesh idol by the side of the road and go back. In order to prevent a law and order situation, Patil instructed Pune police commissioner to allow the use of traditional Indian instruments post midnight, provided they were within the decibel norms.Officials said cops have been provided with meters to measure decibel levels. \"If the sound is beyond the permissible limit, they can confiscate the instruments and file a case under the environment protection Act.''The police will, however, find it difficult to implement the law, as at the meeting the home minister agreed to withdraw 155 cases registered against members of various Ganesh mandals in Pune under the very same Act.\"The cases were filed for delaying the immersion procession, violating norms of playing traditional music instruments or use of loudspeakers far beyond the stipulated time,\" Patil told reporters after emerging from a joint meeting of police officials and elected representatives from Pune on the issue.Abdulali said the state's decision was politically motivated and detrimental to citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16289221", "title": "16 months on, NTCA office in city remains headless", "text": "NAGPUR: National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) seems to be casual about running its regional office at Nagpur. Even 16 months after the office was opened, it remains headless. No officer inspector general of forests (IG) rank has been appointed to head the office as was announced.The regional office was inaugurated in state forest department premises at Ravi Nagar on April 27, 2011, by none other than then minister for environment and forests Jairam Ramesh and state chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. During the inauguration, both had said opening of the NTCA office was the first step towards boosting tiger tourism in and around Nagpur, the 'Gateway to tiger land' or Waghpur.\"All help would be given to boost ecotourism. NTCA office is a dream come true,\" both leaders said. However, the promise now seems to be turning sour. Of the three NTCA offices in India, Nagpur's was the first. It was to oversee 15 tiger reserves in Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh , Madhya Pradesh and Odisha. However, at present the lone official Ravikiran Govekar, assistant inspector general (AIG), posted here is handling more than 50% tiger reserves in the country.Of the 41 tiger reserves in India, Nagpur regional office is looking after 25 spread over10 states. This is because there is no official posted in Guwahati regional office too. Hence, 10 reserves in Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh , Jharkhand , Bihar , West Bengal and Assam are also being looked after by Nagpur. As IG has not been posted, AIG is holding charge. He is almost always on tour of tigers reserves in other states as the regional office is supposed to plan, monitor, and provide guidance in the field management to tiger reserves.During the inauguration, member-secretary of NTCA Rajesh Gopal had promised that an IG rank officer equivalent to a chief conservator of forests (CCF) would be posted in three months. However, Gopal seems to have forgotten the promise. When contacted, S P Yadav, deputy inspector general (DIG) of forests and joint director of NTCA, Delhi, said, 'the appointments are cleared by environment ministry. Nominations for IG's post at Nagpur have been received and I think appointment is in process. So far, there is no intimation from MoEF.\"Earlier, NTCA had appointed wildlife vet Dr A D Kholkute as a consultant but he resigned as he was told to run the office. There were plans to recruit eight ministerial staff on outsourcing basis, but unless an IG is posted, everything else would be of little consequence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16287885", "title": "Abetment proves a sticky wicket for cops", "text": "MUMBAI: An examination of the treatment of several high profile suicide cases in the city over the last few years would seem to suggest that the offence of abetment to suicide often confounds policemen.The perception is that it is slapped in some cases, in others, it is not. Last year, after an airhostess committed suicide, Mumbai police arrested a pilot, who was suspected to be in a relationship with her. The charge did not stick and he walked free. On the other hand, they gave a business analyst a clean chit after his model-friend hanged herself after leaving a line in her diary stating that he killed her. Cops claimed she hadn't substantiated the charge.Is it poor investigation or wilful use of their discretionary powers? This question has made a comeback to legal corridors after the ruling in the Manish Malhotra case, where police have now booked his business partner for abetment. It is not necessary for every suicide case to have an abetment angle, said veteran criminal lawyer Shrikant Bhat. The police ought to investigate each suicide case to rule out any foul play, said another lawyer.Section 157 of the Criminal Procedure Code \u2014 the rule book in the criminal justice system \u2014 says police should investigate facts and circumstances of a case and, if necessary, make an arrest. \"Thus the police have clear discretion. But this discretion is subject to judicial review,\" said Bhat.The Supreme Court in a landmark judgment in 2010 tried to clear the confusion. It said there has to be a \"clear intent\" for the offence to convict a person for abetment to suicide. The bench of Justices Dalveer Bhandari and A K Patnaik had ruled, \"...in order to convict a person under section 306 (abetment to suicide) of IPC, there has to be a clear mens rea (clear intent) to commit the offence\". They added: \"Abetment involves a mental process of instigating a person or intentionally aiding a person in doing a thing.\"Bhat explained: \"As far as abetment to suicide is concerned, being 'responsible' does not constitute the offence. Should the agriculture minister be responsible for all farmer suicides?\"Defining abetment, section 107 of the Indian Penal Code says the accused must consciously instigate someone to commit suicide.The police have no discretion when it comes to deciding whether an act amounts to a certain offence, but the police action depends on its investigation. The facts must disclose a deliberate abetment, said a defence lawyer.An instance of direct instigation is pointed out by Bhat in his book Principles and Practice of Criminal Law. In 1978, 900 members of the Peoples Temple committed mass suicide in the US. They were instigated by their guru James Warren Jones to consume cyanide.Abetment to suicide is difficult to prove and there is a lurking presumption that a person cannot commit suicide without instigation or unless compelled by circumstances, said Bhat. Such a presumption is unsupported by data and somehow is often the unstated major premise in many trial court judgments, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16290650", "title": "Fugitive police inspector nabbed in narcotics case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An inspector with the state prohibition and excise department who had been absconding for the past five months was nabbed by a team of state director general of police's vigilance squad on Wednesday from Dahod. The accused, P G Parmar, was allegedly involved in smuggling of opium poppies from Madhya Pradesh to Gujarat.The vigilance squad officials said, Parmar's involvement in drug trafficking came to light after the arrest of Mahesh Patel, an agro product agent and owner of Dalal Traders in Nadiad in March. A cache of 2,567 kg of opium poppies was found on him. Mahesh along with his driver Pravin Solanki and two workers - Pravin Thakkar and Vijay Soni were arrested in the incident.\"Patel used to get poppies legally for medicinal use and supply it to various pharmaceutical companies. However, when we tallied the stock mentioned in the logs and actual stock in the storage, the difference was 2,567 kg. During investigation, we found that permission for obtaining the poppies is sought from the state prohibition and excise department. We then deducted that as a possible contraband, it can only come in the state with support of some insider,\" said a vigilance squad official.An investigating team led by inspector G V Padheriya found that Parmar, who was then prohibition inspector in Nadiad, had felicitated the procurement. As a norm, the vehicles carrying the sensitive goods were being escorted by the police vehicles. Taking advantage of the situation, Patel had made an arrangement with Parmar to get escort for the stock from Madhya Pradesh border. Due to police protection, the driver was not questioned.\"After his name surfaced, Parmar went on an unofficial leave. During that time, he was transferred to Dahod office. He had to show his presence in September or else he would have been suspended from the duty. He had tried for anticipatory bail which was rejected. When we got a tip-off that he was to come to the office in Dahod, we kept a watch and nabbed him on Wednesday,\" said Padheriya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16288960", "title": "CBI action triggers panic among coalmine allottees", "text": "NAGPUR: The CBI action against Congress MP Vijay Darda and his associate Manoj Jayaswal has triggered panic among many other businessmen who have sold off coalmines allocated to them at windfall profits. Although CBI has not yet targeted them, sources say this group is apprehensive that sleuths may swoop on them anytime.Grapevine had it that some may be scampering to get anticipatory bail. After Tuesday's action, business circles are already abuzz with the gossip that businessmen like president of Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA) Mohan Agrawal and his business associate Govind Daga, another prominent businessman from the region, were the real beneficiaries of a flawed policy of the ministry of coal. Companies floated by them were allotted coal blocks for captive use during NDA regime.TOI had reported in February as to how Daga, Agrawal and their other partner Nandkishore Sarda - aanother city businessman- got windfall gains as they sold their entire stake in the company in whose name a coal block was allotted in Chandrapur district, for Rs200 crore. Market sources, however, hint the deal maybe close to Rs400 crore. All they spent for getting the coal block was a few lakhs for securing the mining data, a fact that the promoters accepted.Daga, Agrawal and Sarda had promoted a company by the name B S Ispat which was allotted the coal block in Chandrapur in 2003. This year, the trio quietly offloaded their entire stake in this company to Orissa-based OCL Iron and Steel Limited for a hefty profit. This transaction ensured that the coal block was not transferred to a third party, as the company in whose name it was allotted continued to hold it even as its shareholders changed. B S Ispat is now held by OCL Iron and Steel Ltd. Ministry of Coal's records also continue to show B S Ispat as the allottee.Daga admitted having sold the stake to OCL Iron and Steel Limited. He called it a legitimate deal. \"Just because I was allotted a coal block, I need not hold on to it for my entire lifetime. I have the right to exit the business,\" he told TOI. Daga also claimed ignorance about OCL's promoters' background saying his concern was limited to the financial consideration received from the company.This is not the only transaction of this type in Vidarbha. Earlier Virangana Steel promoted by Agrawal which had three blocks its name was sold to M/s Topworth Urja and Metals. Promoters of another company, a joint venture of Grace Industries and Murli Agro, sold the stake to Sanvijay Group, a local steel company. The latter however burnt its fingers in the deal as the mine, located in Chandrapur, was subsequently de-allocated due to environmental reasons. A Warora-based company M/s Field Mining, which got a block too, transferred the stake to KSK Energy which is coming up with a power plant in Warora.Sources said some businessmen had secured coal blocks with the sole purpose of selling them in the future. Captive coal blocks are meant for self-use of coal by the industry with commercial sale not allowed. Some of these companies are known to have just dragged their feet on developing the project and scouted for a buyer. Even the initial infrastructure set up to meet requisite conditions was at the expense of the prospective buyer who was initially roped in as a partner, said a businessman connected with the allotment process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288047", "title": "Digvijaya, Uddhav in war of words over Bihari origin", "text": "MUMBAI: The questions raised by Congress leader Digvijay Singh over the roots of the Thackeray family seem to have triggered a full-blown political row.Reacting to Raj Thackeray's statements on migrants from Bihar, Singh recently said the Thackerays, too, were originally from that state. On Thursday, Shiv Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray slammed Singh for his remark while addressing a public meeting in Mumbai. \"Singh is raking up the issue to divert attention from the numerous scandals of the UPA government,\" he said.Singh said he gathered the information from a book written by Prabodhankar Thackeray, Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's father. Refuting this claim, the Sena CEO said: \"The book was not on the Thackeray family. It was a social treatise.\"Stating that Singh was \"not in a proper frame of mind\", he said it was time to examine the latter's antecedents. Uddhav alleged that Singh's forefathers had worked for the British. He also claimed that Singh had not been completely loyal to the Congress. The Sena leader referred to books while referring to Singh's antecedents.Meanwhile, senior Congress minister Naseem Khan said there were reports in the media about the Thackerays' antecedents. \"It is time they (Thackerays) look at their own backyard before spreading linguistic politics.\" He also hit out at Bihar CM Nitish Kumar over his statement that the Congress-led DF government was not reining in Raj. Khan said it was Nitish who sent his MLA to Thackeray before attending an event organized to celebrate Bihar Diwas in the city earlier this year.\"It is people like him (Nitish) who are promoting people like Raj,\" Khan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "16290404", "title": "CJM orders FIR against Thackerays", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Chief judicial magistrate (CJM), Muzaffarpur, S P Singh on Thursday ordered the Town police station through the Senior SP to lodge an FIR against the Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray and Maharashtra Navnirman Sena ( MNS) chief Raj Thackeray for their provocative statements against Biharis and fomenting regionalism and disintegration of the country, according to a complaint filed against them in court. After the first hearing of the case on Thursday, the CJM ordered the police to lodge an FIR against the Thackeray brothers.Complainant Sudheer Kumar Ojha, an advocate, had filed a petition in the court of CJM earlier this week against the Thackeray brothers charging them with treason for their deliberate attempt to injure the sentiment of Biharis and Bihar. Ojha had said that while Raj Thackeray had branded Biharis as \"infiltrators\" on August 31, Uddhav Thackeray had on September 5 felt the necessity of allowing Biharis to enter Mumbai only on permits. All this, Ojha had complained, amounted hatred towards Biharis. Such types of sentiments were aimed at tarnishing the image of a developing Bihar and, in turn, harmed national integration. He argued that the law of the land does not favour such extreme regionalism as shown by Thackeray brothers for their petty political gains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16294119", "title": "KHRA seeks relook into Vizhinjam study", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala hotel and restaurant association (KHRA) has written to the ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) seeking a relook at the methodology used by Asian Consulting Engineers Pvt Ltd (ACE) while collating data for their environmental and social impact assessment (ESIA) study of the proposed international container transshipment terminal at Vizhinjam.While ACE is yet to finalize its ESIA report, those in the tourism trade have questioned the accuracy of the data collated by L&T; Rambol, which the KHRA claims to have served as the basis of the ESIA study.The KHRA in a letter written by Thiruvananthapuram unit president G Sudhiesh Kumar addressing the expert appraisal committee on CRZ (MoEF) chairman Naraesh Dayal and MoEF director Lalit Kapur said, \"The report says only three resorts will be affected in the project location, while there are 31. L&T; Rambol, who is the main EIA consultant for Vizhinjam international seaport limited (VISL), has not even once consulted a single member of the tourism sector.\"A few members of the KHRA who had assisted the ACE team in their interview process have complained that no one in the ACE team could speak the local language, which might have compromised the quality of the interview process. Meanwhile ACE chairman Suparna Mallick said, \"We cannot address each and everyone's problem. My team was there for three months. Why did they not speak up then? This is a draft report. Once the report is presented to the public, the stakeholders will be given a chance to debate our findings,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16290024", "title": "Frenchman held for drug trafficking", "text": "NEW DELHI: A foreign national was arrested with 8 kg fine quality Ketamine (a party drug) worth Rs 80 lakh on Thursday. Bregand Oliver (31) belongs to Chabrillan, France.Police received information on Wednesday that a foreign national, staying somewhere in Paharganj, smuggles large quantities of Ketamine out of Delhi to other countries through courier and he would be coming to a courier agency in Nabi Karim area on Thursday afternoon. A trap was laid and Oliver was nabbed around 2.30pm.Earlier in February 2011, the government had listed Ketamine as a psychotropic drug under the NDPS Act following several instances of it being used as a party drug.Oliver told the police that his parents sell chicken in a local market in France. After completing his graduation in agricultural studies, he joined his family business. He first came to India in June 2010 on a tourist visa and stayed here for two months. He came again as a tourist in 2011 and visited Goa where he came in contact with drug addicts and started consuming Ketamine.Oliver came to Delhi and met an Indian drug trafficker - Nagender. He started supplying Ketamine to foreigners. Thereafter, Oliver returned to France and planned to make money by exporting Ketamine from India to other countries. This time, he came to India on a multiple-entry visa in July 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16289939", "title": "Marathi actor held during parlour raid", "text": "PANAJI: Marathi actor Satchit Patil of Dadar, Mumbai, was arrested on Thursday under the Immoral Trafficking (Prevention) Act, 1956.Patil and another customer, Chalapathirao Dimmiti from Andhra Pradesh , were at Lots exclusive beauty saloon for men and women at Porvorim, when police raided the place. NGO representatives were present during the raid.Police rescued five girls from the saloon who were engaged in prostitution and also arrested saloon owner Harikant Mishra of Verem.From P1The saloon manager Narmada alias Namrata Rai of Darjeeling, West Bengal , sweeper Jitendra Diwedi of Madhya Pradesh and security guard Arvind Kumar of Haryana were also arrested by the police.Police have registered a case under Sections 3 (punishment for keeping a brothel), 4 (punishment for living on prostitution earnings), 5 (procuring persons for prostitution) and 7 (prostitution in or in vicinity of public places) of the Immoral Trafficking (Prevention) Act 1956.On Wednesday, Patil had attended the premiere show of the Marathi film \"No Entry Pude Dhoka Aahe\" at Panaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288849", "title": "Versova youth\u2019s exhumation gets health department nod", "text": "MUMBAI: The health department has given the go-ahead to exhume the body of Versova resident Rameez Chougle (27), who along with his sister died under mysterious circumstances. This comes a day after the body of a three-day-old boy was exhumed following an allegation of medical negligence and subsequent police complaint by the parents.On Thursday, a team of doctors from the JJ Hospital's forensic medicine department conducted post-mortem on the exhumed body of the baby boy, who allegedly succumbed to pneumonia three days after birth. The boy's father, Dhananjay Singh (31), alleged that in the wee hours of August 16, the child developed breathing problems and was running fever. But, the nurses on duty showed no urgency and told the family to wait till 9am when the senior doctors arrived.\"A senior pediatrician checked the baby the following morning and recommended that he be kept in the warmer. The baby's condition did not improve and it further deteriorated,\" said Dhananjay. He alleged that doctors at the Worli's Bombay Mothers and Childrens Welfare Society Trust Hospital, where the baby was born, could not diagnose his condition till it was too late. He alleged that he rushed the child to another hospital in Gamdevi where the boy succumbed in three hours.Worli police senior inspector Dipak Pawar said, \"The doctors at the hospital claim that they are being dragged in the case for nothing. The child's parents claim that they lost their child due to the doctors' careless attitude\". Pawar said that initially the child's parents collected the death certificate and performed the final rites. After completing all the formalities, they said they want to perform post-mortem examination. \"We waited for the tehsildar's permission before exhuming the body. We have registered an accidental death report. Action will be taken based on the medical examination report by the panel at the JJ Hospital,\" he said.The panel, however, said the baby's body was decomposed and the cause of death could not be ascertained. Viscera samples and tissues have been sent to the forensic laboratory for chemical analysis.Meanwhile, in the Versova case, the police has already got the collector's permission for exhumation. Rameez and his sister Rehab died allegedly of pesticide poisoning. The police had registered culpable homicide not amounting to murder case for an investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16292433", "title": "Say yes to healthy, cause junky is deadly", "text": "BHOPAL: Thousands of college students in the city are directly being exposed to the intake of junk food in the abscence of strict guidelines. Experts say, flourishing canteens and outside eateries,selling junk food within and outside college campuses destroying the health of our youth.Colleges do not have strict guidelines on junk food, like schools have. \"Most of the students in colleges are not locals. They should be provided better alternatives than the regular junk food,\" said Dr Sanjay Kumar a gastroenterologist.\"Once in college many students do not carry tiffin boxes. They make it a habit of eating junk food, which in the long run can be a cause of various health problems,\" said dietician Amita Singh.An engineering student Sumit Sharma (name changed) was barely 55 kg when he joined college. Within two years,while staying away from home he gained 25 kgs. With no one having diabetes or obesity in the family, Sumit's parents suspected he had become alcoholic. After a few tests were conducted, he was diagnosed with early signs of diabetes.\"It's the trans fat that causes obesity, which can lead to and diabetes,\" said Singh suggesting that like Sumit there are many students faced with similar health problems.Unlimited access to junk food and carbonated drinks also contributes to hypertension. A competitive lifestyle and peer pressure ,hypertension is fast becoming a cause of concern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16296092", "title": "Diganth and Bhama to share screen in Burphy", "text": "Dinganth and Bhama are teamed up in the film 'Burphy' directed by Rajashekhar who had earlier made films like 'Amruthavani' and 'Parole'. The film started off with a big pooja and muhurath on at Doddaganapathy Temple in Basavanagudi. KM Shankar is the producer of the film.Giving the details about the film in a press meet, Rajashekhar said that he had worked for the script with a team of writers including the screenplay and dialogue writer B.A.Madhu and had made six revisions.\"The script is the strongest link and we have made appropriate selections of the artists. Diganth plays the role of a software engineer in the film. The film has romantic elements, but it is based on matured love. Even Bhama has a very good character. We shot for nearly fifteen days in Punjab. There is a terrorism angle in the story which we would not like to reveal much about now. But one thing is sure. This film will provide some thrills and some exciting things to look forward to ,\" said Shekhar.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16289900", "title": "Robbers strike at bank, loot Rs 1 lakh", "text": "KOLKATA: A gang of seven armed miscreants struck at a private financial company's Baranagar branch in the broad daylight on Thursday and decamped with over Rs 1 lakh and some gold ornaments. The miscreants also made a robbery attempt at the institution's Sinthee branch, hardly 2 kilometres from the spot. However, alert officials managed to foil the bid. to loot at Baranagar in north Kolkata on Thursday morning. Hours after the robbery at Baranagar, three miscreants attempted to rob another branch of the same financial institute at Sinthee area, hardly two kms from the previous spot. But alert bank officials managed to foil the bid and the miscreants fled.Police claimed that the gang had left some vital clues and based on those, they will be able to identify them soon. Police suspect that the same group was involved behind the crime at both the branches of the financial institution.Around 11.25am on Thursday, a youth knocked on the glass door at the Baranagar branch of the company, which gives loan against gold. The office is located just opposite the Indian Statistical Institute (ISI) on the BT Road.The security guard was inside the office, located on the BT Road, and he allowed him entry. The youth entered the office, took out a gun and held the security guard at the gunpoint. Soon, six more armed men barged into the office.They soon took position and aimed their weapons at the officials and customers. Though some customers started screaming, they failed to put up any resistance. Sources said the goons were speaking in Bengali and one of them get hold of a customer Sampa Sarkar, who was about to leave the office with Rs 40,000. They snatched the entire amount from her and shoved Sarkar's sister-in-law who tried to resist the robbers.Then they broke open the cash counter and looted Rs 1 lakh and 110 grams of gold ornaments. Before leaving, they also damaged all four CCTV cameras installed inside the office. Later, Baranagar Police was informed and Sanjay Singh, CP, Barrackpore City police, rushed to the spot along with other senior officers. They spoke to the officials and customers present in the spot and asked the manager to alert other branches nearby.Hours after, around 3.30 pm, a youth entered the Sinthee branch of the same financial company, with two more following him. As soon as the first man entered, the barged into the office pushing the guard.After entering the office, they pushed the guard and pulled out their guns. But the manager and other officials of the branch were alert following the strike at the company's Baranagar branch in the morning. due to the morning robbery.The managed to switch on the security alarm, which confused the miscreants. They fled soon after. Kolkata Police's detective department officials rushed to the spot after being informed by the bank officials. According to them, they are jointly conducting a probe with the Barrackpore city police. \"We have got some CCTV footages and are trying to track down the miscreants,\" said P K Ghosh, joint CP, crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289474", "title": "Panel to study waterlogging woes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Acting on the Delhi high court's order, the government has set up a committee under the urban development secretary to look into waterlogging complaints. The committee, which will also have the commissioners of the three corporations as its members, will compile a report to be submitted before the court, said urban development minister Arvinder Singh Lovely in the Delhi assembly on Thursday.The statement came in response to the repeated complaints made by several Congress MLAs on waterlogging, waterborne diseases and traffic jams during the monsoon session.\"I can not deny that traffic jams, waterlogging and all other problems did not happen during this monsoon session due to heavy rain. On August 31, we convened a meeting with the civic bodies like PWD and the corporations to prepare a roadmap on the issue,\" he said.On August 28, the high court had asked the Delhi government to form a committee of senior officers from various authorities to evolve a mechanism to desilt drains and prevent waterlogging during the rain.Lovely said a direction had already been issued to the three commissioners to resolve the issue at the earliest. \"They have told us that water pumps have been installed at various places. We have also told them to clean drains throughout the year and not only during the rain,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16290537", "title": "Chandigarh teacher gets \u2018most exams cleared\u2019 record", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A Tricity-based teacher has achieved a rare feat this Teachers' Day by entering Asia Book of Records for \"most competitive exams appeared/cleared\". For Sandeep Tripathi, a lecturer at DAV School in Sector 15, Chandigarh, who lives in Panchkula, this comes after his two national records in 2010 and 2012 earlier this year. The official announcement came through Anupama Sharma, head of records management team at the Asia Book of Records, via e-mail. Although the prestigious certificates will be dispatched soon, the news came as a special compliment on the Teachers' Day. In a populous country like India, where the competition is cut-throat, it is not easy to qualify even one. But this teacher has made it a child's play, by qualifying 17 all-India competitions, that too in nearly all fields. He started accomplishing his dream by a modest beginning with the NDA, the T S Chanakya Marine Engineering, and so on. Some of the accomplishments include his selection in written examinations like DSP (ministry of Home Affairs, New Delhi), the HCS Exam 2004 and several others. After this win he now holds five records - two state records, two national records and one international record. \"It takes tremendous energy, hardships to overcome and of course some good luck in the form of good wishes from friends, family and close ones that has helped me achieve this honour,\" said Sandeep. \"I owe it to my worthy teachers, family and friends and of course to God's blessings\". \"In the workplace also, I had tremendous boost of inspirational energy from my principal, Dr Rakesh Sachdeva,\" he added. However, his win does not stop here. \"I want a Nobel Prize in physics for India and I know I will do it,\" he said. The record-holder has varied interests from reading and analyzing ancient Indian texts like Vedas, Upnishads, and the Ramayana to flying kites and scribbling wild scientific imaginations on paper. He draws, though not so well, but only scenes from lines of Ramcharitmanas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16292533", "title": "Brahmins slam reservation Bill", "text": "BERHAMPUR: An organization of Brahmins in Odisha has opposed the constitutional amendment Bill on reservation for Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribes in promotion in government jobs.The Bill was introduced in Rajya Sabha on Wednesday. \"Efficient, talented and sincere employees from the upper caste will be demoralized with the reservation for the SC and ST government employees. Caste should not be made a criteria for promotion,\" said the president of Odisha Rajya Bramhana Mahasabha Simanchal Mahapatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16292599", "title": "Traffic snarls bring city to a standstill", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Commuters in the city had a tough time as traffic went for a toss due to the Congress rally held on Mahatma Gandhi Marg, connecting Master Canteen to PMG Square. Major roads, lanes and bylanes were completely choked with vehicles bringing their movement to a standstill. As a result, there was complete disorder on Janpath, Rajmahal Square, AG Square and Master Canteen for hours.Though police had chalked out plans to divert vehicles on those routes and park it far from the rally venue, all plans fell flat. Defying restrictions, scores of vehicles transporting Congress supporters from across the state entered the city and went close to MGM. Office-goers, school students, ambulance and fire brigade vehicles were stuck in the traffic. The visually-impaired people living near Big Bazaar were the worst sufferers as the chaotic traffic forced them to stay indorrs till evening.Vehicles were mindlessly parked in residential colonies near MGM. \"It took me one hour from Rupali Square to Kendriya Vidyalaya-I, which is hardly 300 meters away. My daughter reached school late because of the rally and poor traffic management,\" said Himanshu Nayak, a resident.Sources said a few schools around MGM were forced to close down their institutions in view of heavy traffic jam. Apprehending traffic congestion, vehicles of the fire station at Kalpana were earlier shifted elsewhere for smooth movement inside the city.Around 30 platoon of police forces were deployed in the city to control law and order and regulate traffic. \"Traffic jam in such huge rallies is all but natural. We took adequate steps to divert vehicles to designated parking lots. But at some locations, the vehicles did not obey our rules and forcibly went into restricted zones,\" said a senior traffic officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16289587", "title": "No need to quit after FIR: Sibal on Darda", "text": "Union minister Kapil Sibal on Thursday said an FIR was only the starting point for an inquiry and need not force a minister to resign. He was answering queries about Maharashtra minister Rajendra Darda who has been booked by the CBI along with other family members in a coal block allocation case.Talking to reporters, he said, \"What is an FIR... It is the originating point, the beginning of an investigation. FIR is not prima facie (evidence of some case). The chargesheet is prima facie... Is this the law in our country that you resign if anybody files an FIR?\" Sibal, however, said he would quit if somebody filed an FIR against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16289360", "title": "Dakshin Express passengers left high and dry", "text": "NAGPUR: A large number of passengers of Hyderabad-bound Dakshin Express were in for a shock on Thursday when they found that the coaches in which they were allotted confirmed berths were missing.According to Dr Sumant Deulkar, senior divisional commercial manager (SrDCM) of Central Railway, due to rains the train traffic got disrupted such that the Hyderabad-Nizamuddin Dakshin Express which passed via Nagpur on Tuesday had five coaches less.These coaches, comprising three sleeper class and two air-conditioned ones, are attached in Kazipeth but due to heavy rains the coaches were not attached. So while returning from Nizamuddin, the 22-coach train had five coaches less.When the train arrived, many passengers were seen searching for S-8, S-9 and S-10 and two AC coaches. Many of them had booked tickets well in advance.\"We tried to accommodate some passengers in other coaches while several others were given full refund. We will refund the ticket money even tomorrow as fault is ours,\" said Dr Deulkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293421", "title": "Sonam slaps Dhanush", "text": "Now don't get worked up.This was only for a scene in Dhanush's Bollywood debut Raanjhnaa , in which he plays the lead opposite Sonam Kapoor . Dhanush and Sonam play school students in the film and the scene required Sonam to slap Dhanush in public.Incidentally, the shot got Okayed in the first take as both the actors were at their expressive best.Raanjhna is directed by Aanand Rai, who directed the Madhavan-Kangna starrer Tanu Weds Manu. The film is a romantic tale set in Benaras.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289643", "title": "Plan panel suggests 200% rise in outlay for health ministry", "text": "New Delhi: Good health will be the toast for the UPA's 12th five year plan (2012-17) with the Planning Commission proposing more than a 200% increase in fund allocation for the ministry of health and family welfare.Even though the final decision on how much each sector will get for the 12th Plan will be taken at an all-important meeting to be chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on September 15, sources in the Commission told TOI that the allocation for the ministry of health is expected to be around Rs 280,551 crore \u2014 232.65% higher than 11th plan outlay of Rs 84,339 crore.The focus will be on developing India's traditional medicines as the department of Ayush ( ayurveda , unani, siddha and homeopathy ) expected to get Rs 6,044 crore which is 99.33% higher than the Rs 3,032 crore allocation for the 11th Plan.Health research is another priority area for the government.The funding for department of health research is expected to see an increase of 112.74%. The allocation will be hiked to Rs 4,029 crore as against Rs 1,894 crore allocated in the 11th Plan.The government had earlier promised to step up spending on health to 2.5% of GDP in the 12th Plan.Singh has been keen to widen healthcare coverage and ensure better medical facilities.At the beginning of the 12th Plan this year, the health ministry was left de-motivated when its allocation for 2012-13 saw a jump by a paltry 13%.The health ministry had hoped to receive around Rs 40,000 crore during 2012-13, given the government's ambition to universalize healthcare, improve and expand the primary health centre network and provide free medicines in public hospitals.Ministry officials had told TOI that \"as against India's Rs 90,000 crore health budget for the 11th Plan, we expect Rs 3 lakh crore in the 12th Plan.\"The Plan panel's high-level expert group on universal health coverage had first proposed increasing the health budget to 2.5% of GDP by 2017 and to at least 3% of GDP by 2022.It predicted \"increased public expenditures, in our estimate, will lead to a sharp decline in the proportion of private out-of-pocket spending on health \u2014 from around 67% today to around 33% by 2022.\"India devoted among the lowest proportion of total public spending to health \u2014 at or below 4.4% of total government spending between 1999 and 2009 \u2014 according to WHO.Only nine countries (out of 191) devoted a smaller share of government spending to health than India.India's public spending on health as a proportion of the GDP is among the lowest in the world. The corresponding percentage is 1.8 in Sri Lanka, China (2.3) and Thailand (3.3). In 2009, private expenditure in India accounted for 67% of the total expenditure on health.Outpatient treatment accounts for 74% of private out-of-pocket expenditures. Medicines account for 72% of the total private out-of-pocket expenditures.The expert group said, \"Increasing public health spending to our recommendations will result in a five-fold increase in real per capita health expenditures by the government (from Rs 670 in 2011-12 to Rs 3,432 by 2021-22).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16294141", "title": "State govt doctors begin non-cooperation strike", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The doctors in the state health service launched their indefinite non-cooperation strike on Thursday by boycotting the medical officers' conferences in all districts.Though the government had warned doctors of dire consequences if they boycotted the meetings, they ignored the warning. The government has imposed d i e s - n o n against striking doctors. The Kerala Government Medical Officers Association (KGMOA) has warned that there would not be any going back on the strike call as the government had resorted to unjustifiable transfer of five doctors in the Satnam Singh murder case.The association leaders said in a press statement that the report submitted by the vigilance head of the health service was not acceptable to them and that the government should hence review it. They have also demanded that the government order a fresh probe into the incident.The association has also criticized the government for declaring the non-cooperation strike unlawful. \"We have not made any attempt to stay away from treating patients or shirk hospital duty. How can the government then call our strike unlawful,\" asked Dr O Vasudevan and Dr M Muraleedharan, KGMOA state president and secretary, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16290097", "title": "On poll eve, panel code whispers echo on campus", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The day before the final battle saw members of in-the-ring student outfits slogging their guts out.Split in groups of two to three persons, various party workers hit the campus to make last-ditch efforts. From classrooms to canteens and students' centre, they visited every nook and corner of the university to woo students. And there was one activity that every leader followed diligently - making students memorize their party's panel poll code.They wrote poll code of their candidates on blackboards and distributed chits mentioning it. To ensure that students exercised their voting right, they were also seen urging them to vote.The supporters also had a word of advice for them: \"carry your identity cards to departments and refrain from taking along cell-phones, as these are prohibited in a polling room\".As student leaders geared up for the D-day, the police too ensured all arrangements were in place. \"Anticipating unrest following announcement of results on Friday, the security has been beefed up. A good number of women cops in civvies too will keep an eye on anti-social elements,\" said police officials.\"There will be a tight vigil. Miscreants will be watched closely. The situation is expected to be fine once the votes have been cast. But it might not be the same after the result declaration... we will guard the victory procession,\" saidPU chief security officer P K Dhawan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16290804", "title": "One more arrested in TNPSC question paper leak scam", "text": "COIMBATORE: Retired railway employee Anand Rao was arrested from Visakhapattanam in Andhra Pradesh on Tuesday by a special investigation team of Erode police in connection with the TNPSC question paper scam. After keeping him in Visakhapattanam jail for a day, Anand Rao was taken to Erode on Thursday. He was produced before a judicial magistrate court in Erode on Friday evening and was later remanded in juridical custody at Erode sub jail. His police custody for interrogation would begin on Friday.Anand Rao was arrested flowing statements of two people from Chennai that they got the question paper from one Rao of AP in exchange for a huge payment. Senthilkumar, who completed his PhD, and his brother Thyagarajan, a driver from Tiruvallur district, were arrested on the basis of information provided by the other accused and they confessed to having got the paper from Rao. Senthil Kumar had appeared for the written test for Group II posts armed with the leaked question paper.Though the special team had been in Andhra Pradesh for the last three weeks, Rao evaded arrest by moving frequently. He was nabbed from Visakhapattanam through tracking his mobile calls. Only after Rao's interrogation, police can trace the origin of the question paper leak. Thyagarajan claimed that he paid Rs 4 lakh to Rao for the paper in order to 'help' his brother in the TNPSC exam.Rao is the tenth person to be arrested in connection with TNPSC question paper scam, so far. Till the arrest of Balan, the alleged mastermind of the scam, police never thought the crime had any interstate links. Based on information gathered from him, police have arrested two persons from Chennai who provided clues to Rao's links in Andhra Pradesh.The exam was conducted on Aug 11 across the state. At an exam centre in Erode, candidates noticed a woman going through hand-written questions and answers prior to the exam. Suspecting that the paper may have been leaked, they informed invigilators. When she was taken in for interrogation, she told police that her husband, a bus conductor, had given her the question paper. She was unaware as to how he was able to get it.According to police sources, the investigation could lead to a racket functioning in other states too. Normally, question papers were printed outside the state, to ensure that the printers are not familiar with Tamil, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16289368", "title": "State pushes for more funds for relocation at NBWL meet", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra government has pushed for more funds for relocation of villages from the protected areas (PAs) in the state at the National Board for Wild Life (NBWL) meeting chaired by prime minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday.Swadheen Kshatriya, additional chief secretary for revenue, who also holds additional charge of forest secretary, represented the state at the meeting, which was attended by 15 NGOs and 10 states among other members. Principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife) SWH Naqvi, who too was invited and was in Delhi, could not make it owing to security reasons.According to sources, Kshatriya was among the other states to demand more funds for relocation of villages. The state demanded Rs125 crore annually for relocation. The officials believe if this amount is released in a sustained manner for five years, villages voluntarily wanting to move out of PAs can be relocated, ofcourse after fulfilling conditions under the Forest Rights Act (FRA).Kshatriya also wanted the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) to release funds for PAs under the centrally sponsored scheme (CSS) in April-May for better management. The funds are released in August-October, till then there is no money to pay wages to forest workers.In an another development, Kishor Rithe, president of Satpuda Foundation and NBWL member, raised the burning issue of linear intrusions like irrigation canal network, power transmission lines, highways and railway lines creating obstacles in smooth movement of tigers and wildlife in the corridors across Central India.\"As a result, large number of wild animals get killed in accidents due to these projects. Obstruction to wildlife movement by these projects, leads to crop depredation by wild animals, loss of humans and cattle due to attacks from carnivores,\" Rithe briefed during the meeting.Rithe said while achieving development, agencies concerned need to give serious consideration to implement mitigation measures while planning any development and infrastructure project.The prime minister agreed on the issues raised by Rithe and asked minister of environment and forests Jayanthi Natarajan to write to all the states on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289528", "title": "Ramdev can seek redress if he has any grievances: CBDT chief", "text": "New Delhi: Defending income tax department's ongoing scrutiny of transactions of Baba Ramdev's charitable trusts, Central Board of Direct Taxes chairperson Poonam Kishore Saxena on Thursday said if the yoga guru had any grievances, he should approach the department's grievance redressal mechanism.\"If any assessee has any grievance against the department, the assessee can approach the grievance redressal authority. I would suggest anybody should take a recourse to that,\" Saxena said when asked about Ramdev's allegation that the government was targeting him by unleashing the I-T department on him for his anti-corruption agitation.\"Our officers are 100% sensitized to be tax facilitator and not act merely as tax collector,\" she said, elaborating that the department maintained complete transparency in picking up a case for scrutiny. It was a fully computer generated system, and cases for scrutiny were selected not by assessee's name or identity, the chairperson said.She said CBDT was working on devising accounting standards for the real estate sector to bring in transparency in transactions in property deals. Earlier, CBDT had set up a committee on accounting standards system for the real estate sector. The panel submitted its report on August 14 but no final view has been taken on the report which is still under examination, she added.On the issue of sending notices to Vodafone, she refused to comment if the I-T department has taken any decision on the issue. \"It is for the assessing officer concerned to take a decision on the merit of the case after taking into account developments such as the Supreme Court judgment, the retrospective amendment made in the I-T Act and the attorney general's opinion,\" she added.Saxena, however, said the department was very sure of meeting its budget target of Rs 5.70 lakh crore for 2012-13. She said very soon, all pending refunds would be cleared as the department was working on regularizing these refunds as and when they were generated. She said by September 3, all arrears were expected to be cleared.The CBDT chairperson said the department was facing challenges of shortage of manpower as it was functioning with much below the sanctioned strength. \"Since restructuring in 2001, manpower has gone down and several new departments have been created such as the International Taxation and the Directorate of Criminal Investigation to keep tab on transfer pricing issues and black money,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16290184", "title": "SC reserves order on CBI's plea to cancel Amit Shah's bail", "text": "New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Thursday reserved orders on the CBI's plea for cancellation of former Gujarat minister Amit Shah's bail in the Sohrabuddin fake encounter case in the wake of a fresh charge-sheet against him in the Tulsiram Prajapati killing case.While indicating that bail cancellation might not be necessary since it was contemplating shifting trial outside Gujarat, a bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai asked the CBI to complete its investigation into the larger conspiracy the agency had unearthed while probing the two fake encounter cases.Shah was granted bail by the apex court on October 30, 2010 but was asked not to enter his home state after the CBI expressed apprehension that a powerful politician like him would tamper with evidence and witnesses. Shah had expressed a desire to go to the state in view of the coming assembly elections.Before reserving its verdict on an appeal filed by CBI, the bench asked senior advocate Ram Jethmalani, \"Can your client offer anything tangible to ensure he will not influence witnesses?\" Jethmalani said Shah had no objection to the trial being shifted outside the state and he would abide by any condition imposed by the court while allowing him to enter Gujarat.The court's query came after senior advocate Vivek Tankha sought six weeks time to complete investigations into the larger conspiracy in which Sohrabuddin, his wife Kauserbi and an associate Tulsiram Prajapati were allegedly killed by police officers. The CBI is investigating whether more police officers from Rajasthan and Andhra Pradesh were involved in the conspiracy.Tankha listed 15 grounds for cancellation of Shah's bail, which included the charge that he was involved in influencing the state machinery and rewarding police officers, who are now accused in the case, with plum postings for taking his instructions in derailing the investigations into the fake encounters.The CBI argued that Shah wielded influence on account of being the former deputy home minister and thus his case must be treated with greater judicial circumspection. With the trial in Prajapati case pending, bail to Shah would allow other accused to seek similar relief which could have an adverse effect on the trial proceedings, Tankha arguedBut Jethmalani sought to know from the CBI whether Shah breached any of the bail conditions. He said Shah could be put under CBI surveillance and assured that his client would cooperate in the trial even if it was shifted outside the state.But the Gujarat government objected to the shifting of the trial on the ground that such a demand was made by CBI to strengthen its claim that there was a communally surcharged atmosphere within the state.The bench did not take into account this plea advanced by additional advocate general Tushar Mehta and accused the state for adopting an adversarial attitude. It said, \"What disturbs us most is how the state adopts an adversarial attitude, at times which tends to convert into a hostile attitude... this is a case where three murders took place in cold blood. The state must be alive to the concern of getting to the bottom of this case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16293681", "title": "Revised state action plan on climate change ready", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The revised draft of the 'State Action Plan on Climate Change' has been completed by the Department of Environment and Climate Change.The draft of the action plan, for which the Union government has sanctioned Rs 2,160 crore, will be forwarded to the Centre after it's approved by a steering committee headed by state chief secretary K Jayakumar and the cabinet.\"The estimated Rs 2,160 crore may not be sufficient for the state to implement the action plan,\" said P Sreekantan Nair, the director of the environment department.In the draft, Rs 90 crore has been earmarked for forest and biodiversity, including Rs 30 crore for the protection of eco-systems, afforestation and agro-forestry; Rs 10 crore for ground water recharging, forest fire control and social advancement of communities dependant on forests; and Rs 50 crore for the documentation and monitoring of forests and integrating ecosystem services.Other proposals include Rs 350 crore for sustainable fisheries; Rs 100 crore for farm diversification, flood control and drought management; Rs 80 crore for sustainable agricultural practices and Rs 70 crore for agro-food processing and cold storage.\"More recommendations will be added to this plan through public consultations to be held in Thrissur and Wayanad. We have also planned further talks with MLAs and MPs and with officials of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) to make the plan more comprehensive so that the government could implement it earnestly,\" said environment department additional secretary G Rajeev.Earlier, while inaugurating a public consultation workshop for the action plan on climate change here on Thursday, chief minister Oommen Chandy said the government would not accept any project that goes against its environmental policy at the upcoming Emerging Kerala meet at Kochi.\"The controversy over projects listed in the website on Emerging Kerala is unwarranted, no project will be taken up without obtaining necessary clearances, including environmental clearance. Land acquisition for projects will also be minimised,\" he said.Environment department principal secretary James Varghese said the government expects to implement the action plan through coordinating various departments, including departments of agriculture, local self-government, forest, fisheries, water resources, irrigation, tourism, animal husbandry, power and environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16293195", "title": "Indian Paralympics team felicitated by High Commissioner", "text": "LONDON: The 33-member Indian team which participated in the ongoing Paralympic Games was felicitated by the country's High Commissioner to the UK -- Dr Jaimini Bhagwati -- at the India House.In his brief address, Dr Bhagwati told the team, \"as far as we are concerned, this is as important as the other part of the Olympics.\"The cynosure of all eyes at the reception was Girisha Hosanagara Nagaraje Gowda, who won the only medal for India -- a silver in the Men's High Jump F42 event.The 24-year old from Karnataka, who has an impairment in his left leg and sailed over a height of 1.74m using scissors technique in the final of the event said, \"next time I will win gold.\"Ratan Singh, Chef de Mission said \"I am extremely happy with India winning at least a silver. We were expecting four medals. We missed narrowly two medals in Powerlifting and Long Jump.\"Asked about the controversy over the absence of escorts and coaches initially, he said \"We had only 10 athletes and we had a quota for six and I allotted two officials, two escorts and two coaches.\"The athletes wanted personal coaches. Subsequently after a word with the Sports Authority of India, I sent two officials and got two more escorts in.\"\"Overall, I am pretty satisfied and the Organising Committee has done an excellent job,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16290566", "title": "Law student held for molestation", "text": "PUNE: The Deccan Gymkhana police on Thursday arrested law student Manu Bhimsingh Jain (23) for allegedly outraging the modesty of another student on Wednesday evening.Jain and the victim are students of the same college, said senior inspector Manohar Joshi , in charge of the Deccan Gymkhana police station.According to Joshi, the girl registered a complaint against Jain for molesting her and also for thrashing her on Wednesday morning. Jain went to her residence near the college on Wednesday and made a phone call, asking her to come out. The girl took sometime to come out of the house, following which Jain thrashed her, Joshi added.Jain, who is the son of an army officer, was arrested under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16290034", "title": "Samajwadi Party hopeful of winning all four Delhi University Students Union posts", "text": "LUCKNOW: The student wing of the Samajwadi Party will contest all the posts of Delhi University Students Union (DUSU), the elections for which will be held on September 14. Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, who is also the party's state president and in charge of the wing, held a meeting with national president of the Samajwadi Chattra Sabha (SCS) Sunil Sajan on Wednesday to take stock of the preparations for the prestigious students union poll.The SCS's list of candidates include Dharmendra Yadav, Avinash Chaudhary, Ashish Tiygai and Vibhu Tiygai for the posts of president, vice-president, general secretary and joint secretary respectively. The party also hopes to win on all the four seats.The Lyngdoh panel report bars political parties from interfering in campus politics but student outfits of political parties contest elections. In 2009, SCS had fielded Anupriya Tyagi for the post of joint secretary in DUSU poll. Tyagi not only bagged the seat, but also secured maximum 9,007 votes. The same year, Manoj Chaudhary, an Independent, was elected as DUSU president after 14-year domination of the National Students' Union of India (NSUI) affiliated to Congress and the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), BJP's student wing.Political observers here feel that the SP, which is going to contest all the four DUSU seats for the first time, has practically no support base on the DU campus. However, the SP would be in a win-win situation: in case it bags a seat or two, it will help the party make its presence felt outside UP before the 2014 general elections.\"The idea of the third front, conceived by party president Mulayam Singh Yadav , is based on providing an alternative to the BJP and Congress-led coalitions at the national level. We are contesting DUSU polls with the same approach,\" said Sajan. \"After the victory of Manoj Chaudhary in 2009, things have changed both for the NSUI and ABVP. Since then, both the parties have not been able to make a clean sweep in DUSU.In the last (2011) DUSU polls, while the NSUI bagged the president's seat, ABVP bagged the remaining three posts. This shows that the students now stand divided,\" said Sajan unwilling to buy the claim that Manoj won because of ABVP support after its own candidate was disqualified on technical grounds.\"While the BJP is too divided to promise a better tomorrow, Congress is sure to face the impact of Anna movement and corruption-related issues. This will give an edge to SCS,\" said a senior SP leader.The SCS plans to attract students by showcasing Akhilesh Yadav as a young and dynamic leader. \"We don't have to convince the students about the importance of youth in our organization, they already know it,\" said Sajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16289857", "title": "MoEF team continues dump inspections", "text": "PANAJI: More south Goa mines were inspected on Thursday by officials of the Bangalore regional and zonal offices of the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) and the central pollution control board (CPCB).Mining dumps in Dharbandora, Quepem and Sanguem areas were inspected by the MoEF and CPCB teams. Sources said the teams are likely to visit Selaulim dam area on Friday. Some 50 sites are being inspected to ascertain whether ore from dumps is being exported.Sources said the teams expect to complete the inspection by Friday, when Bangalore chief conservator of forests will arrive in Goa. They will submit their findings to MoEF next week.Reacting to the MoEF team's presence in Goa, chief minister Manohar Parrikar alleged that this is a money making exercise of Union ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bhiwani", "code": "16291392", "title": "Brutal wounds killed Sangeeta: Postmortem report", "text": "Bhiwani: Postmortem done on Sangeeta's body, the 10-year-old who had mysteriously died on Sunday, has revealed brutal injuries inflicted on her allegedly by her father Prahalad Sharma and elder sister Kali , 20, residents of Umravat village in Bhiwani. The accused are being interrogated.Cops said there were around 14 injury marks indicating that Sangeeta was beaten up with sticks and three burn marks were found. Bhiwani DSP Virender Singh said on Thursday: \"The father was arrested on Wednesday night and his elder daughter on Thursday. They are being questioned but the motive behind the incident is not yet clear.\"Sangeeta had been reportedly staying at her relatives' place in Rajasthan for some years but came back to her father and sister around 20 days ago. Villagers said she was often thrashed and starved for days. She became too weak and died of her wounds, said a villager. The accused had allegedly cremated the body without informing anybody, and some villagers had informed police of Sangeeta's mysterious death.The body was sent to PGIMS Rothak for postmortem. The DSP said, \"A case of murder was registered under Section 302 on Wednesday. The man was a drunkard and was annoyed with the girl.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289966", "title": "No quota candidate can get admission without clearing CET: SC", "text": "New Delhi: Even as politicians are busy clamouring for quota in promotion, the Supreme Court has introduced merit quotient within government quota for medical seats.On Teacher's Day, the court put a stop to the old practice of government nominees walking away with MBBS seats in Lady Hardinge Medical College, Maulana Azad Medical College and University College of Medical Sciences while thousands went through gruelling competition under the Delhi University Medical and Dental Entrance Test (DUMET).A bench of Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar ruled that government nominees, drawn from children of central government employees, could get admission into the three medical colleges only after clearing the common entrance test with minimum required percentage. Last year, 36 seats were reserved for such nominees in these colleges.Justice Patnaik said, \"We direct that with effect from academic year 2012-13, no admission will be made to any of the seats reserved for government nominees in LHMC, MAMC and UCMS of any student who has failed DUMET.\"We direct that for the academic year 2013-2014 onwards, the candidate applying for seats reserved for government nominees have to obtain the minimum marks in the All India National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test for admission to MBBS course as provided in the amended MCI regulations and the admissions will be made on merit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16289525", "title": "'24x7 water supply in parts of Old City'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Water woes of citizens of the Chandrayangutta assembly constituency may come to an end soon as two storage reservoirs - 12 million litres (ML) capacity at Riyasathanagar and five ML capacity at Barkas - are ready for commissioning.With this, the Water Board has completed the task of building seven additional storage reservoirs on the south of Musi under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme. \"The Water Board is supplying water to these additional reservoirs from Krishna phase I and II. We will, on trial basis, supply water round the clock in some colonies in the Chandrayangutta constituency,\" Water Board chief general manager G Rameshwar Rao told TOI.The Water Board had already commissioned five additional storage reservoirs - Mir Alam (13ML), Asmangadh (5 ML), Bandlaguda (2 ML), Chanchalguda (2 ML) and Maisaram (5 ML).Once these reservoirs are commissioned, apart from improving water supply, low pressure problem would also get solved in areas in the Chandrayangutta constituency. Around 15,000 water connections will be supplied per reservoir, he added.As per schedule, the Water Board had to complete and commission the reservoirs by June 2011, but due to delay in road works permission from Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC), works got delayed.\"We have spent Rs 33 crore on the seven additional storage reservoirs. We have completed major systems like inlet and outlet pumping systems at the two reservoirs. Laying pipeline for the distribution network in various areas is in progress.We will complete the distribution network by October and likely commission them by November. Recently, we did a trial run at Riayasathnagar successfully, while the trail run at Barkas reservoir will start soon,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "16291110", "title": "Women motor-bikers outdrive men in Himalayas", "text": "MANALI: Men vying for the best biker titles by riding their bikes on the roughest terrains of the Himalayas seem to be losing to women as hundreds of female bikers from across the world are reaching here to prove their mettle. All available roads have been trampled under bikes driven by women, but they are intent on doing what even men cannot do.India, Canada, USA, Germany, Italy, France... adventure enthusiast women from every corner of the world are flying to Kullu to organize their high altitude motorbike expeditions. Women bikers are searching if there are any more motorable road, which has not yet seen any female.Most of the women are newbies, while very few of them are professional. Still, they are testing their limits on roads at 15,000 to 18,400 height. Also, many women are joining men in their tours and proving their riding skills.Not only that, some women riding their bikes alone, in terrains of Manali-Leh highway, want to go beyond their limits.\"I'm loving riding my bike in Himalayas. This is difficult but rewarding,\" a well-known Canadian celebrity, Lia Grimanis, told TOI over phone from Nubra Valley of Ladakh. Lia has experience of biking on ice in Norway when temperature was -55 degrees Celsius.\"I'll ask all women in my country to try their luck on Manali-Leh highway at least once in their life.\"There are no races or rallies, but groups of women motor-bikers can frequently be seen on Manali-Leh highway. This is for the first time that Royal Enfields are not easily available on rent in Manali, sources said.Motorbikes are being hired from outside the state -- 500 CC bikes, long leather shoes, windcheaters, helmets and a bunch of long hair peeping out of the helmet, the Himalayan roads are thundering with the presence of adventurous housewives.Unfortunately, the number of women from India daring to come out of the homes and compete with men on roads is negligible. \"Our culture and traditional thoughts doesn't allow women to ride bikes, like men do,\" India's first professional motor-biker Moksha Jetley rues, who want to see more Indian female bikers riding on off-roads.\"Hundreds of women are riding their bikes on Manali-Leh, Shimla-Spiti, Leh-Zanskar and Manali-Srinagar highways. But, I hardly meet any Indian. Yes, some of our women have laid the foundation stone of a new era but I was never encouraged for my biking passion by anybody in my country, though I'm encouraging my Indian sisters,\" she added.The thrill of biking on Manali-Leh highway is drawing more and more women every year. Though a biking tour is expensive than the family holiday tour, but women, who have tasted the fun of biking, are ready to pay any cost to live their dreams.Moksha has driven her motorbike from Kanyakumari to Kashmir, Tibet , Napal and most of the toughest roads of Himalayas. She has been inspiring Indian women to come out of their boundaries and live their dreams. She is launching a women motor-biking expedition in November where her slogan would be \"proud to be a woman\". \"Women can do anything. Why only cricket. We can beat men in all fields. Women have been forced to stay indoors for centuries. But this is the time for men to worry,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16289954", "title": "'Pay 10% service charge to employees'", "text": "PANAJI: Though a committee appointed by the Union tourism ministry had recommended payment of a uniform 10% service charge to hotel employees in India in 1957, the recommendation is yet to be implemented, the Hotel Employees Federation of India has stated.In a memorandum to the Federation of Hotel and Restaurant Association of India, the employees' federation has urged the hotel and restaurant federation to provide incentives to employees. \"It (service charged) has no financial implication for hotels and would not affect the flow of tourists,\" employees' federation president Subhas Naik Jorge stated.The hotel standards and rate structure committee had recommended a stop to the system of 'tipping' hotel employees as it caused harassment to Indian and foreign tourists. \"It is a matter of regret that even 55 years after the recommendation, the system of payment of 10% service charge to hotel employees has not been introduced in India,\" Jorge claimed. The committee had also recommended strict disciplinary action to ensure that bakshish is wiped off without upsetting the pay structure.Stating that some neighbouring countries (Nepal, Sri Lanka etc) have implemented it (service charge) to their advantage, the employees' federation alleged that some starred hotels in India pay low minimum wages with barely any benefits to unskilled employees, who often work 12 hours or more a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16290365", "title": "Punjab Engineering College professor \u2018harassed\u2019 by deputy director", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An associate professor of Punjab Engineering College (PEC) University of Technology on Thursday filed a police complaint, accusing deputy director of the institute of harassing her and using obscene remarks against her. Complaint was filed in the single window, at police headquarters in Sector 9 and an inquiry has been marked into it. In the complaint, the victim has alleged that she has been sexually harassed by PEC's deputy director A M Kalra, a professor in the civil engineering department. She has also named Manoj Datta, director of PEC, for shielding Kalra as instead of taking action against the accused, he resorted to motivate the victim to take back the complaint. Victim said she had first filed the complaint with Datta over two years ago in 2010. \"Kalra is also harassing other female staff and students of the institute. A similar case, which was filed be a female student, is still pending against him in a court,\" the victim told reporters here. \"Kalra used obscene and sexually tainted words against me. By offering temptation of important official charges and in the guise of horoscope consultation in his office, this widower tried to gain my proximity,\" said the complaint. \"On not being successful to allure me into his evil plans, he threatened me and misused his official position to harass and victimize me at workplace,\" it added. In her complaint, the victim also expressed threat to her life by Kalra and Datta. However, when Datta was contacted, he expressed ignorance over this issue and refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289953", "title": "1 more suicide spurs Metro into action", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the second such incident in two days, another youth committed suicide by jumping off an elevated Metro station on Thursday. The incident took place at Punjabi Bagh Metro Station around 12.30pm. No suicide note has been recovered.The youth, Pradip, was a resident of Baba Haridas Nagar near Tigri border. Cops said he was suffereing from depression. He was rushed to Sanjay Gandhi Hospital but was declared brought dead.Alarmed by the spate of suicides witnessed in the past few months, Delhi Metro has put several preventive measures in place. \"Additional railings have been installed at stations like Laxmi Nagar, Preet Vihar, Vaishali, Akshardham, Kaushambi and Nirman Vihar,\" said a Metro station spokesperson. Now, the corporation is planning to install high railings at 19 more stations that have been identified as suicide-prone.\"The work is likely to be completed within a month,\" added the official. Stations where the work will be undertaken include Seelampur, Janakpuri West, Rajendra Place, Dilshad Garden, R K Ashram, Sultanpur, M G Road, Jahangirtpuri, Kirti Nagar, Noida Sector 16, Govindpuri and Uttam Nagar East.DMRC will also launch a public service initiative with the help of an NGO to sensitize its frontline staff, including customer care executives and those manning the stations, to identify people with suicidal tendencies at Metro premises and guide them to the NGO volunteers,\" said the DMRC official. The corporation will also highlight the importance of life through posters and literature asking people under depression to contact the NGO's helpline - 011-23389090. The helpline number is active between 2pm-10pm on weekdays and from 10am to 10pm on weekends. \"The NGO is also planning to make this helpline available 24X7,\" added the official.DMRC has also put up barriers on the platforms restricting passengers from stepping beyond a certain point. Guards have been deployed at stations to keep a watch on commuters, said the spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16289258", "title": "Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University radio on air today", "text": "NASHIK: The Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University (YCMOU) has decided to start a web radio to keep students updated with latest technology and to educate through this medium. The web radio, titled 'Yashwani', will be inaugurated on Friday, informed head of the computer department, Rajendra Wadnere.The university has installed a studio for the radio. The inauguration will be chaired by vice chancellor of YCMOU, R Krishnakumar. Media expert and community radio practitioner R Shridhar, secretary Prakash Atkare will be present. The programme will be aired directly on ycmou.digitaluniversity.ac.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "16295407", "title": "Western railway DRM cancels visit to Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry", "text": "SURAT : The allegiance of the president of Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry's (SGCCI),Paresh Patel with the BJP after he was elected as senate member of the Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) has started showing its ugly face.Divisional Railway Manager (DRM) of western railways, Sandip Silas, who was invited by the SGCCI during his visit in the city on Thursday, turned down the request after he was briefed about the strong allegiance of SGCCI president with the BJP by the city Congress president.Sources in the railways said that the DRM had agreed to remain present at the event organised by the SGCCI on Thursday morning. But he immediately changed his mind after he was briefed about the politicization of the SGCCI after the VNSGU's senate election.\"We were running short of time and had to rush back to Mumbai after meeting people in Surat. Thus, we decided to meet the people at the railway station itself\" said Silas refusing to comment further.Sources said that the president of Surat City and District Congress Ashok Jirawala, who was invited by the DRM to remain present in the meeting to discuss the issues concerning the western railway, had raised an objection on the invitation given by the SGCCI to hold the meeting at their headquarters in Nanpura.Jirawala reportedly told the DRM that SGCCI is ruled by the BJP and that its president fought the senate election on the BJP ticket.Talking with TOI, Ashok Jirawala, president of Surat City and District Congress said \"SGCCI has become the chamber of BJP after it president contested the senate election. DRM is the public servant and I strongly objected to attend the meeting at the SGCCI headquarters\"When contacted Paresh Patel, SGCCI president refused to comment on the issue stating \"We had gone to meet the DRM at the railway station. The meeting was successful\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16292616", "title": "Around 45 people were cheated by an impersonating IPS officer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The impersonating IPS officer of CBI, Aman Kumar, has been cheating around 45 people of Chandigarh, Panchkula, Mohali and some other districts of Haryana and some were in the queue of delivering the money to him during the past one-and-half years.A law graduate from Kurushetra University, Aman Kumar, was arrested along with his guman, who was carrying a duplicate and one original revolver, by Panchkula police on August 25.A senior police official said, \"Accused Aman used to take property disputes in his hands and make fake phone calls to senior police officials of Haryana, Punjab and Himachal in front of the complainants.\"Three bank acounts of the impersonater are also being scrutinized by the local police. Meanwhile, Panchkula police have also sought details about the gunman of accused Aman, who was carrying an valid armed licence issued by district administration of Bhiwani in Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "sivakasi", "code": "16290593", "title": "12 held for Sivakasi fire", "text": "SIVAKASI: Twelve persons were arrested on Thursday in connection with the gruesome tragedy at a fireworks manufacturing unit near Sivakasi that claimed 39 lives, even as the government ordered a magisterial probe into the mishap and officials indulged in a blame-game .As a hunt was launched to nab the factory owner Murugesan , who fled the scene after the fire, a top police official said several violations of safety norms like overcrowding, overstocking and wrong mixing of chemicals had been found, leading to one of the worst mishaps at the hub of the country's cracker industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289446", "title": "3 held for kidnapping Ghaziabad businessman", "text": "NEW DELHI: The crime branch has arrested three alleged highway robbers for kidnapping a Ghaziabad businessman and keeping him in confinement for 15 days. Sunil (21), Manoj (23) and Bittoo (22) were reportedly caught with improvised pistols and six live cartridges. A motorcycle was also recovered from their possession.\"On August 3 this year, Punit Aggarwal, an industrialist from Nehru Nagar in Ghaziabad, was abducted for ransom from the Kavi Nagar area. The kidnappers reportedly demanded many lakhs of rupees for his release and made ransom calls from different locations to mislead police. On August 16, Aggarwal was released on payment of ransom. Investigators later found that the kidnappers were part of the 'Arvind gang', on whose members UP Police had declared a reward of Rs 5,000 each,'' said DCP (crime) Sanjay Jain.The special unit of crime branch got specific leads in the case under ACP Udaiveer Rathi. The three suspects were held after police received a tip-off that they would come near Anand Vihar ISBT on September 4 to commit a crime.During interrogation, the accused revealed the kidnapping was planned in the last week of July. They were helped by another gangster, Harender, who had worked as security guard in Aggarwal's factory and informed them about the businessman's routine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288570", "title": "What\u2019s BMC, ask 26% Mumbaikars", "text": "MUMBAI: In a pointer to the city's civic apathy, a recent survey has revealed that more than a quarter of Mumbaikars polled do not know the BMC's full form. A third do not know which party rules over the BMC and more than a half do not know the ward they belong to. What's worse, almost half the respondents did not cast their vote in the recent BMC elections and 5% said they were not aware that such an election had even taken place.The survey, with a large sample size of 5,000 Mumbaikars, was conducted by SYBSc students of St Xavier's College, Dhobi Talao.Avkash Jadhav, professor from the department of history, St Xavier's College, said, \"While teaching my students, I realized that many sitting in the class itself weren't aware of the BMC's roles and functions. Therefore, I decided to assign students to check how much the city knows about our municipal corporation.\"On an average, approximately 30% of the respondents were not aware of the quality of roads, availability of potable water and cleanliness in their locality, shedding light on their indifference to basic amenities. \"The level of ignorance among citizens is the same no matter what their background. My students interviewed housewives, shopkeepers, teachers, professionals, housemaids and other random people and were appalled with the results.\"A group of 20 students took two months to compile the data and presented it in class in the last week of August. They put together a set of 15 questions \u2014both opinion- and knowledge-based. The questionnaire dealt with topics ranging from cleanliness to potable water.\"Many respondents were ready to answer opinion-based questions but when it came to knowledge-based questions like the full form of BMC or the ward they belong to, they were very hesitant. We had a hard time trying to compile all the information,\" said Benaz Irani, one of the students. Benaz added that in certain cases, they gave respondents the benefit of the doubt if they had at least some idea about the BMC.Experts were not surprised with the findings and added that it is the citizens' responsibility to take an interest in civic issues. \"At some point, we have all ranted about pockmarked roads and overflowing dustbins, but how many of us know whom to direct our complaints to?,\" said Jadhav.Nitai Mehta, trustee, Praja Foundation, though, said awareness is higher among those from economically lower classes. A survey undertaken by Praja earlier had shown that almost 60-70% of people from slums and unauthorized shanties were more aware about their corporators and immediate civic issues.Times View : Take this survey seriouslyThe survey may not have been done by market research experts but its findings bear out the common citizen's experience. A sizeable section expressing dissatisfaction with some of the basic components of quality of life, like the quality of water or roads, means a failure on the part of the civic agency. The BMC should take note of this survey and focus on the areas of concern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "sivakasi", "code": "16291575", "title": "A day after Sivakasi inferno, blame game on", "text": "SIVAKASI: A day after one of the worst accidents in a fireworks unit in Sivakasi, a blame game has begun with the district administration , which is supposed to monitor the cracker units, claiming it was kept in the dark about the cancellation of licence to the factory.The district administration came to know about the cancellation of licence by the deputy controller of explosives only after the accident, said Virudhunagar collector T N Hariharan. DGP (fire and rescue services) Bhola Nath, who visited the site on Thursday, blamed human error for the explosion. CPM politburo member Sitaram Yechury, who went to the accident site as well as to the Sivakasi Government Hospital, where some of the injured are being treated, blamed both the state and central governments. The Virudhunagar Congress MP has demanded stringent measures to regulate the fireworks industry. Staff from the office of the deputy chief controller of explosives in Sivakasi had conducted an inspection at Om Shakthi Fire Works at Mudhalipatti on August 28 and issued an order of suspension-cum-cancellation of licence on September 4, a day before the accident. But, district revenue officials, entrusted with monitoring the fireworks units, said they were not informed of it. \"We came to know only after the accident. We could have shut down the unit if we were intimated about it earlier,\" said collector Hariharan. Nagpur-based chief controller of explosives T R Thomas, who inspected the spot, said his officials had issued the cancellation order to the owner of the unit on September 4 and that the order was uploaded on the website of the Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organisation the same day. \"Rules mandate that we inform the revenue officials about suspension orders anytime before six working days from the date of issue of the order . It is unfortunate that the accident happened a day after the licence was cancelled,\" he said. The deputy chief controller of explosives , B Rangasamy, who issued the order, had found about 40 violations in the fireworks unit, including excess stocking of explosives. Activists blamed authorities for the failure of concerted efforts to prevent accidents. \"How many factory owners have been sent to jail in all these years for causing accidents?'' asked M Mahalakshmi, secretary of Sivakasi Cracker and Matchstick Unit Workers Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16294368", "title": "Sangram Singh voted as the sexiest man alive!", "text": "Sangram Singh, an international wrestler, model and actor has been voted as the sexist man alive in an online survey done by a famous portal.Sangram emerged as the winner among worthy contenders like Brad Pitt , Salman Khan , John Abraham , George Clooney , Ashton Kutcher , David Beckham , Justin Bieber , Johnny Depp , Robert Pattinson , and many other celebrities and models around the world.The survey was conducted on looks and voting was purely based on the visual appearance and appeal.When contacted, Sangram said that he was humbled by this news and added, \"looks are a by-product of good health and health is the no.1 ornament in the world\". His fitness regime is quite rigorous and inspite of his busy schedule he never misses his workouts.He said, \"Due to shoots, shows and travelling, I don't have a fixed schedule, so I train myself whenever I get time, like from 1am to 3am. But one thing that I take care of is to follow a strict diet. I don't eat much from outside, and even if I have to, I take only fruits and salads. Basically I'm just an average person, who takes a little extra care of his health.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16288887", "title": "PoP idols may still find their way to shelves", "text": "NAGPUR: With Nagpur Municipal Corporation banning PoP idols during this Ganesh festival, those in the business fear a shortage of clay idols and feel it would not be possible to implement the ban in totality.Nilesh Ingle, an idol maker at Chitar Oli, says, \"till last year over 90% small idols sold in the city were made of PoP. It is not possible to make clay idols in such large numbers in such a short time.\" According to estimates done by social groups in the city, more than three lakh idols are sold during the festival. More than 90% of these are small and medium sized Ganeshas.Green activist Vijay Ghuge feels that it would be difficult to ensure that all idols sold in the city were of clay. \"PoP idols are lighter, cheaper and more attractive. Thus they continue to be favourites.\" Clay idols 10-foot or more high get heavy and difficult to handle. \"It would weigh more than a tonne and may crack around the neck or limbs,\" says Ghuge. PoP will be used in them even if partially, but Ghughe says even if its use is reduced by up to 80%, it would ease pressure on city's water bodies.Buyers and alert citizens feel they are being duped in the name of clay idols. Dr Gajanan Zaday had purchased an idol last year with the assurance that it was made of clay. \"I had told the vendor that it should dissolve completely as I do the immersion at home. But even after one month of keeping it in water it remained intact and the colour too didn't fade.\" Zaday says unscrupulous idol makers follow the parameters required for identifying clay idols. \"We are told that clay idols are heavier than PoP. I found later this idol had been stuffed with sand and stones to make it heavy,\" he says.Growing awareness and such unethical tricks are leading many to think alternatively. City businessman Dhananjay Ranade says he will do the sthapna with a supari this year. \"The scriptures permit this and it does not put any pressure on the environment,\" he adds. Even after three months, the idol used by Ranade last year did not dissolve. \"It began to smell and did not dissolve so we had to immerse it in a big water body later,\" he says.Alerting buyers to look out carefully, Mangesh Upasani who gets clay idols from Pench for sale, says, \"The best way is to check the trunk and the limbs. In a clay idol, they would be attached as separate parts. Water colours are used on clay as it will not absorb any chemical colour and so they appear dull.\" Upasani agrees that at many exhibitions, PoP idols are still selling. \"There is a mix of clay and PoP and as they are brighter and better in looks, they move fast and keep getting replaced,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16295002", "title": "Residents get another reason to blame BRTS", "text": "INDORE: Daily commuters who were till now complaining traffic-related problems while plying on Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) got another reason to blame the developmental authorities on Thursday. Heavy downpour coupled with poor drainage system, water logged BRTS left people with no other choice than to curse authorities for wasting crores of funds. Storm water lines that were laid for proper water exit could not find its use due to improper road elevation. Vikas Jain, one of the residents of Gulmohar Colony said, \"It was a nightmare to commute on BRTS in last two days. Waterlogged patches on BRTS, AB Road has made it difficult to drive for people. Civic and development authorities are to be cursed for misusing public funds and doing no benefits for city people.\"Due to poor water exit mechanism, waterlogging near scheme 114, press complex, Palasia Square, Geeta Bhawan and Navlakha Square gave tough time to commuters on BRTS in last 24 hours. The water level was upto knees and even clogged several vehicles who were trying to pass it to reach their office. During evening long traffic snarls on the AB Road forced several to postpone their meeting or hang-out plans. \"I thought to enjoy weather after rain on Wednesday but had to postpone my plans as there was traffic jam on AB road as well on Ring Road, which is considered for traffic free movement,\" said Preeti Sharma. Another resident said, \"I was about to reach office in morning but my car got clogged due to high water level on AB Road near scheme 114. I had to seek help to pull car out of water. If authorities would made proper water exits problem could not have arrived.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293080", "title": "Pizza", "text": "The film is made by the Attakathi producer CV Kumar with the same music director. Pizza also marks the return of Thenmerku Paravakatrai hero Viijay Sethupathi. This is his second film and actress Ramya Nambeesan is paired opposite him. This movie is a romantic suspense thriller.Producer C V Kumar, whose recent flick Attakathi is a hit, is producing this film. Santosh Narayanan is the music director for this film. Gana Bala, whose Attakathi songs like Aadi Pona Aavani were a hit on the charts, is also doing songs for this flick. Gopi Amarnath of Maalai Pozhuthin Mayakkathile fame is the cinematographer of the film. Music for the film is composed by Santhosh Narayanan, editing by Leo John Paul and sound design by Vishnu and Shankar.The movie is said to be in post production now. It seems Santhosh Narayanan has been invited by a studio in Australia to record the soundtrack of Pizza there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16288989", "title": "Mayor confirms mistakes in Gorewada lake overflow", "text": "NAGPUR: The Gorewada lake continued to overflow for the second consecutive day, worsening the situation in areas located on the banks of Pili river. Mayor Anil Sole inspected the affected areas on Thursday and confirmed that the overflow could have been prevented if Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) officials had been more vigilant in monitoring the water level.TOI had highlighted the negligence on the part of officials from NMC's water works department, which affected over 500 families residing on the banks of Pili river which is in spate since early Wednesday morning after the lake overflowed. The Pili river does not have a retaining wall like Nag river, and passes through many parts of East and North Nagpur. Over 500 families have been affected due to the overflowing water, which also caused a loss to NMC.Sole told TOI that the water flowing into the lake should have been stopped at least two days earlier. \"I visited the affected areas, including Palloti Nagar, Godavari Nagar and adjacent areas. We have made arrangements for food and shelter at nearby NMC schools and requested the affected citizens to move there. A disaster management team has been engaged in keeping a vigil in the affected areas,\" he said.However, the affected citizens are refusing to move to the temporary housing. Corporator Meena Tidke told TOI that over 200 families are affected in Gorewada ward. \"We made all arrangements at NMC school situated in Anant Nagar. The affected citizens shifted their household goods there, but are not ready to leave the area. They are staying on the higher ground and adjacent temples, but are not ready to come to the school,\" she said.Tidke said that necessary steps will be taken if the situation worsens. \"We are ensuring that the affected citizens do not face any problem of food and medical treatment. Sole is following up regularly and monitoring the situation,\" she said.According to the data available with NMC, Gorewada lake's water level had reduced to 315.30 meter by Thursday afternoon but again rose to 315.60 meter in the evening. The level was 315.58 at 9pm.A senior NMC official said that since heavy rains continued on Thursday, the water level in the lake had increased. \"The gates remained open due to the high water level. The gates may be closed if the water level goes below 315 meter. We are monitoring the water level,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293347", "title": "Clean &amp; Clear Calcutta Times Fresh 2012 at Lady Brabourne College", "text": "Why are we waiting? The crowd screamed, waiting for emcee Jinia to take charge and get the Clean &amp; Clear Calcutta Times Fresh 2012 started at Lady Brabourne College. A bevy of pretty girls shimmied as DJ Rinky played one hit track after another.From Sikkimese folk songs, to rap and dance numbers, the girls went all out to impress the judges. And why not? After all, two of them have a clear chance of being the face of Clean &amp; Clear.WE LIKE TO MOVE IT: Tenzi Doma Lama sang Thilai thilai, a Sikkimese song, and with the crowd erupting in thunderous applause, it was evident that she had made more friends than many in her few months in college. Divya Chaturvedi got the girls clapping along with her rap, What the hell are we waiting for. It was Arunima Bhadra and her dance to Chaar baj gaye that got the loudest cheers. The petite Shivangi Dubey had everybody rocking with her fancy moves, especially when she touched the ground with her head and lifted her legs.The talent round was full of surprises. Be it Diyali Ghosh, who danced to Tomar khola hawa or Anisha, who gyrated to Chikni chameli , the girls made sure they went all out to woo the judges. Shivangi had them floored with her hips that sure didn't lie! She secured the second runnerup's place. With her rapping, Divya Chaturvedi was a clear contender for the first runner-up's place. However, it was Arunima Bhadra who clinched the winner's title with her special apps for dancing, stunning movements and oodles of attitude. She danced to Mashallah and was adjudged the winner. \"Bhoy korchhe? Tension hochhe?\" asked judge Madhabilata, before announcing the names, but the confident girls were far from tense. You too can be a part of all the action, just log on to itimes.com/freshface.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16290780", "title": "17-yearr-old missing boy found in Mumbai", "text": "COIMBATORE: An investigation team traced down the 17-year-old school boy, who left his parents in the city 11 months ago, from a restaurant at Powai in Mumbai on Wednesday. He was taken back to Coimbatore and produced before a judicial magistrate court on Thursday. The boy told police he was not interested in studies and left home when his parents insisted that he continue his education. Police officials traced the boy with the help of Facebook.Police said, U Aaditya, (17) of Gurusamy Nagar in Peelamedu, was studying in Class XI at National Model School on Avinashi Road. He was an average student. His father, R Umapathy, a civil engineer and his mother, U Senthamarai, a sub-registrar of Sulur sub-registrar office, scolded him for not performing well in the exams.On 28 September, 2011, Aaditya left home and took a train to Mumbai. His parents conducted a search with their friends and relatives but to no avail. Finally, they lodged a complaint with Peelamedu police station. While the case was pending, Umapathy approached Madras high court and filed a habeas corpus. The court instructed police to find the boy and produce him before the court.A special team was formed to trace him. The team approached his relatives and friends' circle and asked them to inform police if the boy contacted them.Recently, the police got vital information that Aaditya had joined Facebook as Aaditya Mukesh. Police attempted to identify his location with the help of the boy's Internet Protocol (IP) address but were unable to do so immediately due to too heavy online traffic.A special team approached the legal wing of Facebook, Ireland through email and finally got three mobile phone numbers. The legal wing clearly mentioned that the boy was operating the account through his mobile number and two other numbers. Based on the mobile numbers, city police traced the boy's whereabouts to a restaurant at Powai in Mumbai.A special team led by Peelamedu police sub-inspector A Sivakumar went to Mumbai and found the boy. He was taken to Coimbatore on Thursday and produced before judicial magistrate court -VI. The court has sent him back to his parents.\"Aaditya had chatted on Facebook and we approached Facebook legal wing to help locate the origin of the chats,\" said C Karthikeyan, inspector, Peelamedu police station.Police said, the boy approached an auto rickshaw driver after reaching Mumbai and joined a restaurant. He got Rs85 as daily wage and stayed at the hotel itself. He knew Hindi and managed to become familiar with the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16296206", "title": "Harbhajan Singh bats for Sachin Tendulkar", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Veteran Indian off-spinner Harbhajan Singh on Friday backed senior teammate Sachin Tendulkar, insisting that he remains a phenomenon despite being off-colour in the just-concluded Test series against New Zealand.\"I don't want to comment on what others have said. But Sachin is somebody we all have looked up to while playing. He is the best cricketer I have played with,\" Harbhajan said.\"He scores 100s but never gets tired. His hunger for runs is amazing. He is truly a phenomenon, a legend and the God of cricket. Yet he keeps himself so simple. You learn a lot from him,\" he added.The 39-year-old Tendulkar was bowled thrice in four innings in the just-concluded India-New Zealand Test series, prompting many to announce that age is catching up with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16290455", "title": "Crime against women: SPs asked to hold workshops", "text": "PATNA: In the wake of spurt in incidents of offences against young girls across the state, IG (Weaker Section), CID, Arvind Pandey has issued a missive to all SPs, including that of Railways, to organize workshops with the assistance of NGOs and social welfare department in all girls schools, girls colleges and other women's institutions to create sensitivity among them against crime against woman, including sexual abuse.In a letter to the SPs, Pandey said that in recent months, it has been found in several districts of the state that antisocial elements were making photographs of sexual abuse through Internet and electronic equipment. He said that such persons have committed crime described in chapter 11 of the Information Technology Act, 2000.The IG said that such girls and women, who have been victims of such incidents, should be given training in self-defence. Pandey said it has also been found that such cases can be scientifically investigated by organizing state-level and district-level workshops for training under Anti-Trafficking, SC/ST Acts and Juvenile Justice Act. The IG directed the SPs to decide themselves with specialists to organize such workshops. The subjects of the session would be provided to them very soon, he said and added that this letter had been mailed to the SPs, asking them to provide details of the training programme on igwscid@gmail.com and igweaker-bih@nic.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16294545", "title": "Mukti to shake her leg in an item number", "text": "An item song was picturised recently for Upendra and Bhavana starrer, 'Topiwala' directed by MG Sreenivas. Mukti Mohan is featured in the song. The film is produced by K P Srikanth and has Hari Krishna to provide the music. Major portion of the film has already been shot. Mukti Mohan ,who made her debut along with Hrithik Roshan in a mobile phone ad, sizzled in an item number for 'Topiwala'.22-year-old Mukti comes from a talented family. Her sisters Neeti and Shakti are creating waves with their singing and dancing talents and now Mukti is here to prove to the world her skills as a dancer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16290558", "title": "UP gears up for Indian Grand Prix 2012", "text": "LUCKNOW: Preparing for the Indian Grand Prix leg of Formula One 2012, the Uttar Pradesh government on Thursday took stock of preparations for the mega event to be held between October 26 and 28. To be held at the Buddh International Circuit (BIC) in Noida, officials of the organising committee made presentations to the infrastructure and development commissioner on arrangements for traffic, transport and security during the international motor racing event.According to infrastructure and industrial development commissioner, Anil Gupta, subsequent stock-taking meetings of the government would be held in Noida in the first week of October.Asking officials to make adequate preparations for disseminating information about routes, facilities available, tickets, parking area and other do's and don'ts, the sports organising committee was instructed to advertise the same through banner and posters. Senior officials of the state government also asked the organising committee to coordinate with Noida-Greater Noida authorities to enable free traffic flow through this route.With more spectators expected to participate in this year's event after Yamuna Expressway was operationalised, the government has also planned special crowd control initiatives and will put in place measures to ensure that the crowd is dispersed smoothly after the race ends.Chief executive officer of Greater Noida, Rama Raman said, \"This year Noida Authority will give extra land for park and ride facility - transport buses from the parking place to the race circuit-to about 10,000 vehicles. At present, these services are only available to 4,000 vehicles near Knowledge Park.The government will also increase to 200, the number of buses ferrying spectators from Knowledge Park parking to BIC. Also, 200 buses will ply from Noida City Centre Metro Station along with additional buses at some points in New Delhi along with shuttle buses inside the circuit.\"Buddh International Circuit is 5.125 Km long and race involves 60 laps of this circuit. Sebastian Vettel was the race winner in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289479", "title": "Students unwell after eating mid-day meal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over a dozen students fell ill on Thursday after consuming food provided under the mid-day meal scheme in a school run by the Delhi government. While the police complaint mentions 21 cases, officials of the Directorate of Education (DoE) said only 12 students fell ill and were hospitalized.According to DoE officials, after the mid-day meal was served at Sarvodaya Kanya Vidyalaya in Nehru Nagar, which falls under the DoE, South District zone, few girls complained of dizziness and stomach ache and were taken to Vidyasagar Institute for Mental Health Neuro and Allied Science (Vimhans), Nehru Nagar.The director, education, Amit Singla, said, \"The food was served to 295 students of which 12 complained of nausea. We immediately took them to hospital and the school has lodged a police complaint. The students were later discharged by the hospital in good condition.\"Singla added that the food samples would be sent to labs for testing and \"action will be taken against the guilty\".DoE officials refused to divulge the name of the agency that supplied the food and said an inquiry would be conducted. The deputy director of education responsible for the scheme in all government schools, Marcel Ekka, said: \"We have asked the school to submit a report by Friday so that we can take a look at it. A comprehensive inquiry will be carried out and the agency supplying the food will also be looked into.\"At present, 26 agencies, mostly non-governmental organizations, supply pre-cooked mid-day meal to around 400 government schools in the capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16294240", "title": "Will Kona Venkat bag Baadshah USA rights?", "text": "Well, the craze for the film has been such that even the prominent crew of the project are evincing interest in bagging the USA rights of NTR-starrer Baadshah. Writer Kona Venkat, who is part of this prestigious project, has approached producer Bandla Ganesh to bid for the overseas rights of the film.Kona informed Ganesh and expressed his willingness to acquire the USA rights of the film. He further said that he's quite prepared to pay a whopping to grab them. The writer posted this on his micro-blogging site \"I offered to take the US rights of BAADSHAH from my brother Bandla Ganesh.. Waiting for his positive reply.. Price doesn't matter\" (sic). Well, it remains to be seen whether Bandla Ganesh accepts Kona Venkat offer.Baadshah is one of the costliest movies made in Tollywood and Sreenu Vaitla is leaving no stone unturned to make the film a huge success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16289657", "title": "Govt plea for early panchayat polls rejected", "text": "KOLKATA: The Trinamool Congress gameplan to hold panchayat elections ahead of schedule and ride the popular surge that helped it annihilate the Left last year has hit a hurdle, with the state election commission (SEC) turning down the Mamata Banerjee government's request for polls this December or next January.In a recent communique to the state government, the SEC said it cannot hold the elections before March 2013, adding it preferred to stick to the schedule, May 2013, and could consider advancing it to April-end.The SEC communique (Memo No. 1460/SEC/IE-70/2012) comes at a time when the chief minister has been pleading for early panchayat polls, arguing many of the Left Front-controlled panchayats had turned non-functional and were coming in the way of the rural delivery system. Taking a cue from the CM, panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee had also raised the issue from time to time. Some zilla parishads, too, have allegedly been unable to function effectively after the change of guards at Writers' Buildings. The state government has initiated the process to seize powers of the Nadia, North 24 Parganas and Murshidabad zilla parishads.The SEC communicated its inability to hold early panchayat polls to chief secretary Samar Ghosh within days of the top state bureaucrat calling on state election commissioner Meera Pandey to present the government's view. The SEC needs six months from the date of the election notification to hold the panchayat polls. If it were to notify the polls now, the SEC could have held it by the end of January or early February. However, the SEC would prefer to hold the polls only after the existing panchayat representatives end their full term.The reason is simple. Even if the SEC brings the panchayat polls forward, the new representatives elected can't replace those elected in June 2008 from their posts till the end of their tenure. The SEC fears such a development might complicate the law-and-order situation further.A senior official said the state government's proposal to advance the polls could not be done accepted as the revision of the voters' list, expected to start next month, would be completed only in January. The official also said the process of delimitation in panchayat areas would be completed next month but reservation of seats for SC/ST/OBCs and women was yet to be done. \"It's a time-consuming process to reserve the seats according to the new reservation norms,\" the official said. Last week, the state government issued a notification amending the Panchayat Act for reservation of seats for SC/ST/OBCs and women.District magistrates have been asked to start the electoral process by October. Some of the zilla parishad constituencies may have to be realigned after some panchayat areas were included in municipal areas. \"There has been an increase in the number of voters in some areas as well,\" a state official said.'Reforms-blocker' CM in global list of 50 most influentialChief Minister Mamata Banerjee figures in a Bloomberg Markets magazine list of 50 most influential people in the world of finance . \"Her Trinamool Congress party, part of the ruling coalition, has stalled Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's economic reform agenda by opposing foreign retailers,\" the magazine says in its October issue. Mamata occupies 21st position on the list. \"This proves that she has successfully taken the issues of the common man onto the global stage,\" Trinamool spokesperson Derek O' Brien said. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16287841", "title": "Wall collapses at Metro site, none hurt", "text": "BANGALORE: A portion of a wall cordoning off a Namma Metro site in front of the Upparpet police station on Dhanvantari Road collapsed on Thursday evening.No casualties were reported as no one was present at the spot when the wall came down. Debris lay all over the adjacent pavement around 5.45pm. A couple of destitutes who usually slept under a tree near the wall were not there. A couple of unidentified passersby suffered bruises, eyewitnesses said.They said the crashed portion was almost 12 ft high and spanned about 4m. Workers of Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation rushed to clear the debris from the road.The road bordered a Metro site area where slurry from tunnel boring machines is deposited.BMRC said the wall was built by the Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation whose bus stand was at the spot not too long ago. It also denied the collapse had anything to do with Metro work.\"It was an old wall. The collapse may have happened due to soil loosening following recent rain, not due to tunnelling,\" said a BMRC spokesperson. He added that it would erect barricades to cordon off the site. A slurry plant of the BMRC is close to the wall and a huge heap of slurry has been dumped adjacent to the collapsed wall.Upparpet police personnel, who saw the accident, said the wall may not have been able to withstand the pressure from the slurry heap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288935", "title": "Real estate bodies to look for best VAT calculation", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry (MCHI)-Credai has set up a four-member committee to look for the best option for developers to compute Value Added Tax (VAT) and, in turn, pass it on to buyers who purchased flats between 2006 and 2010.The option will be drawn up after the committee gets clarity from the state on points like deductions on marketing fee, interest cost, etc.Ashok Mohanani, chairman and managing director of Ekta World and a member of the committee, said, \"Once there's clarity, we will formulate the best option after talking to tax consultants and communicate that to developers.\" The three other members are Nayan Shah, chairman of Mayfair Group, Vimal Shah, managing director of Hubtown, and Vilas Kothari, proprietor of Neev Group.At the annual general body meeting of the organization on Tuesday, confusion had arisen among developers over varied VAT calculations. \"Though I understand that VAT is to be levied on the material cost, I am now confused with talk of levy on bank interests,\" a suburban developer said. \"We just hope the state clears the confusion in the next few days and introduces a uniform tax structure,\" said Boman Irani, MCHI-Credai secretary.Housing activists, however, said flat buyers should not be worried as the VAT amount will not run into lakhs. Advocate Anand Patwardhan, former chairperson of the Consumer Guidance Society of India, said the VAT amount is calculated either on the total cost of the construction material or the agreement value of the flat, whichever is lowest. He added that developers are wrong in charging VAT on the total agreement value of the flat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289469", "title": "Patnaik had advised auction of all natural resources: BJD", "text": "New Delhi: Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik wrote to the Centre in January 2011 suggesting that all natural resources, not just coal and lignite, should be allocated by the auction route.The letter written to then finance minister Pranab Mukherjee is being quoted by Biju Janata Dal to counter Congress's allegations that the chief minister, like other CMs of mineral-rich states, was against competitive bidding.Patnaik told Mukherjee that value addition should be recognized as the main consideration for grant of mineral concessions. \"Competitive bidding should be the general methodology for grant of limited national resources,\" the CM had said.The CM went on to argue that auctions were a \"transparent mechanism and will result in selection of meritorious applicants and will ensure maximum gain to the state and the community\".Referring to a meeting with finance ministry, the CM emphasized that both the Centre and state government agreed that \"competitive bidding offer should be market based and not be linked to the cost spent on exploration by the state\". The floor price could be fixed by taking into consideration cost of exploration and other factors. BJD leader Bhartruhari Mahtab said the state government's communications prove that it did not oppose auctions in order to preserve its right to recommend coal block allocations. \"Till auctions were made legally binding, any state would recommend coal blocks for projects in its areas,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16287842", "title": "Raj Thackeray gives go-ahead to music show after producer says sorry", "text": "MUMBAI: After creating a furore over the participation of eight Pakistani vocalists in Sur-Kshetra, Raj Thackeray on Thursday gave the nod to the musical show. The MNS chief relented only after the show's co-producer Boney Kapoor and the creative heads of the channels where the event had a talk with Raj at his Shivaji Park home.Raj reportedly agreed to withdraw the MNS agitation against the event on the condition that the two channels will not host any more shows in which Pakisatni artistes will be allowed to take part.On Friday, Sur-Kshetra is schedule to go on air and playback singer Asha Bhosle will be a jury member. Addressing the party conclave last week, Raj slammed Bhosle for agreeing to be on a show, which has eight Pakistani singers. \"Kapoor expressed his regret while talking to Rajsaheb. He told Rajsaheb he was willing to offer apologies to countrymen whose sentiments were hurt by the presence of Pakistani singers in the show,\" said Ameya Khopkar, chief of the MNS's film wing. \"Kapoor also said cancelling Sur-Kshetra now was impractical as 15 of its episodes had been shot.\"A senior MNS functionary described Thackeray's climbdown a \"tactical move\". \"There was no need to continue the stir after Kapoor and creative heads of the two channels tendered apologies to Rajsaheb.\"Earlier, the party had forced two Pakistani comedians out of a TV show and had also ransacked the set of a reality event, which had Pakistani artistes. In most cases, producers have had to beg for mercy. Filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt said, \"When the state machinery failed to protect the constitutional rights of producers, they are forced to beg for mercy from those very forces who have threatened them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16294339", "title": "Army major 'posts' senior officer wife's phone number on adult site", "text": "NEW DELHI: A senior Army officer has accused a junior of harassing his wife by posting her mobile number on an adult website prompting institution of a Court of Inquiry (COI) into the case.Both the Lieutenant Colonel and the Major are posted at an Army Aviation Corps unit deployed at Bathinda under the 10 Corps there.The CoI was ordered recently by the senior officials of the 10 Corps after complaints were made by a Lieutenant Colonel from the Aviation unit that the Major had posted his wife's mobile number on an adult website, sources said.They said the officer also alleged that the Major made \"unsolicited calls\" to him and his wife.Sources said after the mobile number was posted on the website, the wife of the Lt Col started receiving a large number of unsolicited calls from unknown people.Army Headquarters officials confirmed the development and said the CoI was looking into the complaints of invasion in privacy by a junior officer.Refusing to divulge any further information, they said the proceedings were still on in the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16289384", "title": "Demand for suspension of teacher held in sexual harassment case", "text": "GONDIA: Parents of students from Manoharbhai Patel High School in Chichgaon village in Goregaon tehsil have demanded suspension of one of its teachers who was arrested for allegedly sexually harassing a girl student.Accused Subhodh Bhawe has been working as a teacher at Manoharbhai Patel High School for the last couple of years. Around two years ago, a girl had approached the school for training in craft DEd planning. After she came in contact with Subhodh Bhawe, the teacher allegedly was after her. On October 31, 2010, Bhawe took the girl to his Goregaon residence and misbehaved with her. Later, in spite of her resistance, Bhave kept sexually harassing the girl and also threatened her of dire consequences if she did not yield to his demands, said sources.About two months ago, when the girl asked Bhawe to marry her, he reportedly denied having any relationship with her. The girl then lodged a complaint at Goregaon police station, following which Bhawe was arrested and offence registered against him under IPC sections 376,417,506.On Tuesday, several parents met the school president PG Katre and handed over a memorandum demanding suspension of Bhawe for bringing disrepute to the noble profession and the school as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289850", "title": "More teeth for NIA to crack down on terror outfits", "text": "New Delhi: With the National Counter Terrorism Centre ( NCTC) failing to take off, the government is aiming to give more teeth to the National Investigation Agency (NIA) to crack down on terror outfits such as the banned Indian Mujahideen (IM).In a clear pointer to its intent, the home ministry has asked the country's premier terror agency to lodge a fresh FIR against the outfit with its absconding members as accused. The government is rattled by recurring attacks from IM operatives, the latest suspected to be the Pune blasts on August 1, and is embarking on a new approach to crack down on the outfit's network and cross-border infrastructure.The NIA FIR, likely to be filed soon, will not focus on any specific event but the larger nationwide designs and conspiracy by the outfit to wage war against the country. This will help NIA to take up any incident related to the outfit and freely conduct investigations.The home ministry's move will give NIA a wider approach and access to terror cases across the country and help evolve the agency on the lines of US' Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).The issue is part of the agenda for the three-day annual conference of top police officers organized by the Intelligence Bureau (IB) and will be discussed during the special session on IM. The conference started on Thursday.An official from the home ministry said, \"While state agencies have had good success in breaking the outfit's network in recent years, it is still very much operational and executing blasts with impunity. It is therefore important that we move from event-specific investigations to a nationwide approach to neutralize it.\"Sources said the FIR would have names of about a dozen absconding IM members, including those holed up in Pakistan .IM founders Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal along with Amir Reza Khan (all hiding in Pakistan) would be charged along with Ahmed Zarar Siddibappa alias Yasin Bhatkal, Mohsin Chaudhary, Mirza Baig, Bada Sajid, Dr Shahnawaz, Ariz Khan, Abu Rashid and a few others, said sources.Sources said that the agency is taking legal opinion on the case and the modalities of the FIR so that it stands scrutiny of the court.This, however, is not the first open FIR that the agency would be filing. In case of US-born LeT operative David Coleman Headley too the NIA FIR stressed on the larger conspiracy by the LeT to execute terror attacks in the country with focus on Headley's activities and network.Another case in point is also the FIR lodged by NIA against LeT operatives Fayaz Kagzi and Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal. Here too the FIR mentions no incident but a larger conspiracy to procure explosives, recruit people and target cities.\"The idea of an open FIR is also to emphasize that NIA is supposed to investigate national conspiracies and neutralize terror modules across the nation. It is not just supposed to investigate blasts,\" said another official from the security establishment.In pursuance of the IM case, said sources, the agency will also focus on the outfit's cross-border network and it's funding through Pakistan's ISI. Security agencies say ISI's main purpose was to prop up IM through LeT's network to make terror attacks in India look like a homegrown problem.Since 2006, IM is suspected to have conducted at least 10 terror attacks leading to the death of scores of innocent people. Police of different states have as yet not been able to apprehend its India operations chief Ahmed Zarar Siddibappa, suspected to be behind both the German Bakery blast and the August 1st incident in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16289903", "title": "Impersonation case againstex-serviceman", "text": "PANAJI: An ex-serviceman allegedly transferred and withdrew the money from the postal recurring deposit of a Goa medical college lower division clerk through impersonation at the post headquarters, Panaji.The accused, Zogusso Raghu Naik, 62, a resident of Merces, had allegedly informed the postal authorities that he was the lower division clerk and had been depositing the amount in a postal RD through the GMC cashier. The police have registered a case under sections 419, 465, 468, 471 of IPC against the alleged accused. PSI A Passi is investigating the case after Assenca C Fernandes lodged a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16291432", "title": "Arrest of man with 7.8L points to hawala racket", "text": "CHENNAI: The arrest of Mohammed Ansari, a 49-yearold labourer from Mannady, with 7.8 lakh in cash on Wednesday has again brought to light the multicrore hawala trade in Tamil Nadu. Ansari was picked up by a special police team from a bus stand near the Tambaram railway station. He told the police that a person had given him the cash to be transported to Ramanathapuram where on his arrival someone would call him on his mobile phone and he had to hand over the money to him. He has been remanded in judicial custody. There are hundreds of Tamils living in the Gulf with no passports and visas who use the hawala route to send money home, since they do not have a bank account or cannot use the exchange house as they have to furnish documents to prove they are residents of that Gulf country. Investigators said most of the hawala operators in the state have agents and sub-agents in the Gulf who hang around areas where labourers are put up. They carry a sheet of paper with the name and address of the recipient in Tamil Nadu and the mobile number of the sender. Once the money is handed over to the agent, a fax is sent to the operator based either in Saligramam, Royapettah or Vadapalani in Chennai. The operator here then calls up the sub-agents in the districts, mostly Thanjavur, Ramanathapuram , Chidambaram, Nagercoil and Tirunelveli, and directs them to deliver the cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16290618", "title": "MSEDCL registers power theft case against PMC", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL) on Thursday registered an offence of power theft worth Rs 1.15 lakh against the PMC, for allegedly bypassing electricity meters and tapping power for street lights at six locations in Shivajinagar area last month.An MSEDCL official said that the civic body tapped power directly after seeking replacement for six burnt meters in the area.The civic body has, however, termed the action as unwarranted. Shrinivas Kandul, PMC's superintendent engineer (Electrical) said, \"The MSEDCL has exaggerated the entire episode. The ward office concerned had tapped electricity directly under emergency clause. It was not possible to keep the streets in dark till the meters were replaced. The PMC is a public utility and it has every right to avail services of other government utilities. Every month the PMC pays average bills to the MSEDCL, even when it is not using power.\"He added that the PMC will pay average bill even in this case. \"As they have approached the police, we will plead our case. We are not at fault. We are ready to pay the average bill. The allegation of theft is unwarranted and the MSEDCL should have discussed the matter with the PMC,\" Kandul said.The distribution company official said that the Ghole Road ward office of the civic body submitted an application on August 11 seeking replacement of six meters at Shivaji housing society, Kusalkar chowk, Ashanagar, Pandav society, Yashodanagar and Gokhalenagar bakery. \"We sent the contracted agency, J C Kalal, to replace the meters on August 14. The agency officials found that the power supply was taken directly for the street lights, bypassing the meters. The deputy executive engineer of Ganeshkhind sub division office went to the spot, did a panchnama and seized the burnt meters,\" the official said.He said that after calculating the consumption of the streetlights, it was found that 15,881 units had been consumed. \"An offence was registered at the Mahavitaran police station in Rasta Peth under section 135 of the Electricity Act, 2003, against the PMC's executive and junior engineers at the Ghole Rroad ward office. The compounding fees in the case works out to Rs 5.76 lakh,\" he said.When asked why the case was filed so late, he said that it took time to calculate the electricity consumption and the amount of the compounding fee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16290025", "title": "PM's speech on wildlife changed thrice in a day", "text": "New Delhi: The official version of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's speech at the National Board of Wildlife ( NBWL) on Wednesday changed thrice in the space of one day. In a highly unusual sequence of events, the version of Singh's speech released by the PMO on its website on Wednesday was withdrawn on Thursday afternoon only to return in its original form by late evening. The flip-flop-flip is perhaps the first of its kind.The two versions do not deviate much in content but there are significant points of emphasis, with crafting of sentences indicating that a version put out in the public domain might have been a draft differing from the speech Singh delivered.The speech indicated that the government is in favour of allowing tourism in wildlife areas, stating, \"Proper utilization of natural resources by promotion and adoption of non-invasive livelihood options can go a long way in supporting socio-economic development of our forest dependent communities, including tribal populations.\"But in the version on the PMO website on Thursday afternoon, the emphasis on an inclusive approach - involving local people in management of wildlife - is missing. On the other hand, the paragraph in Wednesday's release that returned to the PMO website on Thursday evening read, \"Management of wildlife in such human dominated landscapes requires an 'inclusive' approach involving local people, who are primary stakeholders.\"When contacted, a PMO official said he was not aware of the altered speech. There is also no explanation for the original version of the speech being put back on the websites of the PMO and the Press Information Bureau on Thursday evening.The mix-up attracted attention as it comes at a time when there is an intense war of words over the Supreme Court order banning tourism in core areas of tiger reserves. The two versions are read as an indication of the internal debate in government on how eco-tourism should be guided and the move to review guidelines proposed by the Centre. With each line in the PM's speech on a matter subject to such intense lobbying being scanned, the changes in the official version puzzled officials and wildlife experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16292908", "title": "Delhi-Mumbai trunk route: A bridge too far from safe", "text": "INDORE: The Indian Railways may be going a bridge too far. Every day, thousands of passengers on Delhi-Mumbai trunk route are risking their lives travelling on trains barreling down the 120-year-old Bhairavgarh bridge (number 226) in Ratlam, declared \"distressed\" seven years ago. Railway engineers had certified it unsafe in 2003-04 and sought its immediate repair for it to sustain the pressure of at least 50 trains pounding down it daily, with the premium ones being Rajdhani, August Kranti, Golden Temple, Avantika, Durontos, and Sampark Kranti.On their part, railway officials say that ever since the bridge was declared \"distressed\", trains run at \"a controlled speed\" of 30 km per hour to ensure that the bridge doesn't keel over. Ideally, if any bridge is declared \"distressed\", it needs immediate attention. In case of an ageing one like the one at Bhairavgarh, a seven-year lag in repairs could amount to criminal negligence.The railway ministry sanctioned funds for its repair in 2011. \"There has been delay on part of the ministry in releasing funds for its repair,\" said a railway source on condition of anonymity.\"I have been raising the issue of the poor condition of railway bridges in Madhya Pradesh in the Lok Sabha , but there has been no encouraging response from the railway ministry,\" said Indore's BJP MP Sumitra Mahajan . She recently raised the issue of a dilapidated metre gauge bridge in which the driver of the engine had to reverse the train by a few kilometres when he noticed that the bridge he had to cross seemed unstable. Mahajan pointed out that there are many more such bridges across the state which need immediate attention and repair. \"Are we waiting for a tragedy?\" she asked.Divisional rail manager, Ratlam, Lokesh Narayan, on phone from Mumbai, told TOI that he would not be in a position to tell the cause for a delay of seven years in releasing funds for repair. \"But there's no risk for passengers as we have been passing trains over the bridge at a controlled speed of 30 km per hour,\" he said, adding that the condition is tested and verified by bridge engineers twice a year.About the delay in repair work, Narayan said there are three stages of technical aspects. \"Signaling, track-laying and filing work takes time. Contracts for the same have been awarded to begin work,\" he said, adding that before the work on the bridge begins, separate tracks are for diversion. \"We're confident of completing the work by this financial year,\" said Narayan.\"As per categorization of bridges under Ratlam division, the Bhairavgarh bridge is \"major\", more than 330 metres long,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "16292809", "title": "SAI set to take corrective steps at NSTC centres", "text": "Gumla: Sports Authority of India (SAI) has stepped in to take corrective measures with respect to its National Sports Talents Contestants (NSTC) Centres of both hockey and football, set up years ago, at the St Ignatius High School premises here. Sushil Kumar Verma, state coordinator and in-charge of Special Area Games (SAG) inspected both the centres and will submit a report to the SAI regional director S Bhatnagar soon.The issue of diet, regular coaching and kits, came up before him while he interacted with the boys, hockey coach, A Sharma and school principal Erentius Minz at both the centres.A football coach will soon be deputed for NSTC football which has been without a coach for the last two years. Both the centres were established in 1987.For the last two years, young players have not taken part in any tournament despite wining several competitions at the national school level, including the Nehru Hockey and All India Subrato Mukherjee Football Tournament. 1995 was a golden year for the boys of the hockey centre. They won the 13th sub junior Nehru Hockey, 24{+t}{+h} Junior Nehru Hockey, School National under 17 and Major Dhyanchand Hockey besides winning All India Sub- junior hockey Tournament in New Delhi and All India Rural Games in Lucknow in 1989 and other meets.The boys of the football centre emerged as the champions in the All India Subrato Mukherjee Football meet in 1990, besides other soccer tournaments in the past.While their shoes and sticks had been arranged by them, the boys of hockey centre told TOI that they'd want to be provided with better food and kits.\"There are several reasons for the present state of both the centres. Besides the current hockey coach not spending enough time on the field, fewer talents coming to the centres, lack of matches and tournament schedules have adversely affected the two sports,\" Minz said.Bhatnagar assured, \"Every step will be taken to promote sporting talents by strengthening both the centres. A football coach from Ranchi will be sent to the football centre at least twice a week.\" As far as the allocation of money for the per day diet of each boy is concerned, he said he had submitted a written plea for the present amount of Rs 75 to be raised further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16289121", "title": "RTO assures permanent number plate in 3 days", "text": "NAGPUR: If one believes city RTO S Shelke, people buying new vehicles in Nagpur city will get permanent registration numbers within three days and receive smart card registration certificate at their door step within a week. Right now they have to drive using temporary number plates for four to six weeks before permanent number is allotted.Shelke on Thursday met vehicle dealers in the city after the latter opposed RTO's drive of seizing vehicles plying with temporary registration number. As per rules, vehicle owners have to get RC or registration certificate after obtaining a temporary registration number that is valid only for taking the vehicle to up to RTO office. However, despite this hundreds of vehicles can be spotted without permanent registration number plates. Following complaints from city police, RTO started seizing such vehicles.In the meeting RTO directed the dealers to submit the documents with his office the day vehicle is booked and is ready for delivery. He assured that RTO will issue permanent numbers in three days and smart card will reach to owner's home by post in seven days. The RTO also asked dealers not to allow vehicles on roads without proper registration.While RTO officials say dealers submit the documents late, dealers say RTO is struggling to issue the RCs following a spurt in sale of vehicles. At present, the city witnesses sale of around 400 two-wheelers and 40 four-wheelers each working day. Sources said, RTO does not have infrastructure in place to issue numbers to them immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "jaipur/ajmer/bikaner", "code": "16290487", "title": "Medical services hampered again", "text": "JAIPUR/AJMER/BIKANER: Medical services at Sawai Man Singh hospital and five other medical colleges of the state were crippled after resident doctors went on mass leave on Thursday. It was the first day of mass leave when over 3,000 resident doctors in all the six medical colleges, including Jaipur, Kota, Udaipur, Jodhpur, Bikaner and Ajmer went on mass leave.The outdoor patient department (OPD) and indoor patient department (IPD) remained affected. But, the hospital administration claimed that the medical services remained unaffected as they had made alternate arrangement. Also, some operations and surgeries which were scheduled for Thursday were postponed.The effect of mass leave was quite evident in patients' admission at SMS hospital. Normally, around 200 patients are admitted to the wards through OPD but on Thursday around 105 patients were admitted . In Ajmer, patients admitted in different wards of JLN Hospital suffered as 200 resident doctors went on an indefinite mass leave. The administration called 17 doctors from the state health and medical department to control the situation in ICU and emergency to ensure smooth functioning of medical services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289300", "title": "No more adjournments in 2G case: Trial court", "text": "New Delhi: A special CBI court on Thursday said it would not adjourn or defer proceedings in the 2G spectrum allocation scam case any more on plea by any accused person, including former telecom minister A Raja.The court's remark came in the wake of recent adjournments of proceedings on pleas by Raja and others as they were not ready to cross-examine various witnesses after depositions by them.The court had on Wednesday taken strong exception to Raja's refusal to cross-examine a CBI witness and had asked all the accused not to \"create unfriendly conditions\" in court.\"You all (accused) note this down that I will not defer or adjourn the matter on anybody's request. If any accused is not prepared or ready to cross-examine the witness, then the other one should be ready on that day,\" special CBI judge O P Saini said.During the hearing, the court asked Raja whether he would start cross-examining key CBI witness A K Srivastava, a former deputy director general in the department of telecom (DoT) from September 10, the date fixed by it after the DMK MP had sought time to commence Srivastava's cross-examination.Raja answered in the affirmative, saying he would be ready for the cross-examination from September 10.The judge was annoyed on Wednesday when Raja pleaded that the proceedings be deferred as he did not want to cross-examine prosecution witness and erstwhile DoT member (services) G S Grover at this stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16292723", "title": "JAC felicitates 95 students", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand Academic Council (JAC) on Thursday felicitated 95 students for academic excellence in matriculation and Intermediate examinations held in 2011 and 2012.Among the 95 students, 32 are students of matriculation, all streams of Intermediate, Madrassa and Sanskrit boards of both the years who received gold medal and cash award of Rs 5000 each.As many as 10 students who secured second position in Intermediate examination in various streams were given cash award of Rs 4000 and a silver medal each while nine students received Rs 3000 and a bronze medal each for getting the third position in Intermediate examination. Special awards of Rs 5000 and gold medal were given to the eight toppers, among girls, in the state. Also 32 toppers in SC/ST categories were awarded at the function. Awards were given to five visually-impaired students who scored well in the examination.JAC chairperson, Laxmi Singh said the students were felicitated in an effort to encourage education and assure better scoring of marks by them. Principals of four schools whose students performed well in the examinations were also given Rs 25,000 each and a certificate of excellence.Governor Syed Ahmed, who was the chief guest of the award ceremony, said, \"Such felicitation gives a moral boost to the students. The students who received awards should know that this is not the last examination of life and they should keep doing better in future. Those who did not get any award should try harder to achieve it.\"Anjali Kumari, matric topper of the state, said, \"I am really happy that I got the prize from the governor himself. I will definitely keep working hard and achieve the same position in coming examinations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "16289553", "title": "Electronic-auction for tobacco trade", "text": "GUNTUR: Electronic auction system (e-auction) will be introduced in tobacco trade from the next season. Stating that the system would enhance transparency, Tobacco Board chairman G Kamalavardhan Rao said e-auctions would help farmers get good prices.Rao said the entire stock produced during the last crop season in the state was transacted as farmers stuck to the fixed production size. He added that sales were completed by Tuesday in which 162.70 million kgs were purchased by traders.\"Farmers produced 162.70 million kgs as against the authorisation of 162 million kgs. The discipline of farmers had helped them in fetching reasonable prices,\" he observed.The Tobacco Board chief said that the board had fixed a crop size of 170 million kg for the next season and appealed to farmers not to be misled by traders to produce more. Rao said chances of resumption of exports to China were high keeping in view the positive response from that country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16289298", "title": "Water department moots gate for weir under Holkar bridge", "text": "NASHIK: The water resource department (WRD) has proposed the construction of a gate at the weir under Ahilyadevi Holkar Bridge to control the flow of water from Godavari river.At a meeting at the district collectorate on Thursday to plan arrangements for the next Kumbh mela, officials of the department proposed constructing a weir under the Holkar Bridge, upstream of Ram-kund, from the Kumbh mela funds, to facilitate controlled discharge of water from the river to ensure that the people bathing in the river are protected from flash floods.Recalling the last Kumbh mela, engineers said that the river had witnessed flash floods just days prior to Shahi Snan, when lakhs of people are present on the banks of the river which passes through narrow and congested areas.\"The flow of water can only be regulated at the Gangapur dam as of now. Construction of gates at this point will help in clearing the water upstream before any gathering and also allowing slow discharge of water. In case of flash floods or heavy rains, the gates could be moved so that the people are not affected,\" an engineer said.Besides, the gate will also help in cleaning activities at Ram-kund\u2014 in de-silting and the flowing away of water hyacinths, he added.At present, the silt deposit upstream is affecting the flow and the storage of water. The WRD has also proposed the deepening of the area to increase the storage capacity, which can be utilized as and when required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16289328", "title": "Doctors strike work on pay cut", "text": "NOIDA: Twenty-two doctors at the Gautam Budh Nagar district hospital boycotted work on Thursday morning to protest deduction of 3 days of their salary by the deputy CEO of Noida Authority. Nearly 600 patients who visited the hospital suffered due to the doctor's absenteeism from their duties. However, the matter was resolved and the doctors resumed their duties by late afternoon when the members of the State Medical Services - the body which struck work - held emergency meetings to discuss the issue and decide on their next move. Fearing grave repercussions, the DCEO also met protesting doctors to settle the matter.According to doctors of the district hospital, the DCEO, Karan Singh Chauhan, arrived unannounced around 9.30am and, besides inspecting the hospital premises, also called for the attendance register of employees and doctors. \"There were some wrong entries and some doctors on outdoor duty had not signed in their attendance,\" said Dr RMP Mishra, additional CMO. Annoyed at the 'dereliction' of duty of the doctors, the DCEO then proceeded to write a remark in the attendance register which said that 3 days salary of September 5, 6 and 7 would be deducted of those doctors who had not signed their attendance.The DCEO's orders included all doctors on deputation and on outdoor duty. The Authority official also said that besides a cut in salary, the 'absent' doctors on deputation would face cancellation of their deputation orders. According to district hospital doctors, the official was also rude to some of the medical personnel during his visit. Doctors said that this was the second consecutive visit of the DCEO. The DCEO had pulled up several staff members for laxity and being absent even on Wednesday.Spokesperson of the State Medical Services, Dr PK Jha, said that they then held a meeting around 11.30am to discuss the matter and chalk out their strategy. \"After examining all aspects, we decided to go on a strike, but the DCEO soon returned and decided to resolve the issue,\" Jha said.Around 2pm, after marathon meetings between the doctors and the DCEO, the matter was resolved and everyone went back to their duties. The DCEO remained unreachable for comment despite repeated attempts.However, the temporary boycott by the doctors hit medical services at the district hospital. It was a day of great inconvenience for patients. Routine functioning of the hospital was disrupted between 9.30am and 2.30pm. Hundreds of patients who had come to seek medical assistance had to endlessly wait for doctors to resume their duty, while many went away without getting medical care.\"The hospital records nearly 2,200-2,300 old and new patients in the OPD daily, which functions between 8am and 2pm. A strike or boycott by doctors and staff plays havoc with the medical services. Even today, nearly 500 patients had to return without being attended to,\" said a hospital official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16291330", "title": "Millennium Gurgaon reigns in realty world", "text": "From being just a suburb on the outskirts of Delhi to the miraculous 'Millennium City' , Gurgaon is today regarded as a city of opportunities and investments in India. Prabhakar Sinha writesGURGAON: Gurgaon houses a large number of Fortune 500 companies, making it a financial, outsourcing and commercial hub. This exponential growth in its commercial and industrial profile has led to an ever increasing demand for worldstandard housing, gated communities and apartment complexes, cutting across all segments of income level.The burgeoning demand and the robust nature of development, especially residential, have fuelled the need for a dynamic exercise on its master plan. The Gurgaon Master Plan-2021, unveiled by the government in 2007, was a step in that direction.The major infrastructural projects unveiled in the master plan were the Southern Peripheral Road (SPR) and the Northern Peripheral Road (NPR); the focus of the master plan is on the development of new sectors, which are collectively labelled as New Gurgaon today. With locations like Golf Course Road and the MG Road getting saturated, developers are now focusing their attention on the next big destination in Gurgaon, the Southern Peripheral Road.Under the new Gurgaon-Manesar Master Plan 2021, the availability of land for development and avenues for new growth corridors has opened up.The new master plan allocates 14,930 hectares of land for residential use; this is good enough for over 58 new sectors. Most of the new developments are taking place in these sectors.Records show that 35% of the proposed residential land is under the process of licensing. The major new growth corridors in Gurgaon include the extended Golf Course Road, Sohna Road, Pataudi Road, Manesar, and Jaipur Highway, complemented by a concentrated growth in Bhiwadi and Dharuhera. The sectors of New Gurgaon like 37, 37D, 80, 81, 82, 85, 86, 90, 92, 93, 95, and 99 around the NH-8 are registering a tremendous response. Developers like DLF , Unitech, MGF EMAAR, Chintels, Ansal, Orris, Antriksh, Assotech, Raheja Developers, CHD, etc, have major projects that are riding the real estate market.The Southern Peripheral Road is a 150-meter-wide road, which will connect Golf Course Extension Road with NH-8, and also has a proposed Metro connectivity in the pipeline. It is expected to decongest central Gurgaon and boost connectivity with Delhi. It is also close to the established residential, retail and commercial developments on Sohna Road. The advantage of its rapid connectivity to the rest of the city is the main reason for the rapid price appreciation in this part of Gurgaon. It is also regarded as the next high-potential destination for realty investment.There is a surge in quality living spaces along the SPR with projects like South Park and Nirvana Country 2 by Unitech. South Park has spacious 2- and 3BHK apartments set amidst serene environs. Modern design and world-class facilities makes it one of the most desirable places to stay. The apartment prices start from Rs 79 lakh. Nirvana Country 2 is an integrated 100 acre township with a combination of villas, plots and apartments.With modern-living options and excellent connectivity, SPR is all set to become the next big realty destination in Gurgaon.At the same time, the area is getting huge impetus with Sohna Road emerging as one of the fastest growing stretches in the real estate sector in Gurgaon. The place is being mentioned as the city's next big site for commercial and residential developments in the next few years, as some of the biggest names in the real estate business have begun their projects in this part of the millennium city.Some top national and international names in the real estate business have brought projects to the area, like Unitech's Unitech Harmony, CHD Developers' Avenue 71, Raheja's Aranya City, Omaxe's wedding mall, Vipul Group's Vipul Greens, Shantikunj opposite Maruti Kunj, Today Homes's Today Royal Elegancia, Spaze Privy AT4, Eros Group's Wembley Estate, Jasmine Tower, etc.Unitech's Unitech Harmony is in Sector 50 in Nirvana Country offers 2-, 3-and 4BHK apartments ranging between 1,724 sq ft and 3,331 sq ft. The project is over 10 acres with more than 400 houses and comes with a swimming pool, a kids' pool, a well-equipped gymnasium, squash courts, and power backup system. Harmony has been designed by Mani Chowfla Architects.Unitech has another housing project, South Park, in Sector 70 alongside Gurgaon-Sohna Road. South Park offers nice accommodation options with fully airconditioned 2- and 3BHK apartments. The ground-plus-14-storey building overlooks a sprawling green landscape and natural surroundings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16294804", "title": "Rajini loved Sudigaadu", "text": "The latest buzz in tinsel town is that Superstar Rajinikanth appreciated the Telugu remake of Tamizh Padam, Sudigaadu which has Allari Naresh in the lead.The film, which has Bheemineni Srinivas handling the direction has been declared a hit in Andhra Pradesh and is doing a fairly decent business in Tamil Nadu as well.Rajinikanth had recently expressed his happiness over Naan E , which had Kannada superstar Kichcha Sudeep in the lead. The filmmakers had organized a special show for the Superstar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16290742", "title": "On poll eve, supporters miss frenzied activity", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was all quiet in city colleges as well as Panjab University campus on Thursday as campaigning came to a halt, a day before PU student council and college student union elections.Apart from the candidates and key campaigners, large crowds of workers of various student bodies have been working tirelessly. The student activists besides canvassing, have also been busy making hand-made posters, wristbands and other accessories with the names of student bodies they are supporting emblazoned on these. And on Thursday, they missed all the mad activity.\"I had got used to campaigning -- all my friends yelling on top of their voices -- asking for votes and now I am missing it all,\" said Tejaswini Attrey, a student of Panjab University.Instead of taking out rallies, many supporters of student bodies chilled out back home and hoped for the best for their 'parties.' The family members of various candidates were also busy offering prayers for the success of their children.\"We did our part, now we can just hope for the best and pray that students vote for the most deserving candidate,\" said Madhvie, a BA-III student, who is a supporter of Parul Singh, a candidate for the post of president at MCM DAV College, Sector 36.\"Though no rallies are being held, informal campaigning is still going on,\" said Alam Bains, a student of DAV College, Sector 10.\"Though there is silence on the campus roads, it's temporary, as just in a some hours time, there will be a 'mob' out there,\" said Tashi, a Panjab University student.Guri Chhabra, a student of SD College, Sector 32 said, \"The past one month was all about hard work, making posters, taking out rallies, even as girls painted the names of student bodies they support on their nails, while others sported names of the 'party' of their choice on their T-shirts. It was fun working as a team. We will miss that.\"Jagriti Lamba, another student, who is a supporter of ABVP said, \"The student bodies have done their best in spreading their ideologies, now it is in the hands of the students to choose their leader,\" while adding, \"I went to the temple in the morning to pray for the victory of my party.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16290056", "title": "Cop, mediator held for taking, 5lakh bribe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The CBI has arrested two persons including sub-inspector and a mediator, for accepting a bribe of Rs 5 lakh from a Ludhiana resident on Wednesday night.The mediator S N Aneja, a former State Bank of India (SBI) employee, who is a resident of Swastik Vihar in Panchkula, was caught accepting the bribe on behalf of SI Naveen Kumar Sharma and was arrested from near his house. The accused SI who was with Aneja managed to escape in his Innova. He was later apprehended by the Panchkula police in the early hours of Thursday.The SI was attached with the economic offences wing (EOW) of the Chandigarh police. Both the accused were produced in the special court of CBI judge and sent to five days police custody on Thursday.CBI officials claimed in court that they would also probe any involvement of senior officials including an IPS officer during the police custody of the two. CBI also recovered a cash amount of Rs 9 lakh and 41 liquor bottles from the residence of SI Sharma in police colony, Sector 46, during a search. The bribe was allegedly demanded for not opposing the bail application against non-bailable warrants (NBWs), issued against Gurveer Shergill, wife of Sukhbir Singh Shergill, the CBI complainant, in the district courts, Sector 17. The hearing against Gurveer's NBWs was scheduled for September 6.According to complainant Sukhbir Singh, SI Sharma was demanding a bribe of Rs 10 lakh through middleman Aneja for helping Shergill's wife to get bail and a deal was struck for Rs 5 lakh.Sukhbir Singh and his wife Gurveer were booked for forgery and cheating following the complaint of one Raman Uppal, director of M/s ICRMS, a Delhi based company on April 19. The case was being investigated by SI Naveen Kumar Sharma. CBI sources said SI Sharma had given Aneja's reference to Shergill and the latter had contacted Aneja, who had allegedly demanded the bribe on behalf of Sharma from him. It is the first time when the CBI has arrested a Chandigarh cop for demanding a huge bribe of Rs 10 lakh and accepting Rs 5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16290646", "title": "Banerjee conferred with highest award for teachers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Bhavan Vidyalaya, Sector 15, Panchkula beamed with immense pride when its founder Principal Shashi Banerjee, was conferred the highest award for a teacher, \"The National Award\" by Ministry of Human Resource Development. She was felicitated on Teachers' Day by the honourable President of India, Pranab Mukherjee in a glittering award ceremony held at Vigyan Bhavan, New Delhi. To confer this award, every year this function is organized by the HRD Ministry's Department of School Education &amp; Literacy. Shashi Banerjee is a name synonymous with utmost dedication, devotion and perfection. Her exemplary leadership, charisma and magical aura is the force behind the achievements &amp; accomplishments of Bhavan, Panchkula. She has nurtured the institution right from its nascent stage to the great heights it has scaled. This is evident from innumerable accolades and acclaims that have been bestowed on its guiding spirit Shashi Banerjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16291121", "title": "Haryana Lokayukta proposes 'model' bill, submits report to governor", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Finding no hope in the formulation of a Lokpal Bill for states at national level, Haryana Lokayukta has proposed a \"model\" bill, which, according to him, \"would be number one act in the country.\"\"In the given scenario, the same (Lokpal Bill) is not likely to see the light of the day. It is therefore desirable to carry out the amendments suggested by me at the earliest, to eradicate corruption from the state,\" Haryana Lokayukta Justice Pritam Pal said. These recommendations, containing a list of requisite amendments in the Lokayukta Act, have been submitted to the governor in a consolidated report on the administration of Haryana Lokayukta.Justice Pritam Pal has suggested inclusion of eight new provisions in his \"model\", by making necessary amendments in the existing Haryana Lokayukta Act, 2002. His proposed act is a mixer of provisions derived from Lokayukta acts applicable in the states of Kerala, Karnataka, Himachal Pradesh , Rajasthan, Delhi, Madhya Pradesh and Maharastra.Justice Pal has proposed to empower the Lokayukta with the power of contempt of court for disobeying his orders and to take suo motu cognizance of corruption reports published in media. He has also proposed inclusion of special provision for \"whistleblowers\", to whom the Lokayukta can provide protection from victimization for providing information confidentially about corruption cases.For the complete independence of the institution of Lokayukta, he has also proposed powers to destroy the records after three years of its disposal, five years limitation period to hear the complaints and to appoint own staff and better perks and consequential benefits for them.In its report, the Lokayukta also expressed his grouse against the non-compliance of orders by officers of various departments against whom directions were made or replies sought by him. The Haryana Lokayukta has been expressing his views about the \"toothless\" institution and for the first time, he has given a draft bill before the governor for amendments.Wait and watchHowever, reacting to the proposed amendments suggested by Justice Pritam Pal in Lokayukta Act, Chief Secretary, Haryana, P K Chaudhary reiterated that state has decided to wait and kept the matter pending till the time the Centre formulates the Lokpal/Lokayukta Act at national level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16289769", "title": "Another blackout averted", "text": "KOLKATA: Heavy downpour bailed Kolkata and rest of the state out of a tricky situation on Thursday evening when a snag in a power station triggered a series of faults that could have escalated into a major crisis but for the low demand. For a brief while, CESC's system that generates and distributes power to Kolkata and its suburbs was cut off from the rest of the state, leading to a power shortfall. The situation was, however, rectified soon as both state-run units WBPDCL and WBSEDCL, as well as CESC, acted promptly.At 5.55pm on Thursday, four units at the Kolaghat thermal power plant tripped at one go after a BUS fault was detected. Though capable of generating 480 mw, the units were generating 350 mw at that time as power demand in the state hovered around 4,000 mw against a requirement of 6,000 mw during peak summer.As soon as the WBPDCL units tripped, connections to WBSEDCL sub-stations at Kolaghat, Haldia and Howrah snapped. With the CESC network suddenly burdened with WBSEDCL's Howrah sub-station load, two of its units of 67.5 mw each at Southern power plant tripped as well. The sub-station at Belur also developed a snag.These, coupled with WBSEDCL supply disconnection, led to a shortfall of 300 mw. While CESC resorted to load shedding in different parts of the city to manage the load, engineers from both utilities rushed to restore the faults before it catapulted into a crisis.According to WBSEDCL, the BUS fault was rectified within 15-20 minutes, followed by reconnection of the substations and the first of the four units at Kolaghat restored within an hour. The others, too, were fired up subsequently. But since it would take at least four-five hours for the units to generate power full-throttle, the Purulia Pump Storage Unit was pressed into service to meet the deficit.At CESC, the two Southern units were back to generation within an hour-and-a-half and were synchronised at the Howrah point. Essential services were restored in 15 minutes and shedding was down to 160 MW by 7pm. However, a snag at its Belur import point led to blackout in the locality. Though WBSEDCL was in a position to supply 485 MW, CESC could take only 310 MW due to the problem at Belur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi/pune", "code": "16290105", "title": "August rally, September rains may see monsoon lose its deficit tag", "text": "New Delhi/Pune: Spurred by late rally and predictions of good showers till September 10, the monsoon on Thursday emerged out of the \"deficit\" category with the over all shortfall at 9% of the long period average (LPA). This means that over all rainfall currently is more than 90% of the LPA for the season.If the current rain pattern holds, the monsoon season can end with rainfall beating the deficit categorization. After August recorded close to 100% LPA rainfall, fears of El Nino impacting September rains are receding and the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) is finally upbeat about this year's monsoon.There are no signs of withdrawal of the southwest monsoon yet as good monsoon conditions prevail in the northwest and the central parts of the country. \"The withdrawal won't happen quickly and may be delayed by a week,\" an official from the IMD's weather forecasting section said.Officials say that with good rain expected over most parts of the country over the next week or so, the overall deficiency at the end of the season should not be more than 10%.\"We predicted 96% LPA rain for August with an error margin of 9%. The month's rains came as a relief. There were expectations of the September rain being affected by El Nino conditions. These conditions are yet to develop in a way that they would affect the southwest monsoon,\" said IMD director general L S Rathore.With the El Nino threat failing to materialize, September is also expected to see better rain than earlier anticipated, Rathore said.Between August 30 and September 5, the country recorded 63.8 mm rainfall, which was 31% in excess of the normal of 48.9 mm for the week.The damage done to sowing of coarse grains in June-July is not likely to be undone, but rice sowing is almost at par. The current rains should be beneficial to the standing crop as well although the regional distribution of rainfall will count as much as the cumulative precipitation.With heavy showers in Rajasthan over the past week, northwest India is no longer the driest part of the country. Its shortfall till Tuesday was just 14%, marginally ahead of east and northeast India which are facing a deficiency of 15%.Saurashtra and Kutch remain the driest regions with a deficiency of 65%, followed by Punjab with a deficiency of 56%. Gujarat and the Haryana, Chandigarh and Delhi region are deficient by 42% each.\"The normal date of the start of monsoon withdrawal is September 1 and by September 15, the monsoon should have withdrawn from parts of Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan and Gujarat,\" said a Met official.Till September 7, heavy, widespread rain is expected over the west coast, Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Rajasthan, Gujarat, interior Maharashtra, Karnataka, central India, western Himalayan region, north-eastern states, sub-Himalayan West Bengal and Sikkim, Punjab and Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16295132", "title": "Watching TV re-runs increases self-control", "text": "Watching re-runs of old TV shows can increase your self control, researchers say .Psychologists have long believed that people who have limited amounts of impulse control are more likely to give in to temptation later.In order to stop this from happening and to restore a sense of self-control, we need to boost ourselves and be in a good mood, which is where re-watching your favourite TV shows works.According to psychologists, we think of these characters as friends or family.In the study conducted by researchers from the University of Buffalo, the results showed that people found it easier to maintain their self-control if they had also been asked to describe a favourite television show during experiments.The participants took part in essay writing and word association experiments.Jaye Derrick described watching reruns as providing 'social surrogate restoration'.In her article Derrick said that while watching TV is not the optimal way to boost your mood as physical exercise and reading can have the same effect, it should not be dismissed.She concluded that media use can have unexpected psychological benefits.\"Television, movies and books can be more than leisure activities; in some cases, they fulfil needs, like restoring self-control, that people are reluctant or unable to fulfill through other means,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying.The study has been published in Social Psychological and Personality Science .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16295139", "title": "Deepali Pansare quits Iss Pyaar Ko", "text": "Here comes a shocker for all our readers! Deepali Pansare a.k.a Payal of Star Plus's most celebrated series Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon, has quit the show and is now serving the notice period.Yes, you heard it correct! Deepali, who has been exploring acting through various shows and characters, has finally dropped her papers on 31st of August, 2012.An insider from the sets informs that the actress was on the verge to leave the show much earlier but things didn't work out well and she had to stay back on the show.When we contacted Deepali Pansare, she confirmed the news by stating, \"That's true, I have quit the show and I am serving my one month's notice period. It's definitely not an impulsive decision. I have thought over it again and again because I know leaving a good production house, a huge channel and the best show is not easy.\"She goes on, \"On the other hand, I have to explore new characters and opportunities too. I will also like to thank the production house: Gul, Rajesh Chaddha and Nissa for giving me such a lovely role.\"Wish you a best luck for your projects, Deepali!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289304", "title": "Security beefed up in HC before blast anniversary", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day before the first anniversary of the Delhi high court blast that had left 15 people dead, security was tightened within and outside the HC complex.Increased number of policemen patrolled the entry gates where litigants enter the court complex to pursue their cases. Sources said Friday would also witness many plain-clothes security men in the complex to ward off any untoward incident.The HC bar association has planned a blood donation camp while some of the victims will hold a silent prayer at the site of the reception at Gate number 5 that bore the maximum brunt of the blast.While authorities are taking no chances to ensure Friday passes off free of any incident, advocate Gaurav Bansal, whose PIL resulted in HC enhancing compensation for the blast victims, feels there is much that the government needs to do to bring succour to the victims.\"Had it not been for the intervention of the high court, these victims would have shared the fate of the Sarojini Nagar serial blast victims who are yet to receive the promised amount. The judges passed firm orders and at least now the victims and their kin will get more money immediately,\" Bansal concedes.However, he adds, money from central schemes is yet to reach the victims or their survivors. \"Not many know that just 10 days after the blasts, HC had passed a very strong order asking the home ministry to ensure protection of the children of the victims by giving them all help from the National Foundation for Communal Harmony. But families come and tell me neither has anyone from the MHA come to them nor have they received any aid,\" Bansal laments, adding that he has exhorted them to approach the ministry for their due.The lawyer is likely to soon move HC again, reminding it that the children of the victims are yet to receive promised compensation.Expressing the confidence of the Bar in the security arrangements, HC bar association president A S Chandhiok said that greater monitoring and vigil will be required with the expansion of the complex. Though 33 CCTVs are now monitoring the court's perimeter and inner compound, Chandhiok said, side lanes approaching the complex need to be manned better.\"Since everything has been computerized, less time is wasted in issuing a gate pass. But the Bar wants the entry to be bifurcated so that those entering the main court come through a dedicated gate while those coming to meet their lawyers use a different gate. The newly unveiled underground parking also needs more security measures and we are working towards it,\" Chandhiok, an additional solicitor general for the government, said.The trial in the case is yet to start. Just two days ago, the court framed charges against Wasim Akram Malik, a key accused. It, however, dropped the stringent charges of 'waging war against the nation' against him, saying NIA's plea in this respect was \"devoid of merit\".NIA had filed the chargesheet against six accused, including three arrested accused Malik, Dev and a minor, besides three others - Amir Kamal, Junaid Akram Malik and Shakir Hussain Seikh alias Chhota Hafiz, who are suspected members of the banned terror outfit Hizb-ul Mujahideen and evading arrest. The minor's case is being adjudicated separately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16295989", "title": "I enjoyed Mogudu the most: Taapsee", "text": "Taapsee is the one actress, who has made her mark in Tollywood within a short span of time. Just two-and-a-half-years old in the industry now, but with more than 10 releases, apart from half a dozen projects in her kitty, the actress is hot property in the Southern film industry. And now, she is all set for the release of her Bollywood debut.Taapsee, who is back from a hectic shooting schedule at Leh and Ladakh for her next movie with actor Gopichand. In fact, she reveals, \"My first film with Gopichand, Mogudu, still remains the movie that I enjoyed doing the most in my career. I learnt a lot as an actor from director Krishna Vamsi.\" The actress is also set for the release of Gundello Godari and Shadow, in which she plays the female lead opposite Venkatesh. Apart from these projects, she also has a couple of Tamil films in hand. Buzz has it that she is all set to do a Puri Jagannath film soon. \"I have not yet signed the film,\" she however, clarifies.Ask Taapsee if her sister, Shagun, whose photographs are busy creating a buzz online, also plans to start her filmi career and she, says, \"No, she is not interested in acting. She just wants to be a model.\"Taapsee is all set to join the sets of Ajith's film to be directed by Vishnuvardhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16293742", "title": "Jyoti Gram\u2019s dark side: Power thefts on rise", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: After winning accolades from all quarters for being the first state in the country to supply 24x7 three-phase domestic rural power supply under Jyoti Gram scheme, a disturbing trend is starting to surface in Gujarat.Top Sachivalaya insiders have told TOI that most of the power theft, which was previously taking place in agriculture sector, has shifted to Jyoti Gram. \"Transmission and distribution (T&D;) loss, which is mainly due to power theft, has reached a whopping 52 per cent this year under Jyoti Gram. It is six per cent higher than what it was a year ago,\" a top official said.Comparative figures show, power utilization under Jyoti Gram has risen over the last four years by around 40 per cent. \"It rose by 17 per cent, from 8,740 million units (MUs) in 2010-11 to 10,600MUs in 2011-12,\" a bureaucrat said. \"While it is possible to cite such reasons like a sudden rise in the use of more electrical appliances for domestic use, ranging from wheat grinding machines to refrigerators and televisions, things are not so simple as they seem. Power theft in rural areas has become common, and political exigency is coming in the way of stopping it,\" he said.Power theft in Jyoti Gram - which utilizes 15 per cent of all power produced in Gujarat - is the highest in Saurashtra-Kutch region, fluctuating between 60 and 70 per cent. \"In north Gujarat, it is the lowest, around 25 per cent, while in south these are in the range of 30 per cent,\" said an official, adding, \"It has been found that in several areas villagers avoid paying power bills, and officials are helpless and refuse to snap connections. In nearly 30 per cent of cases, domestic users do not pay bills, often taking electricity from low tension (LT) wires which bring power to the villages.\"Giving specific instances, a source said that in Dholka area of Ahmedabad, the T&D; losses under Jyoti Gram are as high as 70 to 75 per cent. \"The situation is the same in rural pockets of Viramgam and Vataman,\" the source said, adding, \"At places, where water tables are high, farmers sink up to three horse power motors to irrigate their fields, directly hooking the naked wires to LT Jyoti Gram lines. These motors are used round-the-clock and can be easily transported making it impossible to detect the theft.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16293152", "title": "Air India's first Dreamliner Boeing to touch down at IGI on Saturday", "text": "MANGALORE: Air India's first Boeing 787 Dreamliner will touch down at Delhi's IGI Airport, Terminal-3 on September 8.The Boeing 787 Dreamliner was handed over to Air India at Charleston, USA and the aircraft was received by Capt Soman and Capt Amitabh Sigh on behalf of the airline on Thursday.The 256-seater Boeing 787 Dreamliner is the first of the 27 B-787 Dreamliners ordered by Air India. The order also reaffirmed an over six-decade-long relationship with aircraft manufacturer Boeing Co.Dreamliner- the next generation flying machine is the ultimate in terms of passenger comfort- offering an unparalleled feeling of spaciousness inside the aircraft with roomier cabins and higher head clearance. This state-of-the-art aircraft is configured to accommodate 256 seats, - 18 full flat Business Class seats, with flat-bed recline and 238 Economy Class seats.The In-Flight Entertainment system (Top Series i8000) is supplied by M/s Thales - USA. The system, with large LCD display screens, designed to provide advanced features and enhancements to the passengers. It is built upon the latest generation industry standards for network architecture and technology to provide passengers with audio, video, games, entertainment and communications features better than the latest in-home capabilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16291525", "title": "Pondicherry University limits access to Facebook, YouTube", "text": "CHENNAI: At a time when various organisations are trying different means to impose internet censorship, a ban by Pondicherry University on access to Facebook and YouTube on its campus network, imposed on September 1, has irked faculty and research scholars. Facing protests, the authorities later relaxed the ban a bit and allowed access to the sites in three different limited slots daily. The restrictions came after hate pages and discussion threads were created by students against university authorities , sources said. A senior university official said professors and students in the humanities and arts departments , whose study areas largely depend on these sites, were mainly affected. \"We received a complaint from research scholars and faculty to unblock the sites. Though we have allowed some access to the sites, a huge traffic for a short duration puts the servers down,\" he said. While vice-chancellor JAK Tareen refused to comment, such censor techniques are not new here. Two of the three network servers used by the student community have restricted sites that demand age verification. Data download and Gmail chat are also blocked on these networks. Professors and students engaged in research projects in communication, anthropology, social exclusion and policy, philosophy , media ethics and political science areas are worried. \"We depended on Facebook groups and pages to interact with students and subject experts from other universities. The authorities can easily restrict the misuse of the network by introducing download limits or similar methods,\" said a senior faculty member. Facebook and social relations , internet and social mobilisation , internet usage and adolescents , film analysis, online advertisements and video games, health communication and political communication are some of the ongoing research projects affected by the censorship, said a petition filed by a coordination of scholars. While university sources claim the restrictions are to improve the data speed of the campus network, students see it as a measure to stop critical interactions online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16289425", "title": "Fans protest pulling out Balayya's movie", "text": "HYDERABAD: Furious fans of actor Balakrishna staged a demonstration in front of a theatre in Kukatpally on Thursday for screening Nagarjuna-starrer new release 'Shirdi Sai' instead of their favourite star's 'Srimannarayana.' The issue was not really about Balakrishna-Nagarjuna fans' fight but the problem faced by the Telugu film industry due to non-availability of theatres.'Shirdi Sai' was released at a large number of theatres on Thursday and 'Srimannarayana' which was released on August 30 was pulled out of Arjun theatre, where it had been running. Balakrishna fans were joined by 'Srimannarayana' producer Ramesh Puppala and director Ravi Chavali to protest against the theatre management. Police took them into custody and shifted them to Kukatpally police station. \"On the day when 'Srimanarayana' was released we had put up the posters of 'Shirdi Sai' also, advertising that the film would be released on September 6. This was because we had already entered into an agreement to screen the movie in our theatre,\" Arjun theatre manager Nagi Reddy said.Though this was explained to Balakrishna's fans, it was not palatable to them. Their contention was that since 'Srimanarayana' was reportedly having good collections, the movie should have been allowed to run. They were not ready to accept the explanation given by the theatre management, who said they had signed an agreement with the 'Shirdi Sai' film makers to screen the movie from September 6.Refusing to give up on their demand, 'Srimannarayana' producer Ramesh Puppala approached the A P Film Chamber of Commerce. Scores of fans of Balakrishna also gathered at the film chamber.Film chamber president Tammareddy Bharadwaja said it was no surprise that a big star's film was pulled out to screen a new release. \"This has been happening to most of the small budget films, which either did not get theatres for release or had to be pulled out because of a big budget movie or a big hero movie. Today, the very thing has happened to a big hero film. It is a genuine problem and we are looking for a solution,\" Bharadwaja told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16288125", "title": "Cops drive home terror point", "text": "BANGALORE: Landlords renting out their premises for residential or commercial purposes need to watch out. The City police have decided to implement seriously the tenant registration process and are expecting the landlords to come forward and share the information with jurisdictional police.Their decision comes in the wake of last week's busting of a terror module in the city where six suspects were found holed up in a rented accommodation in Munireddy Palya here.Though the tenant registration process was unveiled a few years back, it had not made much progress. City police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji claimed that a few police stations had partially completed a survey to register tenants, both in commercial buildings and residential quarters of their jurisdictional areas.\"We have to keep a watch over strangers coming into the city and residing here and know their antecedents. But it is the landlords who have to come forward with information in this regard,\" Mirji told ToI.Agreeing that the programme had not been implemented successfully, the commissioner asserted: \"We will go ahead with full steam from now.\"Another top police officer told TOI on condition of anonymity: \"We know that the officers posted at the police station level never took interest in the project. The plan was getting postponed since 2008, though some police stations maintain the tenant verification forms.\"He said tenant verification will be given priority and a special drive will soon be launched to get all landlords do the needful in this regard.\"The city police are clueless on the exact number of migrants in the city. We were shocked when over 30,000 people of northeast origin fled the city soon after they allegedly received threats last month. There may be several more migrants who are staying in the city without any valid identity proof. We want to cover them all under our tenant verification drive. This will be good for police and migrants as well. It may even help us prevent any type of exodus like that of August 15,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16289194", "title": "HCBA passes resolution against consumer forum chief", "text": "NAGPUR: The High Court Bar Association (HCBA) has passed a strongly worded resolution in its general body meeting on Thursday condemning the alleged rude behaviour of the presiding officer SM Shembole at the State Commission of Consumer Dispute Redressal, Circuit Bench at Nagpur.About 65 lawyers had earlier moved an application in this regard, requesting the HCBA office-bearers to move a resolution against the officer. According to them, Shembole humiliates them in his courts and allegedly threatens to slap contempt cases against them.According to a communique by HCBA president Anil Mardikar and secretary Abhay Sambre, the bar association had taken a serious note of arbitrary injudicious behaviour of Shembole towards lawyers and litigants.\"This association further resolves to request the Chief Justice of Bombay High Court and the president of State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission in Mumbai to enquire into the allegations against Shembole and to take appropriate action against him, including his removal/transfer from Nagpur,\" the resolution mentioned.The HCBA also planned to approach the state minister for food and civil supplies in this regard. The resolution was first moved by Sangram Sirpurkar and was seconded by Devendra Chauhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16289529", "title": "33 illegal plastic units razed in Shastripuram", "text": "HYDERABAD: Thirty-three illegal plastic godowns in Shastripuram were demolished by municipal authorities, a move that residents in the colony perceive as an eye wash. Pointing out that only small units were pulled down, residents said the bigger ones that were causing much damage to the environs of their colony remained untouched in Thursday's crackdown.\"The GHMC started demolition by randomly picking up buildings. There is a lane that is lined with illegal plastic godowns but only two were demolished though all the others were issued notices. Action on the premise of unauthorized construction is not strong. Most of the plastic godowns affected today were small in size and operation,\" a local resident said.The bigger godowns operating along the Bahadurpura roadside dump more plastic, employing more labour and consuming more power. Why were they spared, locals of this once residential colony wanted to know. The half-hearted efforts by the GHMC were clearly on display as the units were mechanically razed without making efforts to dispose of the plastic waste, they said.It can be recalled that the residents in a joint effort had taken up cudgels against the plastic units to curtail pollution in their colony. But GHMC's cherry picking efforts in rooting out the plastic godowns on Thursday led them to call it an eyewash.On May 11 this year, TOI highlighted the plight of residents of Shastripuram, a teacher's colony established in the eighties, which had turned into a plastic dumping yard for plastic manufacturing godowns in Kattedan. Plagued with health problems, efforts of the residents to restore habitable living conditions came to naught as authorities failed to act, allegedly blocked by local politicians and factory owners. When the landscape of the colony was illustrated in these columns, GHMC woke up to the residents' demand for a hazard-free colony.The Chief Medical Officer's inspection followed and notices were issued to unit owners on grounds of operating without licenses. As many as 150 notices were issued. When no further action was forthcoming, residents wrote to the chief minister for relief. The GHMC commissioner reacted and visited the colony in June. Action followed only now, with 33 small units being razed to the ground.However, when asked why action was restricted to 33 godowns when 150 were issued notices, a GHMC official said that \"these were structures identified and the work was to be completed in one day.\" He said that the corporation's move would serve as a deterrent to the rest and claimed that they would keep vigil to prevent proliferation of illegal plastic dump yards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16290120", "title": "This Navaratra, golf carts to ease \u2018darshan\u2019 for elderly", "text": "CHANDIGARH: This Navaratra, senior citizens and physically-challenged devotees can have hassle-free \"darshan\" at Mansa Devi Temple.In one-of-its-kind initiative, the Panchkula district administration plans to provide them golf carts that will take them from the entrance gate to the temple, skirting long queues and crowds. Besides, LCD screens will be installed to engage visitors standing in long queues in temple proceedings.A meeting was convened by Panchkula DC Ashima Brar to work out the modalities for the plans. It's for the first time that the temple will have golf cart facility and LCD screens. The administration, however, is yet to decided how many carts will be provided.There will also be a separate queue for devotees who visit the shrine doing \"dandawat\". An ambulance will be available at the shrine 24x7 and mobile and landline numbers of the Mansa Devi Shrine Board duty in charges displayed on hoardings, so that devotees can call in in case of an emergency.The DC said, \"Senior citizens and physically-challenged devotees face problems while covering the long distance from the parking lot to the temple. So, we plan to introduce golf carts for them... its modalities are yet to be worked out. And LCD screens will show the temple goings-on so that visitors don't get bored standing in long queues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16288861", "title": "Three poachers arrested", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Forest officials made a breakthrough in the sensational poaching case of two tigers at Gondmohadi in Palasgaon range on Thursday. The officials rounded up three poachers from different villages in Chimur tehsil. A steel jaw trap has been seized from them, sources claimed.A semi adult tiger was killed, while another tiger was seriously injured after they got trapped in the jaw traps laid by poachers near the jungle in Gondmohadi village on April 26. Forest officials had concluded that Baheliya poachers were involved in the poaching. After four months of investigations forest officers made first arrests on Thursday.Shreeram Atram from Madnapur village in Chimur tehsil was nabbed on Thursday evening.Sources claimed that a steel jaw trap, similar to one used in poaching of the two tigers was seized from him. Two more persons named by Atram were arrested from Devri village later in the night. They will be produced before the court on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16290004", "title": "PMO rebuts US daily's Singh rant", "text": "New Delhi: A war of words has broken out over a story on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in the US publication Washington Post.The Prime Minister's Office (PMO) and the Indian government came out looking petulant on Wednesday.But now the article itself has acquired shades of grey after several people pointed out the similarities between the Washington Post copy and a cover piece on the PM in an Indian magazine, The Caravan, published in October, 2011.Interestingly, The Caravan piece, which was actually far more critical of Singh, did not attract any notice from the PMO then.The PM's communications adviser Pankaj Pachauri dashed off a letter to Washington Post accusing its copy of being one-sided. \"Despite all lines of conversations open, you never got in touch with us for our side of the story, though you regularly talk to me about information from the PMO. This story thus becomes totally one sided.\" Pachauri goes on to say that a requested interview with the PM was declined \"till the end of the monsoon session\".In response, the India bureau chief of Washington Post Simon Denyer, who wrote the article, stood by it, said that the request for the interview was made on July 30, when the Parliament's monsoon session had not even started.\"When I made my final request for an interview with the PM in July, I was told on July 30: \"The PM has declined all interview requests till the monsoon session is over.\" At that stage the monsoon session of Parliament had not even begun. There was no mention of the possibility of an interview afterwards.\"On the fact that the quotes in the article were uncomfortably similar to The Caravan piece, the US publication added a correction on their website: \"An earlier version of this article failed to credit The Caravan, an Indian magazine, for two statements that it originally published in 2011. The assertion by Sanjaya Baru, a former media adviser, that Singh had become an object of ridicule and endured the worst period in his life first appeared in The Caravan, as did an assertion by Ramachandra Guha, a political historian, that Singh was handicapped by his \"timidity, complacency and intellectual dishonesty.\"Goldman Sachs also took on Washington Post on Thursday, saying that it strongly disagrees with remarks about the PM attributed to the firm's India economist Tushar Poddar, whose article had appeared in the daily on Wednesday.Goldman Sachs acknowledged Poddar's concerns over the accuracy of those remarks, as reflected in the letter to the editor of Washington Post.Despite all lines of conversations open, you never got in touch with us, though you regularly talk to me about info from the PMO. This story is thus totally one-sidedP Pachauri |PM's adviserThe PM's communications adviser dashed off a letter to Washington Post saying that despite all lines of conversation being open, the writer didn't get in touch with the PMO and hence the story is one-sided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16289007", "title": "Water gushes into many residential areas", "text": "NAGPUR: Heavy rains continued for the fifth consecutive day on Thursday, throwing life out of gear in many low lying areas of the city. Water-logging in the basements of buildings was reported from many parts of the city.The low-lying areas and also localities lacking proper drainage system were the most affected on Thursday. Corporator Avinash Thakre told TOI that water gushed into a large number of houses in Narendra Nagar, Swami Swarupa Nand Nagar, Dhobi basti, Shri Complex Area, Shanti Niketan, Jai Durga layout, Vijayanand Society and adjacent areas.According to NMC's fire department, waterlogging was reported from basement of Sunrise Convent and some other places in Rameshwari, Bhagwan Nagar, Chitar Oli, Mehadia square, Narendra Nagar RuB, Ayodhya Nagar and Ramnagar. Fire personnel removed the water by installing water pumps. Incidents of trees falling were also reported from a couple of areas.NMC has requested affected citizens to contact on 101, 108, 2567029 or 2567777 for any help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16287810", "title": "Woman robbed of cash, gold in blink of an eye", "text": "MUMBAI: Besides cleaning up her client's face, a small-time beautician also cleaned out gold and cash from her client's house.The 26-year-old beautician, Rashiya alias Musu, has been arrested by the L T Marg police for allegedly stealing Rs 5,000 in cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 22,600 from Kalbadevi resident Uma Dubey's home on Wednesday. Dubey had got some beauty treatments done by the accused even earlier, and fixed an appointment with her on Wednesday.After coming over to Dubey's home around 12.30pm on Wednesday, Musu reportedly applied a facial cream on her client and asked her to close her eyes for 30 minutes before a clean-up. \"I had removed my gold ear and nose rings and left them in a tray. Musu asked me to cover my face with a bath towel. After half-an-hour, when I opened my eyes, I could not find Musu anywhere and my ornaments as well as my purse were missing,\" Dubey told TOI on Thursday. Dubey's son Nilesh, returning from somewhere, spotted Musu running out of the house. \"Luckily, she did not attack my mother or brother who were the only ones at home,\" said Nilesh.Dubey told the police that Musu most probably stole the valuables to finance her trip to Ajmer Dargah. \"Musu had told Dubey that she wanted to use the fee for facial for a pilgrimage. Without suspecting Musu's actual intentions, Dubey allowed her to come home,\" said the cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16287712", "title": "Where does our garbage cess go?", "text": "BANGALORE: We're expected to pay Rs 60 crore as solid waste management cess. What's it being used for?\"What has the BBMP done with cess we paid with property tax? In my neighbourhood on Kanakapura Main Road, there are heaps of garbage as trucks come and dump stuff on the roadside. Contractors and officials probably have their own agreement to dispose of waste anywhere possible,'' says B Ramakrishna Udupa, secretary, JP Nagar First Phase Residents' Welfare Association.He said the situation was better three years ago when solid waste management was handled by the BBMP health wing. Currently, the engineering section does it.Last month, former BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda said there was a need to double the cess. \"We can get about Rs 60 crore from taxpayers as garbage cess. But the cost spent on solid waste management is over Rs 350 crore. By doubling the cess, BBMP can get Rs 120 crore for scientific disposal of waste,\" he'd said. But mayor D Venkatesh Murthy opposed it because the budget hadn't indicated a hike.The garbage crisis is worrying trade bodies too. \"Every year, engineers, corporators and mayors go on foreign trips. What have they learnt from cities abroad? This scenario will definitely affect industrial development in Bangalore. If the city continues to be dirty, who will come forward to invest?\" asked K Shiva Shanmugam, president, Federation of Karnataka Chambers of Commerce and Industry.BBMP had different cess slabs to distinguish between bulk producers and garbage collected from households. Separate slabs were set for residential users, commercial enterprises, industries, hotels, kalyana mantaps, nursing homes, etc. The rates were fixed as per Section 103 (B) of the Karnataka Municipal Corporation Act. As per the 2009-10 estimate, BBMP was to earn Rs 250 crore annually from garbage cess.OfficialspeakIn 2011-12, BBMP collected Rs 31 crore as garbage cess against the expected Rs 60 crore. This financial year, we've collected Rs 25 crore so far. It's collected only from buildings and not vacant sites among registered properties. But vacant sites constitute a large chunk. We're yet to send the proposal of doubling the cess to the taxation and finance standing committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293413", "title": "Jaz Dhami: High Heels feat. Honey Singh", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16295379", "title": "Security beefed up in Gujarat University", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University (GU) vice chancellor Adesh Pal has beefed up the security at the university following the its breach during the agitation of college teaching and non-teaching staff on Wednesday.The VC was pushed around and had to be safely escorted to his office as agitating staff went on a rampage. A day later, ten policemen were posted at the GU office. Meanwhile, the VC is learnt to have directed the security guards not to allow anyone inside his office, neither students nor students' leaders.The security was beefed up following attack by the Congress mem-bers. It was on Teachers' when college teachers, members of the students union and Congress senate and syndicate members barged into the university's senate hall and disrupted a Teachers' Day programme. The teachers and Congress leaders gheraoed newly-appointed vice-chancellor Dr Aadesh Pal, calling him a 'drunkard'. They were shouting slogans like 'Darudiyo VC hay hay' and 'Be Peg Joie, Hay Hay'.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16291396", "title": "Won\u2019t stop fuel loading at nuclear plant, says court", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has refused to interfere with an Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) order permitting loading of fuel in the first unit of the Kudankulam nuclear power plant.A division bench of Justices P Jyothimani and P Devadass , dismissing a PIL filed by G Sundarrajan against the plant being granted permission , said the AERB had laid down a 17-point charter of safety norms for the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL) to comply with, keeping in mind the Fukushima disaster. Noting that it is the duty of the AERB to ensure that these safety conditions honoured by the NPCIL, the judges said some of them were short-term recommendations and some require longer time to comply with. In a separate order on August 31, a bench of Justice Jyothimani and Justice M Duraiswamy had dismissed a batch of PILs seeking fresh clearance and public hearings before the plant is commissioned . Recalling that the August 31 judgment too discussed the ample difference between Fukushima or Chernobyl and the Kudankulam project, the judges said Fukushima tragedy happened because the plant was close to the epicentre of earthquake - only 177km away. Pointing out that Kudankulam was lying at least 1,500km from the nearest offshore fault line (Andaman Nicobar-Sumatra fault) capable of triggering a quake and a tsunami, the judges said the AERB had recommended certain safety enhancements though the plant obtained all necessary clearances much before the March 11, 2011 Fukushima incident. \"As AERB is an expert body, and once such a regulatory body requires compliance of 17 recommendations, we are of the view that it is not for the court to look into that with suspicion,\" the judges said. The judges admitted that the court did not have any expertise to come to a conclusion as to whether these requirements were necessary either for the purpose of fuel loading or the plant's operation. They, however, said: \"When the statutory body does something in accordance with law, the presumption is always in favour of the body unless it is established that there is a malafide intention or illegality.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16293804", "title": "NDA leaders hold demonstration in Parliament on coal issue", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the monsoon session drawing to a close, BJP-led NDA today held a demonstration in Parliament House complex demanding Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's resignation, cancellation of coal blocks, and a fair probe and declared that it will now take this agitation to the streets.MPs from both Houses belonging to BJP, JD(U), Shiromani Akali Dal and Shiv Sena held the protest demonstration in front of Mahatma Gandhi's statue in Parliament premises on the coal allocation issue.Holding placards that read \"On Coalgate issue, Prime Minister should resign\", \"For a corruption free India, now from Parliament to the streets\" and demanding cancellation of coal block allocations, the NDA MPs raised slogans to press for their demands.NDA Working Chairperson L K Advani, Leader of Opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj , her Rajya Sabha counterpart Arun Jaitley, NDA convenor and JD(U) president Sharad Yadav, Harsimrat Kaur (SAD) and Anant Geete (Shiv Sena) were prominent among those who participated in the protest.Speaking to reporters later, Advani said, \"Today is the last day of the session and so NDA MPs decided to gather here and declare that our agitation for a corruption free India will move from Parliament to the streets. Our target is to make India free of corruption.\"Advani alleged that the UPA government has been deeply involved in corruption from 2G spectrum to Coalgate and this has angered the people across the country.\"We will take this agitation to all corners of the country,\" Advani said.Swaraj maintained that till now NDA had been disrupting Parliament on the coal allocation issue and will take this issue further through street protests.\"We have taken a pledge at the Gandhi statue here that we will take this issue to the people. We will take this issue from Parliament to the streets and from village to village,\" Swaraj said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16289974", "title": "Nursing woes plague UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Member of Indian Medical Association, Dr PK Gupta is of the opinion that every doctor needs two hands besides his own arms. \"While nurse is the right hand, paramedical staff is the left one,\" he explains adding, \"Patient care suffers significantly, if either of the arms is weak.\" And, undoubtedly, the observation holds true for patient care services in Lucknow.Attendants nurse their patients at apex institutes: Consider the case of King George's Medical University. Various hospitals here have 3,384 beds, all of which are occupied by patients on most of the days. But, only 652 nurses including sisters are present to take care of these patients. As a result, even sensitive units such as intensive care units and trauma bank on patient's attendants. The poor state of affairs may be gauged from the fact that the 65-bedded Lari Cardiology survives on just 30 nurses and sisters. So at a time, less than 10 nurses are attending 65 patients battling their lives with heart attacks, stroke and angioplasty.In the paediatric intensive care unit, the scene is extremely disturbing. Here children born with congenital diseases, encephalopathies (swelling in the brain), chest and lung infections breathe heavily. But, instead of the nurse, their parents sponge them or massage the baby besides cleaning them in case of bed wetting. They also act as an alarm for the few nurses available when in private hospitals nurses or sisters make patients pop the pills before them. \"We run to call the nurse when we see its time for administering injections,\" said an attendant. The parents also handle activities like nebulising and manual artificial respiration. Availability of just 36 nurses against 170 beds explains the crisis.When such serious units have to manage without nurses, then expecting the basic norm of a nurse in the out patient department appears out of question. KGMU alone doesn't flout the norm, all government and women hospitals in the city including Quality Council of India accredited Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital are not able to depute a nurse in the OPD. Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences is the only exception may be because the patients reporting here are of extremely serious nature. But the shortage of nurses in significant here too. The apex medical institution is working with just 60% of the nurses needed. Chief medical superintendent, Dr PK Singh said that though the crisis affects all departments universally, it pinches most in post-operative wards and intensive care units. \"We are a tertiary care centre and tertiary care in not possible without skilled hands,\" he admitted.Shortage delays treatment at government hospitals: The nature of crisis at government hospitals is different than the two centres. Take the example of Balrampur Hospital that has more than 650 beds and just 80 nurses. Its emergency unit has 96 beds and just one nurse to attend them. In an emergency unit, most of the patients are administered injections and it takes at least three minutes to give one shot. On an average, some 60 patients are given an injection, which means that the nurse on duty will take about three hours to cover all patients.The problem is that if she starts at 8.00 a.m. for the morning shot, the last patient in the queue would get his injection at 11.00 a.m. if he is lucky. In case, a patient gets critical, the task would suffer further. \"We wonder how much to expect from the poor nurse, but patients and attendants don't. Then everyone heading the government hospital is a VIP and wants to be attended first, which means that the last man would have to wait till luck favours him,\" said a doctor on duty. The result is that sometimes nurses get immune to the suffering of the patient besides the usual clash between doctors and attendants. \"How much can one stretch? At times, I feel that suspension is a blessing in disguise,\" admitted a staff nurse in Shyama Prasad Mukherjee Civil Hospital. The crisis is deeper in case of women hospitals.At PHCs, nurses don't exist: The post of a nurse has not been created at the level of primary health centre. So, if a pregnant woman reaches the PHC in case of labour pain, there may not be anyone to help her. The next stop would be Community Health Centre (CHC), which is usually far off (the average distance between a PHC and CHC is at least 12 kilometres, which is too long without proper conveyance facility). At the level of CHC, the government has sanctioned three nurses per centre, which means one nurse at a time. However, officials in the health directorate reveal that while important districts such as Lucknow and those in the state capital region such as Kanpur, Unnao and Barabanki may still see the presence of a nurse, remote districts such as Chandauli, Etah, Kushinagar, Deoria and Ballia may eventually disappoint. Figures prove the point. All the 18 posts of nurses are full in Lucknow, but in Bahraich, only 16 nurses are available against sanctioned strength of 33.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289946", "title": "Monitoring institute could be in dock for raising caste bias in MDM scheme", "text": "New Delhi: Pointing out caste discrimination in Mid-Day Meal (MDM) scheme could land a monitoring institution in trouble. War of words has started between the HRD ministry and MP Institute of Social Sciences (MPISS) over the latter's report of widespread caste discrimination in the scheme in Madhya Pradesh.After MPISS' report, the ministry had sent a central team to verify claims of discrimination. The central team, the ministry claims, did not find any case of social discrimination. Pointing out several anomalies with MPISS report, the ministry not only sought explanation from MPISS director Sandeep Joshi but also threatened the institute that it could be blacklisted. Ministry official told Joshi that due diligence were not followed by MPISS while preparing the report on functioning of MDM in MP.Joshi in a strong rebuttal has told the ministry that MPISS' \"observations are fact based\" and \"result of detailed discussions and minute observations/monitoring\". He told the ministry that \"social equity issues are sensitive and without being convinced of such practice in a school our research staff never comments on such issues.\" Joshi also maintains that all the data and observation on MDM is collected using a structured schedule. He also pointed out that data is shared with school headmaster who also signs and puts his seal on it. Joshi has promised the ministry to send the documents to substantiate his claim.Reacting to the ministry's allegation that MPISS team did not visit many schools, Joshi has said before his team goes to any school prior information is sent to the commissioner, Rajya Shiksha Kendra, Bhopal, and MDM directorate. Only after district authorities are informed, team visits schools. He said team is accompanied by officials of block resource centres. MPISS has also disputed the ministry's claim that observations were not put in the school register. Joshi said, \"Independent monitoring agencies never make any entry in the school records.\" He reminded the ministry official that earlier the ministry itself had said monitoring agencies are not required to write their observations. Joshi also denied that draft report of MPISS observations were not sent to MP government. He said while reports are sent regularly, state government never sends its comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289426", "title": "Deal firmly with private hospitals: Speaker", "text": "NEW DELHI: Assembly Speaker Yoganand Shastri on Thursday asked the Delhi government to act tough on private hospitals drawing out hefty bills for treatment.Referring to an incident in which a leading private hospital was forced to waive off Rs 16 lakh after the government refused to pay beyond Rs 11 lakh for treating a girl with 22 fractures in her leg, Shastri said, \"The attitude of private hospitals towards patients of economically weaker section, and in general, is not correct. The government needs to learn to handle them more sternly.\"The issue of the dismal condition of healthcare services in Delhi was raised by Congress MLA Pralad Singh Sawhney who asked if the patients with burn injuries in Lok Nayak Hospital were asked to bring bandages worth Rs 50,000 to Rs 1 lakh from the market. He also asked the health minister if it was true that stray dogs and cats were found roaming in government hospitals.In response, chief minister Sheila Dikshit said the city hospitals were running under pressure as they not only catered to the needs of Delhiites but also to patients from outside. \"Over 30% of our patients are from other states. Even if an accident takes place in Noida, patients are being rushed to Delhi hospitals. Other governments also have some responsibility towards their citizens,\" she said.Several MLAs also complained of major discrepancies in the voter list. \"During the municipal elections, people were allowed to vote without showing identity cards, resulting in large scale bogus voting,\" said Balram Tanwar, Congress MLA from Chhattarpur.Election minister Ramakant Goswami assured that the problem would be sorted out by the assembly polls in 2013. \"We have written to Election Commission about the relevant issues,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16288974", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation in fix as pot holes appear again on roads", "text": "NAGPUR: Following consistent pressure from the standing committee, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) engineers had repaired the pot holes on roads with the help of emergency funds. Unfortunately, the holes have reappeared due to the incessant rains. The standing committee is likely to discuss the issue and further steps needed to be taken in the meeting organized on September 10.Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari said that corporators from some wards have informed that the patch works has got washed out in the rains. \"Complaints are coming in large numbers regarding the bad condition of roads in many wards,\" he said.Meanwhile, the standing committee is getting various proposals related to asphalting of the roads. The proposal of Rs36.39 lakh for asphalting a stretch of road in ward no-88 will come up for discussion in the meeting. Besides this, the proposal to purchase school uniforms for 46,779 NMC students at an expense of Rs51.45 lakh will also be discussed in the meeting. Interestingly the proposal comes two months after the opening of the new academic session.The standing committee will also discuss the long pending proposal to start pay and park facility along Sitabuldi market's main road. The budgets of four zones- Laxmi Nagar, Dharampeth, Dhantoli and Mangalwari will also be placed before the standing committee for approval.Giving details about the progress in the works of foot-over-bridges (FoBs), Tiwari said that the works at five FoBs are expected to commence with in a short time at Law College square, Shankar Nagar square, RBI square, Ajni square and Mayo Hospital square.\"Design plans of two commercial complexes proposed in Mahal are ready. The complexes will be constructed on BoT basis. Municipal commissioner has Shyam Wardhane suggested few changes in the plans. The tender process will start after incorporating Wardhane's suggestions,\" he said.Tiwari added that the works on other four BoT projects proposed in the budget has been expedited. \"Plans for constructing multispecialty hospital, parking plazas, markets are ready. All efforts are on to ensure issuing of tenders after completion of the rainy season,\" he said.Meanwhile, the NMC has organized a meeting to spread awareness in the city about the ill-affects of PoP made idols on September 11 at Shikshak Sahkari Bank hall. The officials, office bearers, corporators, NGOs, sarvajnik mandals etc will attend the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16292463", "title": "Bhutan PM arrives in city", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Bhutan Prime Minister Jigmi Y Thinley arrived in Bhubaneswar on Thursday as part of his four-day maiden visit to Odisha. He was accompanied by five officials, sources said.Security was tightened en route the Biju Patnaik Airport in view of traffic congestion caused by the Congress rally. The Bhutanese PM is scheduled to visit Sun Temple at Konark on Friday morning and attend a function in the evening. \"We have arranged a civic reception for the Bhutanese Prime Minister,\" said S K Mahapatra, secretary of Maha Bodhi Society of India (Odisha centre).Thinley would attend the general body meeting of Maha Bodhi Society of India at its Odisha centre here on September 8. He is scheduled to attend 8th annual convocation of KIIT University on September 9. Degrees would be distributed to the graduating students of different schools of KIIT University. Thinley is scheduled to meet Odisha Governor M C Bhandare and Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16290560", "title": "36 more test positive for H1N1", "text": "PUNE: Six more people tested positive for swine flu in the city on Thursday. Among them, the condition of a 43-year-old woman from Kothrud is said to be critical. She has been put on non-invasive ventilator support.\"The woman delayed taking treatment for 14 days. That's one of the reasons why her condition has worsened,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, PMC.At present, there are three patients who are critically ill with swine flu being treated at different hospitals in Pune city. Two of them have been put on ventilator support while one is on non-invasive ventilator support.Among the other infected with swine flu on Thursday are a 28-year-old man from Aundh, a 31-year-old woman from Janata Vasahat, a 26-year-old woman from Sihagad Road, a 45-year-old woman from Manikbaug and a 48-year-old woman from Yerawada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16290810", "title": "20 tribals diagnosed with symptoms of tuberculosis in Sathyamangalam", "text": "COIMBATORE: Amidst news reports that tuberculosis patients visiting state-run primary healthcare centres across Tamil Nadu for treatment are being given low dosages of the antibiotic rifampicin as there is an acute shortage of the drug, 20 tribal people from Makkampalyam forest village under Sathyamangalam Wildlife Sanctuary were diagnosed with symptoms of the acute disease on Thursday.They were found showing symptoms of TB at a medical camp organized jointly by Senghunthar Engineering College, Erode Trust Hospital and Erode Rotary Club . Erode Trust Hospital director Dr S Sivanandan and District TB Control Project officer Dr A Rajendran took part in the screening programme. The identified tribals were later taken to Erode for sample collection and testing.TB, caused by Mycobacterium tuberculosis, can be fatal but is curable with a cocktail of antibiotics. Rifampicin is among the combination of first-line drugs that include ethambutol, isoniazid and pyrazinamide. \"We are waiting for the test results. There were strong symptoms that forced us to take them for tests. If the results come as positive, then we will start providing them the medicine combination to ensure a complete cure,'' said Rajendran.Meanwhile, local activists have confirmed that many TB cases were reported from Kadambur, Makkampalayam, Kuntri, Arulayam, Kombayur, Kombenetti, Koilur, Parayur and Kuttayur forest villages in the region in the recent past.\"Malnutrition and poverty are prevalent in the tribal villages in the hills where the livelihood of the forest dwellers are at stake. People are turning jobless and their buying power have reduced because of the restrictions on collecting minor forest produces,'' said P Dorai of Pazhamkudi Makkal Sangham.\"We will conduct more outreach programmes in the forest villages in the coming days and will probe the deficiency level of nutrition,'' said Dr Sivanandan.Every year, India adds to the largest number of people to the global TB population. The Union health ministry in 2009 estimated that out of the 9.4 million TB cases globally, 2 million were from India. Nearly 40% of India's population is infected with TB. According to a WHO estimate in 2009, 249 out of every 1,00,000 people had TB in India. At present, at least 30,000 people have registered under the revised national programme for receiving free medicines in .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16289617", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation prunes CoP-11 works to 170 crore", "text": "HYDERABAD: Due to less time and inability to complete works for the Conference of Parties (CoP 11), the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) will now only take up works worth about Rs 170 crore for the mega event. Earlier, the corporation had proposed to take up works to the tune of Rs 400 crore.Interacting with the media here on Thursday, GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu said the budget for taking up works was cut due to paucity of time, unfavourable weather conditions and non-availability of sand. He admitted that GHMC had proposed to take up works worth Rs 852 crore and later cut it to Rs 400 crore. Of them, sanctions were given to works worth Rs 250 crore, but even that would not be spent now.\"Tenders for works, mainly recarpeting of roads, repairs to pavements, signages, greenery and beautification works, worth Rs 170 crore were finalised and some works were also grounded. These works will be completed by September-end,\" Krishna Babu said.The commissioner said the GHMC would recarpet 55-km length road, while another 40 km would be laid by roads and buildings (R&B;) and another 18 km by the National Highways Authority of India. He said Rs 22 crore was sanctioned for recarpeting badly damaged roads on non-CoP 11 stretches and were being taken up simultaneously.Though the corporation had planned to complete storm water drains on identified stretches before the monsoon, the works were not completed due to escalation in sand price and now, only important stretches like Nims, Mythrivanam, Ameerpet, Chaderghat and Charminar will be completed, he added.\"We are laying special emphasis on quality of works and five third-party agencies have been appointed to check quality of all the works. These agencies are reporting directly to me. For instance, the pavement near Sarojini Devi eye hospital was redone by contractors on the recommendations of third-party agencies,\" Krishna Babu said.On footpaths, the commissioner said Rs 50 crore was sanctioned for repair and relaying of footpaths. On some stretches like Road No. 36, Jubilee Hills, Greenlands and Punjagutta-SR Nagar, contractors have been asked to do pavement works with 'precast kerbs' on the lines of Delhi which are permanent. \"The corporation may not complete all pavements before the end of this month. The leftover works will be completed after CoP 11,\" he said.Krishna Babu said greenery, landscaping and plantation works were on full swing. The contract for putting up signage for important areas, historical and tourist places was given to three contractors mainly on the corridors leading to airport, venue of the conference (HICC) and other important stretches. The signages would be ready by September-end, the commissioner said.On the criticism that GHMC was spending on metro rail corridors like Road No. 36, Jubilee Hills, which would be removed for metro rail works, the commissioner said the works were being taken up for a prestigious event for the city and the country and metro rail works would take another two years to complete on the stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16292610", "title": "Two arrested for child trafficking in Ganjam dist", "text": "BERHAMPUR:Trafficking of children from tribal districts of southern Odisha continues unabated despite frequent crackdowns. Two persons were arrested for trafficking minor tribal girls from Ganjam's Digapahandi area on Wednesday. Middlemen Brunda Gamango and Marka Dalabehera were nabbed after Gurubada Sabara, father of one of the rescued girls lodged an FIR, IIC of Digapahandi S K Gantayat said on Thursday.The two girls from Gajapati's Khariguda village were rescued from Digapahandi on Tuesday evening while they were waiting for a bus to go to Berhampur and handed over to the ChildLine, Berhampur. Their parents have been informed.Child right activists alleged that the girls were being taken to Goa with the promise of a good job. \"We came to know that the middlemen were taking them to Goa without telling their parents,\" said Prabhu Prasad Patra of ChildLine here. The rescued children were produced before the Child Welfare Committee (CWC), Ganjam, on Thursday. \"They will be united with their parents in the presence of CWC, Gajapati,\" activists of ChildLine said.This was the fourth incident of child trafficking in Gajapati district in the last two months, where police rescued more than 100 children from different places like Tamil Nadu (36), Kashmir (13) and Anangapur near Digapahandi (52). Three middlemen have also been arrested.On August 21, one person was arrested in Kandhamal for allegedly trafficking six children, including three girls. All the children were rescued by police. \"We believe a big group is involved in trafficking tribal children, particularly from Gajapati, Kandhamal, Ganjam and Rayagada districts,\" said state convener of Campaign Against Child Labour (CACL) Sudhir Sabat. He said panchayats should be involved in stopping this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16292928", "title": "Teacher's Day celebrations", "text": "INDORE: To mark the occasion of Teacher's Day, Canara Bank organized a function for the teachers of Central School No1. On the occasion, Alok Choudhary, AGM of Canara Bank informed about the bank's history and highlighted the loan schemes available for the teachers and students.Principal Kiran Mishra hailed bank's contribution to the field of education. Chief managers of the bank Jangpani, Krishnakant and Sanjay Goyal were also present. Vote of thanks was proposed by vice-principal Urvashi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16290006", "title": "2012 admissions: Teachers seek investigation", "text": "LUCKNOW: Heads of as many as eight departments in Lucknow University on Thursday openly expressed their displeasure over the way admissions were done in the 2012 academic session. Registering their protests at a meeting with vice-chancellor on Thursday, they said that following a flawed admission process, many students with criminal antecedents, who were expelled in the past, were able to get admission in the university, particularly at the post-graduate level.They demanded an independent inquiry into the procedure for various admissions to ensure that the educational atmosphere inside the university doesn't fall prey to the political interests of 'student leaders'. Some of the candidates including former student leaders, who have managed to get admission this year were expelled during their previous stint in the university. The teachers said that PhD admission process was faulty. Several PG and lesser known diploma courses, were also a preferred route among student leaders. President, Lucknow University Teachers Association, Prof Vinod Singh said, \"The biggest problem with the admission this year was that heads of various departments were not taken into confidence. For example: head of departments used to set papers for entrance exam in their subject, but this time the coordinator of admissions managed everything on his own.\"Officials revealed that some 10 students with criminal past have already made it to the LU campus. One of them, Agnivesh Singh Senger alias Maan Singh, in fact topped the Ancient Indian History PhD entrance exam for non-junior research fellow applicants with 82% marks. Sources said that the 'student' was studying Sociology till last year and passed with third division marks.Earlier, the university ordered a probe to find out how a former student leader, Ram Singh Rana, who managed to renew his admission for PhD. Rana was expelled from the university on December 27, 2006. As per rules, PhD renewal can be done only after the recommendation of the guide and formal clearance of the head of the department. Another student leader Hari Om Rawat who was also expelled on December 27, 2006 has managed to get admission in a post-graduate course.A faculty member said, \"Students politics is not in the interest of an institution. It adversely affects the educational atmosphere. And in a politically hyper active environment like ours, the fire will spread faster than expected.\" He added that in the last few weeks, the LU campus has tasted the ills of students' politics.Another stated that things will slip out of everyone's hand, if political persons will move freely inside the campus as students. \"It will be rather impossible to check the leaders who do everything else but study. How can the university let so many genuine students suffer? The authorities must find out how they secured an admission,\" said one of them. Yet another faculty member pointed out that recommendations made by the Lyndoh committee regarding students' elections are being blatantly flouted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16290468", "title": "Nancy wows Patna collegians", "text": "PATNA: Cellist Nancy Kulkarni, playing the soft 'aalap' of the contemplative morning raga 'Tori' coupled with gentle breeze and pleasant weather created a divine ambience, as the students of Patna Women's College (PWC) immersed themselves into the tunes of Indian classical music. The 'aalap', Kulkarni explained, was free of regular beats and needed improvisation by the player.She moved on to play the 'jor' and 'jhala' section of the same raga, that had more rhythmic and regular beats and more plucking of the \"chickari\" strings. Kulkarni not only mesmerized the students with varied recitals but also interacted with them and replied to their queries. Explaining the dhrupad music, she said, \"Dhrupad music takes us on a journey. The vibration produced by the instrument is a way to worship the supreme power.\"To play the Indian style 'Dhrupad', Kulkarni has made a few modifications to her cello. She said, \"Firstly, sitting on the floor to play the instrument was a challenge as Western musicians sit on the chair to play their instruments.\" She added a cross piece to make the cello more stable, two 'chickari' strings to produce the right notes of 'jor' and 'jhala' and a special bridge to produce the buzzing sound and give it an Indian flavour.Kulkarni started learning to play cello at the age of nine, and has been playing the Indian style for the last 30 years, ever since she first came to India in 1982. Currently based in Pune, she is the only one to play 'dhrupad' on cello but trains some students to learn her style. She said, \"I've done extensive practice to get the style right, but the work is still in progress.\"She was accompanied by Tapash Das on the \"Pakhawaj\". The \"Pakhawaj\" is a drum instrument that uses raw dough on the left end to match the pitch of the cello. The programme was organized by Spic Macay. Maya Shankar, chairperson, Spic Macay, said the recital gave peace to soul and mind. She regretted while we Indians are giving up our culture, Nancy from US has taken to it.Students revelled at her dexterity with the cello as the percussions from the 'Pakhawaj' created magical reverberations. Asked if she had completely stopped playing Western music, she said she loved both Indian and Western compositions, but due to the modifications she had done on her cello, it was not possible to play Western music anymore.Sr Marie Jessie, principal, PWC, honoured Kulkarni and Das with mementoes. Shweta Suman proposed a vote of thanks.After PWC, Kulkarni moved on to mesmerize the students of B N College. About 250 students and college principal Pramod Kumar Poddar and former principal Rai Kishore were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16289417", "title": "Flyover planned on stretch between DSC road and e-way", "text": "NOIDA: In order to rid the stretch between the Dadri-Surajpur-Chhalera (DSC) road and Noida-Greater Noida Expressway of traffic snarls, Noida Authority has decided to construct a 2.5km-long flyover that will begin at Sector 78 and end at Sector 82.The flyover will not just ease traffic chaos on this busy stretch but also reduce travel time between Sectors 82, 93, 105, etc and the expressway considerably.Noida Authority has already appointed a consultant for this project and the Detailed Project Report is currently being prepared. The flyover will be constructed at a cost of Rs 250 crore and will make travel from Sector 37 to the Noida-Greater Expressway and towards Dadri free of traffic jams.The DSC road is one of the busiest stretches in the city and traffic jams, particularly during peak hours, are a regular occurrence on it.The situation is made worse by the fact that the stretch between Biraula village near Sectors 49 and 82 is very narrow and heavily encroached upon. Commuters going up to the expressway or to Dadri via Greater Noida are forced to pass through this narrow and jam-ridden stretch.\"We recently completed a traffic survey for the entire city to identify the busiest and most congested stretches across Noida. The stretch between Sectors 78 and 82 along the DSC road is one of the points that needs immediate attention and, hence, we have decided to construct the flyover,\" an Authority official said.In 2009, the Authority has proposed to construct an elevated road on this stretch to solve traffic problems and reduce travel time to the expressway and Dadri. However, the plan could never take off. However, the Authority has assured that this time the project will be taken up on a priority basis.According to the Authority officials, the DPR and the design details for the project will be completed soon and tender process will be initiated soon after.The Authority is also contemplating the construction of a 5.8km-long flyover between the Chilla regulator near Noida Gate and Mahamaya Flyover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16290228", "title": "Narrow exit to Cyber City causes jam", "text": "GURGAON: The Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway witnessed a massive traffic jam on Thursday morning and Wednesday night. The jam on Thursday started on the Delhi-Gurgaon side during the peak hours in the morning. Vehicles crawled with bumper-to-bumper traffic right from the toll plaza to IFFCO Chowk. The narrow left turn towards Cyber City, which has for long proved to be a major traffic bottleneck, was the trouble point where the jam started.A huge pile-up of vehicles could be seen till IFFCO Chowk. The Punjab and Haryana high court had restrained Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Limited (DGSCL), the concessionaire of the toll plaza, from collecting any fee from Tuesday midnight till September 20.While the commuters are now finding it easier to cross the toll plaza, they are getting stuck at the bottlenecks ahead on the road. When contacted, DCP (Traffic) Bharti Arora conceded that there was a huge jam on the road due to the increased vehicle pressure. Arora said, \"The left turn towards Cyber City on the service lane, leading from Ambience Mall, is narrow and has been a bottleneck.Arora, along with HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar and other officials, visited Cyber City on Thursday morning to identify the existing traffic bottlenecks. \"The road going towards Cyber City will be widened up to three metres in the next 24 hours,\" Arora said.Traffic cops, who were present at the toll plaza on Thursday morning to manage traffic, failed miserably in doing it because of the high vehicle volume. Arora said the DGSCL was not cooperating with the traffic police department to decongest the area. Early on Wednesday, a heavy vehicle broke down near Signature Tower on the Delhi-Gurgaon side of the expressway. The concessionaire got the vehicle removed only by Thursday afternoon.The same day in the night, there was a traffic jam from Rao Tula Ram flyover to the toll plaza. The jam, which started around 7pm on Wednesday, paralysed the traffic till midnight. The traffic police department said the jam was partially due to truckers and heavy vehicle drivers stopping their vehicles after crossing the toll plaza after the restriction hours.A traffic cop said with no traffic marshals and a thin police presence during the night, heavy vehicle drivers had a field day. A team of cops had later in the night arrived to regulate traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16288140", "title": "Sabira's ordeal ABVP fracas victim to approach women's panel", "text": "MANGALORE: Sabira Aneesha, 20, the student who allegedly assaulted an ABVP activist and was roughed up in retaliation, during a bandh on Tuesday, is planning to approach the State and Central Women's Commission.The incident occurred at Dr K Shivaram Karanth First Grade College, Pervaje, in Sullia taluk of Dakshina Kannada district.A fellow Dalit student has filed a counter complaint charging Sabira, who belongs to the minority community, with making derogatory utterances about his caste.Sabira, a III BA student, told TOI that she and eight other Muslim girls were having lunch in one of the classrooms on September 4, the day ABVP called for a bandh over the Coalgate issue.\"A group of around nine ABVP members entered the classroom and questioned us for having food. I also questioned them. When I left the classroom alone, the group waylaid me and one of them slapped me on the left side of my chin. I ran towards the principal's chamber, but had to return as there was nobody inside. The group stopped me again and I fell after one of them pushed me. He also tore my clothes. They stopped assaulting me only when a few teachers reached the spot,\" she recounted.\"I told the principal B Balakrishna Bhat about the incident and requested him to call police. However, the principal made the students apologize and brought us to a compromise. But when my parents saw the bruises on my body, they were worried and asked me what had happened. They took me to hospital and I was admitted there for treatment till Wednesday,\" she added.Sabira denied allegations that she had made derogatory remarks against Vijaya, a Dalit student. Reacting to the counter case filed against her under the SC/ST Atrocity Prevention Act, Sabira claimed that the only boy she knows by the name of Vijaya in her class, supposedly a Dalit, had not come to college on Tuesday. \"Even in my complaint, I have not mentioned Vijaya as he was not there. This is just to harass me and counter attack me because I have filed a case against ABVP activists,'' she claimed.CASE AND COUNTER-CASESullia police registered two separate cases regarding the incident on Wednesday. While a case was registered based on the complaint filed by Sabira, a counter case of violating the SC/ST Atrocity (Prevention) Act was filed against Sabira by Vijaya, a Dalit student.Based on Sabira's complaint, police registered an FIR under Sections 143 (unlawful assembly), 147 (rioting), 341 (wrongful restraint), 323 (causing hurt voluntarily) and 354 r/w 149 (assault or criminal force against woman with intent to outrage her modesty).Taking up the counter case filed by Vijaya, police registered an FIR under Sections 143 (unlawful assembly), 147 (rioting), 341 (wrongful restraint), 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace), 323 r/w 149 (causing hurt voluntarily) and 3(1), (10) of SC/ST Atrocity (Prevention) Act.Puttur ASP MN Anucheth said police will investigate both cases and take action.'GIRL HIT BOY FIRST'It is a small incident which has been blown out of proportion. Most students were not present since ABVP had called for a bandh. When a student attached to ABVP asked the girls not to attend class, Sabira assaulted a boy first. Later, the boy retaliated by assaulting her. When I called the students to pacify the situation, the girl confessed that she had assaulted the boy first. Other students too informed me that Sabira hit the boy. I advised the students not to allow the issue to escalate, and end it amicably. It is unfortunate that a silly quarrel between students has landed before police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16290321", "title": "Influential people likely to be affected in Jaipur Development Authority drive", "text": "JAIPUR: The JDA's ant-encroachment drive is likely to affect a couple of influential people owning properties in the Amanishah Nullah, where the high court has ordered for clearing of all illegal constructions.During the hearing of a public interest litigation by the Rajasthan high court on Tuesday, the petitioner's lawyer Poonam Chand Bhandari named a few properties that fall in the nullah's catchment area and, directly or indirectly, belonging to some of the city's high and mighty. These included a petrol pump near Ridhi Sidhi belonging to the son of an IAS officer, a residential complex of a jeweler and a club situated in Nallah among others.So far, the JDA has already issued notices to owners of some big constructions in the catchment area of the nullah. The JDA enforcement team on Tuesday also slapped a notice on the administration of the Neerja Modi School situated in the dry riverbed's catchment area. Similarly, a JDA team handed over a notice to the owner in New Delhi of Mansarovar Heritage Inn which has constructed an apartment in the catchment area.Sources said the JDA will issue notice to the club located in Shyam Nagar area within two days. \"Asking for removal of the illegal constructions, we have issued notice to the buildings under JDA Act's Section 32. The owners have to submit there reply within a given period of time,\" an official said.It is also alleged that the Rajasthan Housing Boards (RHB) officials have made allotments to a school, a college and a hospital in the catchment area and the alignment of the nullah was changed to save them. Also, an RTI activist alleged that the land of a JDA official falls under the catchment area and to save it the alignment of the nullah has been changed.\"The notices will be only issued as per the last survey done by MNIT in 2008. The constructions not falling under the survey will not be touched in any case,\" a senior official said.The JDA recently started the drive against illegal constructions after the empowered committee, constituted to develop Jaipur as a world-class city, made inspections and identified some big tycoons who have made constructions in the nullah . The Rajasthan high court has also recently criticized the JDA for not taking action against influential people who have made encroachments in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16295531", "title": "Pawan Kalyan\u2019s film sets a new record in USA", "text": "Power star Pawan Kalyan's upcoming film Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu has set a new record in USA. The film's producer DVV Danayya, who is also releasing the movie in the US, said that the film was sold for a $ 260 k in 13 centres. This is a new record and is also the highest price for a Telugu film to be released in USA. Danayya said that the craze for Pawan is unmatched in USA and he was totally surprised to see the demand. He further adds that the production house has been getting calls from several exhibitors of other regions for screening the film. Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu is currently progressing in Hyderabad. The audio release of the film is slated in the third week of September while the film releases on October 11.Puri Jagannath is directing the film while Tamannaah plays the female lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16290139", "title": "UP adopts senior citizen Act, 2007", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government has adopted the Maintenance and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizen Act, 2007. Under the Act, parents and senior citizens have got the legal right to claim maintenance and protection.Parents and senior citizens can claim maximum Rs 10,000 as maintenance amount. To implement the Act, units will be set up at tehsil/sub-division level under the SDO, said Sadakant, principal secretary, integrated rural development, social welfare, women and child development.A unit will also be set up under district magistrate, which will look into the appeals in the matter.Old age homes will be set up in the state and senior citizens will be provided treatment in hospitals on priority basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16291192", "title": "Bill: Cool Obama burns for America", "text": "WASHINGTON: Forget the presidential peccadilloes of the naughty nineties. And the huffy husband-in-chief who clashed with Barack Obama in 2008 while backing his own wife's White House bid. Former President Bill Clinton summoned all his famed political savvy and policy punditry at the Democratic National Convention on Wednesday night to deliver a stirring endorsement for a second term for the incumbent president, a performance that electrified and energized party cadres.It was a breath-taking presentation by a virtuoso politician whose oratorical skill is already legendary, but whose ability to combine rhetoric with reasoned argument and piercing rationale has grown in retirement.At the party convention in Charlotte, \"Prof\" Clinton left behind any residual animus and doubts about \"student\" Obama, took on the role of explainer-in-chief, and told the party base and political junkies why exactly they should work to extend the Democratic hold on the White House and give Obama a second term in office.\"I want to nominate a man who's cool on the outside, but who burns for America on the inside,\" Clinton told a wildly cheering party base in one of the many surcharged moments during the speech, quashing suggestions that Obama was not up to the job. He explained to doubters, including disillusioned Democrats, that Obama started with a much weaker economy than he did and, \"No president, not me, not any of my predecessors, could have repaired all of the damage he found in just four years.\"The Republican gameplan, he scoffed, was to remove Obama from office because he had not cleaned up in four years the mess they had left him, and he would not let it happen. Clinton's rousing speech evidently left the Obama camp delighted, but they would also be worried how the President, himself a skillful orator, is going to come out of its shadow.Soon after Clinton's 50-minute address (one story was headlined \"Bill Clinton speaks and speaks and speaks\", - but no one complained), Obama turned up unexpectedly on stage to embrace the policy guru whose political surrogate history might record him as.The gesture signaled his gratitude and indicated they had reconciled their differences. The most mesmerizing aspect of Clinton's address was the passionate wonkishness with which he dived into and indulged in detailed policy analysis, simplifying for the nationwide TV audience of 30 million the essential difference between Democratic principles and Republican philosophy on issues like healthcare, education, and fiscal responsibility.He did this in a statesman-ly manner without being mean-spirited about Republicans, but still managing to convey that their policies would be disastrous for work-a-day, middle-class America.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16290387", "title": "President to unveil Patna's agricultural road map on Oct 3", "text": "PATNA: President Pranab Mukherjee will unveil the Bihar government's ambitious project, the agriculture road map, at S K Memorial Hall here on October 3. A number of government departments, which are directly or indirectly related to the agri road map, are in the process of making their preparations in full swing.As per the itinerary of the President, Mukherjee will arrive here on October 3 and fly back to Delhi next morning, according to official sources. Chief minister Nitish Kumar had personally called on the President after he was sworn in and had requested him to unveil the agri road map.After unveiling this project, Mukherjee will fly to Darbhanga in the afternoon to attend the convocation at Lalit Narayan Mithila University (LNMU). Before leaving for Darbhanga, he will have lunch to be hosted by Nitish at 1, Anne Marg.The President will return to the state capital in the evening and attend the dinner hosted by governor Devanand Konwar. He will fly back to Delhi on October 4 morning.The CM held meeting with top officials to review the preparations for the President's visit on Wednesday evening and issued necessary directives to them. The road map contains new projects under various departments. They include integrated dairy and fisheries project under animal husbandry and fisheries resources department, exclusive agriculture feeder scheme under energy department , aerial mapping scheme of revenue and land reforms department, forest conservation scheme of forest and environment department and other schemes under minor irrigation as well as cooperative departments.This will be Mukherjee's first visit to Bihar after becoming President and, if he is not visiting any state till October 2, this will be his first visit to any state as President. After assuming the office on July 25, Mukherjee has not visited anywhere out of Delhi till date.It is to be recalled that the JD(U) had taken a stand different from the BJP and voted in favour of Mukherjee. Nitish had also attended the swearing-in ceremony and called on the new President and extended him the invitation.The state government had earlier invited Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to launch the agriculture road map but could not get time from him.Bihar, a state primarily dependent on agriculture, is focusing on rainbow revolution and has constituted an agriculture cabinet. The government has earmarked Rs 90,000 crore for five years for agri-road map.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16289897", "title": "Mines depertment now inspects Dhabal mine", "text": "MARGAO: Acting on a complaint, a team of officials from the department of mines and geology inspected a site of an allegedly illegal manganese ore mine at Nirankal, Dabhal, on Thursday.Sources said that the mine was in operation for the last four years. The inspection team found that the activity of washing the ore was going on near the mine at a stream located in a private property.Speaking to mediapersons, the officials said that they would locate the owner of the property and conduct further inquiry.The team also intercepted a truck carrying laterite stones which did not possess a pass issued by the directorate of mines and geology. On probing further, the team noticed a JCB excavator at a nearby laterite quarry. Upon the complaint lodged by the team, both the truck and the excavator were attached by the Ponda police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16291469", "title": "Fresh violence at Presidency college: 3 hurt, 5 arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested two Presidency College students and three outsiders in connection with a clash on the campus on Thursday. Three students were injured in the clash. Students Satish Kumar and Sasi Kumar and 'outsiders' Suresh Kumar (19) of Padianallur , Balaji (21) of Nungambakkam and Arul Kumar (20) of Thiruvottiyur were caught with weapons, sticks and stones, police said. Arul Kumar had dropped out of the college last year. When the clash broke out, students scattered and many tried to flee. \"Police teams maintaining surveillance outside the campus rushed in through the rear gate and cornered the aggressive students,\" a police officer said. At least 25 students were taken into custody for questioning. A student said the attackers came with weapons. \"A group of us were chatting near a closed well next to the canteen when we saw a group of students approaching us wielding deadly weapons. We ran away. The group targeted a few students and assaulted them,\" said a student . Perumal (third year, BA Economics), Karthik (third year, BSc Zoology) and G Satish Kumar (BA Political Science) were injured. Inquiries revealed that the injured belonged to the group that won the recent students' union elections. The Triplicane police registered a case and sent the arrested to prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16290691", "title": "Farmers hopeful as dams fill up", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Dams in the state have received good water since September 3. Those in Saurashtra, Kutch, north and central Gujarat have seen an increase of 229.50 million cubic metre (mcm) of water. Irrigation officials said the rising water level in Ukai dam in Surat forced them to continuously release 2.75 lakh cusecs of water. Ukai received 4,61,436 cusecs of water while 2,70,931 cusecs was being released.Saurashtra has been the biggest beneficiary of the recent spell. The 135 dams in the region have received around 140 mcm since September 3. The 202 dams in the state are 62.62 per cent full against their total storage capacity of 2,940 mcm. Thirty-five dams are more than 50 per cent full. Also, 74 dams have less water than ten per cent water.Irrigation officials said that since September 3, 17 dams in north Gujarat saw an increase of 56 mcm water, 17 dams in central Gujarat dams registered an increase of 29 mcm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16291295", "title": "Safety focus in Khan Market spruce-up plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Khan Market is set to wear a new look w i t h u n i fo r m facade , more parking space, wide walkways and alleys for emergency exit \u2014 key features of the redevelopment plan made by New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC). The plan was presented at the first meeting of the stakeholders and NDMC on Thursday.Fire safety gets due importance in the plan as, traders say, the present mechanism is not adequate for a large-scale emergency. NDMC plans to construct a metal platform on the first floor with 14 collapsible ladders on both sides of the middle street. Shops on the first floor will be asked to make provision for a fire exit, which will open onto the metal platform. S e c o n d fl o o r shops will have to keep the front veranda open to sky and provide fire exits bet we e n t wo flats on the parapet wall.Utilities like Prith electricity and telecom cables, AC units etc will be shifted from the middle street to make room for the emergency exit alley. At present, AC units, especially of ground floor shops, are installed in the middle street. The plan is to shift all units to the rooftop and officials say shops on the ground and first floors have agreed to this.Calling the meeting a success , Sudhir Vohra, urban planner and consultant architect for the project, said, \"The redevelopment plan was well received by all stakeholders. All agreed to discuss the plan and explore means by which issues related to shifting of AC units and other services can be worked out.\"The plan also proposes increase in the floor area ratio (FAR). But traders say there will be legal issues as FAR should be equally divided between ground and first floors. \"They want us to take our AC units to the rooftop. This is possible only if we get legal rights to the rooftop from the owners. Increase in FAR should be divided between traders on ground and first floors,'' said Sanjiv Mehra, president of Khan Market Traders Association.With almost all residential areas here being put to commercial use, the plan proposes to change the land use of the area to commercial. But a decision on the conversion of residences on first and second floors is pending before the Supreme Court, as Environment Pollution Control Authority is studying the matter. \"Since the matter is pending before the SC, conversion is out of the question,'' said a trader. Vohra said: \"Whatever change in H a m u y n u R building use is proposed will be subject to scrutiny and clearance from SC.\"Traders have largely agreed tothe basic plan. Sources say NDMC secretary DS Pandit had proposed a common effluent treatment plant and traders accepted it. \"The proposal has got an inprinciple approval from us. We will work on the feasibility of the project. We have asked traders to submit their suggestions in two weeks,'' said a senior NDMC official.Welcoming the redevelopment plan, Arjun Kapoor, president of Khan Market Welfare Association, said, \"We will cooperate with the civic agencies as the market is in need of upgradation.\"Vohra said work on the project will start after the proposal is approved. \"We have to carefully plan the execution of the project so that market activity is least affected.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16290113", "title": "Cutting of infertile mango trees allowed", "text": "LUCKNOW: The mango growers will now not have to bear further losses due to trees, which are no longer fruit-bearing. Instead, they can seek permission from the forest officers to cut the unproductive trees, mostly for grafting and for other techniques which can rejuvenate the old and non fruit-bearing trees. The forest department has relaxed the tree cutting norms for mango, which is a protected variety in the state.There are seven tree varieties, which are protected under UP Tree Protection Act, 1976. Even the forest department cannot give permission for cutting the protected varieties of trees, unless under extreme conditions, where the dead or decaying tree has becomes a threat to life and property, or where its cutting is necessary for executing a development work approved by the government.But, now the department has relaxed the norms and allowed mango growers to cut such trees, which have seen a massive decline in their fruit-bearing capacity. However, the forest department will allow the cutting of trees only after the district horticulture officer certifies that the tree is no longer productive.There are several techniques to cut a mango tree to enhance the production. It can be pruned completely or partially cut down for grafting. The relaxation will help farmers obtain permission for old and unproductive mango trees. The relaxation will be in place till December 2020. It was in 2008 that forest department first introduced the relaxation for a period of four years.However, going by the fact that the Tree Protection Act of the state has to be amended after every 10 years, and it was not amended in 2010, the relaxation was not incorporated in the Act by way of amendment, said sources in the department. The GO dated July 20, 2012, which has extended the relaxation till December 2020, calls for proper implementation of the rule.Farmers in Malihabad, on the other hand, said that though the relaxation existed, it was always a lengthy and tedious process to seek permission from forest department to cut the trees.Farmers said that forest department should give permission in 10 to 15 but it does not happen most of the times.The decaying and old trees were cut down before 2008 also, but those seeking permission had to pay Rs 200 as compensation and also plant a tree under compensatory plantation. The seven protected varieties include Neem, Mahua, Sal, Pipal, Banyan, Bija Sal and Mango, which have a role to play in environmental conservation. Mango and Sal are also commercially important.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16296324", "title": "Kardashian finds 'perfect match' in West", "text": "Reality TV star Kim Kardashian feels she has found her \"perfect match\" in singer Kanye West .She says she would love to have babies once her failed marriage to Kris Humphries comes to an end legally.She has been dating West just for six months, but Kardashian is quite confident about translating it into a permanent relationship, reports mirror.co.uk.\"In a perfect world you know when you find someone that you really think is your perfect match,\" Kardashian said on US chat show \"The View\".The 31-year-old was instantly asked if it was West, and she said: \"I think so.\"They were friends for nearly a decade, but it was only after Kardashian's 72-day marriage to Humphries failed that the couple got closer.Quizzed about wedding bells and dirty nappies, she said: \"I definitely think anything I'd be in now is a permanent relationship. Kids is definitely something I want, I think I wanted that before.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16290981", "title": "Take this survey on BMC seriously", "text": "The survey may not have been done by market research experts but its findings bear out the common citizen's experience.A sizeable section expressing dissatisfaction with some of the basic components of quality of life, like the quality of water or roads, means a failure on the part of the civic agency.The BMC should take note of this survey and focus on the areas of concern.Related story: What's BMC, ask 26% Mumbaikars", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16289335", "title": "\u2018Present Kumbh plan in 15 days\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: The Collector of Nashik, Vilas Patil, has asked all government agencies concerned with preparations for the next Kumbh mela, to come out with specific plan of work required to be undertaken for the religious event within 15 days, keeping in mind that plans have to be sanctioned, funds granted and works executed well in time before the mela in 2015.\"Time is ticking and we are left with only 35 months before the religious gathering begins. The government offices therefore should evaluate the required works in their jurisdiction with the data provided by Tourism Finance Corporation of India (TFCI). The offices must prepare their plans and submit them to collectorate within 15 days such that further action is planned in consultation with the state government,\" Patil said at a review meeting called by guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal on Thursday.The collectorate has been given a demand of Rs 4,250 crore by various agencies and they include construction or facilitation of staff and other issues that are not directly related to the people. Considering the plan of Rs 400 crores for the last Kumbh mela, in which the central government had only contributed with Rs 100 crores and the state government pitched in with Rs 75 crores, sources from the collectorate feel the demand would have to be slashed as much as possible.Reviewing the demands raised by the government agencies, the Collector also appealed to the offices to ensure that some of the funds are sanctioned from the respective departments, while some others could be included in the works related to Simhastha. \"After the demands are placed, the priorities could be set and the budgetary allocation for the same could be sought during the next two budget sessions, leaving only fewer works to be included in the major demand,\" Patil said.Kumbh budget 'huge': BhujbalNASHIK: Considering the experience of Kumbh mela 2002-03, when central government had sanctioned only Rs 100 of the total demand of Rs 400 crores, the government officials need to slice their demands to ensure that best of the aid is received from central as well as the state governments, Chhagan Bhujbal, district guardian minister and minister for public works said. In 2002-03, the Centre had sanction Rs 100 crore of the total demand of Rs 400 crore. \"The proposals sent across by all the departments make a huge figure and nobody knows how much would be sanctioned by the state or Centre. It would be best if the budgets are sliced and demands raised at the earliest to ensure their inclusion in the forthcoming budgets,\" Bhujbal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288285", "title": "'World Series Hockey from December 15'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian Hockey Federation and Nimbus on Thursday announced the dates of the second season of the World Series Hockey (WSH). The five-week long event, which is not recognized by the sport's world governing body FIH, will be played from December 15 to January 20, 2013.The inaugural season of the tournament was held in February-March this year, where Sher-E-Punjab had emerged champions. Not much change is expected in the format of the WSH. \"As of now, the format would more or less be the same, but we shall take a final call later,\" Nimbus COO Yannick Colaco said. Eight teams were involved in the opening season of the WSH.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16292710", "title": "Several areas in Bokaro under water", "text": "BOKARO: Incessant rain since Wednesday evening has wreaked havoc in the district. Although no casualty has been reported as heavy rain lashed the district for over 12 hours, it caused huge damage to the properties at many places.Bokaro DC Sunil Kumar along with SP Kuldeep Dwivedi and Chas SDO Sanjay Singh visited Garga river to assess its rising water level due to the rain. Kumar later directed officials to alert people residing in the areas situated closed to the river to evacuate to safer places.Residents said they have never seen such heavy a rain in past one decade. Normal life was thrown out of gear in Bokaro town on Thursday as rain forced people confined in their houses. Rain water also submerged several low-lying areas leaving thousands of people marooned in other parts of the district. More than a dozen roadside trees and electricity poles were uprooted in the Steel City. To add to the people's woes, many parts of the district, including Bokaro Township, witnessed frequent power cuts. Rain water also entered a number of houses located in different sectors of the township like in Chas, Chira Chas, Phusro and other parts of the Bermo subdivision, sources said.Residents faced difficulty in draining out the rain water from inside their homes. Several streets in the township were also waterlogged owing to the heavy rain. \"I found that my sleepers floating in water when I woke up in Thursday morning. And, when I opened the door water gushed inside,\" said R P Choudhary, a Sector-III resident.Many residents failed to reach their office on time while many other took leave to clean and drain out the rain water which had entered their homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16294181", "title": "Revised state action plan on climate change ready", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The revised draft of the 'State Action Plan on Climate Change' has been completed by the Department of Environment and Climate Change.The draft of the action plan, for which the Union government has sanctioned Rs 2,160 crore, will be forwarded to the Centre after it's approved by a steering committee headed by state chief secretary K Jayakumar and the cabinet. \"The estimated Rs 2,160 crore may not be sufficient for the state to implement the action plan,\" said P Sreekantan Nair, the director of the environment department.In the draft, Rs 90 crore has been earmarked for forest and biodiversity, including Rs 30 crore for the protection of eco-systems, afforestation and agro-forestry; Rs 10 crore for ground water recharging, forest fire control and social advancement of communities dependant on forests; and Rs 50 crore for the documentation and monitoring of forests and integrating ecosystem services.Other proposals include Rs 350 crore for sustainable fisheries; Rs 100 crore for farm diversification, flood control and drought management; Rs 80 crore for sustainable agricultural practices and Rs 70 crore for agro-food processing and cold storage.\"More recommendations will be added to this plan through public consultations to be held in Thrissur and Wayanad. We have also planned further talks with MLAs and MPs and with officials of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) to make the plan more comprehensive so that the government could implement it earnestly,\" said environment department additional secretary G Rajeev.Earlier, while inaugurating a public consultation workshop for the action plan on climate change here on Thursday, chief minister Oommen Chandy said the government would not accept any project that goes against its environmental policy at the upcoming Emerging Kerala meet at Kochi.\"The controversy over projects listed in the website on Emerging Kerala is unwarranted, no project will be taken up without obtaining necessary clearances, including environmental clearance. Land acquisition for projects will also be minimised,\" he said.Environment department principal secretary James Varghese said the government expects to implement the action plan through coordinating various departments, including departments of agriculture, local self-government, forest, fisheries, water resources, irrigation, tourism, animal husbandry, power and environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16290622", "title": "Provisions now at your doorstep", "text": "KOCHI: You will no longer have to do grocery shopping after a day's tiring work or wait in long queues to pay the bills at the super market. Now, with youngsters exploring ways to tap the potential of online shopping, residents can place orders for provisions online and get it delivered at their homestep.With the launch of websites like tendermango.com, city residents are familiar with the concept of shopping provisions online. These sites cash in on delivery policy and offers to take the products back if the customer is not satisfied. \"It is possible to buy packaged and branded products, vegetables and frozen meat items. You can even fix a convenient time to get the delivery,\" said Seema Gopi, a customer.The latest entrant to this service section is palacharakku.com. Civil supplies minister Anoop Jacob will launch the website on Friday. Three youngsters-Abin Peter, Shivakumar Chandran and Joel Ben have worked behind this website.\"Customers can either place orders online or over the phone. The service charge will come to only Rs 30,\" said Abin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16289855", "title": "CM upset over media reports", "text": "KOLKATA: The sudden spurt in dengue cases seems to have worried the chief minister who has asked the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) to present her with updates on a regular basis. Though Thursday's press conference saw Mamata Banerjee busy advising the afflicted to take precautions against dengue, she, however, did not forget to indulge in some media bashing.In a high-level meeting at Writers' Buildings on Tuesday on the spread of dengue , the CM took note of the current situation and suggested ways to combat the disease. She asked municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmedto keep the blood examination centres open till 8 pm if possible. She also asked mayor Sovan Chatterjee to open two more dengue detection centres to tackle the rush of suspected dengue patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16292569", "title": "Three women among seven Maoists caught in Koraput", "text": "KORAPUT: Special Operation Group (SOG) personnel on Wednesday evening arrested seven suspected Maoists, including three women, in Koraput.Police said the operation was planned after they received an intelligence input regarding the presence of Red rebels in a forest near Kamalapada in Narayanpatna police station area.\"Around 20 Maoists were present there at the time for a meeting. A few managed to escape during the raid. There had been no exchange of fire and no injury or casualty has been reported from either side,\" Koraput SP Awinash Kumar said.The arrested rebels were identified as Rupai Mandangi alias Pramila, Sigati Tadangi alias Jyoti, Juroka Hulaka, Sigro Madangi, Raja Rao Meleka, Ramesh Sidaraput and Kenda Charkra, police said. They were from the Koraput-Srikakulam divisional committee of the Maoists and have confessed their involvement in a few Maoist offensives in the district, police added.Security personnel recovered two guns, around 20 kg of gelatine sticks, three pairs of Maoists uniforms, Maoist banners, posters and literatures, an electronic chip and a mobile phone from the spot.\"The electronic chip we found there is yet to be examined. We expect to get vital information about the Maoist organization from it,\" the SP said.Narayanpatna has witnessed a spurt in Maoist activities in recent times. Police gunned down Teli Kadranga alias Rajendra, the commander of the Jhanjabati area committee of the Maoists in a gun-battle on August 19.The Maoists had retaliated by killing BSF jawan Xavier Kindo in a landmine attack on September 1. The Red rebels had also observed a 24-hour bandh in the district on August 31 in protest against alleged police atrocities in Narayanpatna.\"Anti-Naxalite operations have been intensified in Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon areas and we are hopeful of more success in coming days,\" the SP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16289783", "title": "No School Service Commission teachers for minority institutes", "text": "KOLKATA: Minority institutions which provide humanitarian service and run schools on charity will be exempted from appointing teachers from the School Service Commission (SSC). While governor M K Narayanan has given his consent to amend the School Service Commission (SSC) Bill, the education department has issued a notification in this regard. Charitable organizations, until now, had to appoint teachers from the SSC panel.So far, 18 schools, including 16 schools run by Ramakrishna Mission, Ramakrishna Sarada Mission and Sri Ramakrishna Gurukul School at Kanyapith in Jhargram, have been given exemption.\"RKM at the moment will be able to recruit its own teachers. Other minority charitable institutes too, if they apply, may be considered for the same exemption,\" said a school education department official.The new clause, which has been included under section 15 of the SSC Bill, states - not withstanding anything of section 15, the state government by general or special order may exempt from the purview of the act, school or certain schools established and administered by such organizations and subject to such condition and restrictions and for such period as may be specified in the order. The clause also specifies the kind of schools which are entitled to such exemptions.\"Those rendering humanitarian services to the societies, donation to which shall qualify for exemption under the income tax act of 1960,\" added the school department official.The institutes which fall under the category will have to apply to the school education department who shall take the final call. \"Exemption from recruiting from SSC may be provided for a specified duration as well,\" informed another school education department official.The RKM authorities had pressed for this change and pointed out to the 15-member committee set up by the state government that the students studying in schools and colleges affiliated to the mission not only receive education but are also taught ideologies, prayers and values. Those who are recruited through SSC, hence, often find it difficult to adjust to the ideals and thoughts imparted by RKM. Teachers selected from SSC were not in favour of staying within the institute premises, it had argued. RKM's demands have now been met.Minority institutions who render humanitarian service and run schools on charity will be given exemption from appointing teachers from School Service Commission (SSC). Governor M K Narayanan has given his consent to amend the School Service Commission (SSC) Bill while the education department has issued a notification. Till now charitable organisations who have dedicated their services for the humanitarian work and run schools had to appoint teachers from the SSC panel. Now, they can select teachers on their own. At present 18 schools including 16 schools run by Ramakrishna Mission, Ramakrishna Sarada Mission and Sri Ramakrishna Gurukul School at Kanyapith in Jhargram have been exempted from appointing through SSC.\"RKM at the moment will be able to recruit their own teachers. Other minority charitable institutes too if they apply may be considered for the same exemption,\" said a school education department official. The new clause which has been included under section 15 of the SSC bill says -not withstanding anything of section 15, the state government by general or special order may exempt from the purview of the act, school or certain schools established and administered by such organisations and subject to such condition and restrictions and for such period as may be specified in the order.The new clause also specified schools who can be provided such exemptions. \"Those rendering humanitarian services to the societies donation to which shall qualify for exemption under the income tax act of 1960,\" added the school department official. The schools who fall under the category will have to apply to the school education department who shall take the final call. \"Exemption from recruiting from SSC may be provided for a specified duration as well,\" informed a school education department official.A senior SSC official added, \"Minority schools who does humanitarian work were earlier given such relaxation till the Left Front government came to power. It was the earlier regime who had brought these institutes under SSC and made it mandatory for them to recruit from the SSC panel.\"The sect has pressed for the change because once administrative autonomy is granted to the schools affiliated to RKM, the mission will have its freedom in forming the expert committee for selection of teachers. It will also be free to place advertisements for teaching posts, issue interview calls, have its expert committees select competent and suitable candidates.The RKM authorities had pointed out to the 15-member committee set up by the state government that the students studying in schools and colleges affiliated to the mission not only receive education but are also taught ideologies, prayers and values.Those who are recruited through SSC often find it difficult to adjust to the ideals and thoughts imparted by the RKM. These teachers take it merely as a job. Also, residing within the campus is often resisted by these teachers. RKM wants administrative autonomy to ensure that, henceforth, they can select their teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16295102", "title": "Gagan Narang promises shooting fest at second 'Gun for Glory'", "text": "NEW DELHI: It is called 'Gun for Glory', but London Olympic bronze-medallist Gagan Narang insists his initiative is more of a \"shooting festival\" than a tournament as it welcomes not just professionals but also amateurs who have \"never held guns\" in their lives.\"It is a shooting festival in which even those who have not held a gun in their lives can participate,\" Narang said about the event that is likely to be graced by another London Olympics bronze winner, boxer M C Mary Kom, on the concluding day.This year's tournament -- the second after a successful opening last year -- will see participation from London Olympics silver medallist Vijay Kumar , Rahi Sarnobat and Annu Raj Singh among others. The tournament will run from September 12 to 18 in Pune.Double trap champion Ronjan Sodhi is also expected to be present and so are Heena Sidhu and Shagun Chowdhury.\"Mary Kom is also likely to be present on the concluding day of the event,\" the rifle ace said.One of the primary objectives of the tournament is to clear the misconception that the sport cannot be made accessible.\"Sessions will be held on mental training, fitness and how to exercise and all. There will be a sports psychologist, mental trainer, dietician, physiotherapist.\"The idea is clear the doubts of the people, make it accessible and promote the sport,\" said the 29-year-old shooter, the man behind the academy situated at the Shiv Chatrapati Sports Complex shooting range in Balewadi, Pune.Narang reiterated that the tournament is not just for the established ones but also for the fans of shooting.\"We had to find our own path. Now we are trying to help them make their own path,\" he said.Narang informed that there is no dearth of sponsors for the event whose prize money will be Rs 40 lakh.\"Chevrolet is one of the main sponsors. We have good amount of sponsorships.\"The shooter said they are trying to match the standards set in the first edition.Tournament director Pawan Singh said entries are still pouring in, but registration through the National Rifle Association of India (NRAI) for professionals is closed.Singh lamented that quite a few corporates come on board with their own vested interests rather than with the motive of helping the sport grow.\"They are like how much time will Gagan Narang spend in our school, how much will he give us, and less into the sport. We need to change that,\" Singh said.Narang has already donated Rs 16 lakh -- 10 for the upcoming talent and another six for the support staffs of Indian shooters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16289572", "title": "Heavy rain to continue in state", "text": "HYDERABAD: Heavy rain lashed the state, particularly the north coastal Andhra region on Thursday under the influence of low pressure circulating inland over western Madhya Pradesh. The Met authorities in Visakhapatnam said because of the associated upper air circulation, rain or thundershowers would occur over a few places in coastal AP, Telangana and Rayalaseema in next 24 hours. Isolated heavy rainfall could also occur over one or two places in coastal AP. Heavy rain battered Visakhapatnam.While the rains came as a relief to the port city from the sultry weather conditions, several low-lying areas in the city were inundated and many trees uprooted by the strong winds, resulting in utter chaos on the roads. tnnNarsipatnam recorded a maximum of 9 cm, followed by Vizag city which received 6.7 cm. Kaleswaram in Karimnagar district recorded 5 cm, while Perur (Khammam) and Anakapalli received 3 cm each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16292379", "title": "Aerobridge at Bhopal airport soon", "text": "BHOPAL: Good news for frequent air travellers flying in and out of the Raja Bhoj airport. The airport would soon have an aerobridge. Once in place, the air passengers will not have to take long walk in rains and or suffer sultry weather after they get down from an aircraft and walk the distance up to the terminal building to collect their luggage.Talking to the TOI, director of the airport A K Sharma said, \"We will have the aerobridge in the next financial year.\" The work is already in progress, he said.Passengers, who get down from an aircraft or proceed to board one have to take a long walk. \"The walk becomes difficult during the summer and the monsoon,\" said a Bhopal-based businessman Maninderpal Singh.\"Ideally, the carriers should provide a coach. However, except one private airlines, none of the airlines provides a coach to carry passengers,\" he rued.Frequent flyers point out that the parking still continues to be the biggest issue. \"If I have to drop some friend or relative, I first drop him at the terminal building and then return to the parking lot and then go back walking the long distance,\" says Rajan Deb, a Bhopal-based businessman. \"We can have accelerator from the parking lot to the terminal building to avoid the long walk.\"Ranjay Dawar, director of reliable tours and travels, said, \"They should provide a lift from the parking place, this would solve the problem.\"However, referring to the security aspects, the director of the airport said, \"The parking lot has to be 100 metre away from the terminal, which is why the parking is allowed at about 100 m away and people found it inconvenient to walk.\"He said people park their vehicle in front of the terminal building creating chaos. \"Ideally the vehicle carrying passenger should drop him and then move on.\"However, airport sources also said the district administration should deploy traffic constable to man the traffic during the time when the flights come and go.\"The constable's presence would make the difference as he would regulate the traffic in front of the terminal,\" he said.BOXRoad bottlenecks galoreThere are several road bottlenecks that delay the drive to the Raja Bhoj airport. The people who head from Hoshangabad road and Arera Colony to the airport have to go through a number of bottlenecks. Travellers coming from Hoshangabad road have to either go through the crowded Habibganj underbridge or they take the route via equally congested Chetak bridge. In both cases, we find ourselves stuck in traffic, says Ravinder Malik, a bank executive.The prolonged construction of the BRTS corridor has further added to the chaotic traffic throughout the airport route, he adds.The Kamla park bottleneck alone is enough to miss a flight, says Manjeet Singh , a businessman. \"And when the airport is moved farther on the Gandhi Nagar road, the road patch of Gandhi Nagar turn till we take left turn to the airport is the new bottleneck. The road is too bad and is full of potholes,\" he rues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16287723", "title": "BBMP intensifies drive against plastic", "text": "BANGALORE: BBMP began enforcing the ban on thin plastic in right earnest on Thursday and targeted traders first. In the drive which kicked off on Sept. 1, BBMP's health department officials have been seizing in markets plastic covers less than 40 microns thick. Till Thursday evening, they collected over 14 tonnes of plastic and slapped fines amounting to Rs 2.5 lakh.On Thursday, they went around Russel Market in Shivajinagar, KR Market, Chamarajpet and Avenue Road.\"We had earlier conducted this drive between January and March this year and collected over 17 tonnes of plastic less than 40 microns thick in Jayanagar, Malleswaram, KR Market and other market areas. This time, the amount of plastic recovered has come down drastically. The fines levied on different classes of traders are different\" said Dr Devaki Umesh, chief health officer, BBMP.For retail outlets, BBMP is charging a fine between Rs 3000 and Rs 5000 depending on size. For wholesale shops, the fine varies between Rs 10,000 and Rs 15,000 and for godown/ storage houses, the fine depends on size and capacity of the facility but operators are charged between Rs 15,000 and Rs 25,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "16289628", "title": "Row over 'fun game' at NIT job mela", "text": "WARANGAL: The National Institute of Technology (NIT) here was rocked by a fresh 'ragging' controversy on Thursday after videos surfaced showing students stripping, kicking and spanking their juniors. While the videos taken in March this year created a storm across the country, the NIT authorities insisted that the footage was not related to ragging.They said it was part of a 'fun game' which the students indulged in during a job mela held on the campus during February-March. NIT director T Srinivasa Rao said they had banned all such games and that no indecent activity would be tolerated on the campus. He asserted that it was not a ragging incident and related to birthday celebrations. \"The two video clippings aired by the TV channel relate to the birthday party held in February-March this year. We have already taken action against the students and brought the matter to the notice of their parents,\" he told TOI. He said the final-year engineering students, who were involved in the act, were warned about their misconduct and their job placements were held back.However, the footage has sent shockwaves across the state with the videos showing the students forcing their juniors to strip, kicking and pushing them around and forcing them to blow condoms and touching their private parts. One video, leaked to a TV news channel, showed a student stripped to his undergarment and in tears and forced to dance even as other students mock at him and clicking photos of him with their cell phones. In another video, a boy was firmly held to the ground by four students while others rained blows on his backside.While the NIT found itself in a tight spot, district legal cell services authority secretary D Saralakumari met director Srinivasa Rao and professors. She said an inquiry would be conducted into the episode. \"A committee of inquiry comprising NIT officials has been constituted to ascertain whether the video footage shown on the TV channel is old or new,\" she said. However, no police complaint has been lodged. Urban SP S Shyamsundar said that no case has been filed yet. \"Following the airing of the clippings, police personnel visited the campus and conducted an inquiry,\" he told TOI.\"There was no ragging. We don't understand as to why the channels were telecasting some old visuals,\" Professor Puli Ravikumar said. NIT students took out a rally condemning the rumours on the campus and shouted slogans against the authorities. They stormed into the administrative block of the NIT and tried to manhandle Srinivasa Rao. There was a scuffle between the students and professors as some of them received minor injuries. The students lambasted the failure of the NIT authorities for not curbing ragging on the campus. Twenty activists of various students organisations were taken into custody.This is the fourth time that the NIT was embroiled in a major controversy. In August last year, students from Nepal had complained about being forced to dance naked by their seniors, while juniors and seniors clashed this March after the former were locked up in a room and made to dance naked. Those who refused were allegedly beaten up. NIT was again the news a few months back over stories about widespread use of drugs among students.Meanwhile, the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) has directed the home secretary and in-charge DGP to file a report on the NIT controversy by October 10. Responding to a petition by the Telugu Nadu Student Federation which alleged that incidents of ragging have been on the rise, the SHRC asked the authorities to probe the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16289908", "title": "Learning to be more fun at school", "text": "KOLKATA: State government in a bid to reduce syllabus and make learning more fun have issued nine books for students of Classes I, III and V. While the students will have only one book in Class I, - Amar Boi,in classes III and V, children will have to study four books each.\"All schools affliated to West Bengal Board of Secondary Education (WBBSE) will follow these books,\" said education minister Bratya Basu. The books will be distributed to students free of cost.\"While some issues have an immediate effect in our daily life like the vegetable price hike or petroleum price rise, to know the effect of these new books on the learning ability of children, people will have to wait.\"The education minister urged the chairman of the expert committee, Avik Mazumdar, who has prepared the syllabus to formulate a process in which the children from Class I will develope communicative skills in English will be taught to students from Class I.The school education department has also decided to hold seminars in which the books will be placed before educationists, teachers and other stakeholders for discussion and debate. \"If some suggestions are acceptable, we shall incorporate them in the books,\" added Basu.Mazumdar said, \"We have published nine books. New books for students of Class VII will be printed and distributed by the end of September.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16290520", "title": "Allow loudspeakers till midnight: Misal", "text": "PUNE: BJP MLA Madhuri Misal on Thursday said the state government should allow people to play loud speakers till midnight during the 10-day Ganesh festival starting from September 19.Addressing a news conference here, Misal said that data regarding granting permission for extension in deadline for using loud speakers showed that such extension can be granted for 10 days during the Ganesh festival.The Supreme Court guidelines have put a deadline of 10 pm for playing loud speakers. However, an extension in the deadline can be granted on 15 days in a year. During these 15 days, people can play loud speakers till midnight.The state government has identified these 15 days as per the national, social and religious festivals. Out of these, deadline extension is given for three days during the Ganesh festival. Action is taken against mandal workers if any mandal is found playing loud speakers after 10 pm on days other than the specified three. Charges are framed under violation of the Noise Pollution (Control and Regulation) Rules, 2000, against workers found flouting the rule.Misal said, \"The data collected shows that out of the 15 days, the exemption remains unutilised on six to seven days. Therefore, the government should increase the number of days from three to 10 when deadline extension is being granted for the Ganesh festival.\" She said they had sought the information from the police department under the Right To Information Act. Information was also sought whether any groups had applied for permission to play loud speakers till midnight during the remaining six to seven days. The data of the last six years revealed that no group had asked for such a permission.\"The minister for environment and others concerned should organise a meeting and change the days on which the 10 pm deadline can be extended,\" Misal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16289599", "title": "Junior doctors call off agitation", "text": "HYDERABAD: Healthcare services were restored at all the state government hospitals after the striking medicos called off their agitation on Thursday. Junior doctors, who comprise the main workforce in state-run hospitals, had resorted to a blanket boycott of duties including crucial emergency services since September 3.The three-day long agitation had crippled medical services hugely impacting the poor. However, medicos and the state government finally reached a consensus after detailed talks on Wednesday night. Announcing that they are calling off the strike at 9 am on Thursday, doctors said the government has given an assurance to frame guidelines on the work hours, salary structure, designation and medico legal accountability, among other issues in a couple of weeks and subsequently issue a GO. However, the government did not agree to waive the rural posting, that has been made mandatory for the current batch of junior doctors starting this year.Furthermore, they were assured that they would be posted in concerned specialties. \"Officials said that the vacancy position will be studied in all the community health centres, area and district hospitals including teaching hospitals like Rims and counseling will be re-conducted accordingly in a transparent manner for the medicos,\" said Dr I Abhilash, a representative of the junior doctors' association.This apart, accommodation would be provided to doctors wherever feasible else they would be given house rent allowance. Salary issue is yet to be finalised. \"Tentatively, we were promised a 15% hike on the Rs 20,000 stipend announced for PG doctors doing rural services in a GO issued in 2010. However, a PG final year student is currently drawing a stipend of Rs 23,000 hence, we have asked for a hike,\" said Dr Naresh Kumar, a junior doctor.The current batch will be exempted for 4 months from rural service due to delay on the part of the government. Also, the guidelines being framed by the government are only for the current batch of 343 students. \"For the next batch of 1,500 medicos, which will pass out in the next six months, we have demanded the government to form a new committee and come out with modified guidelines,\" said Dr Aditya Vikram, another medico.As per the GOs issued earlier, the government can penalise diploma and post graduate doctors for Rs 15 lakh and Rs 20 lakh respectively if they violate the bond by not doing rural service. This happens to be the launching year for the year-long rural stint for graduating doctors. The central government's decision was aimed at improving health care services in rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16291034", "title": "PM's alma mater comes to his defence on his criticism", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Cambridge University of UK, where PM Manmohan Singh had earned a first class degree in Economics in 1957, has come to defend their \"proud alumnus\" after a leading foreign daily and magazine had launched a stinging criticism of him.The university's vice-chancellor, who is in India on an official visit, on Thursday described Singh as an individual with \"high standards in public life\" and with \"erudite academics\".\"Let me say at the outset that PM Manmohan Singh is a man with great emergent leadership in the worlds' biggest democracy. I have had several interactions with him in the past. He's a man with erudite academics,\" asserted Cambridge V-C Leszek Boryseiwiczh, while speaking exclusively to TOI.Washington Post had on Wednesday published a sharply critical dubbing the PM \"a dithering, ineffectual bureaucrat presiding over a deeply corrupt government\".Spin doctors of the Congress party, including I&B; minister and PM's media advisor, had reacted fast and furiously to the article.Earlier, Time magazine had drawn a similar scathing assessment of Singh.Boryseiwiczh, refusing to comment on the merits of the two articles, said that his university would be always be proud of their alumnus.\"I have not read those comments in the Washington Post about him. It will be inappropriate to comment on details of the news published on the political strife he might be in but as an individual he is very good. In terms of our university, we are proud that he is the alumnus of our university. We are very delighted that he also shares the same feeling,\" pointed out.Several scholarships are run in honour of Manmohan Singh to offer meritorious students wanting to study at Cambridge University.The V-C said that he would be meeting the Prime Minister next week.Boryseiwiczh, who has been invited by the religious body of Sikhs SGPC to visit, and to pay obeisance at the Golden Temple in Amritsar, also asserted that Sikhs were a hard-working community and had in various parts of world.\"We have taken some landmark initiatives in creating opportunities for students of SGPC institutions to pursue higher education in our university. such tie-ups will be generated so that more Sikh students can get an opportunity to join this honorable university,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16288112", "title": "Weather could play spoilsport", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Heavy rain could play spoilsport when India and New Zealand meet in the first of two T20 Internationals on Saturday. A torrential downpour lashed the city on Thursday and MET authorities predict a bleak picture for Saturday.The organizers, however, are confident that a match can get under way. Officials pointed out that despite Thursday's heavy rain, the ground and outfield appeared quite dry. They pointed out that this was mainly because of the super-soppers and the excellent drainage system at the stadium.However, both teams missed their practice sessions. Fans had something to cheer about, though, with the arrival of Yuvraj Singh. They are all hoping Yuvraj will make a comeback to international cricket in this city come Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16291448", "title": "MTC bus rams flyover wall", "text": "Chennai: A MTC bus rammed the wall of the flyover on South Usman Road in T Nagar on Thursday night. Transport department officials said the bus collided with the wall as the driver was feeling giddy. The 27C bus, plying on Tiruverkkadu-T Nagar route, was carrying 20 passengers at the time of the accident. All passengers escaped unhurt. \"A major accident was averted as the bus hit the bridge wall ,\" said a police officer. Pondy Bazar police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16290608", "title": "Sassoon runs short of basic drugs", "text": "PUNE: The biggest state-run hospital in western Maharashtra, Sassoon hospital, is short of basic drugs like cough syrups, painkillers, skin ointments, certain antibiotics, eye drops, iron tablets and nonsteroidal arthritis medicines for days now. This has greatly inconvenienced patients suffering from seasonal illnesses and ailments of the bone, skin and eye.\"Many of these medicines are not available at the hospital for eight days to two months now. Most drugs do not have any substitutes and, hence, there are no replacements. All our requests to replenish the supply have fallen on deaf ears,\" said a doctor.Confirming the short supply of these medicines, a drug distributor at Sassoon hospital said, \"Basic medicines like cough syrup have not been available since the last 15 to 20 days. Higher antibiotics like azythromycine which are used in more than 250 different illnesses are in short supply for the last two months.\"\"The hospital gets thousands of patients suffering from seasonal illnesses like cough, sore throat and body ache every day. We have to tell them to purchase medicines from outside because of the drug shortage,\" said another doctor.Besides basic drugs that are needed to treat patients with seasonal illnesses, patients who are suffering from specific ailments are also bearing the brunt of the shortage.\"Patients suffering from joint pains, especially old people, are also at the receiving end. Medicines like diclofenac, a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug used to treat pain and inflammation associated with arthritis, are not available at the hospital. Even diclofenac gel, a medicated skin gel commonly prescribed to treat osteoarthritis , is in short supply for quite some time,\" said another doctor.Confirming the shortage, a pharmacist from the drug store said, \"Diclofenac tablets are not available for dispensation for the last eight days now, whereas diclofenac gel is in short supply for the last two months. We have to tell patients to purchase these medicines from outside. They often get agitated and the front-line staff has to face their ire.\" Every day, the hospital receives an average 900 to 1,000 patients suffering from joint pains, he added.Fifty six-year-old Dhanraj Jagtap, a patient from Janata Vasahat, said, \"I am suffering from knee pain for the last one year. Earlier, I would regularly get medicines at the drug counter. For the last few days, I have had to purchase some drugs from private medical stores after I have visited the hospital for consultation.\"\"Besides, antibiotics and steroid eye drops are also not available at the hospital. We prescribe eye drops for various eye problems but when patients approach the drug dispensation counter, they are turned away because of the shortage,\" said a resident doctor from the eye department of the hospital.The pharmacist confirmed the absence of eye drops. \"We have been short of eye drops for the last two months now,\" he said.Even common vitamins like folic acid tablets are in short supply at the hospital. \"Prescribed to treat anaemia, ulcerative colitis, liver disease as well as alcoholism , the folic acid tablets have not been available at the hospital for more than two months now,\" said another pharmacist.The folic acid tablet is also routinely given to pregnant women to prevent miscarriage and birth defects in the foetus. Besides, it is also being used to treat age-related memory loss, hearing loss and various neurological conditions.\"Similarly, Vitamin B Complex tablets which is needed for the proper functioning of almost every process in the body is in short supply for eight to 10 days now,\" said another doctor.\"Prednisone, a class of drugs called corticosteroids has also been in short supply at the hospital for the last three months. The drug prevents the release of substances in the body that cause inflammation,\" said another doctor from the medicine department. This was confirmed by the hospital's pharmacist.Prednisone is used to treat many different conditions such as allergic disorders, skin conditions, ulcerative colitis, arthritis, lupus, psoriasis, and breathing disorders.Besides, various types of anti-fungal skin ointments are also in short supply for more than a month. \"Commonly prescribed skin ointments like clotrimazole and miconzole used to treat various type of skin fungal infection are in short supply,\" said another doctor. The drug store official confirmed that these skin ointments are in short supply for one and half months now.When contacted, D G Kulkarni, medical superintendent of the Sassoon hospital, said he was unaware of such a shortage at the hospital. \"I will have to check with the drug store and pharmacists. If at all there is a shortage, efforts will be made to replenish them immediately. Besides, there are substitute drugs for most.\"'There is a drug purchase committee at the hospital. All department heads are members of this committee and they put in their inputs about shortage of medicines concerned with their area of work. No drug shortage was discussed in the monthly meeting. There appears to be some sort of a lack of communication among the drugs store officials, pharmacists and doctors,\" said another department head. Despite repeated attempts, orthopaedic surgeon Ajay Chandanwale, dean of Sassoon hospital, could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16292549", "title": "Chakravyuh in censor trouble", "text": "P rakash Jha's film Chakravyuh has run into trouble with the Censor Board over the song Tata, Birla, Ambani aur Bata, sab  ne hai desh ko kaata, sung by Kailash Kher and picturised on Abhay Deol.Twice, the Censor Board did not pass the song because members felt it was a personal attack on the country's top industrialists and intended to defame them. Last week, the song was rejected by the examining committee and later, when the filmmakers approached the review committee. Once again, the committee cited the same grounds for rejection.When contacted, Jha admitted the film has a song naming these industrialists. \"We have a song where we have used names symbolically. We have even used Madhuri Dixit's name. The names of industrialists have been used to represent a mindset. We are not targeting any of these industrialists in particular and all of them are friends of mine,\" said Jha.\"These names are just generic names but members of the Censor Board argued these industrialists are brands. Only after we put a disclaimer saying these names have been used symbolically and we do not mean any harm or disrespect to any individual or brand that the censors finally agreed to pass the song,\" the director added.Jha is no stranger to controversy, and has been in the news for most of his films in the past. Arakshan had run into trouble over its theme of reservations and political parties like the RPI had opposed the film, even protesting outside Jha's office and burning the film's publicity material. Similarly, Rajneeti had hit a roadblock as Katrina Kaif's character in the film seemed to be inspired by the party's chief Sonia Gandhi.Gangajal too hadn't gone down well with Rashtriya Janata Dal chief Lalu Prasad Yadav over what seemed to be the portrayal of his brother-inlaw in the film.When contacted, both Censor Board Regional Officer JP Singh and Censor Board CEO Pankaja Thakur did not respond to our phone calls and text messages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16290430", "title": "School to give Rs 15 lakh to girl who lost eye", "text": "JAIPUR: In July 2010, a seven-year-old girl's dream to follow her father's footsteps and join the Army was shattered by an irate teacher, all because she hadn't completed her homework.Piya Choudhary lost her vision in the left eye after a severe thrashing by a teacher of Tagore School. Two years later, the school has accepted its mistake and agreed to pay her Rs 15 lakh as compensation.Piya's mother had been running from pillar to post to get justice for her daughter even as she was getting her treated at New Delhi's All India Medical Institute of Sciences (AIIMS). The school had been denying any wrongdoing ever since Piya lost her vision after severe bleeding in the injured eye.However, on Thursday, not only did the school administration agree to pay Rs 15 lakh as compensation, it also tendered an apology to the girl. After the school's volte face, Piya's mother has decided to withdraw the case against the school administration. \"The school administration tendered an apology and is paying Rs 15 lakh as compensation,\" said A K Jain, counsel for the petitioner, after filling an affidavit at the Rajasthan high court on Thursday.Piya's mother Sonu was said she was satisfied to know that the school has finally accepted it mistake. \"For the last two years the school administration was making a mockery of our claims. I have spent more than 15 lakh inPiya's treatment and in looking for some way to help her regain eyesight. It is satisfying that the school administration has accepted the wrong they did to my daughter,\" said an emotional Sonu, who is with Piya at AIIMS.\"Doctors are not sure if they would be able to get her vision back, but my duty is to try as much as I can to ensure her future is not bleak,\" she told TOI. \"Doctors say that she has severe blood clots which have become tumors in the left part of the skull and these would need to be operated. Let's see what happens,\" she added.Sonu said Piya had to quit her studies after the incident. Now, the only aim of the family is to enable her to start studies again. \"Mere husband fauj main hain. Yeh bhi fauj main jaana chahti hai (My husband is in the Army and she also wants to join up).\"After the attack on Piya, her mother had not only filed a petition against school authorities but also met chief minister Ashok Gehlot. Initially, neither Jhunjhunu police nor the district collector took the case seriously. In her the mother had also asked for clear directions to the state government and Rajasthan State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (RCPCR) to frame rules and guidelines and formulate a plan of action to ban corporal punishment in schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289286", "title": "Revenue secretary shifted, miffed CM to move home ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the day the Congress-led Delhi government was busy hailing the notification of regularization of 895 unauthorized colonies in the assembly, the Union home ministry's order to transfer revenue secretary Vijay Dev came as a damper. Dev, appointed by the Election Commission of India as the chief electoral officer of Delhi, was to fast-track the formalities to turn the Congress's pre-poll promise of regularizing the unauthorized colonies into a reality.Unhappy with the move, chief minister Sheila Dikshit is likely to seek an appointment with home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde to take up the matter of transfer of senior officials, a controversial issue between the CM and the Centre for a long time.The revenue department is to set in motion the process to de-notify the 583 colonies located on government land but notified as regularized. No sale, purchase or registration of property is possible in these colonies till the department expedites the denotification process.Delhi's urban development minister, Arvinder Singh Lovely , declared in the assembly on Thursday that to begin with, the revenue department would complete all formalities in about two months to allow sale, purchase and registration of properties in the 312 regularized colonies on private land. The government is worried that a change of officer at this juncture will slow down the process, sources said.The Election Commission chose Dev, a senior IAS officer, on its own after the Delhi government's two panels of tentative candidates for the post of Delhi chief election commissioner were found to be dissatisfactory.It was Dev who had late last year found irregularities in issuance of provisional regularization certificates to some of the 1,218 colonies in the run-up to the 2008 assembly polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288338", "title": "Metro crash: 2 held, safety audit on cards", "text": "MUMBAI: The Sahar police on Wednesday night arrested a civil engineer and site supervisor employed with Hindustan Construction Company , holding them responsible for Tuesday's mishap at the Metro rail project which killed one and injured 16.Meanwhile, senior government officials said the state was considering a review of safety procedures and quality of work at all major infrastructure projects in the city. The demand was also raised in Tuesday's cabinet meeting.Civil engineer Krishna Valvekar and site supervisor Kalicharan Patra were arrested on preliminary evidence. \"They were arrested for carrying out work during heavy downpour, without necessary safety measures,\" deputy police commissioner (Zone VIII) N D Chavan told TOI. Investigators said the slab lacked proper support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16290992", "title": "6 spacewalks of 44 hrs, Sunita sets new record", "text": "MUMBAI: Indian-American astronaut Sunita Williams has set a world record for the maximum number of spacewalks by a woman astronaut. A Nasa announcement on Thursday said that 47-year-old Williams surpassed Peggy Whitson whose space walks totalled 39 hours and 46 minutes. With Wednesday's spacewalk, Sunita notched up 44 hours and 2 minutes, the total number of spacewalks being six. On hearing about Sunita's achievement, Whitson congratulated her saying: \"You, go girl.\" William's reply was \"Anybody could be in these boots\".During Wednesday's spacewalk lasting six hours and 28 minutes, Williams and Japanese astronaut Akihiko Hoshide completed repairs on the International Space Station's main power unit switching mechanism, a task which ran into problems last week. They also installed a camera on the space station's robotic arm.Engineers on the ground and the astronauts in orbit scrambled to devise makeshift tools to clean metal shavings from the socket of the troublesome bolt, after last week's failed effort to plug in the new power-relay unit.This time, Williams and Hoshide were armed with a blue toothbrush, a wire brush and other jury-rigged tools. The two applied grease to the sticky bolt as well as extra pressure and plain old jiggling. They also brushed and blew away most if not all the metal shavings, debris that was discovered during last Thursday's eight-hour extravaganza, one of the longest spacewalks on record. Wednesday's outing lasted 6\u00bd hours.Incidentally, Williams also holds the record of the longest space flight by a woman astronaut, totalling 195 days. In her first mission to the space station, she took off on December 9, 2006 and returned in June 2007. She came to India in September-October 2007 and met her family in Gujarat and interacted with school children in different parts of the country. She went back to the space station on July 14, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16289905", "title": "CBI raids on coal cos were staged: Kejriwal", "text": "In a controversial statement, activist Arvind Kejriwal on Thursday claimed that the companies raided by CBI in connection with irregularities in coal block allocations were tipped off in advance and had succeeded in removing incriminating evidence. The charge was denied by the CBI and Congress. \"Received a mail from an officer in one of the raided companies. They were informed two days in advance about raids and were asked to remove all material... CBI raids on coal companies were an eyewash,\" Kejriwal tweeted.The CBI has filed cases against five companies and charged a number of officials with criminal conspiracy, cheating and intention to commit a crime and had conducted several raids. In a statement, the agency denied the allegations as completely false.Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari also denied the charges, terming it as \"extremely irresponsible\". \"If at all the person who has articulated such an argument has evidence, I think it is incumbent upon him to put it in the public domain. If he has just shot from the hip, then it is appropriate that the statement should be withdrawn, because it neither serves the cause of public discourse, nor the cause of responsibility to make such irresponsible utterances,\" he said.Kejriwal-led India Against Corruption (IAC) claimed that it stood vindicated on the issue of coal mines allotment and instead of taking up \"cover-up\" exercise, the UPA government should order an impartial probe by an SIT headed by three retired Supreme Court judges.\"The CBI stated it had begun a preliminary enquiry into the matter. We had immediately made it clear that the CBI would be forced to cover up and bury the entire scam. This had become clear there and then, with the CBI saying that its role was confined to finding out whether the private companies which were allotted mines, committed any irregularity,\" an IAC statement said.The statement added that IAC came to know that the companies which were raided on Tuesday were \"tipped off in advance so that they could destroy all evidence against them\".\"This has been revealed to us by a whistleblower, and we have consciously decided to make it public while taking full responsibility of our statement. We are consciously not revealing the identity of the whistleblower as he would be victimized,\" the IAC said.Reacting to Congress' statements, it said they were on expected lines. \"All attempts by the government to cover up have miserably failed and rather than attacking those exposing such scams, the UPA government should at least learn some lessons and order an impartial probe by SIT headed by three retired Supreme Court judges into the entire matter and stop using intolerant language against the CAG ,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16290458", "title": "Crafts tips to Magadh Mahila College girls", "text": "PATNA: Students of Magadh Mahila College on Thursday participated in a workshop cum training programme on 'handicrafts' organized by the political science department of the college in collaboration with Rotary Chanakya and Inner Wheel Club of Patliputra. The first day of the two-day event saw students trying out their hands in hand embroidery, jute handicraft, block printing, tikuli craft, candle making, jute jewellery and jewellery designing.BIEC strike: The indefinite strike by the members of Bihar Intermediate Education Council (BIEC), now merged with Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB), entered its 17th day on Thursday. In a bid to intensify the stir, the BIEC members will stage a gherao of the BSEB office on Friday.Bihar Intermediate Shiksha Parishad Padadhikari/Karmchari Samanvaya Samiti members are protesting the apathetic attitude of BSEB officials on the issue of adjustment against different posts, promotion and implementation of the Sixth Pay Commission recommendations. Routine work has been affected badly due to the strike causing inconvenience to students.Magadh Mahila College:Indian Institute of Public Administration: Several papers were presented and interaction was held on \"Administration of Urban Development and Urban Service Delivery\" at a seminar organized by the Indian Institute of Public Administration (IIPA), Bihar regional branch, Patna, in collaboration with postgraduate (PG) department of geography, PU, on Thursday.Rash Bihari Prasad Singh, head of the PU's geography department, presented the theme paper. Sita Sinha, K A Narain, N K P Srivastav, J K Singh, Nazim and others also presented their views on the topic. Navanit Sinha, secretary, IIPA, Patna, presented the annual activities report and Ravindra Kumar Verma, joint secretary, IIPA, Patna, introduced the topic. PU VC Shambhu Nath Singh was the chief guest. Henna Tabassum, head of the postgraduate department of sociology, A N College, proposed a vote of thanks.Ninad students: About 100 students of Ninad play school will take part in a cultural programme, 'Srijan', to showcase their classical dancing and music skills at Kalidas Rangalaya on Friday. The event is being organized in association with Ninad music school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16290118", "title": "SP, Shiv Sena stall proceedings in Rajya Sabha", "text": "The Constitution Amendment Bill, providing for reservation in promotion for SCs and STs in government jobs, could not be taken up for discussion in Rajya Sabha as Samajwadi Party and Shiv Sena members continued to block the move to pass the contentious legislation consecutively on second day on Thursday. Members of SP and Shiv Sena trooped into the 'Well' of the House shouting slogans against the Bill, which was introduced in the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday amid commotion and scuffle between members of SP and BSP, as minister of state for Personnel V Narayanasamy rose to move it for consideration and passage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "16290508", "title": "35 foreign delegates for MTDC meet", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) will hold a two-day conference of consul generals of 35 countries, including the US, on September 8 and 9 in the city to showcase traditional art, craft, culture and tourist destinations in Maharashtra.Addressing a news conference here on Thursday, Jagdish Patil, managing director, MTDC, said that while visiting India, a large number of foreign tourists arrive in Mumbai. The MTDC has decided to conduct a special drive to encourage tourists to extend their stay and visit other parts of the state.He said the state has numerous tourist attractions - from ancient cave temples, unspoiled beaches, forts, monuments, forests and wildlife, and pilgrimage centres, besides a rich tradition of festivals, art and culture.During the conference, the consul generals would be taken to Ajanta and Ellora, the world heritage sites in Aurangabad district, and other places, Patil said. The participants would also be apprised of the Deccan Odyssey train. They would be informed about tourist destinations through audio-visual presentation.The conference will be inaugurated by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. Tourism minister Chhagan Bhujbal and others will be present.minister of state for tourism Ranjit Kamble, minister for health and protocol Suresh Shetty, minister of state Fauzia Khan, chief secretary Jayantkumar Batia, additional chief secretary Anand Kulkarni and principal secretary and chief protocol officer Sumit Mullick will be present.Director of information Ajay Ambekar was also present at the press conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289981", "title": "75% time wasted, 2nd worst session clocked", "text": "New Delhi: The monsoon session that ends on Friday will enter the hall of shame as the second least productive session of the 15th Parliament with legislators having worked for only a quarter of the scheduled time. Only four bills were passed in the month-long session leaving a backlog of more than 100 pending legislations, some as old as 25 years old.According to data analysed by PRS Legislative Research, Lok Sabha worked for 22% of the scheduled time while Rajya Sabha was marginally better with members transacting business for 29% of the total time.The worst session of this Parliament was the winter of 2010, when just 3% of the scheduled time could be utilized.Legislative business has suffered due to frequent logjams. Since 2009, one in every five bills has been passed with discussion of less than five minutes on the floor of the House. A similar trend continued in the monsoon session when on September 4, Lok Sabha cleared three bills within 20 minutes.These included the National Highways Authority of India (amendment) Bill 2011, the North-Eastern Areas (reorganization) Amendment Bill 2011 and the Protection of Women from Sexual Harassment at Workplace Bill 2010.Among the four bills that have been passed by both Houses in this session are the Rajiv Gandhi National Institute of Youth Development Bill 2011, the National Institute of Mental Health and Neuro-Sciences, Bangalore Bill 2010, the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (amendment) Bill 2012 to replace an ordinance and the Chemical Weapons Convention (amendment) Bill.The Parliament session, scheduled from August 8 to September 7, was expected to meet for 20 sittings with the agenda listing 29 pending bills for consideration. The government had planned to introduce 15 new bills. However, while initially proceedings were disrupted over the violence in Assam and concern over exodus of Northeast students, the latter half has been washed off with BJP's adamant stand demanding PM Manmohan Singh's resignation over Coalgate.So far, the least productive year for Parliament has been 2004, when only 18 bills were passed. So far, during the budget and monsoon sessions, Parliament has passed 16 bills in 2012. How the winter session goes is anybody's guess.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16291386", "title": "Villagers lock up school in Rohtak", "text": "ROHTAK: Villagers and the sarpanch of Marodhi in Rohtak district on Thursday locked the government senior secondary school in the village and demanded action against a peon, who used to come to the school drunk and misbehave with students, including girls.According to sarpanch Ravinder Balhara, the peon, Rajbir Singh, had become a nuisance for students and teachers. Despite several complaints against him, the school principal and the education department failed to take action against the class IV employee.On Thursday, Balhara led the villagers in locking up the school in the morning. He told the principal that they won't allow classes till the peon is shunted out of the school.They said Rajbir, 40, hails from Bhali village, which is situated 15km away from the school. He used to stay on the school premises and was drunk even during school hours. According to parents of students, he misbehaved with several girl students. \"Although he was with the school for around a decade, he gradually became addicted to alcohol and started harassing students. Some villagers even lodged police complaints against him, but he was let off. The villagers wanted to get rid of him,\" Balhara said.Vicky, a student of class VI, said the peon had thrashed him last week and even tried to strangulate him. \"He was in a drunken condition and standing at the gate when I came to school. He started asking me questions without any reason and when I tried to avoid him, he caught hold of me and tore my shirt.\" Principal Sunita Devi said she had not been able to take action against the peon and had informed the higher authorities about his misbehaviour. \"He even misbehaved with the staff. He never listened to me, or the sarpanch.\"District education officer Jagvir Malik, who rushed to the village on being informed about the incident, said the peon had been transferred to the education office at the district headquarters. \"There are several complaints against him. I have ordered him to report to my office. A probe has also been ordered against him and action will be taken after that,\" the DEO said, adding that the school will function normally on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "16292747", "title": "Woman gets life for killing husband", "text": "GARHWA: District and session judge (DJ), Mohd Qasim sentenced Devanti Devi to life imprisonment for killing her husband Mangal Saw in Madgarhi village on February 25, 2009.In an FIR lodged with the Bhandaria police station, Mangal's father Surendra Saw accused Devanti of killing with the help of her two teenaged sons Raju Saw and Bhanju Saw because of a long tussle between the husband and wife over their conjugal life. However, the court punished Devanti based on eye witnesses. It has also slapped a fine of Rs 2000 failing which she will have to face additional one month imprisonment. Raju and Bhanju's case is pending with the juvenile court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16289148", "title": "Man's body found in mysterious circumstances", "text": "NAGPUR: A 25-year-old man's decomposed body was found in the waters of Gorewada lake on Thursday. Govind Polkandwar, a welder by profession, had left his residence at Panchasheel Nagar at Gittikhadan three days back, and was not traceable after that.Polkandwar's body was fished out of the lake by the cops after control room was alerted by a citizen. The body was stuck in the posts atop which there are boards warning picnickers against swimming in the lake, which may have crocodiles.Though only a few currency notes and coins were found in his pockets, Polkandwar was identified from the name tattooed on his right hand. Polkandwar's family members told police that there had been a quarrel at home with his sister over a property issue.The family members have said that Polkandwar had come to Gorewada in connection with a plot of land. He was most probably under the influence of alcohol while leaving home. Sources claimed that Polkandwar had left home one earlier too without informing anyone.A handkerchief was tied across Polkandwar's face. Police said Polkandwar's body had bloated and spotting any injury was not possible. A senior officer said forensic experts would ascertain the cause of death.Gittikhadan police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16290108", "title": "Rahmankheraaa 'stray' tiger in search of 'home' in Dudhwa", "text": "LUCKNOW: The stray tiger which was rescued from Rahmankhera and then released in Dudhwa national park remains on move even inside the forest area. And, going by the number of its movements inside forest, it is not a lethargic animal. In the last month alone, its location has been tracked differently on at least four occasions.However, it has not been tracked for the last four days. \"It might have entered the dense of the forests,\" said Ganesh Bhatt, deputy director, Dudhwa. It's the only tiger which is being monitored scientifically, as it is the only one out of 100-odd tigers in UP, which has been radio-collared. And, the monitoring also shows that the animal has been living rather \"peacefully\" in Dudhwa. The forest department has been monitoring the big cat's movement, ever since it was released in the wild.To the extent, it has been an \"aloof\" existence, so far, for the big cat, wildlife officials said added that the tiger was radio-collared before being released in the wild, as it had ventured out of the forest and strayed into the city. \"In such a case, it is always necessary to monitor the movement of the tiger,\" said another official.The fact that it has constantly been on the move shows that the big cat is yet to figure out its territory.The tiger had ventured out of South Kheri in December last year. Its presence was noticed in Hardoi on January 1, 2012. Then the pugmarks confirmed its presence on the Central Institute of Subtropical Horticulture (CISH) campus on January 8. Since then, the feline had been living a localised life in Rahmankhera. The forest and WTI team tranquilised and trapped it on April 24. The tiger was immediately sent to Dudhwa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16288804", "title": "Campus Front of India protests assault", "text": "MANGALORE: The Dakshina Kannada district committee of Campus Front of India (CFI) organized a protest in the city to condemn the alleged assault by ABVP activists on Sabira at Dr K Shivaram Karanth First Grade College, in Sullia taluk on Tuesday.Addressing the protesters, Asif Baikadi, state committee member of Campus Front of Karnataka, said the ABVP is sowing seeds of communal hatred on college campuses. He said ABVP activists had assaulted Sabira and pulled at her headscarf, expressing disrespect for a woman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16290519", "title": "940 cases of liquor recovered", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It seems that after smuggling liquor to different parts of Punjab and Haryana, smugglers have moved their attention towards Rajasthan. On Thursday, around 1.30am, police intercepted a truck and recovered 940 boxes of English wine from it. This consignment was on its way to Jodhpur in Rajasthan via Panchkula, Panipat, Rohtak, Rewari and Ajmer. \"On a secret tip-off, special technical operation cell of PCR team set up a naka near lightpoint of a multiplex in Manimajra on the Wednesday night. At around 1.30am, we stopped a truck (HR64-3922), for checking and found 940 boxes of English wine from it,\" said a PCR official here. \"This liquor was supposed to be supplied illegally at Jodhpur in Rajasthan via Panchkula, Panipat, Rohtak, Rewari and Ajmer route. We have arrested the truck driver Pawan Singh, a resident of Jammu, but his accomplice Khem was able to flee taking the benefit of darkness. They had a permit to transport some chemical powder, but were smuggling liquor,\" he added. Police have registered under Excise Act and under various sections of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16288905", "title": "Did state mislead Bombay High Court on bamboo policy?", "text": "NAGPUR: Has the state government and its forest bureaucracy misled the High Court on the proposed bamboo policy and nipped the booming bamboo trade and industry in the bud? This is the question activists and stakeholders fighting for right to grow and trade bamboo without any restrictions are asking.A division bench of justices D D Sinha and A P Bhangale of Bombay High Court had on March 4, 2011, clearly directed the government to \"expedite the process of finalizing the draft policy,\" when the forest department pleaded that the draft policy framed in April 2007 was \"under consideration of state government.\" This was in response to a public interest petition filed by bamboo activist and Kisan Morcha leader Pratap Goswami seeking de-notification of bamboo as forest produce, removing all restrictions and control of the forest and revenue departments over it.\"We do not propose to show any indulgence in the present petition at this stage... and expect the state government to expedite the process of finalizing the draft policy,\" said the court while turning down Goswami's petition as premature. Even four years after the process was initiated and 18 months after the court direction to expedite it, the draft is yet to be finalized. \"This means the forest bureaucracy was only misleading the court by swearing on affidavit that the draft was being amended. Because till date they have done nothing in that direction,\" said Goswami.Additional principal chief conservator of forests (policy and I-T) R R Sahay was completely at sea when TOI asked him about the status of the bamboo policy on Tuesday. \"In the last one year that I have been holding this charge, I have not heard anything about the policy. Apparently it's lying with the ministry,\" said Sahay.Union environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan has now taken a proactive stance to liberate bamboo but bureaucrats are clearly reluctant to give up control. \"We are keen on a comprehensive policy that would not only relax all controls but actually integrate new technology and allow converting bamboo into timber and ecofriendly and cheaper alternative to teak and other wood used in construction and furniture industry,\" said Goswami. He said mere classification as 'minor forest produce' would not help tap full potential of bamboo as a 1 lakh crore industry.\"Unless policy is finalized and implemented, private plantation, felling and transit of bamboo will not be possible. Right now, even if it is grown in private lands, transit pass from forest department and felling permission from revenue department are required. These two requirements spawn corruption and red-tape putting off private enterprise,\" said Goswami. He said for suicide-prone Vidarbha farmers, bamboo growing could be panacea. Once planted, farmers can reap annual benefit for over 40 years.Units starved of supplyNagpur: The failure of Maharashta government to come out with a bamboo policy even five years after the draft was framed in 2007 has already sounded death knell for the industry. At least six cottage units producing items like incense sticks, toothpicks set up five years ago had to shut down. This is because the forest department does not release supplies to small units,\" said a bamboo trader.\"We were hoping the policy would remove all restrictions on bamboo trade and ensure smooth supplies to the industry, but that never happened,\" he said. Recently the country's first bamboo timber industrial unit - DSL - was established near Ramtek. However, the unit has been denied bamboo supply by the forest officials though there is quota of 40,000 tonnes reserved for industrial use.\"We have tie up only with Ballarpur Industries (paper mill) for supply of 1.80 lakh tonnes per year,\" admitted PCCF S K Khetarpal who looks after industrial supply of bamboo. \"We rejected DSL application for supplies at discounted rate as the unit does not meet all conditions like location in tribal area,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16290398", "title": "Customs official gets 3-month jail", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Thursday ordered three months simple imprisonment to the assistant commissioner, customs (prevention division), Forbesganj, Shiv Shankar, for contempt of court and slapped a fine of Rs 2,000 on him for not complying with the court order for releasing a truck laden with betel nuts.Earlier, while allowing a writ petitioner of Birendra Kumar Singh, the truck owner, on November 14, 2011, Justice S N Hussain had quashed the order of customs department whereby the truck laden with betel nuts was seized by the customs officials in Kishanganj on June 2, 2010. Taking into consideration the material facts put before the court, it was found that the betel nuts were not smuggled.The petitioner's counsel, Prabhat Ranjan Dwivedi, submitted that the customs officials had started confiscation proceedings in violation of the high court order.Justice Hussain observed that the assistant commissioner, customs, had orchestrated things and misconstrued the provisions of law to the detriment of the petitioner merely with the purpose to overreach the high court order. The court issued directive to send a copy of the court order to the Central Board of Excise and Customs for its perusal to consider the propriety of the contemnor as per relevant statute. Justice Hussain said, \"The court is afraid that the said act of the contemnor may also come within the purview of corrupt practices regulations.\"He observed that the customs officials, who were the opposite parties in the contempt petition, had shown their double face by first trying to justify their action of initiating confiscation proceedings even after the court verdict and, later, admitting the mistake was committed inadvertently. The claim of customs officials with regard to investigation and confiscation in this case was absolutely on frivolous and ridiculous grounds, he added. The court has issued directive to send a copy of this order to the commissioner, customs, Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "16290407", "title": "Tension in Kaimur village over rape of minor girl", "text": "SASARAM: Tension prevails at village Nuawan under the same police station in Kaimur district following alleged rape of a schoolgirl by two persons on September 4. Additional police personnel have been deployed at the village as precautionary measure. One named accused was arrested on Thursday, according to Mohania DSP Suresh Kumar .Sources said the standard I girl was allegedly raped while she was returning home from the school on Wednesday noon. Two youths of the same village lured her and took her to the house of one of the accused. When the girl did not reach home on time, her parents started searching for her and found her outside the house of the accused.The relatives and supporters of one of the accused reached the home of the victim and threatened the family members with dire consequences if FIR was lodged with the police in this connection. They also attacked her father when the later refused to oblige them. Another FIR in this connection was also lodged.After intervention by the senior police officials, an FIR was lodged on Wednesday night. The girl's parents ran from pillar to post whole day for medical examination. First she was sent to Sadar hospital Bhabhua and then to Mohania subdivisional hospital. Raids were on to nab another named accused. The DSP, however, denied any tension in the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16290699", "title": "5-year-old run over by ambulance", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A five-year-old girl was run over by an EMRI 108 ambulance in Saraspur on Wednesday. The girl died at Shardaben Hospital. Her parents have filed a complaint against the ambulance driver for the incident. EMRI officials have promised action against the driver.According to police, the incident took place at noon when Chanabhai Patni, a resident of Vikram mill compound in Gomtipur, was passing from Manji ni Chali in Saraspur with his wife and daughter. At that time, the ambulance came from behind, hit the child Rinku and sped away.\"The passersby called up 108 after which an ambulance came to the spot and took the girl to Shardaben Hospital where she was declared brought dead. We have sought help of EMRI to identify the driver who fled from the spot,\" said a Shaherkotda police official. tnnOfficials said that the husband and wife work as daily wagers on construction sites.When contacted, Jashvant Prajapati, chief operating officer, EMRI 108 Gujarat, he said that it was an unfortunate incident. \"108 is synonymous with saving lives and somebody getting hurt by it is a sad phenomenon. We have initiated an inquiry to find out how the incident took place and will take action against the driver if found guilty,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16287787", "title": "HC panel lists 17 steps to solve traffic woes", "text": "MUMBAI: Tougher rules for driving licences, obstruction-free roads and pavements, cleaner subways, more power to traffic constables are among the 17 points identified by a committee appointed by the Bombay high court to improve the condition on the roads of the city.While hearing a public interest litigation filed by the Bombay Bar Association on traffic indiscipline in the city, a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar gave the state two months to spell out the action it plans to take on the recommendations. \"Traffic awareness programmes should not remain restricted only to south Mumbai,\" said the bench. The PIL was filed, seeking stricter implementation of traffic rules, monitoring of vehicles by CCTV cameras and the use of helicopters to survey vehicular movement.The HC appointed the high-power committee, which is headed by the additional chief secretary (home) and has as members the transport commissioner, BEST general manager, senior officers of the transport department, BMC and MMRDA and the joint commissioner of traffic police. Assistant government pleader J S Saluja submitted the report of the panel, which has come up with 17 measures, which the members hope would improve the scene on the city roads.Stating that 435 of the 3,490 sanctioned posts in the traffic police department were lying vacant, Advocate Saluja assured the court that 50% of the vacant posts would be filled in two months. He also told the court that the plan for covering the city with 5,000 CCTV cameras was still at the discussion stage.Counsel for the petitioners Advocate Armin Wandrewala said the panel should also consider two other issues, one increasing the number of personnel in the Mumbai traffic police department and the other is raising the amounts of fines imposed on traffic offenders. \"Going by the traffic police's figures, one traffic policeman works for every 6,332 citizens. This is wholly inadequate,\" said Wandrewala. Advocate Saluja responded that the strength of the department was a policy decision, while the Centre had already started consulting states on the proposal of increasing fines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "vijayawada/onogle", "code": "16289546", "title": "Six killed in road mishaps", "text": "VIJAYAWADA/ONOGLE: Six persons, including four APSRTC bus passengers, died in two separate road accidents in Krishna and Prakasam districts on Thursday. Three women and a girl child were killed and at leastsix bus passengers injured when a lorry rammed into the bus on the Addanki-Narkatpally highway in Prakasam district. The victims were identified as Anjamma, 55, her granddaughter Jyothi, 8, Jujjuri Prameela and M Padma. The condition of two of the injured is critical.Two youths were killed when a lorry hit their bike in Ambapuram village of Bapulapadu mandal in Krishna district. tnnwhile they were returning from Tirumala. when the mishap took place. While Gaddam Saiprakash, 19, died on the spot, Chigurukottu Mahesh, 20, succumbed to injuries in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16289575", "title": "Vani Kapoor wins maiden title in style", "text": "BANGALORE: Vani Kapoor may have let slip a four-shot advantage on the final day in her debut event two weeks ago, but having done all the hard work, she was in no mood to throw it away this time around in the third leg of the Hero-Women's Pro Golf Tour on Thursday.The 18-year-old played some fine golf to win her maiden title in her rookie season. Vani's one-under-par 71 on the final day gave her an eight-shot victory. The Delhi pro finished with a tally of three-over 219.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16290126", "title": "UP plans to bring Lokayukta at par with other states", "text": "LUCKNOW: In an attempt to strengthen the institution of UP Lokayukta and bring it at par with its counterparts in Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh , the government is planning to amend the UP Lokayukta Act. The amendment is needed to introduce certain changes in the Act, which will make the institution strong. UP Lokayukta has been in existence since 1977. The demands for empowering the institution have been made by former Lokayuktas as well. But, it is for the first time that government has acted to strengthen UP Lokayukta.In April this year, the government sought opinion of the incumbent Lokayukta on ways to strengthen the institution. Lokayukta had submitted a detailed proposal to the government asking to sanction a special police task force, authorised under the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) to investigate criminal cases and also those filed under the Prevention of Corruption Act or Money Laundering Act.\"I will work on the draft amendment and send it to government for approval,\" said UP Lokayukta Justice (Retd) NK Mehrotra. The government has already passed the UP Lokayukta and deputy Lokayukta (Amendment) Bill. The second set of reforms, which might come after the draft amendment is handed over to the government, will empower the Lokayukta to issue a search warrant , initiate a suo motu inquiry against corrupt public servants and take action in cases of contempt. Meanwhile, in Lokayukta inquiry against the construction of dalit memorials in Lucknow and Noida, the meeting of the Lokayukta with the Economic Offences Wing which was proposed this week, will now be held next week.tnn Lokayukta is set to be in Noida, this week, to probe into the farmhouse allotment scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288745", "title": "Maharashtra for changes on heritage list", "text": "MUMBAI: In the first clear indication that changes may be introduced to the proposed heritage list, the state government has directed the BMC to review the list to identify structures and areas that have witnessed a change in character. Directives in this regard were issued to municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte on Thursday, government sources said.On Thursday, a delegation of Bandra residents led by MP Priya Dutt and MLAs Baba Siddique and Krishna Hegde met CM Prithviraj Chavan to discuss the locals' objections to the heritage list.Later in the day, Shiv Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray said his party would not acknowledge the new heritage list. Calling it \"anti-development\" and \"anti-Marathi manoos\", he said efforts to get the list approved would be defeated. Mayor Sunil Prabhu said a special standing committee meeting would be held to reject the list.Following a survey in 2005, the erstwhile heritage committee under former chief secretary Sharad Upasani had proposed heritage tag for 948 structures and 47 precincts in 2008. While then municipal commissioner Jairaj Phatak gave the go-ahead to the list, it was not implemented. The subsequent heritage panel under Dinesh Afzalpurkar referred to the original heritage list formulated in 1992.A preliminary review by the BMC has found that development permissions were granted to a number of structures included or affected by the new list since 2005.The delegation that met the CM also comprised members of Salsette Catholic Cooperative Housing Society, St Sebastian's Homes Cooperative Housing Society, Rev Fr Magi Murzello, principal of St Andrew's High School, Rev Fr Jude Fernandes , principal of St Stanislaus High School, Rev Fr Vernon Aguiar, principal of Sacred Heart High School in Santa Cruz ((W), Sr Rose D'Souza and Sr Mary Paul of St Joseph's High School and Shyama Kulkarni, trustee of Agni.Speaking to TOI, Siddiqui said, \"It's just non-application of mind. I pointed out to the CM that 25 structures that are listed as heritage are over 14 storeys high. Chimbai and Chuim, which are listed as precincts, are mostly developed. Such random listing serves no purpose. I didn't demand a stay but asked the CM for a relook.\"Dutt said many properties in the affected precincts had since been redeveloped. \"It is unfair to block redevelopment plans for the ones waiting for one,\" she said.Sources said Chavan told the delegation that he had already ordered a review of the list.'Incentives must to encourage owners'Linah Baliga &amp; Bhavika JainMUMBAI: For residents who have been decrying the Mumbai Heritage Conservation Committee (MHCC)'s move to include some private structures on the heritage list, several financial incentives have been recommended for the preservation and proper maintenance of listed heritage buildings.A sub-committee of the MMRDA's heritage conservation society considered this issue and felt that strong monetary incentives were imperative to encourage owners. MHCC considered a report of the sub-group committee, which was given the task of drafting policies regarding incentives for heritage conservation. Several suggestions are still lying with the government.\"We must send our suggestions and ask for them to be formalized by the urban development department and the CM. Only then will the listing of properties as heritage be welcomed by the owners. It would be good if the experts in this field guide us in this regard,\"said Vidya Vaidya, trustee, H (West) Federation.The only incentive available today is contained in the existing Sub-regulation (6) of Regulation 67 (grant of TDR in case of loss of development rights\". However, the MHCC feels that this incentive is not sufficient and direct monetary and indirect tax benefits are necessary.The incentives will come in the form of a heritage conservation fund and disbursement of the same on some accepted principles.A conservation fund can be created through pooling of resources such as scrutiny fee to be charged for purposes of clearance from the MHCC, donations from individuals, corporate bodies and charitable trusts, grants from development agencies and earmarking of funds by the BMC in its annual budget for heritage conservation.In addition to the special fund, the penalties levied on owners and tenants for not conserving/maintaining the properties could be credited to the heritage conservation fund. It has also proposed tax benefits, which will work as indirect monetary incentives, but will be effective as the burden of taxation would be reduced. There could be direct concessions or relief in general property tax and, along with concessions in other taxes, could be granted by the assessor and collector's department after certification from the MHCC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16289622", "title": "YSR legacy still haunts Congress", "text": "HYDERABAD: The YSR legacy is continuing to haunt the Congress. Even as Rajya Sabha MP KVP Ramachandra Rao is slated to release the diary, which the former chief minister wrote during his padayatra in 2003, in New Delhi on Friday in the presence of AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad and treasurer Motilal Vora , fellow RS member V Hanumantha Rao is organising a meeting here on Saturday that would urge the ruling party to steer clear of the YSR regime.KVP's book release function of 'Padayatra' is to be held at AP Bhavan on Friday evening at which the two AICC functionaries are the guests of honour. What has surprised many is KVP's invocation of Congress president's name in the invitation letter he wrote to MPs. In the invite, the MP has said party president Sonia Gandhi has sent a message wishing success of the event. Many MPs are likely to skip the programme by leaving Delhi after the adjournment of Parliament. However, YSR loyalists are being mobilised from Hyderabad to make the event a success, sources said. While PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana is already in Delhi to attend the event , 15 ministers in the Kiran cabinet are slated to attend the function in Delhi.The book release event in honour of YSR spurred an immediate reaction from Hanumantha Rao, an ardent critic of the former CM, who has called for a meeting in Hyderabad on Saturday to counter the KVP event. The meeting, with the slogan \"Save Congress, Strengthen Congress,\" will have in attendance all those who headed the Youth Congress between 1972-2012 along with executives and members of district committees. \"The theme of the meeting is to urge the Congress to steer clear of YSR's controversial regime,\" said sources.VHR said the meeting would discuss the problems being faced by the party in the past three years and submit a report to the party high command on the deliberations in the meeting.Ever since the CBI probes began into the decisions of the YSR regime, Hanumantha Rao has been stating that the Congress should disown the former CM in view of the charges of corruption and controversies surrounding him.KVP's attempt to resurrect the YSR legacy has caused a great embarrassment among the MPs and MLAs. Leaders such as Panabaka Lakshmi and VHR have reportedly written letters to the party high command stating that KVP's activities were only benefitting the YSR Congress whose leaders were criticiSing the Congress day in and day out. The two leaders are said to have complained that KVP was helping the YSR Congress by resorting to undue praise of YSR. \"At a time when the party is preparing for the panchayat and municipal elections, praising YSR will help only the YSR Congress,\" they are said to have told Azad and Vora. There is also a section in the party, which believes that KVP is getting the Congress closer to the YSR Congress.Sidelined completely after YSR's death, KVP has been attempting to make his presence felt in the party by raising the issue of YSR legacy whenever possible. First, he organised the exhibition of photos of YSR last year in New Delhi by inviting the top AICC brass. Last month, KVP, in a carefully planned and well organised meeting of Youth Congress, raised the issue of absence of YSR portraits in the meetings and cried on the dais as to how the party was ignoring the late chief minister. Exactly after a month, KVP wants to release YSR's diary which nobody was aware of.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16289079", "title": "Eco-friendly lifestyle on a tree house", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Greenpeace campaigner Brikesh Singh while residing on the tree has practically adopted the green lifestyle. Singh is utilizing eco-friendly solar energy for his day-to-day work. He eats from what his nearby villagers and supporters bring for him and drinks the water fetched from the stream adjacent to his treehouse.Singh has occupied a tree near Padmapur forest check-post since September 1, to oppose the destruction of biodiversity and exploitation of forests for coal mining. India is going to host 11th United Nation Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) in October in Hyderabad. His campaign is also meant to catch the attention of national leaders in the backdrop of the convention and press them to fix the criteria for allocating forest for coal mining.There was a lot of curiosity among the people, not only about his cause and message, but also about the lifestyle Singh will adopt during his stay on the tree. Singh has adopted eco-friendly lifestyle to meet his requirements of food, water, shelter and security in the remote place away from the town. His camping on tree itself gives message about how to live in harmony with nature.\"He uses green energy to light his tree house. Drinking water is fetched from the adjacent stream. The design and construction of tree house is in complete harmony with nature. The tree is not nailed anywhere in the entire construction of tree house. Instead of cooking his own meal using firewood, Brikesh eats whatever nearby villagers and his supporters bring for him,\" said his supporter Sachin Wazalwar.Though the shelter for Singh was built before he occupied it, many things were worked upon after he started living on the tree. He has two lanterns and two small table fans powered by solar energy. Four solar panels set up on the other side of stream. The spot gets ample sunlight. A cable connects to the batteries kept in the tree house. Singh uses this energy to charge his laptop and cell phone to propagate his cause through Internet.Speaking to TOI, Singh said, \"The very concept of living without energy is absurd in this era. But that does not mean one should burn coal at the cost of forest land. The tree house is an ideal example to show that we can explore sunlight, which has been primary source of energy from the beginning.\"He holds that every unit of coal-based energy has caused some deforestation, loss of wildlife and impacted the livelihood of tribals. When he can live in eco-friendly way with huge thermal power plant on side and large coal mine on other side, so why not other follow his suite.Eco-friendly lifestyle* Singh is using green energy to light his tree house* Drinking water is fetched from adjacent stream* No nails used in construction of tree house* No cooking using firewood. Singh eats whatever villagers and supporters bring for him* He uses solar energy to charge his mobile, laptop", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16289522", "title": "Clerk attacks junior college principal", "text": "HYDERABAD: A junior college principal was stabbed with a knife by a clerk of the institute at Bandlaguda on Thursday. He escaped with minor injuries on this hands and legs.The Vanasthalipuram police said N Prahalad, 50, principal of Chaitanya Junior College, BN Reddy Nagar, was attacked by Ch Shashidar Rao, a clerk, as the former had reprimanded him for his failure to pay LIC premium, income tax and other financial commitments of the institution. \"Shashidar's job was to make payments and take care of other financial matters. Though he was reminded several times, Shashidar did not make the payments for a year and was pulled up by Prahalad. The clerk bore a grudge against the principal as he felt insulted,'' Vanasthalipuram sub-inspector K Bhasker Rao told TOI. At around 9 am, Shashidar took Prahalad to Bandlaguda in a car on the pretext of introducing him to three top rank students. \"After reaching the location, they had an altercation.Shashidar attacked the principal with a knife. Sustaining stab injuries on is hand, the principal tried to get down from the car and was again stabbed on his thigh. Soon after the incident, Shashidar went absconding,'' police said. A case was registered under Section 307 (attempt to murder) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16290590", "title": "Hand over Indu mill land, demands Republican Party of India", "text": "PUNE: The Republican Party of India held a rally to the district collectorate on Thursday to mount pressure on the government to hand over 12.5 acre of Indu mill land in Mumbai for a memorial of Babasaheb Ambedkar.Hundreds of workers representing various groups of the RPI began the rally from Kumbharwada chowk. Leaders of various groups addressed the rally and a memorandum of demands was submitted to the district collector.Parshuram Wadekar of RPI (Athavale group) said that both the central and the state governments had promised to allot the land for the memorial. \"We demand the government to hand over the land immediately. We want the memorial to be completed before December 6, the death anniversary of Ambedkar,\" he said.Wadekar warned that the agitation would be intensified across the state if handing over of the land was delayed.Avinash Salve, another RPI leader, said: \"There are reports that the government will allot some portion of the land for the memorial. The government should note that we want 12.5 acre land for the memorial.\"Earlier, the workers condemned the recent remarks by Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray against the RPI's agitation for Indu mill land.People faced difficulty in reaching the central building and district collector's office in the afternoon as vehicular traffic along the route of the rally was disrupted and vehicles were diverted to other roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "16296305", "title": "Indian govt assures safety of Lankans, says Sri Lanka President Rajapaksa", "text": "COLOMBO: Against the backdrop of attacks on Sri Lankan pilgrims in Tamil Nadu, President Mahinda Rajapaksa today said the Indian government has responded positively to his country's request to guarantee the safety of its citizens.Only a small, politically-motivated group was responsible for the harassment of Sri Lankan visitors and they were receiving no encouragement whatsoever from the central Indian government, he said in his first public reaction on the issue. He said the Indian government has responded positively to Sri Lanka's request to guarantee the safety of its citizens.\"We would only deal with the Centre and would not deal with state governments\", Rajapaksa told reporters here.Sri Lankan government facilitated the return of some 184 of its nationals on a pilgrimage to a church in Tamil Nadu, early this week. The bus they were travelling in had come under attack in Thanjavur.Sri Lanka responded by issuing a travel advisory against travel to Tamil Nadu.The pilgrims, mostly from the north-western town of Chilaw, upon return said a few of them sustained injuries from the attack.Rajapaksa said he would discuss with Indian authorities the safety of Sri Lankans if the opportunity was made available to him during his visit to India commencing on September 19.He is due to visit Sanchi in Madhya Pradesh to lay the foundation stone for a centre for Buddhist studies.He is also expected to have an audience with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.Rajapaksa's comments came as an ultra-nationalist Sinhala group, Patriotic National Movement, urged him to refrain from visiting India.\"What sense does it make when president visits India when his government had warned the citizens of the country not to travel there?\" asked its chief Gunadasa Amarasekera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16290412", "title": "Bribe-taker Sub-inspector fond of branded liquor", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sub-inspector (SI) Naveen Kumar Sharma, who was arrested for accepting a bribe of Rs 5 lakh from a Ludhiana resident through a mediator on Wednesday was also fond of expensive foreign liquor. A total of 41 liquor bottles that included some foreign brands and IMFL were recovered from his house in Sector 46 on Thursday.The seized bottles included Remy Martin, Chivas Regel, besides Cinzano. These were deposited at the Sector 34 police station and a case under the Excise Act was registered against SI Sharma. In earlier instances branded liquor bottles were recovered from the houses of some senior officials who were arrested including Punjab police DSP Raka Gira and VP Singh, an official with Central Board of Excise and Customs, besides some others. Gira was arrested in July, 2011 and VP Singh was held in March, 2012 for allegedly demanding and accepting bribe. CBI inspector S L Sharma said the 41 bottles were stored in three different cabinets. Police sources said Sharma would also be arrested in this case shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16290386", "title": "Drought package unlikely", "text": "JAIPUR: Possibilities of receiving special package from the Centre for drought has become bleak after the visit of a high-level committee. The panel which toured five districts questioned the state's promptness in declaring drought and is unlikely to initiate the relief activities norms.After receiving normal rainfall, the state revised its demand of Rs 7,424 crore to Rs 2, 800 crore. The power department has withdrawn its claim for package while cooperative, animal husbandry and PHED departments have cut down their demands. However, the reduced claims are also unlikely to be released as the panel did not find any grounds under which the demands could be met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16288894", "title": "' Nutritional awareness important for a healthy nation'", "text": "NAGPUR: Awareness about nutrition can make a lot of difference in the health of the society and country as a whole. Nutritional deficiencies can render entire population of a country unproductive, say experts. Though a little better off in terms of awareness, the urban population of the country seems to be no better than its rural counterpart in nutrition status.That has prompted the theme for this year's ongoing National Nutrition Week 'Nutrition Awareness - Key to Healthy Nation'. Community Food and Nutrition Extension Unit of Nagpur, city chapter of Nutrition Society of India (NSI), Community College of Technology and Research along with Integrated Child Development Scheme are organizing programmes in various villages and slum areas of the city to spread awareness about nutrition during this week.Inaugurating the first such programme at Lava village, district health officer of Nagpur Zilla Parishad Dr Nadeem Khan told the rural health workers that their help was required to curb the menace of malnutrition as they alone could take the message and awareness about the importance of nutrition to villagers, specially the women.\"Awareness levels in cities are more compared to villages. This is partly due to the media and multinational companies discussing the issue. Still, the cities are worse off in terms of nutrition as they fight the double trouble of obesity as well as undernourishment,\" believes AN Radha, city president of NSI. She believes people drawing away from traditional foods was one of the reasons why nutritional deficiencies were becoming a bigger trouble.\"Kids should get all their nutrition from wholesome, balanced and natural diet available and acceptable locally instead of from nutrients embedded in chemically fortified food items. Critical cases, though, need medical support and monitoring, specially if there is a presence of infections like malaria , tuberculosis or HIV. To make it more cost-effective for the poor, we advise a kitchen garden where they can have plants like coriander, chilli and mint among others,\" she added.Dr Mukund Mahorey, in charge of the extension unit, said that currently there was no rich-poor divide in the incidence of deficiency diseases like anaemia. \"Eighty percent population in rural areas and over 60% in cities are anaemic. As it decreases the work efficiency of people, their social contribution is less than it could be. Many women have surprisingly low levels of haemoglobin at 7 to 8%. Calcium deficiency, more common among women, is now affecting a lot of men these days,\" he said.Dr Amit Nafde, medical officer, Central Government Health Scheme, spoke about the importance of nutrition for pregnant and nursing mothers. \"If a woman doesn't eat well during pregnancy or lactation, the child can be underweight and prone to many illnesses. Such women should consume more ghee and protein rich food,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16291410", "title": "Why new stormwater drains won\u2019t prevent flooding during rain", "text": "CHENNAI: Fifteen city roads where new stormwater drains were recently constructed could get flooded again during the rains. Because the drains are yet to be connected to a water body into which rainwater can flow. This was discovered at a recent flood review meeting convened by the Chennai Corporation . \"A stormwater drain should provide an inlet for rainwater and avoid stagnation on the road,\" said an official. \"Drains not connected to a water body will be filled with rainwater , leaving the excess on the road,\" he said. Every stormwater drain has to be connected to one of the city's 16 canals. Water from the canals then flows into Adyar and Cooum rivers or Buckingham Canal en route the sea. Contractors have been given until September 15 to complete all connections, failing which they can be fined. Engineers and contractors have been ordered not to start work on new drains and ensure that the existing ones are connected to a major water body. Construction of stormwater drains must begin at water bodies and branch out, but this rule doesn't seem to have been followed in most cases. \"Had we just started at 42 locations, it would have taken even longer,\" said a corporation engineer. Sewage overflow and presence of utility cables compound the problem. \"If Metrowater work is pending, this could take even more than a month,\" warns another . If conditions are favourable , a 65-metre-long pre-cast drain can be laid in just four days, they say. The distance to be connected under the 15 roads ranges from 2 metres in Rohini Garden to 30 metres on 2Main Road of Link Avenue in RA Puram. \"Drains in some Adyar areas need to be connected to the Buckingham canal directly,\" said the official. The 700-crore project, sanctioned under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission and started in 2010, is only 25% complete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "batticaloa", "code": "16288126", "title": "Sri Lankan Tamils seeks mandate for power sharing", "text": "Batticaloa: The Tamil political party seeking to control a Sri Lankan provincial assembly for the first time hopes an election victory Saturday will be seen internationally as a mandate for more power-sharing in ethnic Tamil-majority provinces.Tamil National Alliance lawmaker M.A. Sumanthiran today said that a victory in the Eastern Provincial Council would be a key step though the party wants more power to be devolved based on federalism.Talks have been stalled since January, and the party and the Sri Lankan government blame each other for the stalemate.The party is a former proxy to the Tamil Tiger rebels, who were defeated in 2009 after fighting a quarter-century civil war for an independent ethnic Tamil state after years of marginalisation by majority Sinhalese-controlled governments.Sumanthiran told a campaign meeting that with Sri Lanka's human rights periodical review at the United Nations approaching, the government was trying to portray to the international community that the Tamil people are not seeking political rights but are satisfied with infrastructure development.\"This is a God-given opportunity to defeat the government's scheme,\" he said. \"You must use the election as a mandate to make the international community keep its pressure on the government until a meaningful devolution is given.\"However, the TNA will not be able to form a single-party government in the province with all three major communities living in near equal proportion and the seats distributed accordingly.Sumanthiran said his party has invited the country's premier Muslim party to help form a government.Sri Lanka Muslim Congress, representing the second largest minority after Tamils, has not responded.The sitting, government-backed chief minister of the province says only reconciliatory politics with the central government would benefit the Tamils.\"We are a community that has continuously fought and destroyed. Our needs are many and they can be met only though conciliatory politics,\" said Sivanesathurai Chandrakanthan, a former child soldier with Tamil Tigers who later defected to the government and helped its forces defeat his former comrades.He said the approach of the TNA will only help politicians get positions.Varnakulasingham Kamaladhas, a social worker in the eastern Batticaloa district said the election is seen as a contest between parties prioritising development and those promoting political rights. Even though the people do not trust the government, the TNA has also been inactive at a grassroots level, confusing the choice of the voters.\"The people are frustrated and there is also a possibility that the people may stay away from voting.\"Thirty-five seats are to be filled in Saturday's election with 1,470 candidates. The province has more than a million registered voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16291031", "title": "Government sanctions 4crore to upgrade hospital", "text": "CHENNAI: Chief minister J Jayalalithaa held a meeting of senior ministers andofficials at the state secretariat in Chennai , where it was decide to initiate a magisterial inquiry into the disaster , biggest in the history of the Sivakasi fireworks industry . The government also sanctioned 4.5 crore toupgradethe governmenthospital in Sivakasi by equipping the burns ward with an emergency treatment unit , an operation theatre , a plastic surgery unit , an orthopaedic centre and 30 more beds. This hospital would now come under the MaduraiMedicalCollege .A series of blasts ripped through Om Shakthi Fire Works at Mudalipatti in Virudhunagar district on Wednesday , reducing to rubble 40of 48 sheds in theunit .Many diedin thefire thatspread after theexplosions . Sixty-one people are undergoing treatmentin differenthospitals .Those arrested included R Paul Pandi (30 ), who had taken the factory on lease , his brothers R Mahendran (28 ) and R Pandithurai (24), foreman U Udayakumar (31 ) and six workers . While Pandi and Mahendran were arrested on Wednesday , the rest were nabbed based on the information provided by them . Police have booked cases under IPC sections 286 (negligent conduct with respect to explosives ), 337 , 338 (causing hurt ), 304 A (causing death by negligence ), 9 B(1a)of theIndian ExplosivesAct and Section 5of the Explosive SubstancesAct .Police said Pandi started as an agent for manufacturing units , supplying firecrackers to north Indian traders . As orders startedflowing tohim ,hedecided to supply the goods himself and took Om Shakthi Fire Works on lease last year . They saidP andihasconfessedthathe was in a hurry to complete the orders and make as much firecrackers as possible before officialsshutthefactory . Virudhunagar SP Najmul Hoda saidthey haveformedspecial teams to arrest the owner , Murugesan . Inquiries revealed thatMurugesan wasin Sivakasi on Wednesday ,butcouldhaveescaped after the accident . Police have also launched a hunt for several others who held supervisory positionsin theunit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16290082", "title": "Where quota is above merit", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rishi Pal must have been just a toddler when Prabhu Nath Singh started his career as an engineer in UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) in 1971. Some 40 years later, Pal, himself an engineer but recruited as a scheduled caste candidate in UPPCL in 1989, stands on the verge of becoming Singh's boss - ironically, not on the basis of merit but because of the policy of reservation in promotion.The example sums up what the said bill on reservation in promotion envisages, even as over 18 lakh employees continued to be up in arms in UP alone. The ruling SP threw its weight behind the agitation on Thursday when SP spokesperson and MLC Rajendra Chaudhary joined the protesting employees and reiterated party's stand of opposing the bill.Ironically, the ruling Samajwadi Party's attempt to back up the agitating employees of general and OBC category against the bill may not bear desired fruits. Reason: the bill happens to be of mandatory applicability. That is, if it's passed by both houses of parliament and state assemblies with 2/3rd majority, it would automatically become applicable in UP, even if UP assembly trashes it.That would revert back over one lakh employees of the general and OBC category, who were promoted only three months ago after SP stormed to power in March earlier this year. \"One can understand the state of mind hundreds and thousands of people from the general and OBC category will be going through these days,'' said Shailendra Dubey, president of Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti, which has been spearheading the employee agitation in UP against the said bill.The bill, once passed, will have its applicability from June 17, 1995 and will allow employee of SC/ST quota to vault over each and every other category to lap up the top seats. \"What kind of equality are they speaking of?'' asked Sandeep Pandey, of UP Abhiyanta Sangh. The bill, agitating employee said, has not only dented their enthusiasm but has left no other option but to hit the streets.It was no surprise then that employees locked their offices and sat on a dharna that prolonged for a better part of the day, paralyzing department's function. The effect of the agitation was seen in government departments like irrigation, PWD and even some of the state run corporations.Employee of SC/ST category, however, continued to work. President of Arakshan Bachao Sangharsh Samiti, KB Ram, while condemning the attempt of protesting employee to lock the gates of offices said that they would continue to work.The fate of hundreds of thousands of employees is set to be decided in the next few days as the UPA government at the centre tries to get through the controversial constitutional amendment.This is not the first time that the provision of reservation in promotion has been raked up in Parliament.It was first raised in Parliament on June 17, 1995, when Parliament introduced a sub-clause in Section 16 (equality in opportunity) paving way for reservation in promotion. However, a division bench of Justice R K Sabbarwal and Justice Veer Pal Singh termed the amendment 'unconstitutional'.The Supreme Court then took into account the Indra Sawhney vs Union of India case of November 16, 1992, in which the apex court had said that reservation may be granted only during recruitment. The BJP-led NDA government later brought in three constitutional amendment Acts between June 9, 2000, and January 4, 2002, paving way for not only reservation in promotion but also consequential seniority.However, on October 19, 2006, the SC went by the M Nagaraj case which spoke of taking into account not only inadequacy of representation in the services and backwardness of the SC/ ST, but also efficiency of administration. It was this case that the apex court took once again in April this year while upholding the high court verdict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16293608", "title": "KHRA seeks relook into Vizhinjam study", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala hotel and restaurant association (KHRA) has written to the ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) seeking a relook at the methodology used by Asian Consulting Engineers Pvt Ltd (ACE) while collating data for their environmental and social impact assessment (ESIA) study of the proposed international container transshipment terminal at Vizhinjam.While ACE is yet to finalize its ESIA report, those in the tourism trade have questioned the accuracy of the data collated by L&T; Rambol, which the KHRA claims to have served as the basis of the ESIA study.The KHRA in a letter written by Thiruvananthapuram unit president G Sudhiesh Kumar addressing the expert appraisal committee on CRZ (MoEF) chairman Naraesh Dayal and MoEF director Lalit Kapur said, \"The report says only three resorts will be affected in the project location, while there are 31. L&T; Rambol, who is the main EIA consultant for Vizhinjam international seaport limited (VISL), has not even once consulted a single member of the tourism sector.\"A few members of the KHRA who had assisted the ACE team in their interview process have complained that no one in the ACE team could speak the local language, which might have compromised the quality of the interview process.Meanwhile ACE chairman Suparna Mallick said, \"We cannot address each and everyone's problem. My team was there for three months. Why did they not speak up then? This is a draft report. Once the report is presented to the public, the stakeholders will be given a chance to debate our findings,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16294169", "title": "First promotional song of Bhojpuri film industry", "text": "Superstar of Bhojpuri cinema, Vinay Anand is busy shooting for the promotional song of his upcoming movie 'Khooni Dangal'. This is the first time that a promotional song is shot specially for a Bhojpuri film. And Vinay is very excited for this.Khooni Dangal is an action movie and is made under the banner of Suhani Suhana Films and is produced by Sanjay Kumar and direction is by Shridhar Shetty. Vinay Anand, Sudeep Pandey, Apoorva Singh, Divya Shri are the stars in the movie. Vinay Anand has also recorded a song in his voice for this movie.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16293636", "title": "Don\u2019t come with real estate motives, says Kerala CM", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Chief minister Oommen Chandy said that investors, who attend the Emerging Kerala meet, with real estate motives will have to return empty handed. \"Not an inch of land will be sold for projects approved in the meet. Can you think any secret business deal is possible in Kerala?,\" he asked the editors of various media organisations in the state during an interaction ahead of the Emerging Kerala meet on Thursday.Chandy said the priority of the meet would be idea sharing and projects that are really needed for the state's development, will be given priority. He also clarified that land will be given on lease for the approved projects and that too for short periods. Allaying fears expressed by environmentalist about polluting projects, Chandy said environmental impact analysis will be made compulsory for all projects.The chief minister expressed his willingness to hold talk with the opposition to sort out their differences. \"The UDF has made a public call to the opposition, asking for their cooperation. We are ready to give convincing replies to all queries of the opposition. But, how can we do that if they refuse to discuss the matter,\" he asked.Industries minister PK Kunhalikutty said the projects that will be discussed in the meet won't eat away large chunks of land or harm our environment. \"We need to extend a cordial welcome to those who come here with ideas and investment. There is no point in viewing the meet with a closed mindset,\" said Kunhalikutty. He also requested all not to spoil the meet by mixing politics with it.Both the CM and the industries minister admitted that there had been lapses in their attempt to make the meet as much transparent as possible. \"I work from an office which is under web camera surveillance. I don't switch off the camera when some persona non grata come visits me. Similarly, I thought of placing all ideas in the website so that the public can study them and debate,\" Chandy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288825", "title": "HC raps state over \u2018headless\u2019 rights panel", "text": "MUMBAI: The \"headless\" Maharashtra state human rights commission (SHRC) has come under the scanner of the Bombay high court. A PIL pointing out that the SHRC has been functioning without a chairperson and two members for months has been filed and the high court has issued a notice to the state government to respond.SHRC chairperson, former high court Chief Justice Kshitij Vyas resigned in February. Two members' posts also became vacant after Justice (retired) V G Munshi and T S Singaravel retired. This had resulted in the panel being dysfunctional.According to the PIL, there are over 4,000 cases, many featuring complaints against police authorities, pending before the commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16290573", "title": "Oil companies to be told to print driver info on trip invoice", "text": "KOCHI: In order to check the practice of unqualified drivers transporting hazardous goods, the Motor Vehicles Department (MVD) has decided to make it mandatory for oil companies to print the name and licence number of drivers on the trip invoice. The deputy transport commissioner has convened a meeting of representatives of oil companies on Friday, in Kochi, to discuss the issues and remedial measures for safe transit of hazardous goods.A meeting of MVD officials convened by the transport minister earlier had instructed top officials to take urgent measures to ensure safe transportation of hazardous goods. \"We have chalked out a slew of measures. We will discuss the issues with the representatives of oil companies,'' said V J Antony, RTO, Ernakulam. He said once the name of the driver is printed on the invoice, it will help MVD officials identify if they are eligible for driving these vehicles as per the standards set by the oil companies.MVD officials say a group of drivers who meet all the conditions prescribed by oil companies is exclusively engaged in driving tanker lorries from the LPG units of various oil companies. Such drivers charge Rs 150 to Rs 200 just for taking the lorries out through the checking points on the company premises.\"After that, they would handover the vehicle to drivers who are not properly trained. Most of these drivers don't even know anything about transport emergency card and handbook on emergency measures in case of accident,'' an MVD official said.In the wake of Chala mishap, MVD has started checking of tanker lorries carrying hazardous goods. They booked 72 bullet tankers in Kochi on Wednesday night. Most vehicles had only a driver when the law demands that there should two drivers in national permit lorries. Kochi: In order to check the practice of unqualified drivers transporting hazardous goods, the motor vehicles department (MVD) has decided to make it mandatory for oil companies to print the name and licence number of the drivers on the trip's invoice. The deputy transport commissioner (DTC) has convened a meeting of oil companies' representatives on Friday in Kochi to discuss the issues and remedial measures for ensuring safe transportation of hazardous goods.A meeting of MVD officials convened by the transport minister the other day had instructed top officials to take urgent measures to ensure safe transportation of hazardous goods. ''So, we have chalked out a slew of measures in this regard. We will discuss the issues with the representatives of oil companies,'' said V J Antony, RTO, Ernakulam. '' Once the name of the driver is printed on the invoice, it will help us identify whether they are eligible for driving these vehicles as per the standards set by oil companies,'' he said.According to officials, a group of drivers who meet all the conditions prescribed by oil companies is exclusively engaged in driving tanker lorries out from the LPG units of various oil companies in Kochi.'' Such drivers charge Rs 150 to 200 just for taking the lorries out through the checking points on the company premises. After that they would hand the vehicle over to drivers who haven't been properly trained,'' an official with the MVD said. '' Most of these drivers do not even know anything about transport emergency card, a handbook on emergency measures in case of accident,'' he said.In the wake of the mishap at Chala, the motor vehicles department has started checking of tanker lorries carrying hazardous goods. They booked 72 bullet tankers in Kochi on Wednesday night. Most vehicles had only one driver when the law demands that there should two drivers in national permit lorries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293383", "title": "Bob Biswas to come on small screen", "text": "\"Namoshkar.. Ek minute\" - The famous Bob Biswas is striking back. The killer from 'Kahaani' is going to be sketched in a cartoon series. Not only that, you will get t-shirt with the innocent killer face right in the market.Saswata Chattopadhyay has also revealed that he will be seen on TV soon, which embarks a new Kahaani for the extraordinary character! Source: http://bengalimovies.org/news/bob-biswas-going-small-screen-10585", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288097", "title": "Posh living is polluting homes", "text": "MUMBAI: Civic doctors have identified flora specific to Mumbai that could be triggering asthma or aggravating allergies. Pollen, for instance, has been acknowledged as a trigger for respiratory ailments. Also, fungi, molds and dust mites, not expected in a hot climate, are stalking city homes.The findings are from an ongoing study undertaken by KEM Hospital's Department of Chest Medicine and Environmental Pollution Research Centre. Doctors, who set out to study the effect of environmental factors on asthma, have since January zeroed in on 468 homes in Khar, Andheri and Borivli, covering 540 Mumbaikars. After an initial census and round of questionnaire circulation conducted by social workers, medical experts armed with peak flow meters and portable spirometers visited homes to assess residents' lung functions. They collected pollen grains and fungal spores by hanging slides near windows in the identified homes.Of those with asthma, nearly 3.5% were found to have been affected by environmental factors, according to preliminary findings. \"For the first time, we can say with authority that there is pollen in Mumbai's air that acts as an asthma trigger in some Mumbaikars,\" said Dr Amita Athavale, head of KEM Hospital's chest medicine department. It is usually believed that fungus is not common in desi homes due to India's tropical climate. But the KEM study found that it is as common in Mumbai as in Western cities.Blackish cottony growth on home walls could be telltale signs of fungi, warn doctors. \"Leakage in walls and ceilings is one of the commonest causes for fungus to breed in Mumbai homes,\" said allergy specialist and honorary professor at JJ Hospital, Wiqar Sheikh, who pointed out that dust mites were more common triggers than fungi.Homes where air-conditioners run through the night and where windows are not regularly opened for airing are particularly prone to fungal growth. \"People leave ACs on the whole night and leave home the next morning without opening the windows. The environment in the rooms continue to be moist, preparing favourable grounds for fungal growth,\" explained Dr Athavale.But chest specialist Dr Rohini Chowghule said that while fungi and pollen grains would be present in the city's air, it is difficult to pin them down as the main cause for asthma and allergy among Mumbaikars. \"Only if a person's lungs are weak will fungi and pollen have effect,\" she said. The main reason for asthma's incidence in Mumbai, she said, was urbanization. \"In villages, you barely get people with asthma. In cities, changing lifestyles, along with indoor pollution, cause the ailment.\"Sheikh advised Mumbaikars to safeguard themselves against such allergens by taking small yet significant measures such as removing carpets and indoor plants, fixing leakages that leave indoor dampness, switching over from cotton pillows and mattresses to foam and getting pest control done regularly. Athavale suggested opening homes to fresh air and sunlight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16291083", "title": "Himachal Pradesh to take over Faridkot Maharaja's land in Shimla", "text": "SHIMLA: While benami land deals have become a major poll issue in Himachal Pradesh , mutation of 280 bigha land at Mashobra in Shimla, once owned by Maharaja of Faridkot, Harinder Singh, held in the name of Maharawal Khewaji Trust, Mashobra, in 1990 by revenue officials, has left government officials puzzled as they have failed to trace the whereabouts of trustees, owning the precious chunk of land in Queen of Hills. A decade after the mutation, a probe has now been ordered to fix responsibility while the process to vest the land with government has been initiated.Holding the mutation of 280 bigha land, worth several hundred crores of rupees, revenue officials had apparently ignored the provisions of section 118 of HP Land and Tenancy Reforms Act of 1972 and HP Ceiling on Land Holding Act, 1972. Section 118 bars outsiders from buying land in the state, making it clear that non-agriculturist cannot buy land, the Ceiling Act provides that individuals or trust can own a maximum of 150 bigha land and that excess of this would be vested with government.Ironically, officials ignored these provisions and facilitated the mutation without verifying the addresses and other credentials of trustees. As the issue came to light during budget session after BJP MLA from Arki, Gobind Ram, raised the issue in the house, revenue officials started the process to trace the trustees, owning the prime land in Shimla.The search however failed to bear any fruit as there was no record of trustees available with the revenue department. Shimla district administration had even raised the issue with Punjab government and Fardikot administration, but to no avail. Suspecting it to be a case of benami land deal, the district administration has marked a probe by sub-divisional magistrate (SDM).\"Revenue officials in 1990 held the mutation in the name of trust without verifying the credentials of trustees. We have now started the process to take over this land from trust,\" said a senior official. In the monsoon session of assembly, government in its reply had admitted that Maharawal Khewaji Trust owns 280 bigha of land but the name and addresses of its trustees are not available in the revenue records. The government further said that the trust was not registered in Himachal Pradesh.According to sources, Raja Harinder Singh of Faridkot, in his will, had given ownership of land to a trust, but who all are the trustees has become a matter of investigation now, as there is no record of trustees with the state government. During the transfer of land, even section 118 of Land Revenue Act has been violated, sources said. In 1988-90, Raja Harinder Singh had handed over this 280 bigha land to Maharawal Khewaji Trust without taking permission from government to transfer the land to trust, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289979", "title": "Hairdresser killed in Vasant Vihar", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 28-year-old hairdresser was found murdered at his rented accommodation in the Ber Sarai area of Vasant Vihar on Thursday afternoon. He had been strangled to death, said cops. Vimal had moved to Delhi from Nepal five years ago.\"Vimal used to stay alone. We suspect the involvement of someone familiar to Vimal since the entry to the house was friendly,\" said DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma. A case of murder has been registered at the Vasant Vihar police station.The body was discovered by the caretaker who grew curious because of the foul smell coming from the house. \"The caretaker hadn't seen Vimal the entire morning. When he went up around 2pm, he found that the door was open and the body was lying in the bedroom. He immediately informed the landlord,'' said a senior cop.Cops said Vimal worked at a saloon at Rajouri Garden. \"The house was ransacked though it didn't have anything too valuable. We are probing the case from all angles, including personal enmity,\" said the officer.Vimal had been staying at the house for the past six months, said locals. Sources at the saloon said he hadn't reported for work after Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16289068", "title": "2 teachers held for raping minor student", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: In a shocking incident, a minor student was raped by her two teachers at Ankisa village in Sironcha tehsil of Gadchiroli district.Sources said a nine-year-old girl student of Laxmikantyya Public School was raped by teachers on August 28. Accused Alvis Mormukh and Hari then threatened her not to disclose the incident.When parents of the victim learnt about the incident on September 3, they filed a complaint with Asaralli police station. Medical examination of the victim was carried out in Gadchiroli on Wednesday. After doctors confirmed rape, Asaralli police arrested the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16289145", "title": "Car dealer fined Rs 15K, asked to return money after failed sale", "text": "MUMBAI: A car dealer will have to pay Rs 15,000 as compensation to an Andheri resident for failing to return the money that she had paid for a car that the dealer never delivered to her.The woman cancelled the deal and sought a refund after the dealer told her that the Volkswagen car she booked had not been launched three months after the promised time of delivery. Tornado Motors Private Limited will also have to return Rs 50,000 paid as advance for the car.According to the complaint filed by Shivangi Chowdhary, on January 8, 2012 she had booked a Polo model at the dealership. She paid Rs 50,000 and the dealer assured her that the car would be delivered in February. However, she got no response from the dealer even in March.When Chowdhary enquired with the dealer, she was told that the car manufacturer, Volkswagen, had not started producing the particular model. After waiting for a while, Chowdhary decided to cancel the booking and informed the dealer about the same. Despite this, the dealer did not return her money. Aggrieved, she filed a complaint on April 20.The dealer did not respond to the notice sent by the forum. The forum then decided to pass an ex parte order.Among other documentary evidence, Chowdhary also submitted a receipt she had received from the dealer, which proved that she had paid the amount to the dealer. Further, Chowdhary also submitted a copy of her bank passbook. According to the forum, this also proved that Chowdhary had paid Rs 50,000 to the dealer.The forum stated that under the circumstances, where she had waited four months for delivery and the car was yet to be launched, she was right in terminating the deal.The forum observed that the dealer had failed to return the money and did not even respond to Chowdhary's request to cancel the deal. This, the forum, said amounted to deficiency in service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16290137", "title": "Neighbourhood parks will be green again", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Neighbourhood parks will bloom again!Seventy resident welfare associations (RWAs) have shown interest in the municipal corporation's offer to maintain green belts and neighbourhood parks in their sectors.About 1,600 neighbourhood parks lie neglected, with MC expressing its helplessness to maintain these for want of staff. Sector 21 residents' welfare association has already approached the civic body to adopt these. Its president Baljinder Singh said,\"We have written to the MC that we are ready to maintain all the neighbourhood parks (20) and greenbelts (2) of our sector. Soon, we will submit the required papers. Residents will look after these well.\" President of Sector 32 residents' welfare society R S Kaura said, \"In a recent meeting, all the members unanimously decided to adopt nine parks of the area, as it seems to be the only way to keep the sector clean and green.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289547", "title": "India vulnerable to global terrorists: IB", "text": "New Delhi: In an attempt to sensitize top cops of the country about new trends in international terrorism, Intelligence Bureau (IB) chief Nehchal Sandhu on Thursday said the attack on an Israeli diplomat's vehicle in the Delhi earlier this year indicated India's vulnerability to the designs of global terrorists to attack non-Indian targets.\"The attack on the Israeli vehicle with an innovated IED on February 13 indicates that India will not be spared by international terrorists seeking to attack non-Indian targets on Indian soil. This incident brings to the fore the need to be sensitive to the trends developing in the sphere of international terrorism,\" Sandhu said, addressing chiefs of state police, paramilitary forces and intelligence agencies during a security meet.Use of cyber space by terrorists to radicalize vulnerable youth and to spread \"motivated rumours\" for creating communal disharmony was also discussed in the meeting. These matters came up in the context of the recent Assam violence, exodus of northeast people from several cities and arrests of over a dozen educated persons, including a DRDO scientist, for plotting terror strikes.Setting the tone for the meet, home minister Sushilkumar Shinde pointed to terrorists using internet and social networking sites, taking advantage of the \"anonymity that the user acquires in this medium\".As part of efforts to face these new challenges, Shinde told top cops that the ministry had constituted a nine-member standing committee of director generals of police, headed by the IB chief, to suggest \"best practices and SOPs for any aspect of police operations and also recommend assessments on any issue of national security\".The minister, however, preferred not to mention the controversial anti-terror body, NCTC \u2014 in contrast to his predecessor P Chidambaram who not only conceived the body but also pitched for it as an instrument to deal with terrorism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16288921", "title": "Over 7 thousand diploma seats vacant as Mafsu fails to start admissions", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Maharashtra Animal and Fisheries Science University (MAFSU got its new vice-chancellor on Tuesday in the form of Aditya Kumar Misra, it has tough road ahead in normalizing operations. The university is slowly recovering from a host of scams including recruitment one that have rocked it. All this led to suspension of then VC Arun Ninawe along with other senior officials.The university is yet to commence admissions to its popular diploma in livestock management and dairy products, even though academic session started two months back. This is affecting thousands of students, especially from rural areas of Maharashtra. Admissions to over 7,000 seats in 119 colleges under the university are yet to begin.\"We don't know what to do. The students are visiting the colleges daily and enquiring with us. MAFSU authorities are not responding to our queries. It will be very difficult for us to complete the syllabus in the prescribed period of 180 days,\" a representative of one of the colleges told TOI. He stated that after waiting for long, the students had begun migrating to other courses and colleges will be at loss as seats won't be filled up. \"Every college has 60 seats for this two-year course. We will have to close down this course, if MAFSU fails to act,\" he said.The colleges as well as students are awaiting admission dates even as university authorities failed to give any reason for the delay. Dean of diploma admission PD Deshpande told TOI admissions were delayed as they were conducting scrutiny of the colleges. \"A majority of colleges don't have the required infrastructure and the university has launched a drive to inspect all of them,\" he said adding that for this diploma course, colleges must have farms and animals like cows, buffaloes and goats.He further stated that they had also sought compliance report from all colleges and many of them failed to submit it in time. \"This also led to delay. Though we are taking time, we will follow the norms so that in future, quality wasn't affected,\" he said.The dean informed that the university will give any college found wanting a time frame to improve. \"Only if they fail to raise necessary infrastructure will we stop admissions. We will be very particular on the issue of the faculty and will stress on filling up all vacancies,\" he said. Deshpande added university would curtail Diwali vacations and conduct extra classes to complete the course. \"Exams are conducted in April-May as it is an annual pattern course and it will provide us enough time to complete the syllabus,\" he said.Sources, however, cited shortage of employees and various scams as reasons for delay in admissions. Also, many of Mafsu's employees including assistant professors, senior clerks, and superintendents were suspended for being illegally recruited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16289460", "title": "10 dengue cases reported in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: After private hospitals were issued notices asking not to declare any case of dengue on their own, a total of 32 suspected cases have been forwarded to the district health department. Out of these, 10 are from Noida and the rest from Delhi and Ghaziabad. \"Only after a patient has been verified by the National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme in Delhi, will the case of dengue be declared. Declarations made by private hospitals can lead to panic among the general population. There is a process in place and it needs to be followed,\" said Dr RK Garg, CMO, Noida.Orders were placed on the private hospitals to report any cases of suspected dengue to the district hospital. After which the district hospital will forward the patient to the National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme in Delhi.\"The report for these cases take 8 hours to come through. They will be declared tomorrow. Out of the 32 cases, 10 are from Noida and the rest are from neighbouring areas,\" said Satendra Kumar, district malaria officer.Health department officials said that the cases of malaria till now have been restricted to rural areas of the district. \"Most of the cases that have come up till now have come from Jewar and Dadri belts. We are taking steps to ensure that the breeding of mosquitoes is kept to a minimum. Anti-larva sprays are being used in places that we have identified as risk areas,\" added Kumar. The district hospital has witnessed a sharp increase in malaria cases with 99 people already being reported to have been affected by the health department till July. While the health department maintains that there have been no cases of dengue so far, private hospitals claim that they are regularly dealing with dengue cases along with malaria cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16290823", "title": "Victim\u2019s family accuses cops of insensitivity and rudeness", "text": "MUMBAI: Trupti Padwankar got the call on her cellphone around 9.30am on Thursday. The voice on other side said, \"Your husband is dead. Come to Rajawadi Hospital to collect the body.\" He identified himself as a cop from Parksite police station and hung up.Unable to believe the claim, 30-year-old Trupti asked her father to ring back on the same number. \"When he phoned back, the person replied that he is a policeman. The cop said that Sachin had died in an accident and asked us to reach the hospital,\" said Trupti's sister Swati.The first phone call has compounded the trauma suffered by Sachin's family. The 34-year-old died on Thursday morning, when an out-of-control police vehicle slammed into him in Vikhroli. \"This was a shockingly insensitive way to inform the victim's family about the incident,\" said Swati.The family said the police's thoughtlessness might have done irreparable harm. \"The call left Trupti in shock. Even my brother-in-law's elderly parents were not informed till evening. My father called Sachin's elder brother Rajnish, who reached Rajawadi Hospital to complete the procedures to claim the body,\" said Swati.Sachin's relative Navin Chendwankar said the policemen at Parksite police station were rude with the family and uncooperative. It was, in fact, the cops at Rajawadi Hospital who helped them finish the formalities. \"The incident has ruined the life of several people. Sachin was a jovial person and was close to his family members . He is survived by his wife, a twoyear-old daughter, elderly parents and two brothers. They hail from a middleclass family,\" said Chendwankar.Chendwankar said Sachin was a commerce graduate and was earlier employed with a private firm in Navi Mumbai. He got a job at DHL's Vikhroli office a year and a half ago as a back office executive. \"He celebrated his third marriage anniversary in April,\" he said.An officer at Parksite police station claimed the call could have been made by \"some locals pretending to be cops since no policeman would behave that way\" . When asked about the force's alleged insensitivity, deputy commissioner of police (Zone VII) Mahesh Ghurye refused to comment. He just said there are hundreds of police personnel attached with the police stations in his jurisdiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16290672", "title": "Skyscrapers along BRTS corridor soon", "text": "AHMEDABAD: By January 2013, there will be 200 AC BRTS buses plying on 85-kilometere-long uninterrupted corridor and a smart card will be your ticket to ride. These are the promises that the Ahmedabad Janmarg Limited (AJL) made to Amdavadis on the opening day of the three-day Asia BRTS Conference organized in the city.The city's municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra went a step ahead and announced that a proposal is pending with the state urban development department where 300 to 500 meters on both sides of the BRTS corridor will be open to development for tall buildings. \"I would not reveal the FSI limits as that is yet to get government approval. The BRTS was ushered in for a transit-oriented development,\" said Mohapatra.\"However, there is a catch. The permissions will be based on earthquake micro-zonation maps, soil type and structural stability issues. Being an earthquake prone city, not all places along the corridor can have tall buildings,\" he added.Mohapatra also asserted that by the end of 2014, the city will have 135-kilometer-long BRTS network in place. By 2020, an Amdavadi would have access to a public transport system every 500 meters, he claimed.Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , who inaugurated the conference, went further to announce the formation of Multi-modal Affordable Transport Authority (MATA) which would plan, buy mass transport vehicles, built infrastructure, decide on fares and even govern all transportation networks in the state.\"MATA will ensure management of not just an intra-city but an intercity metro network, BRTS, regional rail and ensure that a commuter has the last-mile connectivity. This mega transport governing body, MATA would be the first of its kind in the country and would go well beyond the concept of metropolitan transport authorities, Modi claimed.The CM also announced the formation of a special authority that will develop waterways offering ferrying services for passengers and goods along the 1,600 kilometer long coastline of Gujarat. \"If one were to go to Mumbai, a sea-ferrying services on a larger portion of Gujarat's coastline will offer a faster mode of transport than getting to Mumbai by road. Construction on the Ghoga-Dahej ferrying services has already begun,\" Modi said.Even a 500-km-long stretch of Narmada water canal would be used for ferrying services, he said. Interestingly, the government had recently announced installation of solar panels covering the canal, it will be a challenge to run streamers ferrying goods underneath the solar panels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16290710", "title": "Cept student molested", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A student of Center for Environmental Planning and Technology ( Cept) University has filed a police complaint of molestation. He has stated that a drunken man tried to harass her late on Wednesday night. The passers-by and locals caught the man and handed him over to police.According to Gujarat University police, Smriti (name changed) stays as a paying guest near Darpan Crossroads and studies architecture. She was coming back to her place around midnight when a man came near her and started passing lewd comments.\"She has told us that the man then tried to hug her and when resisted, tried to tear her top. She then started screaming and auto drivers and residents came to her rescue. Sensing trouble, the man tried to flee but was caught and beaten up,\" said police.The man was later identified as Dhruvil Shah, a resident of Sabarmati. He was found drunk by the police. \"Questioning is on to know why he attempted the molestation. He has been charged for drinking and molestation,\" said the official.Police said that Shah has filed a counter-complaint against two girls and members of public for beating him up.He has said that he knew the girl and was intervening in a fight among students, when the incident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16290053", "title": "BJP to distribute CDs on Assam violence, coal scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: In what is bound to be seen by the Opposition as a \"communal and political spin\", the state unit of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has decided to distribute literature and CDs showing the situation in Assam after the recent communal violence and details of coal scam to the party workers, who in turn will make the masses aware about the two developments.The decision to this effect was taken at the meeting of party working committee members here on Thursday.Already opposed to \"pro-minority policies\" of the Samajwadi Party government in the state, the saffron party, it seems, has taken a hardened stand on the issues of communalism and corruption to strike a chord with the voters, who in the early 90s got attracted towards the party for leading the Ayodhya movement.Continuing with same tone and tenor, the BJP has decided to distribute CDs and literature of situation after Assam violence and Coal-gate to the party workers throughout the state. After going through the literature and watching the CDs, the party workers had been directed to then make the common man aware about the two issues, party state president Lakshmikant Bajpayi said adding, there is anger among the people over the scams, Assam violence, Muslim appeasement policy of the SP government, etc.The BJP's state unit would also set up a helpline service through a toll-free number. Through the number, any person throughout the state can tell the party about his/her problem, said Bajpayi adding, that subsequently efforts would be made by the party office-bearers and workers to solve the problem.Party spokesperson Vijay Kumar Pathak said that it is the failure of state government that people are making a beeline at the janata darshan of the Chief Minister.Meanwhile, BJP leader Kirit Somaiya on Thursday questioned the role of Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal in connection with the Coalgate scam. Somaiya said as the investigations into the scam had started, Jaiswal should also clarify his stand that whether or not he himself had benefited from the dubious allocation of coal mining blocks. \"We would like to know from our coal minister that if Vijay Darda paid the family of Manoj Jaiswal, who is related to coal minister, 12 billion rupees through a third party deal, then how much money does Sriprakash Jaiswal himself have in unregistered firms or firm registered under a third person's name,\" he said. Somaiya further said that scams have been depriving the nation, which is in a dire need of development.This reflects the fact that the Akhilesh Yadav-led government has failed to provide relief to the people. Pathak added that in such a situation, setting up of toll-free number would help the people to get relief.Optional trimHowever, once the popularity graph of the party-with-a-difference started dipping as Ram wave started abating by late 90s, the number of party MLAs in the UP Assembly came down to less than 50. Party insiders also see several other reasons for the party's downfall, including hardliners gradually replacing moderates at the helm of affairs in the state.The UP assembly election results probably acted as wake up call for the party leaders at the national level after the party candidates could grab only 47 seats in the 401-member UP assembly. A hardliner face Dr Laxmikant Bajpayi replaced Surya Pratap Shahi as state BJP president after the latter stepped down taking moral responsibility.Conincidently, the ruling Samajwadi Party known for pro-minority stance came to power in UP. As expected, the state BJP leaders protested several decisions taken by Akhilesh-led SP government claiming that they were a bid to appease members of minority community ignoring the members of other community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16290724", "title": "Govt-Revolutionary Marxist Party pact behind the demand for CBI probe", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Revolutionary Marxist Party (RMP) demanded a CBI investigation into the larger conspiracy behind the murder of T P Chandrasekharan following an understanding it had reached with the government. Sources said the special investigation team (SIT) that probed the case favoured a CBI probe after the investigation had reached a critical stage.The SIT was of the view that only a central agency could carry forward the investigation as it may involve interrogating senior leaders of the CPM.The SIT came to a dead end after the arrest of CPM Kozhikode district secretariat member P Mohanan. The pressure from the CPM to prevent police from going beyond Mohanan was so intense that some members of the SIT were hesitant to walk the extra mile.The SIT communicated its limitations to the RMP leadership and Chandrasekharan's wife K K Rema before preparing the charge-sheet in the case. The agreement between the RMP and the government is that a CBI probe would be ordered after the charge-sheet is filed.The SIT has made it clear in the charge-sheet that the investigation would be continued to find out whether more persons were involved in the conspiracy.The RMP raised the demand for a CBI probe after the magistrate court had completed the scrutiny of the charge-sheet.It is expected that the government would positively reciprocate to the demand as agreed earlier.At a meeting convened by the ADGP (Crimes) at Thiruvananthapuram last month, the officers in the SIT had expressed their view that it would be ideal to hand over the investigation to the CBI.They felt that a central agency would be more comfortable in dealing with the situation arising out of the arrest of senior CPM leaders.Sources said the SIT had identified a CPM state secretariat member who had a crucial role in the conspiracy behind the murder.The team is of the firm view that a conspiracy and murder of this magnitude would not have been possible without the connivance of the state leadership of the party. But police consciously halted the probe with P Mohanan, keeping the door open for a CBI investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16290602", "title": "Rainfall deficiency down to 10%", "text": "PUNE: The rainfall deficiency for the country as a whole has gone down to 10% below average for the first time this monsoon season as 73% of the country's total area has now recorded normal rain.Of the India Meteorological Department's (IMD) 36 sub-divisions across the country, Lakshadweep is the sole area that has recorded excess rain, while 23 sub-divisions have recorded normal rain for the season, so far.Another 11 sub-divisions continue to reel under the effects of deficient rain, while Saurashtra and Kutch in Gujarat is worst placed with a high deficiency of 60% below average, which is described as scanty rain.In meteorological terms, an excess rainfall refers to 20% or more than the normal rain recorded by an area for a given period, while normal rain refers to 19% above or below normal. Similarly, deficient rain refers to 20% to 59% below normal while scanty rain is 60% to 99% below normal.Geographical region wise, the east and northeast India and the northwest India are facing a deficiency of 15% and 14% below normal, while the central India, which includes Maharashtra, and the south peninsula are facing deficiency of 6% below normal each. All these regions had a deficiency of over 25% below normal by the end of July.Senior IMD officials here have attributed the recovery to the good rainfall recorded in August and the first week of September compared to the highly worrisome scenario in the first two months of the June-to-September monsoon season.In the last week, between August 30 and September 5, the country recorded 63.8 mm rainfall, which was 31% in excess of the normal of 48.9 mm for the week. A total of 19 sub-divisions, including all four sub-divisions in Maharashtra, recorded excess rain while eight sub-divisions received normal rain. Another nine sub-divisions recorded deficient and scanty rainfall.The rainfall last week was better than the preceding week, between August 23 and 29, when 13 sub-divisions each had recorded excess and normal rain and the remaining 10 were in the deficient category.In its first-stage long range forecast (LRF), the IMD had predicted, on April 26, normal rain for the country as a whole at 99% of the long period average (LPA) of 89 cm for 1951 to 2000. The forecast was revised to 96% of the LPA in the second stage LRF released on June 22. The IMD then predicted 98% rain for July and 96% for August with a model error of 9% for both.On August 2, the forecasting agency released its outlook for the season's second half, predicting below normal rain at 91% of the LPA with a model error of 8% for August and September combine. It did not make a prediction for September.Speaking to TOI, IMD's lead forecaster D S Pai said, \"The actual rainfall for July was 87% of the LPA as against the prediction of 98%. Considering the 9% model error, our forecast for July was off the mark by 2%. This was further set off by the over 100% rain recorded in August as against the prediction of 96% of the LPA for the month.\"Pai said, \"The IMD did not issue any forecast for September but had said that the rainfall in the second half of the month will not be good owing to the likely emergence of a weak El Nino condition. So far, the rainfall has been good and we have to see how the situation pans out by the end of the season.\"Meanwhile, there are no signs of withdrawal of the southwest monsoon yet as good monsoon conditions prevail in the northwest and the central parts of the country. \"The withdrawal won't happen quickly and may be delayed by a week,\" an official from the IMD's weather forecasting section said.Normally, the monsoon withdrawal commences after September 1 from the extreme northwestern parts of the country. Synoptic features like cessation of rainfall over the area for five continuous days and considerable reduction in moisture are considered for declaration of the first withdrawal from the northwest India.Further withdrawal is declared considering the spatial continuity of rain and reduction in moisture. The withdrawal from entire country happens only after October 1, when the monsoon exits the southern peninsula and the wind circulation pattern indicates a change from the southwesterly regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16294058", "title": "State to host global education meet: Rabb", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state would soon host a global education meet, said education minister P K Abdu Rabb on Thursday.He was speaking on the sidelines of the scholarship distribution for higher studies instituted by the Kerala State Higher Education Council (KSHEC). The minister said that preparations for the meet are in the pipeline. \" The government is in consultation with vicechancellors of universities in state and education specialists regarding the conduct of the meet,\" he said.Meanwhile, sources in the education department said that the idea was still in a budding stage and no solid proposal has been framed yet. The previous UDF government had conducted a global education meet in 2005 in Kochi.The minister said that the recommendations made by the Hridayakumari Committee to revamp the choicebased credit and semester system (CBCSS), which was submitted to the government, would be seriously considered. \"All recommendations made by the committee will be seriously considered by the government and those which can be implemented will be done immediately,\" he said. The report was submitted to the minister at the function.The minister took potshots at the universities in the state saying that they were delaying many of their duties like conduct of the exams, evaluation and declaration of results. \"The universities are not doing things in a time-bound manner, which will affect the future of the students,\" he said.The recommendations made by the Hridayakumari Committee will be seriously considered by the government and those recommendations that can be implemented will be approved immediately Abdu Rabb| EDUCATION MINISTER", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288440", "title": "Sea rock redevelopment: \u2018No deal with ex-CM for nod\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Indian Hotels Company Ltd , which runs the Taj group of hotels, on Thursday denied that they had colluded with former chief minister Ashok Chavan to obtain permission and benefits to reconstruct Hotel Sea Rock at Bandstand.The company also refuted allegations that they had tried to cheat the Maharashtra government. \"The government has not shown or given any undue largesse to the company. We also deny that Indian Hotels has colluded with the then chief minister (Ashok Chavan),\" said Rafiq Sayed constituted attorney of the company in his affidavit. \"We do not have any nefarious, discreditable or scandalous motive of cheating the government. We have not adopted any unscrupulous means to procure sanctions,\" he added.The group plans to build a 40-storey hotel on the plot. According to lawyer Sonia Sood, who filed a PIL against the nod given to the hotel, the then CM V Deshmukh granted the project an FSI of 2.5. His successor, Ashok Chavan, hiked the FSI to 5.5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16290245", "title": "UGC picks fault with selection of secretary", "text": "New Delhi: After more than five years without a secretary, the University Grants Commission (UGC) shortlisted one person through an interview on Tuesday. However, on Thursday, the full commission raised objection with the process followed by the interview panel and asked UGC to start it all over again.Sources said the commission has not pointed out any problem with the shortlisted candidate Akhilesh Gupta, a scientist with the department of science &amp; technology, but with the entire process.Many members pointed out that the interview board did not follow an important directive of the department of personnel &amp; training that makes it mandatory for boards to have representatives from SC/ST or minority community. \"It is an unprecedented situation for UGC and a big loss of face. UGC would have to advertise again, fresh applications would come,\" a member said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16295817", "title": "Very frail senior citizens can benefit from exercise", "text": "All seniors, even those considered frail, can enjoy the benefits of exercise in terms of their physical and cognitive faculties and quality of life, according to a new study.But these benefits appear after only three month, said Dr. Louis Bherer, PhD (Psychology), Laboratory Director and Researcher at the Institut universitaire de geriatrie de Montreal (IUGM), an institution affiliated with Universite de Montreal, who carried out the study.This discovery is excellent news, as increased life expectancy has also increased the number of frail seniors in our communities.In geriatrics, frailness is characterized by decreased functional reserves in an individual, which increases vulnerability to stressors and the risk of adverse health effects.Frailty is associated with a higher risk of falls, hospitalizations, cognitive decline and psychological distress.\"For the first time, frail senior citizens have participated in a study on exercise thanks to the collaboration of medical doctors at IUGM, who provided close medical supervision. My team was able to demonstrate that sedentary and frail senior citizens can benefit from major improvements not only in terms of physical function but also brain function, such as memory, and quality of life,\" stated Dr. Bherer.In this study, 43 of the 83 participants between the ages of 61 and 89 years, some of whom were considered frail, took part in group exercises (3 times a week for 12 weeks), while the control group of 40 participants did not follow the exercise program.Compared to the control group, trained participants showed larger improvement in physical capacity (functional capacities and physical endurance), cognitive performance (executive functions, processing speed and working memory) and quality of life (overall quality of life, recreational activities, social and family relationships and physical health).Most importantly, benefits were equivalent among frail and non-frail participants suggesting that it's never too late to engage in exercise intervention programmes.\"We hope to adapt the exercise program used in the study and make it available to the public through the seniors' health promotion centre that the IUGM is developing. We believe that by transferring our research findings to the public, we will help both healthy and frail senior citizens stay at home longer,\" Dr. Bherer concluded.These findings were published online on the Website of the Journals of Gerontology .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16295760", "title": "Rape case: French Consulate official Pascal's bail plea adjourned to September 10", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court today adjourned to September 10 the bail petition filed by French Consulate official Pascal Mazurier, arrested on charges of raping his three-and-a-half-year-old daughter.Justice H N Nagamohan Das adjourned the hearing to Monday next after Mazurier's wife Suja Jones filed an application before the court impleading herself as the second respondent in the case which was accepted.Counsel for Mazurier S Mahesh wanted to file objections following which the court adjourned the matter. Mazurier, Consular Attache to the Consulate General of France in Bangalore, had moved the High Court on August 7 seeking bail.On August 21, when the matter came up before Justice V Jagannathan, he had adjourned the hearing asking the State to file its objections. Suja Jones's advocate Pramila Nesargi wanted to intervene in Mazurier's bail hearing, but the defence lawyer had objected to it on the grounds that no petition has been filed by her. Mazurier, in his petition, had pointed out that as per the report of the test conducted by the Forensic Sciences Laboratory (Bangalore), his DNA profile did not match with that of the child.The Fast Track Court-I had on July 27 rejected his plea for bail while observing that \"though DNA test has not tallied with the DNA profile of the accused, bail cannot be granted to him only on this ground.\"Mazurier was arrested on June 19 after police booked him for raping his daughter based on a complaint filed by his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16290005", "title": "Olympic success will promote games other than cricket: Sachin Tendulkar", "text": "NASHIK: India's cricket god and the recently appointed Rajya Sabha MP Sachin Tendulkar lauded the success of Indians at the London Olympics and hoped that it would encourage games other than cricket.Sachin who was in Nashik on Thursday in connection with the launching of a housing project, of which he is the brand ambassador, said, \"It is a very positive and healthy sign that India won as many as six medals in the Olympics. It will definitely help narrow the gulf between cricket and other games. The other games too will become popular and that, I think, is good for the overall progress of sports culture in India.\"He added, \"Remember, their success has not come overnight. It is a result of the hard work put in by the players, sacrifices they have made, the professionalism they and their coaches have adopted and also due to the encouragement, support they have received from their families, sponsors, sports associations and others. In short, it is result of a combination of many factors.\"He said he was happy that people were supporting other games with keen interest. He added that an atmosphere conducive to different sports is being developed in India and as a Member of Parliament he will try his bit to help the culture grow.Saying that this is only his third visit to Nashik, he traced his journey as a child to becoming an internationally famous cricketer. \"As a child, I was attracted to tennis and cricket but my elder brother advised me to take up cricket.\"\"But I was sent to a cricket ground because I was very naughty in my childhood and the people in the neighborhood used to complain about my incessant pranks.\" He entertained the gathering by telling them about some of his pranks. Sachin's friend and cricket scribe Sunandan Lele interviewed him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16294516", "title": "Vijay Badlani to join Mahhi Vij on Savdhaan India", "text": "Recently, it was written about Mahhi Vij returning to television post Laagi Tujhse Lagan with Savdhaan India- India Fights Back on Life OK. However, there is one more name to add on for the series.Vijay Badlani, currently seen in Sahara One's Tujh Sang Preet Lagai Sajna and was last seen in BBC production's telefilm for Star Plus will share the screen space with Mahhi Vijj for the same.The episode which is produced by Rowdy Rascals is based on the very famous case of baby Tanaaz, who was badly abused by her parents.In this particular episode Vijay Badlani will essay the character of Rajeev, wherein Mahhi will essay Dr. Anju, Rajeev's wife.When contacted, Vijay Badlani confirmed his presence and stated, \"I am shooting for Savdhaan India since past few days but I can't divulge anything about the plot.\"The episode is expected to go on air by 12th of September, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16291039", "title": "Interviews on Sunday, postings within 24 hrs in Chautala Raj", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Om Prakash Chautala-led Haryana government in 2004 held interviews on a Sunday and issued appointment letters within 24 hours to eight candidates who were elevated to Haryana Civil Services (HCS) posts. This hasty move by the government was aimed at favouring a few relatives of politicians and bureaucrats and circumvent judicial proceedings.According to a report by the CBI, which probed the case following a Supreme Court order, the interviews were held and recommendations for nomination to HCS were made on the same day (October 3). The next day (Monday), the chief secretary received the recommendations, processed the file and put it before then chief minister Om Prakash Chautala . He approved it within hours and appointment letters were issued and the selected candidates joined duty on the same day.In its probe report, the CBI said the \"undue haste was shown in order to circumvent judicial proceedings\". A case on the matter was to be taken up by the Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday (October 5, 2004). Apparently, expecting a stay on the appointments from the court, the government completed the entire process within 24 hours, the CBI report said.The CBI report has recommended filing of cases against Chautala and then transport minister Ashok Arora for changing the selection criteria and ignoring merit to nominate a few relatives of top bureaucrats and politicians. Two former chief secretaries - Sunil Ahuja and A N Mathur - then principal secretary to CM B D Dhalia (now an INLD leader), then principal secretary (transport) R N Prasher (now chairman of Haryana Electricity Regulatory Commission), then revenue secretary K C Sharma, who is the vice chairman of Haryana Kala Parishad now, are also facing criminal charges.The CBI sought directives from the SC to file cases against them under Prevention of Corruption Act and for cheating.The investigating agency claimed that the decision to change the eligibility criteria (increase in the age limit from 45 years to 50 years and reduction in the minimum required government service from 5 years to 3 years) was taken by Chautala to \"unduly benefit\" a few candidates.\"The relaxation of criteria was specifically aimed at benefiting Dalia's son Anurag. It was done with deliberate intent with the sole objective of favouring certain candidates as part of criminal conspiracy,\" the CBI said in its report submitted to the SC.\"Dalia was also instrumental in getting the guidelines related to annual confidential report grading altered, which helped his son top the merit list,\" said the CBI. Anurag and a relative of then transport minister, Navin Kumar Ahuja, were among the direct beneficiaries of the change in the ACR grading.One among the eight selected candidates, Devi Lal Sihag, was inspector in transport department. It was alleged that when Sihag was working as traffic manager at Hisar, the Election Commission had asked the state government to transfer him for allegedly addressing a public meeting in favour of the ruling party.\"But the transport department, in violation of the prescribed rule, recommended his name for HCS post and he was finally selected,\" the CBI report said.The Hisar transport commissioner had initially recommended another traffic manager, Khoob Ram Dudi, on August 31, 2004 for the post but the same officer changed it and sent Sihag's name on September 2 well after the deadline for the recommendations ended on August 31.\"Both Prasher and Ashok Arora were aware of the fact that Sihag was not the most eligible candidate for the nomination. They were also aware that only one name was to be recommended by each department and that a name once sent to the chief secretary was not to be changed under any circumstances. Both of them had initially noted in the file that Khoob Ram was the best candidate for the recommendation,\" the CBI report said.\"Arora was not present in Chandigarh on August 31. However, he put up a note on the file on August 31 where he approved the proposal of R N Prasher by mentioning that the recommendation of Sihag had already been sent. Documentary evidence revealed that Arora returned to Chandigarh only on September 2 which established the fact that he had put up a back-dated note to justify the recommendation of Sihag on the last date of sending the recommendations,\" said the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16288094", "title": "How to spot a terrorist? Haveri police tells you", "text": "HUBLI: Persons who place an order but leave a restaurant in a hurry without eating could be terror suspects, says a blog set up by the Haveri police department. In the wake of the arrest of 14 persons in Hubli and Bangalore over their alleged links with global terrorist outfits, the Haveri police department has decided to get proactive and tech savvy too. It has started a blog alerting people on how to identify possible terrorists through behavioural patterns and actions. The aim? To create awareness among citizens about terrorist activities and alert them on suspicious movements of anti-national elements.This apart, the police department has also created a separate blog on its website alerting people to take precautionary measures while renting out their houses to strangers.The police department has asked house owners to register details of the tenant, including name, permanent address, phone numbers etc, passport details, to keep watch on any unusual activity in the rented flat or suspicious visitors or movements and keep local police informed.Speaking to TOI, Haveri SP Chetansingh Rathod said that after the recent arrests, they posted blogs on the police website to alert citizens. \"Our main aim is to target the educated class, particularly youth by educating them on movements of suspected terrorists and steps to be taken while renting out the houses to the strangers,\" he said.Rathod said they were receiving good response from the general public. \"People now know about measures to be followed while renting out houses. It will give us good tip-offs and help us keep an eye on the movement of suspected people in the district,\" he added.Kiran Patil, a BBA student, said the website was an eye-opener. \"I became aware of behaviours shown by terror suspects and this will help me identify them in future. If I come across any such elements, I will immediately inform the police, said Patil.SUSPECT SIGNSHaveri police's tips on identifying a terror suspect:Someone loitering suspiciously in a parking lot, govt building, school or playground.Those who leave the restaurant without having food after placing order.Anyone who leaves his gift pack, bags, brief case, lunch/tiffin box in a vehicle or crowded place. It could be a terror object.Anyone exiting a bus, train or cinema hall quickly, leaving his bag behindKeep watch on those who visit any religious scholar, preaches violent revenge or writes books on the historic injustice done to a particular religion or incites people to violence in gatherings", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "16291105", "title": "Incessant rain makes apple harvesting difficult", "text": "MANALI: The prolonged rainy season has brought difficulties for orchardists in upper Kullu, where apple harvesting has just begun but rains are making plucking of fruit difficult.An apple grower in Burua village, Roshan Lal said his fruits have ripened and need harvesting but he is not finding enough time to spend in the orchard. \"The sky remains overcast and it rains every day. We barely get a couple of hours to harvest the apple crop,\" he said.The orchardists are finding it difficult to coax the labourers to work in orchards. \"We hire labourers for the entire apple season. Now, if they have no work to do because of rain, we still have to pay them for the whole day,\" complained another grower Chuni Negi.Apple season in the lower belt of Kullu is almost over, while in upper areas it would last till the end of this month. Lack of proper sunlight has made apple plants prone to premature falling of leaves, scab and fungal diseases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16290539", "title": "Maya bar raid: Five get bail", "text": "PUNE: The court of judicial magistrate first class G G Kamble on Thursday granted bail to the five people who were arrested for allegedly organising a party at Maya lounge bar in Wagholi on Sunday.The suspects included two partners running the lounge, Harmeet Sahani and Ibrahim Abdul Zaheer Abbas , two managers, Saud Anwari and Shreyas Tanna, and disco jockey Venkatesh Pomgatti.The suspects were released on personal bonds of Rs 15,000 each. They were directed to give attendance at the Pune rural police office in the third week of every month, on Monday and Friday between 1 pm and 3 pm. They were also directed to co-operate with the police whenever they were called for questioning.Earlier, assistant police inspector S B Ghorpade produced the suspects before the court. The police filed a plea, seeking police custody remand of Abbas and Sahani alias Kuki Singh for seven days and prayed to send the remaining three suspects to magisterial custody.Assistant public prosecutor A S Kumbhar submitted before the court that custodial interrogation of the two was essential for arresting another disco jockey, Sayyed Kasim, and lounge bar co-owner Anjali Rajnish Nirmal.Defence lawyers Viraj Kakade, Sachin Thombre, Gaurav Jachak, Sangram Bhosale and Omkar Ukarande opposed the prosecution's plea saying that custodial interrogation of their clients was not essential for tracing the absconding suspects. The lawyers pleaded to send their clients to magisterial custody.eom/as", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "16289142", "title": "Dam-affected families get compensation", "text": "KALYAN: The state government on Thursday handed out the first installment of the Rs 30-crore rehabilitation package it had set aside for 737 families whose land it acquired to raise the height of the Barvi dam in Badlapur.During a visit to the Murbad MIDC area to inaugurate a new fire station, industries minister Narayan Rane also distributed amounts ranging from Rs 3 lakh to Rs 21 lakh in compensation to 25 families. The decision to finally disburse cash was taken recently, after the state decided to complete all dam-related pending work on priority basis.The Barvi dam, one of the important dams in Thane district, is situated in Badlapur and supplies water to Badlapur, Ambernath, Ulhasnagar, Kalyan-Dombivli, Bhiwandi and Mira-Bhayandar municipal corporation areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293955", "title": "Madhil Mel Poonai", "text": "Vijay Vasanth, the son of businessman Vasanth, is making his debut as a hero in this film. He has earlier acted in movies like Chennai 28 and Nadodigal.Madhil Mel Poonai is a thriller and ?Vijay Vasanth said, \"I want my movie to do well We have given our best. It is a thriller which we shot in dense jungles. it has come out well.\" The actor also added, \"Even if I come from a business family, acting is one eye for me. I will balance my business and acting career.\"Vibha plays the heroine in this flick. The villains in the film are Karthik, Prabha, Ramesh. Thambi Ramayya and Meera Krishna share screen space also playing the key roles in the movie. The lyrics for Madhil Mel Punai have been penned by Yugabharathi and Thamarai. Predics Creations Pvt Ltd. presents Madthil Mel Punai which is set to hit the screens this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16295008", "title": "Vit E-enhanced soup prevents childhood asthma", "text": "Scientists may have found cure for childhood asthma in a soup.They have modified a range of commercially available soups to boost vitamin E levels and hope pregnant women consuming the products will have babies with built-in protection against asthma.Previous research has shown that women lacking vitamin E in their diet give birth to children who are more at risk of developing asthma by the age of five.The team added natural ingredients containing the vitamin, such as sun-dried tomatoes, sunflower oil, beans and lentils, to canned soup.In a pilot study starting in the next month, 25 women 12 weeks into their pregnancies will be given three bowls of vitamin E-enhanced soup a week. Another group of 25 women will eat ordinary soup, but neither will know what variety they are getting.Lung function tests performed on the mothers'' babies during the first week of life will look for any early signs of asthma.The treated soups contain about 3mg of vitamin E. They are designed to raise daily intake of the vitamin from the current national average of 8mg to around 15mg, which is recommended for good health.\"The ultimate aim of this research is to reduce the prevalence of asthma by an effective, inexpensive, acceptable and safe public health dietary intervention,\" the Independent quoted study leader Professor Graham Devereux, from the University of Aberdeen, as saying.\"If successful, the proposed intervention could form the basis of public health dietary advice to pregnant women that could reduce the prevalence of childhood asthma by 15-20 percent within five years,\" Professor Devereux added.The soups come in three flavours - cream of tomato, lentil and tomato, and three bean and pasta.Prof Devereux said it is not certain that vitamin E alone protects against childhood asthma. For this reason it is important to use natural sources of the vitamin containing a rich mixture of nutrients rather than a supplement.\"It could be the vitamin E, it could be the vitamin E in combination with a number of other nutrients. If it works, it works,\" Prof Devereux added.He presented details of the research tat the British Science Festival at the University of Aberdeen.The soups are being produced in collaboration with Scottish food company Baxters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16290290", "title": "House panel raps WCD ministry for delay in empowering NCW", "text": "New Delhi: A parliamentary committee rapped the women and child development ( WCD) ministry for dragging its feet on giving more teeth to the National Commission for Women (NCW). The ministry blamed NCW for delay in submitting the annual report, including audit report, of the women's body in Parliament. The committee, chaired by Congress MP Chandresh Kumari, said delay in submitting the report was a \"recurring feature\".The 50-member committee on empowerment of women had asked the ministry to implement suggestions of the NCW by amending the NCW Act, 1990, and give the body additional legal and investigative powers on the lines of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC).In its 12th report presented to Parliament last December, the committee had \"strongly commented\" on non-implementation of the suggestions and urged the ministry to assess the NCW's performance within six months and analyze the issues involved in giving the women's body additional power.Instead of examining the reasons for delay in amending NCW Act, the ministry \"has chosen to vehemently defend it in the camouflage of guidelines\" issued by the finance ministry , the committee noted in its 17th report presented to Parliament on Wednesday.According to these guidelines, NCW's performance must be evaluated by an independent, impartial and reputed agency. Giving additional legal/ investigative powers has also been linked to the outcome of the evaluation study \"which is at a nascent stage\".The committee said the ministry should \"address the reasons responsible for its low performance in regard to inordinate delay\" in this regard and ensure that the report is available by the end of current fiscal.The ministry also drew flak for delay in submitting annual report along of the NCW with action taken report and audit report to Parliament. \"The Annual Report which pertains to the year 2008-09 was presented to Parliament in March 2011,\" the committee noted. In 2008, the reports for 2003-04, 2004-05 and 2006-07 were laid in Parliament. The committee said \"if the annual reports are not laid before Parliament in time, the very purpose of their laying is defeated\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293744", "title": "Don\u2019t drink or do drugs anymore, says Bradley Cooper", "text": "Bradley Cooper has revealed that he was once just as wild as his 'Hangover' character, but gave up drinking after smashing his head open during a crazy night out in his twenties.The 37-year-old actor has insisted that he now lives a clean and sober life and hasn't touched alcohol or drugs since he was 29.\"I was at a party, and deliberately bashed my head on the concrete floor, like, 'Hey, look how tough I am!' I did it again (and) I spent the night at St. Vincent's Hospital with a sock of ice, waiting for them to stitch me up,\" Contactmusic quoted him as telling The Hollywood Reporter.Cooper now admits that he is glad he turned his back on his wild past.\"I don't drink or do drugs anymore... Being sober helps a great deal... I remember looking at my life, my apartment... and I thought, 'What's happening?'\"I realized I wasn't going to live up to my potential, and that scared the hell out of me. I thought, 'Wow, I'm actually gonna ruin my life. I'm really gonna ruin it',\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16290075", "title": "Teachers, students slam DU reforms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as Delhi University started deliberations on reforms in higher education through the two-day academic congress, teachers and students protested outside the venue calling it a 'farce' on Thursday. The academic congress was inaugurated from the Vice Regal Lodge, the office of the vice chancellor of DU, where Prime Minister's adviser Sam Pitroda addressed a packed hall through video-conferencing from the US. He underlined the challenges of higher education and the need for innovation.DU vice-chancellor Dinesh Singh said that the focus is to work out a robust system for the four-year-undergraduate courses to be rolled out from July 2013. With the focus on new system, Singh said: \"Pitroda said in the morning that we will have to think out of the box if we want the education system to flourish. In the next 15 years, the average age of the population is going to be 14 years. How will the existing classrooms accommodate them if we do not think out of the box? If we cannot do it by July, we will have a lot of problems later. The country will be in a major crisis if we stagnate in the present.\"But around 50 metres away, outside the Arts Faculty, teachers and students backed by Left parties staged a demonstration, calling it an 'unacademic congress' to push through 'undemocratic reforms'.Dressed in black, students also acted in a street play. In a joint statement, protesters stated that \"the VC is busy creating new and closed bodies of handpicked participants to push his agenda of four-year undergraduate programme with multiple exit points, meta college and meta university. The academic congress is an attempt to manipulate public opinion\".The VC, however, said the congress was an ideal platform for brainstorming about the reforms that are lined up in the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16290344", "title": "Amanishah occupants unlikely to get relief", "text": "JAIPUR: The affected parties and residents in Amanishah Nullah are unlikely to get relief from the Supreme Court despite having the legal rights of land in the catchment area. To avoid legal hassles in razing down the construction in the catchment area, the JDA too is planning to file a caveat in the Supreme Court.After receiving jolt from the high court, the hopes of the legal right holders seem to be dim. Legal experts believe that even if the Khatedari right holders seek respite from the Supreme Court, the decision may go against them. \"The HC gave its decision based on the existing laws and verdicts in the similar cases in past. It is unlikely that SC will overrule such decision,\" said Poonam Chand Bhandari, counsel for petitioner.There are a number of occupants who possessed government documents establishing their land-title rights (Khatedari rights).The court, however, directed the JDA to act against even those who had Khatedari rights in the nullah's catchment area.On the other hand, the JDA will be filing a caveat in the Supreme Court to avoid any legal hassles in their exercise to demolish the illegal constructions. \"We will surely file a caveat but when we will do it will be decided in the high level meeting on Friday,\" said an official.Following the orders of the high court, JDA on Thursday carried out the demarcation process in a stretch of 9.5 km starting from Gonair to Bambala puliya. \"We carried out the inspection and found no encroachment. Our next target is to cover 14.5 km on Friday. Simultaneously, we are also giving the notices to encroachers and will soon carry the demolishing process,\" added the sources.However, the consensus over centre point and width of nullah are still a bone of contention which could turn out to be a ray of hope for some settlers. JDA has started giving notices but the widths of the nullah at many points are yet to be identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16291279", "title": "Trio cloud-sources silver lining to dream", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three friends - an actor, a documentary filmmaker and a musician - wanted to embark on a journey of a lifetime. They wanted to ride to the starkly beautiful barren landscape of Leh and back on bicycles. However, all they had was a dream and empty pockets.But just a three-line appeal on a cloud-sourcing website brought the whole world to their doorstep. People from across the globe offered them bicycles, the necessary gear to ride them and the money to make a film on their journey.The trio - documentary filmmaker Janantik Shukla, actor Mitesh Sushila, and musician Yogendra Sanyawala - is giving final touches to the film after having completed the journey recently. They are hoping that the celluloid version of their experience provides insight into the land, the people who live in these hostile climes, the peace of Buddhist monasteries, yak, Pashmina and the Ibex.\"In our appeal, we had promised prospective financiers a postcard from the world's highest post office, a copy of the documentary film, a picture of the landscape and mud from Ladakh,\" says Janantik . \"We had sought two favours - that our contributors host our journey on their Facebook pages or contribute money only if they believed in our journey.\" They collected Rs 25,000 from the appeal, enough to feed them through the 25-day journey.A leading international bicycle manufacturer offered them bicycles and also to train them to repair their cycles. Slowly, funders from the US, the UK and New Zealand - countries with strong biker communities - contributed. The journey spanned Lahaul Spiti and Zanskar region of Ladakh, Khardung La Pass and the ancient silk route at the height of 5,486 m that connected Nubra Valley. Only Sanyawala could not complete the journey was he was unwell.\"Bicycles teach you to believe in yourself. In the long journey, from Surat to Leh, hundreds of strangers encouraged us and fed us for free. At the top of Tagjlang La peak, another group of strangers celebrated our feat with song and dance. We were floored,\" says Sushila. \"Tagging with us were Spanish couple Koko and Narta who had left their jobs in Spain to bicycle across three continents ,\" says Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16289911", "title": "No vijay for motorists as roads do the vanishing act in Fatorda", "text": "MARGAO: Portions of roads in many parts of Fatorda have done a vanishing act, leaving behind huge craters that are virtually death traps for pedestrians and two-wheelers.The road from Arlem junction to Raia particularly lies in a terribly bad shape. The bitumen layer has simply has disappeared and the dangerously big potholes are sure to break a bone or two of anybody who lands into them.The road at Agalli is also paved with potholes making the task of maneuvering the vehicles a risky affair, especially when it is raining.PWD executive engineer Vijay Mardolkar, who took charge of his posting in Fatorda a few days ago, said he has taken note of the sorry condition of the roads and has vowed to do everything possible in his means to improve the condition of the roads.\"With regard to the Arlem-Raia road, the work of road repairs is being undertaken on a daily basis,\" said Mardolkar.He added that he has given instructions to all the assistant engineers to undertake the work of hotmixing the damaged roads and filling of potholes as and when there's a dry spell before Ganesh Chaturthi.\"The asphalting of the roads can be taken up immediately after the rains,\" Mardolkar told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16292341", "title": "Ayush docs stir enters second day", "text": "BHOPAL: The statewide indefinite strike of Ayush doctors comprising ayurveda, yoga, unani, sidda and homoeopathy practitioners entered the second day on Thursday. Protesting against the alleged indifferent attitude of the state government, Ayush doctors are demanding better pay scale and filling of vacant posts. However, refuting the impact of the strike health officials said that services in Ayurveda and Homeopathic hospitals functioned as normal.\"The Ayush department has failed to utilise a budget of Rs 18 crore and vacant posts have not been filled despite assurances from the government,\" said AYUSH doctors association state president Dr Ajay Awasthi. \"We have received support from some 24,000 Ayush doctors in the state,\" he added.In Madhya Pradesh , there are about 20,000 ayurveda and homeopathy doctors, besides 2,400 unani practitioners. Ayush federation are demanding filling of some 2,400 posts in primary and community health centres are vacant, apart from some 600 posts in National Rural Health Mission (NRHM).Meanwhile, minister of state for medical education and AYUSH, Mahendra Hardia, has said that the state government is alive to problems of AYUSH department and AYUSH doctors. In an official press release, he said on Thursday that it is improper for AYUSH doctors to go on strike since as far as their demands are concerned, the state government and Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan are actively considering them. Process is being undertaken to fill up vacant posts of the department through Public Service Commission and Professional Examination Board. Hardia said that doors of dialogue are always open and every problem can be resolved through dialogue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16288515", "title": "Govt withdraws 8 cases against ABVP members", "text": "BANGALORE: With assembly elections around the corner, the ruling BJP has withdrawn cases against members of ABVP, its students' wing. No reason was given for this decision.The cabinet meeting on Thursday approved the withdrawal of eight cases registered in Dharwad, Raichur, Chikkaballapur, Bidar and Haveri districts against ABVP activists. Barring one case, all other cases were booked in the past three years under the BJP tenure for vandalizing public property, disrupting academic council meetings and manhandling police on duty.The cases* Hubli-Dharwad district satellite police station (2010): On August 20, ABVP activists formed an unlawful assembly and entered the office of Karnatak University protesting against fee hike. They damaged public property* Dharwad suburban police station (2007): Activists went to the office of vice-chancellor, Karnatak University to submit a memorandum. Since the VC was at a meeting, a university official came to receive the memorandum. Insisting that the VC receive the memorandum, the accused trespassed into the senate hall, and created a disturbance.* Hubli Keshavapur police station (2011): The accused formed an unlawful assembly in Keshavapur Circle on February 19 and flung stones at government buses in protest against the demolition of unauthorized religious places* Hubli Vidyanagar police station (2011): The accused on March 9 protested against Gnana Bharathi Education Trust by forming an unlawful assembly.* Raichur-Lingasugur police station (2010): On October 27, the accused trespassed into the inquiry office of KSRTC and attacked its controller causing damage to public property worth Rs 50,000* Chikkaballapur Rural police station (2010): The accused formed an unlawful assembly and stopped the convoy of the governor who was returning from Muddenahalli village. They abused police personnel and obstructed them while they were on duty* Gandhi Ganja police station, Bidar (2009): The accused formed an unlawful assembly, trespassed into the chamber of principal of Ruhi Nursing College and abused deputy director of pre-university education, who was also chief examiner, asking him to stop the examinations* Haveri Rural police station (2009): The accused formed an unlawful assembly and obstructed construction work of government engineering college and caused damage to vehicles belonging to a contractor and officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16287783", "title": "Avoid Majestic this weekend", "text": "BANGALORE: In view of the holiday weekend and heavy traffic in Majestic area, including Bangalore City Railway Station and Kempe Gowda bus terminal, city traffic police have banned parking of all private vehicles on Dhanavantri Road, Station Road, Tank Bund Road and at Khoday's Junction on September 7 and 8. St Mary's Feast falls on Saturday.Buses going towards Mysore, Kodagu and Kerala will start from MysoreRoad bus terminal. Buses going towards Tamil Nadu will start at Shanthinagar bus terminal and buses going towards Davanagere will start from Chikka Lalbagh terminal.All idle parking of long-distance transport buses is restricted to Balekai Mandi, Jakkarayanakere, NGEF terminal and New Peenya bus terminal. Passengers travelling outside Bangalore city have to take BMTC buses or autorickshaws to reach the City Railway Station or KSRTC bus terminal. Passengers travelling towards Mysore and beyond need to reach Mysore Road bus terminal.Commuters are advised to avoid KG Road, Goodshed Road, Seshadri Road, Subedar Chatram Road, Platform Road and Krishna Flour Mill Road between 4pm and 11pm on both days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16293793", "title": "RK Narayan\u2019s bungalow all set to be monument", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore bungalow where author RK Narayan wrote many of his celebrated works will now be a monument.A year after the Mysore Urban Development Authority (MUDA) declared the property a heritage monument, the government on Thursday asked the Mysore City Corporation to release Rs 2.34 crore to the MUDA for restoration of Narayan's bungalow. The MUDA will contact the novelist's family members to acquire the building and turn it into a monument.\"This clears the decks for conservation of the monument,\" MUDA commissioner CG Betsurmath told TOI.This comes exactly a year after the MCC stopped demolition of the bungalow located in upscale Yadavgiri. Within three days, the MUDA invoked the Karnataka Town and Country Planning Act, 1961, and declared the property a heritage building. The MUDA has valued the property, including the partially demolished building, at Rs 1.93 crore. The 90x120ft site itself is valued Rs 1.62 crore. The guidance value in the area is Rs 1,500 per square feet. The PWD has valued the building at Rs 31.89 lakh, he said.The restoration of the twostorey structure will give a fillip to conservation plans with Lansdowne Building next in the line. The funds are expected to reach MUDA soon as the government has ordered the MCC to release it from the State Finance Commission (SFC) grants. \"We've received the first instalment of the SFC grants,\" corporation commissioner M R Ravi said.The MUDA had, on its part, budgeted Rs 2.2 crore for the project. After the building was partially razed, urban development minister Suresh Kumar had spoken to the novelist's family members. Sources said he followed it up and issued a directive after the MUDA sent a reminder about the proposal in an August 27 letter.According to Betsurmath, the writer's family is keen on donating some of his personal belongings, including wristwatch and spectacles, to the proposed museum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16291408", "title": "Rules tweaked at will to suit babu's kin", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Former Haryana chief minister Om Prakash Chautala changed at will age and experience criteria for candidates considered for elevation to Haryana Civil Services during his tenure in 2004.For changing the rules, he gave \"weird\" and \"conflicting\" responses to the CBI, which is probing the case following orders from the Supreme Court. While justifying his decision to increase the age limit for candidates from 45 to 50, Chautala said, \"Age limit was raised to 50 years to give a chance to more experienced officials.\" Again while explaining his decision to reduce the minimum experience for candidates from five years to three, he said, \"Minimum required continuous service was reduced to three years from five to give a chance to younger candidates.\"The 81-page CBI report submitted to the apex court said the criteria of age and experience of continuous government service were changed deliberately with the sole object of favouring certain candidates. The orders to change the criteria were prepared by B D Dhalia, the then principal secretary to Chautala.\"More than the required number of candidates were available, there were no justifiable grounds on which the criteria needed to be relaxed. The change in the eligibility conditions was contrary to each other,\" the CBI report said.While holding that the rules were changed to nominate B D Dhalia's son Anurag to the coveted services, the CBI said though Dhalia recused himself from the meeting of the committee which shortlisted the candidates, he issued directives to change the criteria which helped his son.Anurag had put in three years of service and had excellent ACRs, With the change in criteria, he leaped to the top slot in the list from 34th position. He was appointed naib tehsildar on compassionate grounds in 1999, after the death of his uncle DM Dhalia. In 2004, Anurag had less than five years' service and was not eligible for nomination to HCS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16289166", "title": "Purchasing power of deans of government hospitals raised", "text": "NAGPUR: Many of the persistent problems plaguing the government hospitals in the region have been blamed low purchasing power of deans. Shortage of medicines and sophisticated machines lying unused for want of repairs may soon be things of past as the Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER) has raised the spending power of the deans of these hospitals.While the heads of city's Government Medical College and Hospital, BJ Medical College from Pune and Mumbai's JJ Hospital will now be able to spend an amount of Rs20 lakhs annually, those from Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital, Yavatmal Medical College will be able to spend Rs10 lakh. Earlier, the amounts at their disposal were a measly amount of Rs3 lakh and Rs1 lakh respectively.\"Any bill that exceeded this spending power had to be sent to Mumbai for clearance by DMER. The subsequent paper work and formalities caused delays. Due to this many suppliers had stopped supplying goods and medicines to us,\" said Dr Prakash Wakode, dean of IGMCH. The increased purchasing power will ensure that such instances do not happen in the future, he added. He said that while earlier only 35 per cent of the required drugs were available, now it was 50 per cent.Dean of GMCH, Dr Rajaram Powar, agreed saying that though it has only been fifteen days since this decision was implemented, the difference is visible in the availability of drugs and surgical equipments. \"Since we are able to clear off many bills locally, the availability of major drugs has raised to around 70 per cent. The problem of maintenance of the machines will also be solved to a large extent due to this,\" he said.DMER director Pravin Shingare had told TOI, a couple of months ago, that there are problems in increasing the purchase sanctioning authority of the deans. In an earlier interview, he had said that the decision of centralized procurement of medicines was taken after some medicines were found abandoned outside the premises of a PHC at Murtizapur. This in turn unearthed a scam.Though the decision comes as a big relief for the government hospitals, doctors from GMCH and IGMCH agree that there are some problems which the region will continue to face despite the increased spending capacity. One is that of rate contracts not being drawn and revised by the state government at regular intervals. Traders from Mumbai, Pune and Gujarat, who form a majority of the suppliers, prefer to deliver goods locally rather than at places as far away as Nagpur and Yavatmal. Some other rules also draw away suppliers from these hospitals. For instance, if a supplier is not able to fulfil the demand of a hospital within 60 days, the hospital is supposed to penalize the supplier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16292815", "title": "RD Burman returns to haunt the audience", "text": "W hile the Eros Entertainment-produced biopic on RD Burman awaits clearance from Asha Bhos le, Sunil Bohra is producing a film titled Aapke Kamre Mein Koi Rehta Hai featuring RD Burman's ghost played by Vipin Sharma of Taare Zameen Parfame.Bohratold TOI,\"My film is aboutsix friends: three boys and three girls, who form a band and are obsessed with RD Burman's music. Someone suggests they visitaparticularguesthouseinPanchgani that RD used to frequent when composing his music. That's where RD's ghost enters the plot.\" At the guest house, RD's ghost befriends the youngsters and advises them not to copy him. The rest of the filmtrackstheband'sjourneytosuccess.Thefilm,tobedirectedbyArshad Khan, starts shooting next month and is scheduled to be completed in time for RD's 19th death anniversary on January 4 next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16292503", "title": "I overreacted to Priyanka Chopra: Karan Johar", "text": "H e is one of the most powerful personalities in the industry today. Over cupcakes or  coffee, the most controversial patch ups and break ups reportedly happen at his star studded bashes. But contrary to popular belief, Karan Johar claims, that he is 'No Mr Congeniality'.For example, he isn't friends with Ram Gopal Varma. \"I can't be friends with everyone,\" Karan justifies and adds, \"I don't need to stoop down and take potshots at him anymore. He has such a great sense of humour that he takes potshots at himself.\"And as far as his everchanging equation with Sanjay Leela Bhansali is concerned, KJo seems less bothered. When asked whether the filmmaker is upset with him for poaching Kareena Kapoor, who signed Punit Malhotra's project leaving SLB's Ram Leela , Karan says, \"That is for Bhansali to answer. We are here to work. We called Bebo and she said that she has dates. And that's that.\" In fact, he tells us that he went for Bhansali's sister Bela Sehgal's film event only for his good friends Farah Khan and Boman Irani - the film's lead actors.But strangely, when it came to patching up good friend Farah with Shah Rukh Khan, Karan was nowhere in the picture. \"Sometimes it is best to let the two people in question resolve issues on their own. And I must add that I am happy they are working together again.\"However, Priyanka Chopra and he are still friends. \"I picked up the phone and reacted like a pressure cooker. Then I realised it wasn't worth it. I called her and said I was turning 40. I have a great EQ (emotional quotient) with her. I've shared several warm moments with PeeCee. Since I am the older one, I decided to be mature.\" Perhaps that's why he did not mind seeing pictures of the actress at Salman Khan's house either. \"I am only interested in what is written about me.\"Interestingly, Karan who has his share of 'non-friends' in the industry believes that relationships may sour between buddies in the same field. And his next directorial venture Student of The Year is about just that.\"The film is a mild commentary on how being in the same field, it is important for friends to rise above the situation and keep the competition healthy. If you really care for that person, it's simple. Problem arises when you are simply faking it,\" he explains.Having said that, Karan mentions that after My Name Is Khan, a film that took him out of his comfort zone, he wanted to make a fun film. And the decision to launch three newcomers followed. \"We now have a talent management unit. But strictly for those who we choose. It is important to leverage one's position and build new movie stars. Or else, you end up running after the same eight stars.\"And the three new movie stars under his talent management wing - Aalia Bhatt, Siddharth Malhotra and Varun Dhawan are special. \"Aalia wanted to be in films since she was four. And the two boys assisted me on My Name Is Khan . They would be my stand-ins for Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol,\" says their mentor and claims, \"No film school teaches you what you can learn on a Hindi film set. Going abroad and studying filmmaking or acting is just a good experience of living abroad.\"Expanding his business, throwing big bashes and managing three newcomers singlehandedly, Karan still believes that he isn't 'powerful'. \"The day you start believing you are powerful that's the end of you. Power is like electricity. Lights come on flash into your eyes and you go blind to reason,\" he leaves us thinking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16289164", "title": "Newly-appointed police chief wants cops in uniform at all times", "text": "MUMBAI: Newly-appointed police chief Satya Pal Singh on Wednesday issued a circular ordering the entire 40,000-strong police force to wear uniforms while coming to work and going home.The circular states that all cops travelling to either police stations or side branches should wear uniforms. There is no clarity over whether crime branch officials, who always work in mufti, will have to comply with the rule.The circular, which comes into effect immediately, states that it is now the responsibility of senior police inspectors, assistant and deputy commissioners to ensure that the rule is implemented. DCP (spokesperson) Nisar Tamboli said, \"This is a good move. The public will feel safe and secure in the presence of uniformed men. The move is to deter crime on the streets.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293081", "title": "Sonu Sood shoots at New Roshan Talkies", "text": "TOI spotted a crowd outside Grant Road's New Roshan Talkies, one of Mumbai's oldest cinema theatres. A scene from Sanjay Gupta's upcoming film, Shootout at Wadala, was being shot on location.The film, a prequel to Gupta's 2007 flick Shootout at Lokhandwala , is based on crime journalist S Hussain Zaidi's book, Dongri to Dubai: Six Decades of the Mumbai Mafia, and follows the journey of underworld don-turned-terrorist Dawood Ibrahim. Sonu Sood, who plays Dawood, is seen sporting a white pathani and a neatly trimmed moustache. The scene in question has Dawood and his elder brother Sabir Kaskar, portrayed by Manoj Bajpai, getting into a fight with the Pathan Brothers, who were the bigger mafia lords in the 70s. A big poster of the original Don starring Amitabh Bachchan and Zeenat Aman has been put up to infuse the look and feel of the 70s. Shootout at Wadala a lso stars John Abraham as Manya Surve, and will depict the first-ever registered encounter by the Mumbai police where Surve was shot dead at Sangam Nagar, Wadala, on November 1, 1982.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16291056", "title": "Mob gets peddlers released, damages police vehicle", "text": "JALANDHAR: Three drug peddlers were got released by residents of Ali Mohalla on Wednesday night after they were apprehended by a police party after laying a trap when they were delivering drugs to one of their buyers. A private vehicle of the police was also damaged by the assailants.Police have booked around two dozen unidentified persons, apart from the three peddlers. According to police officials, they had nabbed three youths with contraband and their questioning revealed that they were getting it from peddlers of Ali Mohalla. Police asked one of the nabbed youth, Harpinder Rana, to establish contact with these peddlers and strike a deal with them and also to fix the delivery point.Policemen in civvies accompanied Harpinder after fixing the deal and when the three youths delivered the drug, they were caught and bundled into two police vehicles. However, the peddlers resisted police action and within moments, several residents of the mohalla gathered. Outnumbering the police, they got the apprehended peddlers released. They also damaged a police vehicle.Later, additional force was rushed to the area, but the peddlers had slipped away. DCP Sarabjit Singh said that they had registered a case and that those who attacked the police were being identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16290564", "title": "Vision 2020 doable with youth power: A P J Abdul Kalam", "text": "KOCHI: Former president A P J Abdul Kalam is very sure about India's growth prospects. In the city to receive the Chava Samskruthi Puraskar 2012, he said economic slowdown in the West will not impede India from achieving the Vision 2020 mission. The award instituted by the Chavara Cultural Centre was presented to him by Cardinal George Alencherry at a function at the Sacred Heart College.The missile man of India said when Vision 2020 was formulated, the target GDP growth was 10%. \"But economic slowdown led to its decline. The country can achieve the vision if it registers a growth rate of 8-9% in the next eight years,\" he said.Kalam said the biggest resource of the country that will propel growth is its 600 million youth. \"Millions of small-scale industries across the country, IT export and cost-effective pharmaceutical industry will also help the country achieve its goals,\" he said.In response to query by a student on the significance of nuclear power for the country which as always stood for peace, he said the country's nuclear weapon capabilities are only for its self-protection.Emphasizing on the significance of research, Kalam said though there are over 400 universities in the country, the prominence of research is low. \"The 12th Five-Year Plan has laid stress on research activities and it will help overcome the lull in this area,\" he said.He said education, economic development and spirituality are essential for the evolution of the society. \"The society should evolve to respect differences,\" he said.Fr Prasanth Palakkappillil, principal, Sacred Heart College, was also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16288952", "title": "Essel will clear MSEDCL dues soon: Spanco", "text": "NAGPUR: City power franchisee Spanco has claimed the agreement with Essel Group would be finalized in two to three days and clearing MSEDCL dues would be the top priority of the joint venture. Spanco's dues have been increasing by the day and have now crossed Rs 260 crore.Sources in the franchisee company said the agreement had been finalized and it was being vetted by lawyers of two companies. A source having ringside view of the development, told TOI that the stake of the two companies would be floating till the time liabilities, future capital requirement and capital expenditure are assessed. \"The stake of the companies will be decided on the basis of these parameters and the methodology for determining it will be mentioned in the agreement,\" he said.TOI has reliably learnt that MSEDCL has given the green signal to the strategic partnership between the two companies. Smart Wireless Ltd, a special purpose vehicle (SPV) of Essel Group has bagged three franchisee tenders in three cities of Madhya Pradesh- Gwalior, Sagar and Ujjain. The company is seeking to further expand its business in power distribution sector.The source further said the management team of the two companies would evaluate the capital requirement for strengthening the power infrastructure to improve customer service and reduce distribution losses. \"There is will no change in Nagpur operations. Spanco officials will continue to be at the helm of affairs. At this moment, Essel does not have any plans to deploy anybody here. It is using all its manpower in the three cities of MP,\" he added.The source claimed that Spanco had reduced the distribution losses in the franchisee area significantly but refused to provide the figure saying that MSEDCL would announce that. MSEDCL had issued a stern warning to its franchisees that unless they were able to bring down the losses below 34% by August 15, MSEDCL would enforce power cuts. While the duration of power cuts in MSEDCL depends on the losses on the concerned 11 KV feeder, in case of franchisees the losses of the entire areas are taken into account.When contacted, Kaustubh Dhavse, senior vice-president (strategy) of Spanco, refused to comment on the issue saying that an announcement in this regard would be made at the appropriate moment. TOI had sent an e-mail to MSEDCL seeking reasons for not taking action against the franchisee for non-payment of dues but the company did not respond even after two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16288856", "title": "FDA notice to radio channel for 'misleading' ad", "text": "NAGPUR: The city branch of Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) has sent a notice to a radio channel saying that an advertisement aired by them violated the Food Safety and Standards Act (FSSA). The advertisement for a brand of vegetable oil claimed that the product reduced the cholesterol levels of the consumer which the authorities say is a misleading statement.The provisions of the Act enable the FDA to act against any manufacturer making tall claims about products. The said notice has asked the advertisers to provide copies of the agreement and communication between the channel and the manufacturer to establish who is at fault. \"The advertisement is under Section 24 of the Act that prevents misleading information being relayed through media. This is not the first notice we have sent to a media house. At least six have been sent so far,\" said Sanjay Naragude, assistant commissioner (food).Though enacted in 2006, the Act has been implemented since 2011. This Act has been opposed by manufacturers and traders. Under the Prevention of Food Adulteration (PFA) Act 1955 that preceded it, surveillance was not very strong, say the authorities. Officials of the channel said the claims have not been made by them and they only relayed the information provided to them by the manufacturers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293639", "title": "Wanted to do a happy film with Anurag Kashyap: Rani", "text": "Actress Rani Mukherjee , who has teamed up with Anurag Kashyap for his home production 'Aiyyaa', says she was not interested in doing a dark film with the director and wanted a happy, quirky movie.Produced by Kashyap and Viacom 18, 'Aiyyaa' also stars south actor Prithviraj Sukumaran.\"When Anurag came to me I told him that I can't do the kind of movies that he makes and that I don't want to do dark films. I told Anurag I want to do a happy film. I was surprised when Anurag told me he is offering me a happy film,\" Rani told reporters at the first look unveiling of 'Aiyyaa'.\"This film is mad... Funny, quirky, whacky,\" she said. For the first look of the film, Rani was dressed up like her character, adorning a yellow-green 'navvari' sari.Rani revealed that in real life Anurag is an entertaining person, unlike the kind of movies he makes.\"I wanted to do something different with him. I have known his his quirky side. As I had done dark films like 'No One Killed Jessica' and to-be-released 'Talaash', I wanted to do something different, hence chose this movie,\" Rani said.In the film Rani plays the role of a Marathi girl falling in love with a Malayali boy played by Prithviraj.\"My character Meenakshi Deshmukh is very filmy. She is a huge fan of Sridevi, Juhi Chawla and Madhuri Dixit . She dreams about them and goes in fantasy world all the time,\" she said.For the Marathi film, Rani wanted to get her dialect and pronunciation right and worked towards it. \"My director Sachin Kundalkar wanted Marathi flavour. So right from the costumes to dialogues, dialect to pronunciation, everything is set right. He helped me with the Marathi dialect as I wanted to get it right,\" she said.'Aiyyaa' is Prithviraj's debut in Bollywood , and Rani is all praises for the south actor. \"Prithvi is awesome. He is a wonderful person. He is really handsome and lovely to work with. Now I know why he is such a huge star. He is a very special actor,\" Rani said.The film is slated for release on October 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16293431", "title": "Assault on girl student heightens tension between student organizations.", "text": "MANGALORE: The alleged assault of a girl student at Bellare near Sullia, about 90 kms from here on Tuesday has resulted in a swinging match between the Campus Front of India (CFI) and the Akhila Bharatiya Vidyrathi Parishat (ABVP).On Thursday three ABVP students of Government Pre University College at Sullia were allegedly assaulted by CFI students studying in the same college with wickets pertaining to the skirmish they had on Tuesday. On Tuesday during the ABVP protest at Bellare, students in CFI had tried to prevent them from going ahead with the strike called by the former to demand the resignation of PM Manmohan Singh over coal scam.This had resulted in heated exchange of words between the two groups which allegedly culminated in the Thursday assault. At the time of going to the press, the police had visited the injured who have been admitted to a hospital in Sullia.One of them has suffered head injuries, the other two minor injuries, sources said. Sources said the Tuesday's incident where the ABVP assaulted Sabira Aneesha (20), III BA student of the college, after she slapped on of them had ended in a compromise, but when the girl, returned home the parents saw the bruise and admitted her to the hospital on Tuesday evening. The hospital sent the medico legal case file to the Puttur police who later transferred it to Bellare Police Station.Meanwhile, ABVP filed a counter case under SC/ST Atrocity (Prevention) Act on Wednesday evening when they learnt about a case against them by Sabira. On Thursday, DK district committee of CFI held a protest in the city condemning the assault incident. Asif Baikadi, state committee member of Campus Front Karnataka said ABVP has been sowing the seeds of communal hatred feelings in the college campuses. The latest assault by CFI against ABVP is likely to keep the tensions high among the student community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16287947", "title": "Did doctor make Pak trip?", "text": "BANGALORE: One of the 14 arrested terror suspects accused of going to Iran and later illegally to Pakistan in pursuance of his nefarious designs is believed to have told his brother that he had indeed been to the neighbouring country in December 2011.Police sources told TOI that arrested terror suspect Dr Jaffer Iqbal Sholapur, 26, met his elder brother Dr Zaheer Iqbal Sholapur in police custody on Wednesday and confessed that he had indeed been to Pakistan. Police have said that Jaffer's Pakistan visit was connected to his and other arrested suspects' plan to spread terror.When contacted by TOI, Zaheer, however, declined to confirm his brother's admission. \"No comments,\" Zaheer said, observing that he has been told by police and his lawyers not to speak.But highly-placed sources said that Zaheer was allowed to meet Jaffer at an undisclosed location in the city. The siblings spoke for nearly 30 minutes.Zaheer is said to have first consoled his distraught brother, asking him to have faith in law and the Almighty. When Zaheer asked Jaffer whether he flew to Iran, the latter said he had done so. When asked if he went to Pakistan, Jaffer replied in the affirmative, said police sources.Zaheer then took his brother to task, saying he had spoiled the family's reputation, claimed police sources. Jaffer's family members told police that he had told them that he was participating in a month-long spiritual programme. \"But the family is not sure which places Jaffer visited as part of the programme. His mobile was switched off during this period,\" the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16290817", "title": "108 bullets recovered from Perur lake", "text": "COIMBATORE: As many as 108 bullets were recovered from Perur lake in the last two days after a fisherman stumbled upon them, wrapped in a polythene cover and dumped inside the lake. Police said, the bullets belonged to the police department and most were unused.Police said, Kabilan, 28, a fishermen of Perur had found the bullets when he ventured into the lake to catch fish on Wednesday evening. When he ventured into the water, his feet hit a polythene bag. When he examined it, he found a pile of bullets. Kabilan rushed to the Perur police station and handed it over to the cops. On Thursday, the police conducted a search in the lake and collected more bullets. A variety of bullets used in pistol, revolver and gun was found.Police said the bullets appeared rusted and old. They suspected it was disposed off into the lake a few years ago. The Perur police sent the bullets to the arms storage officials in the department to ascertain their origin.According to police, the water level of the lake had dropped significantly. Thus, the bullets were found. E S Uma, Superintendent of Police, Coimbatore district, had issued instructions to check the bullets stock before 2008. The Perur police have registered a case and an investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16287890", "title": "Watch, learn, save the tiger", "text": "BANGALORE: Explore the life of a tiger -- from its birth to death - and how human activities impact the conservation of this predator. In his Kannada documentary, 'Hsuli Suva Daari' (Truth About Tiger), filmmaker Shekhar Dattatri talks about the big cats disappearing at an alarming rate. As per government estimates in 2011, there were less than 1,700 tigers left in the country. The 40-minute documentary, released by theatre personality Arundhati Nag on Thursday, combines stunning footage shot by leading wildlife cinematographers with insights from tiger conservation experts.The documentary will educate and provide pointers on how citizens can contribute towards saving the predator. \"Civil society has to put pressure on governments to ensure that tiger conservation happens seriously. People from different disciplines need to come together,\" said Dattatri, whose film won several national and international awards.\"This documentary is also the first film on educational tiger conservation. The pointers that citizens can take away from it is well aimed,\" said the filmmaker. He felt voluntary watchdog groups around each forest reserve can be set up to keep track of wildlife.Filmmakers to seek NGOs' supportKarnataka has a substantial tiger population and dissemination of information is a must to save the big cat, iterated filmmakers and conservationists. \"First, we have to stop denying that there is a problem area and beef up protection for the species. Political will is equally important if we have to succeed in the methods of conservation,\" Dattatri told TOI.The film has insights from K Ullas Karanth, renowned tiger biologist, Wildlife Conservation Society , who was also present at the frelease of the film. He is also the director of Wildlife Conservation Society-India Program, and along with TS Gopal, has translated the script in English and HV Nagaraj has narrated in the Kannada version.The crew and experts involved in the making of the film will now identify NGOs and distribute copies at low cost to distributors and publish it on the internet to educate masses on tiger conservation. \"We will reach out to all districts and villagers through this film on tigers and educate them on this important issue,\" said Karanth.For more information, log on to, is launched where people who are keen to know more can get more information about the insights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "florida", "code": "16291055", "title": "Chemotherapy can cause memory problems: Study", "text": "FLORIDA: Scientists have discovered that chemotherapy can adversely affect the brain causing thinking and memory problems in patients. Researchers from the Moffitt Cancer Centre in Florida found that chemotherapy drugs could lead to the phenomenon called 'Chemo brain' in which cancer patients experience mental fogginess during and after chemotherapy, the Daily Mail reported.'People living in rural areas happier': People who live in rural areas are twice as happy as those living in the cities, a new study has found. Researchers found that people living in rural areas are more likely to love where they live, than those who put up in the cities, the 'Daily Express' reported. Around 1 in 10 people living in cities claimed that they disliked the area more than three times, as many as who lived in rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagapattinam", "code": "16290909", "title": "Fallout of protests against Lankan pilgrims as fishermen attacked again by Sri Lanka navy", "text": "NAGAPATTINAM: Sri Lankan naval personnel unleashed fresh attack on eight fishermen from Vedaranyam and damaged their boat in the mid-sea on Wednesday night. However, all the fishermen returned to the shore in the early hours of Thursday. The attack comes after the recent protests against Sri Lankan pilgrims in Velankanni and Poondi Matha basilicas by various Tamil outfits.Even though the attacks on Tamil fishermen by the Sri Lankan navy has been occurring frequently of late, local fishermen believe that the latest attack was a reprisal for forcing the Sri Lankan pilgrims to cut short their pilgrimage in Tamil Nadu.As many as 100 fishermen from Aarukattuthurai near Vedaranyam in Nagapattinam district set out to sea for fishing in 25 boats on Tuesday. The attack occurred when they were fishing in the southwest direction off-coast Kodiyakkarai. On Wednesday night, the Sri Lankan naval personnel surrounded eight fishermen - Velavan, Karthik, Manikandan, Mahesh, Vetriveeran, Devadasan, Pakkirisamy and Elangovan, who were fishing in two boats. In no time, the naval personnel got into two of the boats and allegedly assaulted the fishermen with steel rods. They also damaged the overhead shed of one of the boats. They threatened the fishermen with dire consequences and let them off. The fishermen, who returned to Aarukattuthurai in the early hours of Thursday narrated the incident to the assistant director (AD) for fisheries K Gunasekaran and the police officials.\"The attacks on our fishermen keep on continuing. We are yet to find out if our fishermen violated the international maritime boundary line ( IMBL). Then we would send the report to our government for further action,\" told TOI Gunasekaran.Reacting to the situation, G Manoharan, president of Akkaraipettai panchayat said, \"The recent incidents against Sri Lankan pilgrims fuelled the burning issue of unrelenting attacks against our fishermen. Political parties in our country unnecessarily take up sensational issues to gain political mileage at the cost of our safety in mid-sea. If they are really inclined towards the welfare of our country, they must take efforts to bring a solution to our internal problems like water dispute between states. All the parties should first come forward to link the rivers in India to boost the ailing agriculture sector.\"P S Sethupathi Nattar from Vedaranyam who a member of the South India Federation of Fishermen Society (SIFFS) told TOI, \"We have a sense of impending doom that we may have to suffer attacks in the mid-sea in the days to come in the wake of the unpleasant incidents that have taken place. Some of the pro-Eelam outfits, unmindful of the serious consequences against Tamil fishermen attacked the vehicles of the Lankan pilgrims. Moreover, the Central government never took into consideration the adversities of Tamil fishermen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16289605", "title": "CM gives nod to revive women's commission", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state women's commission, which has been in limbo, will finally have a chairperson and other members soon with chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy giving his nod to revive the commission which had remained headless in the last five years.Officials of the women and child welfare department sent letters to all the cabinet ministers requesting them to recommend two-three names from each district to be nominated as members of the commission. \"Based on their experience in social work and other welfare activities, we will finalise 12 members and nominate them to the commission,\" women and child welfare minister Sunita Lakshma Reddy told TOI. Congress MLA Jayasudha's name is doing the rounds for the chairperson's post.Ever since the commission was set up in 1999, a full-member body was never appointed. The highest number of members, who held positions in the commission, was six. As per the Act, the commission can take up cases on a suo motu basis and act upon them. From the time it came into existence, the number of cases the commission has taken up has been coming down. In 2009, the number was 508, which came down to 481 in 2010 and to 415 in 2011.Mary Ravindranath was the last chairperson during YS Rajasekhara Reddy's regimeand she along with three board members stepped down following a controversy which rocked the commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "barikul/jhargram", "code": "16289743", "title": "River sweeps crowded bus off bridge, 2 die, 5 missing", "text": "BARIKUL/JHARGRAM: A river flowing well above the danger mark amid heavy rain swept an overcrowded bus with at least 66 passengers, many of them on its roof, off a culvert that serves as a bridge on State Highway 9 in Bankura district on Thursday.So strong were the currents that the bus was carried over a kilometre down the Bhairabbanki river. Two bodies were recovered, but the number of deaths could have been a lot more had villagers not braved the elements to dive into the river, pull out people from the water and drag the bus to the banks. They rescued 46 people. While Bankura DM Ghulam Ansari said the rest swam ashore, he did not give the exact number. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee said five people were missing.The bus was near the halfway point of the culvert, at Fulkushuma in the district's Barikul block, when it was swept away by a fresh surge of water in the river that had already risen to the culvert's level, fed by heavy rain over the past couple of days.The accident took place at 1.30pm, about half an hour after the Kangsabati Barrage released 5,500 cusec of water into the Bhairabbanki. The injured were admitted to Raipur Grameen Hospital and Barikul Primary Health Centre. Those who died are Jeet Ghorai (13) and Somnath Datta (27).The CM hailed the villagers' bravery and said they would be rewarded for pulling off the rescue operation as state officials were stranded at Raipur, 9km from the accident site, cut off by floodwater. The first hour of the rescue operation was entirely coordinated by the villagers. \"Most passengers have been rescued and there is no one in the bus. About five people are missing. The reward for local people who risked their lives in heavy rain to rescue passengers will be similar to the one for locals who assisted rescuing people trapped in the AMRI fire (December 9 last year). Their bravery is commendable, but I would request them to take care of their own safety, too.No one's life should be lost while trying to save another life,\" Mamata said at Writers'.It was only around 6pm that four divers from the Khatra SDO's office reached the site. Though Ansari said it wasn't possible to launch further rescue operations, the CM said she had instructed the disaster management team dispatched from Asansol to work under floodlights. Ansari said the sluice gate of the Kangsabati barrage were closed at 4pm. But Somnath Dutta, executive engineer of the Kangsabati Barrage, said, \"Given the heavy rain, we will have to release more water in the evening.\"A large portion of the Jhargram-Durgapur state highway is inaccessible as canals and rivulets along the stretch are in spate. Only the route via Mukumanipur up to Barikul is open.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16289192", "title": "Maharashtra to overhaul floor space index allotment laws", "text": "MUMBAI: In a move that will change the face of development in Mumbai, the state government has plans to overhaul laws concerning allotment of floor space index (FSI) for redevelopment projects. FSI is a development control tool that defines the extent of construction permissible on a plot and is defined as the ratio of the built-up area to the area of the plot.State sources said CM Prithviraj Chavan has already approved a proposal for the appointment of a study group that will review existing laws and recommend necessary changes.The study group comprises heads of various state departments and has been asked to submit a report in a month's time. It has been asked to review Section 33 of the development control (DC) regulations, which defines provisions for allotment of additional FSI for redevelopment projects. This move could have an impact on the development and redevelopment of mill land, slum colonies, Mhada colonies, old buildings owned by the BMC and the police, cessed buildings and cluster redevelopment schemes, among others.A senior state official said this will be the second major overhaul of the DC regulations. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had approved a proposal for change in rules of building approvals last year, which had led to reduction in discretionary powers held by the municipal commissioner.A senior bureaucrat said that Chavan has also given in-principle approval to a change in concept plan for redevelopment projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "gandhi nagar", "code": "16292367", "title": "Army man roughed up", "text": "GANDHI NAGAR: A group of people roughed up an army man near Gandhi Nagar on Wednesday evening after the four- wheeler he was driving hit two persons. He was driving a Maruti Gypsy . The police have registered a case and counter case in the incident. The first case of rioting and damaging the vehicle was registered on a complaint of the army man, S E Durai. The second case has been registered against Durai for the negligent driving on the complaint of Ramesh and Mahesh, the two who sustained injuries.The police said the incident took place near a petrol pump in the area. After the accident, the onlookers allegedly damaged the Gypsy and manhandled Durai. Ramesh and Mahesh were later admitted to a private hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16291332", "title": "Call drops likely due to new radiation norms", "text": "CHENNAI: The new radiation norms for cellphone towers may be good for your health, but there is a flip side no one's talking about. Consumers may experience inferior voice quality, increase in call drops and congestion in coming months as companies rejig networks to decrease the power supplied to their transmission towers. The new norms for towers, which came into effect on September 1, have reduced the radiation limit from 9.2 W/sqm to 0.92 W/ sqm, a 10-fold decrease. It is lower than the US (12 W/sqm) and higher than China (0.4 W/ sqm) and Russia (0.2 W/sqm). There are around 4.5 lakh telecom towers in India , of which 5% (around 22,000) don't meet the new norms. Most of these are in the core areas of Delhi and Mumbai and suburbs Bangalore and Chennai, apart from other tier-1 cities , said Rajan Mathews, director general of the Cellular Operators Association of India. To achieve the new norms without changing the entire infrastructure, companies will manually decrease the power supplied to the towers, which will bring down radiation levels. While this solves the compliance problem , it means that the coverage area of each tower goes down and more towers will be needed to cover the same area. Data services will also be affectedThis, in turn, will increase the number of 'handovers' required to complete a call. When we move from the vicinity of one tower to another while on a call, the phone searches for the closest tower and call duties are 'handed over' to the new tower by the network. \"More towers mean your phone will search and switch between towers much more frequently than before, leading to more call drops. Up to 5% of calls can get dropped due to increased handovers,\" said the chief technology officer of a leading telecom tower equipment maker, who did not wish to be quoted. \"Subscribers will not be getting the same quality.\" As companies try to move towers around or add new ones, gaps are also likely to emerge in the network, leading to insufficient coverage for both calls and data services . Most towers have both voice and data units. \"As a result of these measures , degraded services, higher congestion, lack of coverage and higher number of call drops will result for customers,\" said Rajan Mathews, director general of the Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI). Vodafone and Airtel didn't comment directly on the story and forwarded the queries from TOI to COAI.Twin issuesThere are two sides to the problem. If new towers are not installed, gaps will occur in the networks. If towers are installed to account for gaps, it will lead to a higher density of towers, which increases interference, congestion and partially defeats the purpose of the new norms -- to reduce radiation. Interference in telecom networks will be aggravated in areas with high density of buildings as well as towers. This is because signals bounce off tall buildings. A higher number of towers in a congested area can lead to a high number of reflected signals which interfere with each other, thereby leading to disturbance in calls or outright call drops. The new radiation norms are also going to stretch the existing network capacity, already under lot of pressure, to its limits. \"Because of limited spectrum allocated in India , most operators reuse the same frequencies on two different towers to enable the network to handle more calls on the same infrastructure. This reuse requires that the towers be far enough so as to not cause interference. More towers will put pressure on reuse of frequencies and will lead to more interference causing call drops and bad voice quality,\" said Mathews. \"Operators don't have an option . They can't let go reuse of frequencies since their networks are already stretched thin.\"3G to be more affectedA3G tower emits more radiation than a 2G one and so it needs to be powered down much more to meet the new norms. Therefore, 3G towers' coverage area will decrease more than 2G ones and the gaps in the network will be larger. A single tower can have 2G, 3G and 4G units. While the tower may be compliant for 2G, it might not meet the standards for 3G and 4G. \"If powering down is not able to solve the situation, companies might have to take down the 3G and 4G modules from those towers,\" said Mathews.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "16295486", "title": "Surat Municipal Corporation to get rid of illegal cowsheds built on their land", "text": "SURAT : With more than 168 illegal cow sheds and more than 2500 cattle on Civic body land , the authorities have decided to get rid of encroachment in the city. Recently Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) carried out a survey to find out the number of illegal cow sheds and came up with the figures that majority of these sheds are on the land which they plan to use for the construction of EWS quarters.The survey also found 146 sheds are located on semi government lands and nearly 202 others are on District collectors land . \" There is no question of giving these cow shed owners free hand. We want our land and we will demolish the encroachments.\" Said Jivan Patel, Director of planning SMC. \" Yes, we will sell some land to these owners at market rate to construct their cow sheds there.But, they will not be given any concessions.\" He added. \" The work of freeing the SMC land will begin shortly.\" He said . According to the norms fixed by civic body every shed owner will be entitled to get a chunk of land according to the number of cattle that they have. According to the rules , for each cattle , owner will be entitled to 24 sq feet of land.\" If this cow shed owners don't want to buy land selected by SMC at market rate it's their choice but they won't be allowed on SMC lands that they have encroached at present.\" Said Patel. There are 27 sheds in Central zone housing 566cattle, 26 in Udhna zone housing 326, 27 in Rander zone housing 675 cattle, 78 in Varacha zone housing 879 cattle, 8 in Limbayat zone with 121 cattle, 2 in Katargam zone with 44 cattle .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288398", "title": "Private partnership review likely after infra accidents", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government may consider a change in the way infrastructure projects are executed, which may include altering the currently favoured public-private-partnership model.The government is reportedly weighing options like retaining the majority stake in future projects, giving public bodies like the MMRDA greater say in the execution of projects. There have been indications of a significant shift in policy for a while now, but recent accidents at several infrastructure projects in the city is believed to have triggered the move.\"Projects which have not taken off yet will either not have private partners or only with a minority stake,\" said highly placed sources in the administration. Projects likely to be affected are the upcoming Nhava-Sewri link and the Navi Mumbai airport. In Mumbai Metro One Private Ltd, which is building the first metro rail between Versova and Ghatkopar via Andheri at the cost of Rs 2356 crore, Reliance Infrastructure is the major stake holder with 69%, its technical partner, Veolia Corporation has 5% while MMRDA has 26%.MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana said an emergency meeting of the MMOPL board has been convened next week to discuss Tuesday's Metro mishap and the line of actions ahead. However, an MMOPL spokesperson denied of having issued any direction from MMRDA in this regard.Meanwhile two people employed with HCC, civil engineer Krishna Valvekar and site supervisor Kalicharan Patra, were arrested for the Metro mishap based on preliminary evidence. HCC is the sub-contractor. Valvekar and Patra were booked under IPC sections for 304 (A) (death due to negligence), 337 (endangering life) and 338 (grievous hurt). They were produced before the Andheri metropolitan magistrate on Thursday and released on bail.Senior officials said having private partners with majority stakes meant government agencies have to take the flak for mishaps without direct authority. \"We will prefer to opt for funding from banks, besides part funding from the Centre,\" sources said.MMOPL sources however said it was not the PPP model hampering the project but the inability of the government and its agencies in getting the right of way (ROW) for construction within the timeframe.(With inputs from V Narayan)Safety review of all infra projects likelyMUMBAI: Taking serious note of the Metro mishap and the frequency of mishaps at the city's ongoing infrastructure projects, the state government is considering a review of safety procedures and quality of work at all major infrastructure projects.Most of these projects are being executed by the MMRDA, while a few are by the MSRDC and BMC. A demand for a safety check of all infrastructure projects is also believed to have been raised in the state cabinet meeting on Tuesday.Indicating that the demand for a quality check of all infrastructure projects had takers outside the government too, Congress legislator Krishna Hegde (Vile Parle) on Thursday met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to demand an independent third party audit of quality, stability and safety measures for all MMRDA projects. Speaking to TOI, Hegde also called for a review of cost escalations in the Milan subway flyover and the flyover work being carried at the Amar Mahal junction in Chembur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16290494", "title": "ML's 'Parivartan Rally' on Nov 9", "text": "PATNA: CPI (ML) general secretary Dipankar Bhattacharya on Thursday urged the party activists to make the party's proposed November 9 'Parivartan Rally' a historic one. It is being organized to counter the 'Adhikar Rally' of the JD (U) to be held on November 4 and to accelerate the pace of change in the state.Addressing a convention of party activists here, Bhattacharya said while the UPA government at the Centre was facing problems over Coalgate, the seven-year rule of Nitish Kumar in Bihar was marked by attacks on the rights of people, atrocities, land allotment scams besides AC-DC Bill scam. He said the NDA government in the state, which was itself facing several allegations, was shamelessly seeking resignation of the UPA government at the Centre. Both coal blocks' allotment and BIADA land distribution should be cancelled, he demanded.He said there was a great similarity between Delhi and Patna over a series of corruption. He said that to divert the attention of the people from corruption, the Bihar CM is organizing 'Adhikar Rally' to demand special category state status to Bihar.Dipankar said when issues related to land reforms, agriculture development and employment have come to the fore, the Nitish Kumar government is trying to divert the attention of the people from such issues. He said the CM talked about the rights of the people, but he has failed to provide justice to the victims of Bathani Tola massacre and Forbesganj police firing.Others who spoke on the occasion included CPI (ML) politburo member Amar, Central Committee members Saroj Choubey, Meena Tiwary, Rajaram Singh and K D Yadav, state committee members Vaidyanath Yadav, Pankaj Singh , Nawal Kishore and AISA state secretary Abhyuday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16289879", "title": "Mamata Banerjee clears compensation package for victims of atrocities", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government on Thursday cleared the Compensation 2012 Scheme for victims of atrocities, including rape.After a cabinet meeting, chief minister Mamata Banerjee said: \"Earlier, there was no compensation. Hence, the home ministry had sent a proposal and we have approved it.\" She said that it would even apply for eve-teasing and molestation, if it is a correct allegation and can be proved.\"We will offer compensation for all kind of atrocities, whether it is rape, eve-teasing or molestation. But the complaint has to be correct and it must be proved,\" the CM said.The compensation ranges from Rs 10,000 for physical injury leading to disability to loss of life, for which Rs 2 lakh would be paid to the family of the deceased.Women's organizations and those working with rape victims talk about how difficult it is for them to get back to a normal life. Apart from the fact that society is extremely cruel to them,Their families face a tough time while spending huge money on lawyers and medical treatment. And all this, when the state has a system in place where medical treatment and legal matters can be made free, just the execution isn't being done properly. But it is not just in place.Moreover, in Bengal, no compensation for rape victims is available, whereas other states have such provisions.However, the procedure to make the claims is still not clear. Minister Subrata Mukherjee said while the compensation scheme will be introduced right away, the past and pending cases will not come under its purview and will be applicable for the future cases. But he was quick to add that past cases may be considered after the cases are \"reviewed along with their background\". Committees will be formed in every district, under the district magistrate, which will review each case and fix the compensation.According to Mamata Banerjee, the state government is sensitive towards human rights issues, adding that 65 all-women police stations are high on state's agenda (of which 12 are already functioning), apart from 19 human rights courts. According to her, 1 lakh cases have been disposed of through fast track courts and premature release of 140 prisoners has been announced.However, she alleged that some CPM cadres were getting \"pension\", and the matter will be reviewed. \"We will continue to offer pension to freedom fighters and artistes. We will also increase the amount,\" she added. This will even be reviewed for \"political murders\", the CM said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293355", "title": "Mountain Man row: Pathak sends legal notice to Mehta", "text": "The unexpected skirmish between two filmmakers Ketan Mehta and Neeraj Pathak has now gone to the courts.On Wednesday, Pathak sent a legal notice to Mehta stating that that he should refrain from making a film on the life of 'Mountain Man' Dashrath Manjhi as he, Pathak, had the rights for making the bio-pic and had taken the permission of the family for the same.But Ketan Mehta determined to go ahead with his film, scoffs at Neeraj Pathak's logic. \"Manjhi's life is part of the public domain. Anyone can make a film on his life. There's no law to prevent it. When I made Rang Rasiya on the life of the painter Raja Ravi Verma, at least 3-4 other films on his life were announced. So what? I am sure my take on Manji's life would be very different from the other film.\"While Mehta casts the talented Nawazuddin Siddiqui as Darshrath Manji, Neeraj Pathak has apparently sounded out Manoj Bajpai for the same role. Bihar's 'Mountain Man' Dashrath Manji who spent half his life digging out a road in a rocky mountain to connect his home town with the nearest hospital, would surely feel flattered to see two filmmakers ready to fight it out in a court for the right to make a film on his life.Director Neeraj Pathak says he has been researching on the life of Manjhi for the past seven months, will do everything in his power to stop fellow-filmmaker Ketan Mehta from attempting a bio-pic on the same character.Says Pathak, \"I'll fight this out legally, will seek a stay order on Ketan Mehta's proposed film. The reason why I haven't started my film on Dashrath Manjhi earlier was because I was busy shooting Bhaiyaji Superhitt. But my creative team has visited Manjhi's family in Bihar several times. I've been on the phone with them constantly.\"Significantly, Pathak hopes to start his film in the beginning of October at around the same time when Ketan Mehta hopes to begin his film. Says Pathak, \"I will begin my film in October. But I first need to sort this out.\"Ketan Mehta is unfazed by this unexpected turn of events. \"The minute I receive the legal notice my lawyers will reply to it. Let anyone else make a film on Dashrath Manjhi. The more the merrier. The man's story is inspiring enough to be made into two films. I am not the least perturbed. There is no law preventing two filmmakers working on the same subject. Manji's family may not support my film. I don't need their consent to make the film.\"In the meanwhile both Ketan Mehta and Neeraj Pathak are expected in Bihar for the pre production activities on their Dashrath Manjhi film in the middle of September. No matter who wins or loses the fight to make the film, Manjhi is the winner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16289779", "title": "Busy day for officials at Kolkata airport", "text": "KOLKATA: A sandalwood smuggling attempt, detection of a crater on the primary runway and an emergency landing of an aircraft kept Kolkata airport on tenterhooks on Thursday.It all started in the wee hours of the day when suspecting the behaviour of two Kunming-bound passengers, Customs officers accosted them. When their luggage was checked, officers found 78 kg of sandalwood and 30,000 cellphone parts in three bags. The duo-Md Ibrana and Md Saad - was arrested immediately.Later in the day, the primary runway was shut down after a deep crater was detected. Though such situations are not unprecedented during monsoon, what queered the pitch was the flight of Bhutan Prime Minister Lyon Chhen Zigmi Thinley that was scheduled to take off at 12.15pm. He had earlier touched down at 10 am, en route to Bhubaneswar in the afternoon IndiGo flight.With protocol requiring the use of primary runway for monarchs, presidents and Prime Ministers, the airport had to plug the hole and get the runway operational before Thinley's flight.Just when the emergency repairs were on and flight operations were diverted to the secondary runway, the pilot of Mahan Air radioed an SOS to the Kolkata ATC. The flight from Bangkok to Tehran carrying 214 passengers sought a technical landing on priority basis to refuel. The plane, then 55 nautical miles away from Kolkata, was low on fuel.Under pressure to reopen the runway, the repairs were hastily completed by noon and the runway opened to flights at 12.05pm. The flight landed at 12.30pm and took off after refueling at 1.15pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16292566", "title": "New forensic tools for Chandigarh police", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After failing to collect forensic evidences from a spots of crime, forensic team of Chandigarh police have decided to procure forensic tools including special powder, lens, finger prints taken, tapes and small tools etc from a Faridabad based firm.Earlier, tools were being purchased from a Chandigarh based firm but for a long time, tools were proving ineffecive and useless.A team of forensic experts recently returned after study the special features of forensic tools from Faridabad and discussed the matter with senior police officials. Recently, the forensic team failed to collect any finger prints and other evidences from a black color Accent car, which was reportedly involved in an alleged abduction of a 17-year old boy in sector 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "16289584", "title": "Techie rams bike into bus to kill 'cheating' girlfriend, himself", "text": "GUNTUR: In a chilling incident of love going sour, an engineering student who suspected his girlfriend's fidelity drove her to death and also killed himself by crashing his speeding motorbike into an RTC bus at Nallapadu on the outskirts of Guntur. The incident took place in the late hours of Wednesday.Madala Saidu Babu, 22, and Siva Krishnaja Reddy, 21, died on the spot. In a suicide note recovered from Saidu's shirt pocket on Thursday, police said the accused had decided to kill his classmate and lover Krishnaja whose fidelity he doubted. Initially, police thought that it was an accident and informed the parents with the help of a mobile phone recovered from the spot and even took the bus driver into custody for rash driving.But they were in a shock after chancing upon two separate letters from Saidu's shirt. In the suicide note, Saidu wrote that he had wantonly rammed the bike into the oncoming bus to end his life as well as Krishnaja's for deceiving him. Seeking apologies from his parents and also from the bus driver, Saidu said he had decided to kill Krishnaja after she developed a friendship with another youth.Saidu, a native of Vemparala village in Addanki mandal of Prakasam district, finished his engineering from a private college near Guntur where Krishnaja was his junior. They fell in love and wanted to marry. After completion of graduation, Saidu got a job in a software firm in Chennai. Saidu grew suspicious after he left for Chennai over Krishnaja's proximity with another college-mate Maheswar Reddy.Saidu used to pick up quarrels with the girl on her friendship with Maheswar. When Krishnaja started ignoring him, Saidu could not take her behaviour and hatched a plan for a suicide pact. After going home during vacation, he spoke pleasantly to Krishnaja and took her for a bike ride on Wednesday night with the pretext of visiting a friend's house. Unaware of his plans, Krishnaja went with him.They went up to Perecherla and were returning home in the late hours when Saidu rammed his bike into the RTC bus coming from the opposite direction. Both were crushed to death. Saidu wrote two letters, one to his family members and another to the bus driver. He also sought apologies from the father of the girl saying that his daughter deserved such punishment. Saidu said in the letter that Krishnaja had arranged goons to attack him and turned down his marriage proposal leaving him in disgust.DSP Rajkumar and inspector Moses Paul said a case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16289847", "title": "Fever clinics not equipped to treat critical cases", "text": "KOLKATA: Though fever clinics have been set up in various government-run hospitals to cater to the dengue patients, none of these facilities are equipped to conduct the NS1 antigen test and the MacElisa test.The patients are, therefore, being forced to cough up a good amount and get themselves tested at private pathology labs. Those who cannot afford have to wait for at least four to five days to get the tests done.Fever clinics have been running in government run hospitals for the past few days to deal with the rush of dengue patients. But these clinics do not have the kit to conduct either rapid tests or NS1 antigen test. Therefore in most cases in many cases patients are asked to get the blood samples tested in private labs. Since these facilities are not available patients who can not afford to wait shell out from their pocket to get the test done.\"I brought my 10-month-old son to BC Roy Memorial Hospital for Children as he was having high fever and had got rashes all over the body. Doctors said it would take four to five days for the blood reports to come. So, we got the test done at a private clinic near Sealdah station by shelling out Rs 1,070,\" said Jiten Mondal of Nadia.Mondal is not the only one. Majority of the patients who are going to government hospitals for treatment have to get the tests done on their own. Often, it is the doctors who refer them to private clinics. or sometimes it is the patients' family who in a hurry get the test done.\"I can not afford to wait four/five days to get my brother's blood test get done. He is suffering from high fever, bouts of vomiting and is suffering so much. Therefore we have given the blood samples to private clinic,\" said Biswajit Nath of Manicktala. Nath's brother was taken to Medical College and Hospital.Doctors, too, admitted their hands were tied. \"In few other cases, we refer the blood samples to private labs because there is no facility for the NS1 antigen or MacElisa tests here,\" said a doctor at the fever clinic in NRS Medical College and Hospital.The government hospitals usually send samples to either School of Tropical Medicine or NICED as these are the only government set ups where the NS1 antigen test is done.Though the government promised to make arrangements for the NS1 and MacElisa tests at state-run hospitals, has announced to make facilities for NS1 antigen test, till Thursday no kit reached any of the hospitals till Thursday.\"There is no specific treatment for dengue. Therefore, in cases where the patient is severe, I make them go through the haemogram examination. Once the platelet count is detected, we can start treatment. The facility is available here and the process takes just a couple of hours and saves much time. But in few other cases, we refer the blood sample to private labs because there is no facility for the NS1 antigen or MacElisa tests,\" said a doctor at the fever clinic in NRS Medical College and Hospital.State health department spokesperson Asit Biswas, said, \"We are in the process of dispatching NS1 antigen testing kits to all the major government hospitals. Hopefully, they will be able to start the service from tomorrow.\"For the Mac Elisa test the blood samples are taken only after five days after the onset of the fever. Therefore many patients do not want to wait for so long. In case of NS1 antigen test, samples can be taken and tested in the second day of fever. So far government hospitals send samples to either School of Tropical Medicine or NICED as these are the only government set up where NS1 antigen testing are done in Kolkata.\"We are in the process of dispatching NS1 antigen testing kits to all major government hospitals. Hopefully they will be able to start the service from tomorrow,\" said state health department spokesperson Dr Asit Biswas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "16289181", "title": "2 washed away in Akola district", "text": "AKOLA: Two persons, including a young girl, were washed away while river Purna was flowing 15-foot above the danger mark. As a result, standing crops at many places have suffered damage.Sonal Dhore (19) of village Rel of Akot tehsil had gone to answer the nature's call, but was washed away in the flooded waters of a nullah. She was found dead near a tree along the nullah on Wednesday.Nitin Telgote (20) of Akot tehsil had gone for swimming but was washed away in the flooded river as the doors of Popatkhed dam were opened. He was yet to be traced.The contact of five villages was snapped with Murtizapur while several culverts in rural areas were flooded. The highest rainfall was experienced in Akola district that disrupted normal life.Widespread rains lashed Akola, Washim and Buldhana districts. Several crops were either washed away or heavily damaged. Revenue officials found it difficult to reach the remote villages to assess the damage to crops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16289066", "title": "Mumbai group stars in Isro\u2019s 100th launch", "text": "MUMBAI: When an Isro mission hits a century on Sunday, Mumbaikars will have enough reasons to feel proud, as the city has played a vital role in this historic flight.This much-awaited mission is slated for lift-off from Sriharikota at 9.51am and the rocket being launched is the highly-proven four-stage polar satellite launch vehicle (PSLV), which will place in orbit a 780kg advanced remote sensing satellite, Spot 6, and the 15kg Japanese micro-satellite Proeiteres, created by the Osaka Institute of Technology.For Mumbaikars, it is the tiny Japanese satellite which is of significance, as a Mumbai-based private space organization, Earth 2 Orbit, was instrumental in facilitating the procurement of the satellite and getting a contract signed with Isro's commercial arm, Antrix Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16289595", "title": "Yashoda doctor traced", "text": "HYDERABAD: Yashoda Hospital radiologist Dr Sri Harsha Reddy, who went missing a couple of days ago, was traced in Krishna district late on Thursday night. Though police were unwilling to disclose the motive,Sources said a property dispute within the family led to his abduction.Chaderghat inspector Syed Nayeemuddin Javed told TOI that Harsha Reddy was traced near Vijayawada and he was now in the custody of a police team. Till late in the evening, the case continued to test the police as they were pursuing blind leads. At around 9 pm, acting on an input, police zeroed in on the location and found Harsha. They discovered that it was a case of abduction and the abductors fled the location on seeing police personnel.Police suspect that property dispute between Harsha Reddy and his half-brother could be the reason for the abduction.However, the Krishna district police said they had absolutely no information about the rescue mission.Earlier in the day, the Hyderabad police suspected the angle of property dispute after questioning the missing doctor's father.The sources said that Harsha Reddy's father Lakshma Reddy was called from Vijayawada to gather information. It is learnt that Lakshma Reddy had two wives and Harsha Reddy is the son of his first wife.Lakshma Reddy reportedly gave a share in his property to the son, which he had from his second wife.Police had also questioned Harsha Reddy's woman colleague, who is also a radiologist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16293577", "title": "UDF changes Emerging Kerala plans", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The UDF has decided to introduce strict guidelines for the Emerging Kerala projects. The UDF has decided not to provide land for Emerging Kerala projects for a lease period of 99 years. Instead the maximum lease period given to an investor would be 30 years. Apart from this no investor will be allowed to handover the land to another investor in between the lease period.UDF sources said land will be allotted for a project by following the land laws of the state and no exemptions will be given to any investor. After signing the MoU, a specific time period will be set for the completion of projects. If any investor fails to adhere to this stipulated time frame, land will be taken back and the investor will be blacklisted.Sources said all projects discussed at the investors' meet will be introduced before the state for public evaluation. After this exercise, the government is likely to publish the list of approved projects on its website. Then MoUs would be signed. Sources pointed out that projects mooted by NRIS are likely to be given more preference. Projects like Air Kerala should be given a due preference in the investment summit.Talking to reporters after the UDF meeting on Thursday, chief minister Oommen Chandy said the cabinet discussed several suggestions for Emerging Kerala 2012, including the period of land lease. \"No projects will be finalized at the summit. Only ideas will be exchanged. All detail discussions on the projects will be held later,\" said the chief minister. Chandy refused to divulge more details.The chief minister criticised opposition leader V S Achuthanandan for expressing doubts over the three projects that he (VS) had sanctioned during his tenure. The electronic park in Amballoor in Kochi, Kochi-Palakkad NIMZ project and Petroleum Chemicals and Petrochemical Investment Region were floated by the LDF government. There are government orders with Achuthanandan's signature to prove this, Chandy added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "alwar/jaipur", "code": "16290495", "title": "Woman held for cheating escapes, caught after 2 hours", "text": "ALWAR/JAIPUR: A day after the Anti-Corruption Bureau arrested three persons including a woman for implicating three businessmen from Assam in a fake rape case and duped them of Rs 7 lakh, the arrested woman escaped from police custody in Alwar. However, she was rearrested after two hours.The woman had asked the police either to take her to a ladies toilet or allow her to go with a woman police guard to attend nature's call at some isolated place near Shivaji police station. The policemen, accepting her plea, allowed her go outside the police station but accompanied by a woman constable. The woman asked the constable to remain at a distance while she climbed off from a seven feet long wall of the police station.Soon after, an alarm was raised and a massive hunt was launched to nab the woman. Later, she was arrested after two hours. Umesh Mishra, IG, ACB, said one Lalit Kumar Meena, an assistant commandant with CRPF and posted in Assam, lodged a complaint stating three of his friends were lodged at Sadar police station in Alwar.\"Meena told us that three of his friends from Assam who came to Alwar to purchase earthmovers and trucks were implicated in a false case of rape by some locals in Alwar who claimed to be truck dealers,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289927", "title": "S M Krishna misses debate on Sri Lanka, apologizes", "text": "New Delhi: External affairs minister S M Krishna apologized in Rajya Sabha on Thursday for being absent from the House when a 'calling attention motion' on the \"situation arising out of repeated attacks on Tamil Nadu fishermen by Sri Lanka navy\" came up at noon.The minister was held up in a meeting with the Fijian prime minister and according to sources, reached the House when protests over Coalgate resulted in an adjournment. He soon after spoke to AIADMK MP V Maitreyan who had protested the minister's absence and said he was keen to make a statement on the matter.Maitreyan, in the meanwhile, submitted a breach of privilege notice that he decided not to pursue once Krishna apologized for not being in the House due to an official engagement. At noon, Maitreyan forcefully raised Krishna's absence, expressing his displeasure to the minister not being present.His objection, however, could not be heard in the din as members from Samajwadi Party and BJP continued with their protests over reservation in promotion for SCs/STs and coal block allocations respectively. Later, deputy chairman P J Kurien adjourned the House till 2 pm.Krishna turned up when the House resumed at 2 pm and apologized for his absence and this was stated by the chair.Sources close to the external affairs minister, however, said Krishna had informed the chair in advance about his absence and also about his intention to reply to the calling attention motion only at 2 pm.Replying to the motion on alleged attacks against Indian fishermen by Lankan navy, Krishna said there were no Indian fishermen in Sri Lankan custody on fishing-related charges. However, he added that some Indian nationals were arrested in Sri Lankan waters on charges of smuggling narcotics and contraband.\"As soon as reports of apprehension of Indian fishermen are received, the government through diplomatic channels takes up the matter of their expeditious release and repatriation with Sri Lankan authorities,\" he said.\"As a result, fishermen apprehended by the Sri Lankan navy have been released and repatriated expeditiously,\" he added.He said officials from the Indian high commission in Colombo and consulate in Jaffna were in regular touch with detained Indian nationals and were extending all possible consular and legal assistance to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16295098", "title": "Anjali plays tough", "text": "Vathickuchi , which stars Dileepan and Anjali, we hear is about those living in the outskirts of Chennai and travel for more than 30 kms to reach the city by autos.The story has Dileepan playing a share auto driver. Anjali plays a middle class girl who travels in these autos, but pretends as if she is from a rich background and portrays herself as a rich girl.ARM's former associate Kinslin is directing this film and is slated for an October release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16289481", "title": "Kiran Kumar Reddy's Delhi dash: 22 times in 18 months", "text": "HYDERABAD:Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy may well be known for his frequent trips to Delhi than for his administration as he completes two years in office in a few months from now. A recent response to an RTI query given by the General Adminstration Department (GAD) has revealed that the chief minister travelled to Delhi 22 times in 18 months (from November, 2010 to May, 2012). The total expenditure for these trips cost the state treasury about Rs 11 lakh. The information furnished also revealed that Reddy has spent close to 30 days in the national capital in a span of 18 months.The maximum trips were made in the months of December, 2010 and 2011 with Reddy flying three times to Delhi in each of these months. However, this information was provided after much hard work by the applicant, who filed the RTI query on July 12.As per the RTI act, information has to be provided within 30 days but the department failed to give information within this period. The applicant then had to go for a first appeal, and the information was given to him only two weeks after it. \"I was aware of the fact that the chief minister was making frequent trips to Delhi and I wanted to know his travel details. I was surprised that he had travelled 22 times to Delhi in just about one-and-a-half year. As a common man, I just want to know what was the purpose of these trips was? Did he get any special packages for the people of the state or got any new schemes which absolutely does not reflect anywhere in his administration. If these trips are only to save his position and appease the high command, then he is wasting our money,\" said city-based RTI activist Raju Malthumkar, who filed this application.Keen observers of the political scene in the state said that the number of visits made by the CM to Delhi outnumbered the number of cabinet meetings he has held in the state. In fact, it's not just the CM, but a number of ministers have been flying to Delhi frequently these days on political grounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293133", "title": "I was too busy working to savour the success: Lata Mangeshkar", "text": "I started out as a playback singer in 1947 but my initial batch of successful songs came in a rush in 1949. There was Jiya beqaraar hai  and Hawa mein udta jaye composed by Shankar-Jaikishan in Barsat, Koi mere dil mein and Uthaye ja unke sitam composed by Naushad in Andaz etc.However it was Khemchand Prakashji's composition Ayega aanewala from the film Mahal that had the most lingering impact.There's something I'd like to share about the song, which no one knows. In those days, I was a great fan of the legendary (late) MS Subbalaxmi, and I still am. I was so enamoured by her that in Ayega aanewala, I tried to sing the way I had heard Subbalaxmiji sing in the film Meera. I didn't know my efforts would be appreciated so much. Sadly, Prakashji didn't live long enough to see the song's success. He fell ill and died soon after, in a state of near-penury. Prakashji and I had worked really hard to get that correct 'haunting' effect. After Mahal, Madhubala put it in her contract that only I should be her ghost voice or so I've heard. While recording the number, I was hardly thinking of its impact. Those were the days of running from one recording to another. I was too busy working to stop and savour the success that came my way.-As told to Subhash K Jha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16291230", "title": "Chinese minister's 1 lakh tip to IAF pilots a planned move?", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese defence minister, General Liang Guanglie's 100,000 tip to two IAF pilots was not a spur-of-the-moment decision; it must have been planned in detail, said three scholars and one retired Chinese government official. It must have been a conscious act aimed at causing a rumpus, they said.\"Such a thing cannot happen without detailed planning,\" a retired Chinese government official said. He said he had not heard of any Chinese leader offering cash tips to military officials in foreign countries.The matter came up during the Chinese foreign ministry's media briefing on Thursday. \"I am not aware of the specifics,\" the ministry spokesman said. He described Liang's visit as \"successful\".China observers have often suggested that bribes have played a key role in the country's success in Africa. But Chinese politicians let companies and private agencies handle the job of wooing officials and politicians instead of giving cash directly, sources said. Question is if Liang was briefed wrongly about Indian conditions or he was deliberately trying to embarrass IAF pilots.An Indian diplomat said he has never heard of any Chinese leader offering big tips openly. It's common for Chinese officials and leaders to present gifts and 'hongpao' - a red envelop with cash - during official tours. But most gifts are reserved for their counterparts, an analyst said. There's no instance of a Chinese official offering cash to air force pilots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16290565", "title": "150 challans to encroachers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Following numerous complaints, enforcement wing of Chandigarh municipal corporation on Thursday removed encroachments from Sector 48 motor market and its adjoining areas. During the anti-encroachment drive, authority issued 150 challans to violators and impounded 80 vehicles parked on the municipal land in an unauthorized manner.During the drive some protesters were detained for creating hindrance in the working of enforcement wing, but were later released after the intervention of BJP leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16291079", "title": "Corruption case: Virbhadra Singh to appear in court today", "text": "SHIMLA: After the framing of charges against him in a corruption case, former Union minister and Himachal Pradesh Congress Committee (HPCC) president Virbhadra Singh would appear in the court of Special Judge (forest) on Friday. The Congress leader had approached the state high court to seek early trial in the case.Charges against Virbhadra were under Section 120 B of IPC and sections 7, 11, 13 (1) (D) Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, and against his wife Pratibha Singh under sections 120 B and 9 of IPC Act, 1988. Following the framing up of charges, Virbhadra had to resign from the Union cabinet.The trial court though had framed the charges against the couple on June 25 but the proceedings were adjourned since the trial court was restrained by a high court order of January 7, 2012.While framing the charges, the trial court judge had recorded that the case would be taken up after the receipt of further orders from the superior court. Virbhadra had withdrawn the writ petition pending in the high court on August 31 to have speedy trial in the lower court.Vigilance department had lodged FIR the former chief minister and his wife on August 3, 2009, on the basis of an audio CD released by Vijay Singh Mankotia in a press conference at Dharamshala on May 28, 2007, alleging that it contained the voices of Virbhadra, Pratibha, retired IAS officer Mohinder Lal, and K N Sharma (now deceased).The case was registered under Section 13(1) (d) (ii) read with Section 13 (2) of Prevention of Corruption Act 1988, registered at Police Station, Anti Corruption, district Shimla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288228", "title": "Complaints against e-meters RTO\u2019s top priority", "text": "MUMBAI: Faulty e-meter complaints will take priority over other commuters' grievances, the Regional Transport Office (RTO) has been told.Transport commissioner V N More also appealed to commuters to report defective e-meters.\"If the e-meters do not reset to 'zero' before the journey's commencement, then passengers should immediately complain to the RTO,\" More said. \"I have directed the officials to impound the faulty e-meters and take necessary action,\" he added. Earlier this week, More imposed a temporary ban on Super Electronic Meter Mfg Co\u2014one of the largest suppliers of e-meters in Maharashtra\u2014after devices manufactured by the company were found to be defective.\"We have directed them to recall all e-meters installed in Mumbai and the rest of Maharashtra and rectify the defect,\" More added. Although no deadline has been set, the transport department will not lift the ban till all faulty e-meters are replaced, sources said.Super Electronic has installed 2,000 e-meters in the city, while the figure across the state is around 4,000. \"We were informed about the fault in the past. However, it occurred only when there were vibrations in the e-meter,\" said Rajesh Chinta of Super Electronic.\"The fault has been rectified by replacing the software. We will repair all the e-meters installed so far. The state transport department should inspect our e-meters and give a final report on all the changes required,\" Chinta added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293247", "title": "Indian Youth for Arts and Change programme", "text": "The on-stage programme of Indian Youth for Arts and Change or IYAC, a bold mixed-media theatrical performance, was a dream come true for independent artistes of Kolkata.It provided the perfect platform for budding photographers and artists to showcase their talent. It was also a forum for street dance groups such as Fullstop, Rubix and Master of Puppet to graduate from the street to the stage with awe-inspiring performances. Emcee Harshvardhan Bhan set the ball rolling with his sharp head-turns.The most awaited event was a play called Aur Ek Khoj. \"This play was a summary of my personal journey through the experiences I have incorporated from youngsters,\" said director and founder of youth group , Lok, Soumyajit Majumdar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293498", "title": "Indraneil and Koyel to act together in Dashami", "text": "After grand success of 'Jani Dekha Hwabe', city based production house Cinenine is all set to come back with their upcoming film 'Dashami'. Indraneil Sengupta and Koyel Mullick starer this film's shooting has already started in the north part of the city with muharat on yesterday. This is for the first time Indraneil and Koyel will be acting in a same film and that too as the lead pair. Arijit Dutt, the owner of Priya Entertainment, will play an important role in this film and interestingly his character has been named after him as Ari Da.The producers want to give the film a classy touch that is why they roped Mumbai based Suman Mitra as the director. Suman, who has wide range of experience working with famous national directors like Vishal Bharadwaj in Maqbool , will be directing his first Bengali movie now. Whereas noted cinematographer Sirsa Mukhopadhaya has nodded to be the man behind the camera. The film is all about two childhood friends Avi (portrayed by Indraneil) who hails from a lower middle class family and rich girl Tuli (played by Koyel). They grow up together and share a strong attachment for each other. However Avi has feelings for Tuli but Tuli's feeling is limited to friendship. Meanwhile Tuli leaves for USA for higher studies and Avi stays back at the city. After 3 years Tuli comes back to celebrate Durga Puja. Something happens between them in those five days of Puja. That is how the film is named.What happens in those five days? Well, to know that, you have to wait till the film is officially released.Source: http://bengalimovies.org/news/indraneil-and-koyel-act-first-time-together-dashami-9818", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16295077", "title": "New radiation norms: Consumers may experience inferior voice quality", "text": "CHENNAI: The new radiation norms for cellphone towers may be good for your health, but there is a flip side no one's talking about. Consumers may experience inferior voice quality, increase in call drops and congestion in coming months as companies rejig networks to decrease the power supplied to their transmission towers.The new norms for towers, which came into effect on September 1, have reduced the radiation limit from 9.2 W/sqm to 0.92 W/ sqm, a 10-fold decrease. It is lower than the US (12 W/sqm) and higher than China (0.4 W/ sqm) and Russia (0.2 W/sqm).There are around 4.5 lakh telecom towers in India, of which 5% (around 22,000) don't meet the new norms. Most of these are in the core areas of Delhi and Mumbai and suburbs Bangalore and Chennai, apart from other tier-1 cities, said Rajan Mathews, director general of the Cellular Operators Association of India.To achieve the new norms without changing the entire infrastructure, companies will manually decrease the power supplied to the towers, which will bring down radiation levels. While this solves the compliance problem , it means that the coverage area of each tower goes down and more towers will be needed to cover the same area.Data services will also be affected This, in turn, will increase the number of 'handovers' required to complete a call. When we move from the vicinity of one tower to another while on a call, the phone searches for the closest tower and call duties are 'handed over' to the new tower by the network.\"More towers mean your phone will search and switch between towers much more frequently than before, leading to more call drops. Up to 5% of calls can get dropped due to increased handovers,\" said the chief technology officer of a leading telecom tower equipment maker, who did not wish to be quoted. \"Subscribers will not be getting the same quality.\"As companies try to move towers around or add new ones, gaps are also likely to emerge in the network, leading to insufficient coverage for both calls and data services. Most towers have both voice and data units.\"As a result of these measures, degraded services, higher congestion, lack of coverage and higher number of call drops will result for customers,\" said Rajan Mathews, director general of the Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI). Vodafone and Airtel didn't comment directly on the story and forwarded the queries from TOI to COAI.Twin issues There are two sides to the problem. If new towers are not installed, gaps will occur in the networks. If towers are installed to account for gaps, it will lead to a higher density of towers, which increases interference, congestion and partially defeats the purpose of the new norms -- to reduce radiation.Interference in telecom networks will be aggravated in areas with high density of buildings as well as towers. This is because signals bounce off tall buildings. A higher number of towers in a congested area can lead to a high number of reflected signals which interfere with each other, thereby leading to disturbance in calls or outright call drops.The new radiation norms are also going to stretch the existing network capacity, already under lot of pressure, to its limits. \"Because of limited spectrum allocated in India, most operators reuse the same frequencies on two different towers to enable the network to handle more calls on the same infrastructure. This reuse requires that the towers be far enough so as to not cause interference. More towers will put pressure on reuse of frequencies and will lead to more interference causing call drops and bad voice quality,\" said Mathews. \"Operators don't have an option . They can't let go reuse of frequencies since their networks are already stretched thin.\"3G to be more affected A 3G tower emits more radiation than a 2G one and so it needs to be powered down much more to meet the new norms. Therefore, 3G towers' coverage area will decrease more than 2G ones and the gaps in the network will be larger.A single tower can have 2G, 3G and 4G units. While the tower may be compliant for 2G, it might not meet the standards for 3G and 4G. \"If powering down is not able to solve the situation, companies might have to take down the 3G and 4G modules from those towers,\" said Mathews.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16292771", "title": "Rain throws life out of gear in state", "text": "RANCHI: Instead of criminals, personnel of the Ranchi police found themselves in lock-ups at various police stations. Reason: incessant rain in the past 72 hours has caused leaks in roofs and ceilings of the police stations forcing the men in khaki to huddle inside lock ups normally meant for criminals.At Argora police station policemen put up at nearby shops to avoid getting drenched inside police stations. At some police stations policemen had to sit under umbrellas to proyect themselves from the leaking roofs.Even in city-based Lalpur, Doranda, Kotwali and Lower Bazaar police stations, which basically deal with the urban crime here, are in the same condition as at Hindpidhi, Daily Market and Sadar police stations.The Argora police station has no full-fledged lock-up. While one-half of is used as a lock-up, the other portion is used as the police station which has as a severely leaking roof. \"Police personnel attached to this police station have put up chairs in the lock-up and organize things from there when it rains,\" said a sub-inspector.The police station has 30 policemen. Here three sub-inspectors, eight assistant sub-inspectors, one head constable and 15 constables are crammed in three rooms all having leaking roofs. They take all these hardship in their stride. No wonder, Argora police station OC Praveen Kumar Das, says: \"Police are trained to undergo hardship.\"Policemen are ready to work hard but not when it rain. \"Few of our colleagues have got cold and cough due to the unhygienic condition here,\" said an SI.At city's Lalpur police station the situation is even worse.\"Not only policemen even the attached properties are getting drenched,\" said a police officer. While the roofs is wet, rain water is seeping through the walls. The police station houses old records and none of them are safe. Bankatesh Prashad, a policeman, said: \"It is extremely difficult for us to work in such a condition. But then we are used to work under these conditions.\"The police station at the daily market only has two rooms. And rain causes havoc here. \"Unlike farmers we never want rain. Because when it rains outside, it simply pours inside the police station,\" said OC Arvind Kumar. At the police station few policemen could be seen with opened umbrellas. It has one SI, three ASIs, four senior constables and three constables, all waiting for the rain to go away.At police line over 50 families living in old buildings are worst hit.\"The beds in all rooms have got drenched. We are sleeping on the floor,\" said wife of a senior constable.The condition was worse a few years back. Now several police stations have got new buildings. Namkum, Jagarnathpur, Tamar, Mandar, Kanke, Sonahatu, Bedo, Mackluskiganj, Lapung and other police stations have got new buildings.Ranchi Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh is aware of it all. He said: \"These policemen are living in a harsh condition. Now new buildings are coming up for them.\" At Ratu, Argora, Lower Bazaar and Sukhdevnagar new police station buildings are under construction, Singh added.The SSP said funds have arrived for construction of HIndpidhi, Daily Market, and Lalpur police stations.\"The construction of the buildings will take some time,\" he added. The district police has also sent proposal for the constriction of Doranda and Kotwali police stations. \"Funds will be sanctioned soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16290645", "title": "20 wetlands in North Kerala under threat", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A survey carried out by the team of experts from the Centre for Water Resources Development and Management (CWRDM) has identified 100 wetlands in northern Kerala.The survey was conducted as part of the environment ministry's direction to all the states in the country with an aim to prepare an authentic data on wetlands to take up conservation and management of wetlands.Out of the 100 wetlands identified in the north 20 face threat to their rich biodiversity and need to be conserved for future generation.The wetlands which need to be preserved are -- Kavvai backwater, Chempallykkundu marshes, Pulathuruthpandy marshes, Elathuruthpandy marshes, Kottappally marshes, Aavala marshes, Cherandathur marshes, Kandanchira-Karuvodchira marshes, Agalapuzha backwater, Govindhankettu backwater, Kunduparambu-Erangikal backwater and mangroves, Kottuli wetland, Mavoor wetland, Olavanna marshes, Kadalundy estuary, Thatanchuttythuruth, Purathur estuary, Kuruva river island, Karappuzha reservoir and Banasura sagar reservoir.The CWRDM has already submitted the report of its findings to the directorate of environment and climate change in the state. Latest technique such as geographic information system is being used for mapping of wetlands.The study found that encroachments and conversion of wetlands for aquaculture, agriculture and human settlements are increasing at an alarming rate. The study also revealed that wetlands face threats such as water pollution, dwindling fish population, weed infestation and disappearance of mangroves. The wetlands are also turning to be centres of mosquito breeding and water-borne diseases.CWRDM water quality division head P S Harikumar, who headed the team, said the mapping would help curb uncontrolled activities in the wetlands. \"A wetland regulatory authority will be formed for the conservation of notified wetlands in the state,\" he said. \"During the survey it was also found that overexploitation of the wetlands has reduced the carrying capacity of the backwaters. Other factors that affect the backwater biodiversity are dredging, reclamation and sediment accumulation. Adding to these causes are the pollution inflicted by industrial, agricultural and tourism activities,\" said Harikumar. \"Destruction of mangroves due to coir retting is also noticed,\" he said.CWRDM has done the survey in northern Kerala. In the southern region Centre for Earth Sciences Studies (CESS) is conducting the survey; and Thrissur-based Kerala Forest Research Institute (KFRI) is conducting study in the central region.The state government will forward the compiled report to the Union government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16290887", "title": "50 more milch cows given away in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: The joint director of animal husbandry department in Trichy, E Chinnadurai, distributed 50 more free milch cows in Thiruvasi village in Lalgudi division to the beneficiaries. For the first time, all the beneficiaries and their companions stayed in the villages on the border of Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh for three days to purchase the right cow. Chinnadurai later claimed that the process had now become foolproof. It was the intermediary officials roped in to help in the purchase of the cattle from the neighbouring states who exploited the norms of the scheme to pocket huge commissions. Chinnadurai had instructed the purchasing team to stay at the villages until the right cow was purchased.Chinnadurai said that the purchasing team recorded three days of milk yield before the beneficiaries themselves decided to buy them. With the 50 cows distributed in the first week of September, the total number of free cows distributed has gone up to 250, just 100 short of the target of 350 for the current fiscal. Last year, 450 cows were distributed to beneficiaries in nine villages at a cost of Rs 1.55 crore. Similarly, 4,089 goats were distributed to beneficiaries spread over 55 villages in Trichy district at a cost of Rs 5.19 crore. During this fiscal, 4,988 beneficiaries have been distributed goats spread over 81 villages - most of them falling under Srirangam constituency - at a cost of Rs 6.35 crore.\"I have clearly told them that they should keep their hands off the cow that does not yield at least a total of 10 litres of milk a day (five litres each in the morning and evening),\" Chinnadura told TOI. Since a number of cows died from the lot of earlier distribution, Chinnadurai has ordered a team of officials including an assistant director of cattle breeding and fodder development, an assistant director from the animal diseases intelligence unit and a clinician to visit at least two villages where the free milch cows and goats were distributed and file an inspection report. The stringent measures were necessary because in Srirangam, five of the 150 cows purchased from Andhra Pradesh had died in the first week of January, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16289820", "title": "Manohar Parrikar accuses MoEF of being corrupt", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Thursday accused the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) of being \"totally corrupt\" and of having \"accepted bribes for every environmental clearance\" given to mines in Goa.Speaking to media persons, Parrikar also said MoEF officials had accepted as true without verification, environment impact assessment reports that showed areas in Goa with 80% tribal population as having zero tribal population.The chief minister made the remarks in response to media persons seeking his reaction to the ongoing visits by MoEF officials to mining sites in Goa.Parrikar said he had no idea who they were and what they were doing in Goa. \"Let them do their job which they did not do for so many years. They must also answer why they did not do it all this time and also who is responsible for the mess. I am grateful if they enforce the law,\" Parrikar said.The chief minister said the Mines And Minerals Act was a central Act and it was the responsibility of the central government to enforce it. The state government's primary responsibility is restricted to transportation, storage and collection of royalty, he said, adding that he would enter if illegalities were being carried out.Asked about the MoEF letters to his government, Parrikar said the letters had \"no legal standing\" and that every time his government receives such a letter, he responds by asking them to cite the pertinent section of law. They never write back, Parrikar said.Asked about the status of mining dumps, Parrikar said he was in favour of exporting dumps which could damage the environment and if ownership could be proved, \"subject to legal provisions and environmental laws and subject to the judgment of the apex court\". Parrikar said there are approximately 720 million tonnes of dumps but only about 100 dumps can be removed.Parrikar also said water treated at Selaulim is safe for drinking though the dam is filling up with mining rejects faster than expected. He said satellite imagery shows that Selaulim dam has filled up 15 feet more than expected. Allaying fears of the safety of the water, Parrikar said manganese and its oxides are not soluble in water and therefore, there is no danger in drinking the water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16295418", "title": "HCS nominations scam: Chautala caught on wrong foot for conflicting alibis", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Known for his oratory skills, former Haryana chief minister Om Prakash Chautala appears to have been caught on wrong foot by the CBI when the elocutionist taken conflicting alibis before the premier agency defending his decision of making changes in criteria of age and experience for the candidates in the selections of Haryana Civil Services during his tenure in 2004.In a 'weird' and 'conflicting' response to the agency on changing the age of candidates from 45 to 50 and reducing the experience period from 5 years to 3 years, Chautala justified \"Age limit was raised to 50 years, to give a chance to more experienced officials and minimum continuous service was reduced to three years to give chance to younger candidates\".Agency has recently submitted a report before the apex court indicting Chautala, some former bureaucrats and others for irregularities in the HCS nominations held in 2004.81-page report submitted to the apex court by the Anti Corruption Branch (ACB) of CBI Chandigarh has asserted in the present case criteria of age and experience of continuous government service was changed in deliberate intent with the sole object of favoring certain candidates with criminal conspiracy.The orders to change the criteria was made by B D Dhalia, the then principal secretary (PS) to the chief minister (CM) Om Prakash Chautala, who intimated on July 20, 2004 that CM has instructed to increase the age limit of 50 years and reduce the experience to 3 years.\"More than the required number of candidates were available, there were no justifiable grounds on which criteria needed to be relaxed.The change in the eligibility conditions with increase of age and reduction in minimum government service was contrary to each other,\" CBI submits.While holding that the said criteria was changed to accommodate B D Dhalia's son Anurag Dhalia into the coveted services, premier agency has found that though B D Dhalia recused himself from the meeting of committee that short listed the candidates but at the same time he issued directions to change in the criteria, which put his son in to advantageous position. Importantly, Dhalia's son Anurag had put in three years of service and had outstanding ACRs and with the change in criteria, he climbed to first position in list as against the 34th, as per original criteria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16294279", "title": "30,000cr diamond loans diverted to real estate", "text": "SURAT: The liquidity crisis that diamond industry says is worst-ever in 50 years is nothing but manmade, unlike the crash of 2008 following the global economic downturn. And, no one else but the big and medium diamond companies enjoying huge credit lines with the Indian banks are to be blamed for this.As per industry estimates, several diamantaires have diverted at least Rs 30,000 crore worth of working capital loans borrowed from the foreign, private and national banks in the real estate sector and speculative buying of rough diamonds since 2010. Now, with the downturn in the real estate too and falling rough prices, big players are finding their investments stuck up.A major chunk of these loans were borrowed through round-tripping through which a small tribe of diamond traders got cheap finance against export of same set of diamonds over and over again.They used the finance obtained from several high-street lenders to dress up past losses on their books, carry out speculative deals in rough diamonds and diverting substantial part in the real estate sector.These loans were mostly borrowed for export finance at London Interbank Offered Rate (Libor) from the banks and that it works out 5.5-6% cheaper than minimum rupee loans extended by banks to corporates.\"A huge amount of cheap bank finance availed by a few black sheep in the industry is diverted to real estate and speculative deals in rough diamonds since 2010. The money is being pumped out from the diamond pipeline and this is creating a lot of problems for the rest of the players,\" Sanjay Kothari, vice-chairman, Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC), told TOI.Calling the export figures as false and manipulative, Kothari said, \"The export of $28 billion worth of polished diamonds and the import of $20 billion worth of polished diamonds in 2010-11 was the classic example of round-tripping. India is a diamond exporter and there is no need for importing polished diamonds. This shows how the 'black sheep' have played the trick to misuse the bank finance.\"\"The industry players can't be allowed to misuse the public money borrowed on cheap interest rates from the banks for their personal gains,\" said Martin Rapaport, chairman, Rapaport group, a leading US-based service provider for diamond and jewellery industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16291101", "title": "Tibetan support groups launch advocacy campaign", "text": "SHIMLA: Tibet support groups have launched a \"Global Tibet Advocacy Action\" to seek greater multilateral action by world governments over the deteriorating human rights situation in Tibet. The campaign is coordinated by International Tibet Network's Asia regional office.The campaign was launched in view of the worsening situation in Tibet, as more than 51 Tibetans have set themselves on fire, calling for the return of His Holiness the Dalai Lama to Tibet and freedom for Tibetans.Tibet support groups across the world are pressing foreign ministries to coordinate with other governments to raise the issue at the forthcoming United Nations Human Rights Council meeting and General Assembly in September.Joining the campaign, the Core Group for Tibetan Cause, an umbrella organisation of all-India Tibet support groups based in New Delhi, has submitted a memorandum to India's foreign minister S M Krishna on Wednesday, on the increasing number of tragic self-immolations in Tibet.In the memorandum, Dr N K Trikha, national convener of Core Group for Tibetan Cause, said: \"China's flagrant disregard for fundamental human rights and its violent and systematic assault on the Tibetan people must be condemned by global leaders. The scale of this crisis and China's continued unwillingness to acknowledge this concern warrants a strong international response.\"The Core Group campaigners also met six members of the parliamentary standing committee on external affairs, requesting them to invite Kalon Tripa, Dr Lobsang Sangay, to the committee to hear on triangular relations between India, Tibet and China. They were also requested to send a letter of concern to the minister of external affairs, based on the memorandum by the Core Group.Another Chinese raidThe Central Tibetan Administration in Dharamshala has stated that hundreds of Chinese police raided a Tibetan monastery in Yushul in eastern Tibet on September 1. \"The police raided monastic quarters and took away five monks from Zilkar monastery in Yushul in eastern Tibet. Phone lines and electricity were cut off during the clampdown,\" the CTA said in its website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16290543", "title": "8-year-old dies after TV falls on head", "text": "PUNE: An eight-year-old boy died after a television set accidentally fell on his head at his residence in Mhada colony in Morwadi on Thursday morning.Senior police inspector Mohan Vidhate of the Pimpri police station said that the incident took place around 7.45 am, when the victim, Rahul Kanaksingh Rajpurohit, was getting ready for school.Vidhate said that Rahul accidentally brushed against the table on which the television set was kept. \"The television set fell on his head and he sustained severe injuries,\" Vidhate said. Rahul's father rushed him to the Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial hospital in Pimpri, where he was declared dead before admission, he said.Vidhate added that the police have registered a case of accidental death. \"Rahul's body has been taken to his native place in Rajasthan for performing the last rites,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16290662", "title": "Order reserved on plea seeking videography of police probes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Thursday reserved its order on a PIL seeking directions to authorities to install cameras to record the process of investigation in order to curb incidents of custodial torture.Following a TOI report about city crime branch police inspector Paresh Solanki allegedly beating up businessmen last month in police station, an NGO Jagega Gujarat filed the plea seeking certain directions to the authorities to restrain cops from exerting undue pressure and torture during questioning.The petitioner's counsel Rashmin Jani contended that many times the cops convert civil disputes into criminal complaint and in the present case of beating the businessmen; the cop had actually assumed the task of extortionist. He further submitted that the city has recently witnessed 11 cases of custodial deaths. Advocate Jani argued that installation of cameras to record the process of custodial interrogation and investigation in police stations and lock ups may be a good preventive measure. This move could control misbehaviour on part of police officials, which is often alleged.The petitioner submitted that recently Rajkot police installed camera in all police stations for transparency and better administration. The lawyer stated that the same model could be replicated in Ahmedabad also. After hearing the case, the high court reserved its order on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16290583", "title": "Rickshaw parking a major issue", "text": "PUNE: Encroachments on footpaths and haphazard parking of autorickshaws at the Keshavrao Jedhe junction at Swargate are two of the major causes for traffic chaos at this busy chowk.The junction, which is a convergence point of five major roads, is also a hub where thousands of people arrive every hour to avail some means of transport to reach their destinations - either across the state, or to any place in the city and fringe areas.Heavy vehicular movement continues throughout the day from the roads crisscrossing each other at the junction. The location of the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation bus terminal, PMPML bus terminal, as well Bus Rapid Transit bus station at the junction is the reason why there is large movement of people at the chowk.A large number of autorickshaws arrive at the junction to drop passengers to the state transport bus terminal. The same autorickshaws ferry passengers from the junction to various areas of the city. Invariably, their haphazard parking results in chaos. Traffic officials say that there should be provision for autorickshaw stands so that they can wait in a queue.On the Satara road stretch towards Katraj, one can find autorickshaws parked in clusters. There is only just one authorized autorickshaw stand near the entrance gate of the MSRTC bus terminal. At all other places, autorickshaws are parked in violation of no-parking rules.The same is the situation on the Katraj-Swargate road stretch where autorickshaws are parked in clusters at two to three places. Although there is a queue system at the junction, many autorickshaws break the norm and come on to the road to get passengers.On the road stretch from Jedhe chowk towards Sarasbaug, a large number of autorickshaws (mostly carrying six passengers going towards Dhayari on Sinhagad Road), occupy a sizeable portion of the road. There is also an absence of an authorized autorickshaw stand for people going towards Shankarsheth Road. Some private vehicles ferrying passengers are also seen stopping on the Shankarsheth Road stretch in violation of the no-parking rules.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre agrees that there is a need for proper autorickshaw stands and streamlining the parking of autorickshaws. Traffic experts say that parking space can also be provided within the state transport terminal premises. Asked what measures are being taken to streamline the parking of autorickshaws, Pandhre said that earlier autorickshaws were being double parked. This has been stopped.PMC's additional city engineer Sriniwas Bonala says provision for autorickshaw stands has been made, but there is no traffic enforcement. \"The traffic problems at the junction can be solved only if there is proper traffic enforcement, and streamlining of autorickshaw parking,\" he said.Traffic officials have also pointed out that the encroachments on footpaths need to be removed. \"In the evening the area is encroached upon by vendors,\" Pandhre said. PMC officials, however, claim that the junction has a fixed anti-encroachment squad and that action is taken continuously.Prashant Inamdar of Pedestrians First, who has studied the traffic problems at Jedhe chowk in detail and even implemented some measures with the help of traffic police, says the footpaths need to be free from encroachments. \"Railings can be put up along the footpaths only if they are free from encroachments,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16295377", "title": "I try to keep things in perspective: Katie Holmes", "text": "Katie Holmes, who has been all over New York fashion week looking very hot and very glossy, has spoken out for the first time since she split up from Tom Cruise.According to the 33-year-old actress, there are \"bigger problems\" than her divorce in the world.\"There are a lot of people with much bigger problems and who are less fortunate. I try to keep it all in perspective,\" the Mirror quoted her as telling Woman's Wear Daily.She also said that she tries to do something every day without \"being afraid to fail.\"\"Who cares? At least you tried. It's usually the people who haven't tried who are the naysayers,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16292121", "title": "India-Israel FTA to boost apparel exports: AEPC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The proposed free trade agreement (FTA) between India and Israel is expected to benefit the country's apparel sector significantly in the wake of slowdown in the western markets, AEPC said on Thursday.The Apparel Export Promotion Council (AEPC), which organised a two-day buyer seller meet in Tel Aviv , said Indian exporters would be able to tap the middle east region through the Israeli market.The meet, which ended on Thursday, was inaugurated by textiles secretary Kiran Dhingra.\"Israel is an important market and with the India-Israel FTA in the anvil, we are hopeful of increasing trade between the countries,\" AEPC chairman A Sakthivel said in a statement.He said entering Israeli market will help in tapping USD 11 billion apparel market of the Middle East region.Further in order to increase cooperation in the sector between the countries, AEPC signed a memorandum of understanding with Israel Export and International Cooperation Institute.\"The MoU is aimed at enhancing trade and economic relation by expanding business and cooperation in the sphere of clothing and fashion industries, innovative technologies and possible solutions for the textile industry ,\" it said.Both the associations, it said, would work towards facilitating linkages of appropriate organisations that can contribute in furthering apparel trade.\"Israel in terms of apparel imports has been ranked as 31st largest importer in world with a share of 0.3 per cent of total world apparel import,\" it added.India is ranked as eighth largest supplier of apparel to Israel with the share of 2 per cent in 2011.In August, India and Israel held the fifth round of negotiations for the FTA, a move which would increase bilateral trade and investment between the countries.The bilateral trade between the nations stood at over USD 5 billion.Trade between the countries includes diamonds, chemicals, machinery, IT and agro-technologies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16290848", "title": "Engineering girl student hangs self", "text": "COIMBATORE: An 18-year-old first year engineering student committed suicide by hanging herself at her college hostel room near Madukkarai on Thursday afternoon.According to police, P Mahalakshmi was a first year BE (electrical and electronics engineering) student of Karpagam College of Engineering in Madukkarai. She hailed from Dharmapuri.She did not go to attend the class on Thursday morning and was staying alone at her hostel room. When her roommates returned in the afternoon, they found the room door locked from inside. There was no response when they knocked at the door. When they peeped through the window, they saw Mahalakshmi hanging with a dupatta tied to the fan.Immediately, the staff of the college broke into the room and brought the girl down. But the girl was found dead. Madukkarai police rushed to the spot and the body was sent to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for post-mortem.Police suspect that the girl had decided to take the extreme step as she was depressed and home-sick. A case has been registered and the investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16289285", "title": "Man jumps to death at Deolali Camp", "text": "NASHIK: A 30-year old man from Panchvati committed suicide in Deolali Camp on Wednesday afternoon by jumping from the third floor of a building.The deceased, Ravindra Bhavar, resident of Rahul Nagar, Peth Road, Panchvati, was in Deolali Camp with his wife to visit their relatives. After getting down at the bus stand at Deolali Camp, Bhavar reportedly climbed the third floor of a building and jumped.The Deolali Camp police said that around 1.30pm, Bhavar and his wife reached Deolali Camp bus stand. While they were standing near a branch of State Bank of India there, Ravindra Bhavar asked his wife to bring something to take to their relatives. While she went to a nearby shop, Bhavar took the extreme step. On returning, his wife found him lying in a pool of blood. He was immediately shifted to the Cantonment Hospital there. However, he was shifted to the Civil Hospital, where he was declared dead on arrival.Senior police inspector Anil Powar said that that during investigation, they found that the deceased was an alcoholic .On August 26, his wife had even lodged an offence against him with the police, accusing him of beating her regularly and harassing her under the influence of alcohol. Ravindra Bhavar's health had also deteriorated and he was admitted to hospital. He was discharged on Tuesday. Bhavar is survived by his wife and two girls, aged five and six years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16289133", "title": "NMC to donate all seized cattle to Gorakshan Sansthan", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to seize stray cattle sitting or moving on the roads and donate them to Gorakshan Sansthan on Wardha road. The proposal aims to rid the city of stray cattle sitting on busy roads, especially near dustbins. The cattle are one of the main reasons for traffic jams and road accidents.An official told TOI about the proposal prepared by the department to seize cattle and donate it to Gorakshan. NMC veterinary officer Dr Gajendra Mahalle confirmed the development, but refused to comment further.Presently, NMC's veterinary department captures cattle and releases them after imposing a fine of Rs550 on the owners. However, this has failed to change the situation. After paying the fine, cattle owners continue to let their animals loose on the city's roads.\"Many times, we receive complaints from people about stray cattle including cows and goats blocking the traffic and creating nuisance on the road. We send our staff to seize the animals and put them in NMC's impound sheds. Later, the animals are handed over to the owners after they pay the fine,\" said the officer.\"However, the very next day we find the same animals on the road again. As a result, motorists feel that the NMC is not doing anything,\" said the officer.In the first five months of this fiscal, from April to August, NMC has seized as many as 1,290 cattle, of which over 90% were caught repeatedly. Despite so many seizures, residents blame the department for failing to tackle the stray cattle, as the number of cattle seen in vegetable markets and on busy roads have not decreased at all.The officer said that in the past NMC used to auction stray cattle but stopped that practice after receiving complaints of cattle being diverted to slaughterhouses or left uncared for. Now, NMC has decided to seize the cattle and donate them to Gorakshan Sabha.Till date, the department used to donate only the 'unclaimed animals' to Gorakshan. From April 2011 to August 31, 2012, the department had handed over 119 heads of cattle to Gorakshan.If this proposal is passed, results should be visible on the roads within a week, claimed the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16295554", "title": "City based bank reports incidents of fake currency", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Satellite branch of a city-based bank reported four fake currency notes deposited by the account holders in past six months. Satellite police have registered a case and handed it over to city Special Operations Group (SOG) for further investigation.According to Satellite police officials, Milan Patel, an employee of Satellite branch of Kalupur Commercial Bank near Vasant Rajab Society, filed a complaint. According to his complaint, the bank received three currency notes of Rs 500 denomination and one of Rs 1,000 between December 2011 and February 2012 from four of its account holders.\"The notes were sent to the headquarters where they were detected as fake. The notes did not have some of the security features due to which it was detected by the scanners. We have also got names of the depositors and will contact them to know how they got hold of the notes,\" said a Satellite police official. SOG has found more than 1,000 currency notes in past one year from the city. While some were of good quality, others were simply printed or photocopied by fraudsters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289665", "title": "Banks eye rider for loan to road projects", "text": "New Delhi: Banks may make full land acquisition a prerequisite for sanctioning loans to highway projects. The chairman of a large financial institution told TOI that the lender is looking at issuing an internal directive on the issue, which will make funding even tougher for road projects where work has already slowed down in the absence of bank participation.\"Even if a contractor builds nine-and-a-half kilometers of a 10 km project, the project is incomplete just because land is not available for 500 metres. It makes the entire project unviable,\" he said.Another bank chief said his executives have flagged the issue to the government. \"In case the entire land is not made available, the project is held up, which is not in the interest of anyone. Full land should be made available to the developer,\" the banker added.Even ministry officials conceded that lenders had raised the possibility of stopping funding to projects where land acquisition had not been completed at the time of awarding the contract. The government has, however, said it was virtually impossible to meet the demand. \"NHAI has told developers and banks that it would allow provisional tolling on stretches if 75% of a road is completed,\" an official said. This may address the lenders' concerns as tolling can start even if the project is incomplete for want of land, or for any other reason.The absence of bank support is stalling fresh highway contracts, the mainstay of the government's ambitious infrastructure programme that has virtually come to a halt in most sectors, ranging from power to railways and ports. Roads were the sole shining light but even they are now suffering from funding pangs.To tide over the financing woes, the highways ministry is coming to the rescue of road builders and is asking the finance ministry to instruct banks to be less \"rigid\". Earlier, banks were being lenient and not insisting on developers getting 30% of the project cost upfront. But with defaults on the rise and road contractors suffering from high leverage , lenders are being extra cautious and are insisting that rules be followed in letter and spirit.At a meeting on delay in financial closure of major highway projects, contractors on Wednesday told the government that banks and FIs are now insisting on 100% equity before releasing the loan amount. \"This was not the case earlier. Banks would start releasing installments with contractors putting a certain percentage of the total equity. Now, the new condition has hit them hard when the equity market has dried up,\" a highways ministry official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288798", "title": "NRI death case: Business partner booked for abetting suicide", "text": "MUMBAI: More than six months after a 34-year-old NRI ended his life in the city and the police closed the case as one of accidental death, it has sprung back to life on the orders of the Bombay high court as one of abetment.Though Manish Malhotra, co-owner of a successful event management firm, had said twice in an email before his death that his business partner Renu Sharma (name changed) must not be blamed for his \"cowardly\" action, his family wants a more thorough probe, insinuating that Manish's actions were a \"direct consequence of her (Renu's) harsh attitude and cold-heartedness\".On February 19 this year, Manish met Renu over dinner and then sent her a text message around 1.40am, asking her to check her email after 20 minutes. In the mail, he mentioned his affection for her and his decision to end his life. He then consumed cyanide that he had bought on the internet. Renu, who saw the mail only the next morning, rushed to Manish's Amboli house, where he was found unconscious. He died in hospital.The high court berated the Amboli police and ordered a fresh FIR based on a detailed letter from Manish's uncle. Criticizing the explanation for closing the case even before getting a report from the forensic lab, it said it \"reinforced\" the uncle's apprehension that \"the whole matter has been delayed by the local police to benefit the accused\". The court also moved the case to the crime branch under its monitoring.Earlier this week, the Amboli police registered a case of abetment to suicide and cheating against Renu.No foul play had been suspected when Manish died and police registered an accidental death report (ADR). But nine days later, Manish's maternal uncle, Navin Kumar, who was in Kolkata then, wrote on behalf of Manish's Australia-based family to Mumbai police, seeking a more thorough probe into the \"suspicious circumstances\" of the death.He claimed that Manish was in love with Renu and had planned to spend Valentine's Day (February 14) with her in Maldives. He felt \"cheated\" on finding out that she had made plans to spend the occasion with another man.\"Renu was the last person with whom Manish had interacted. They had an affair, but afterwards she developed relations with another man,\" said Kumar's advocate S Kunjuraman.The police investigated the case for about a month, but came up with nothing. Kumar then shifted to Mumbai and moved the high court on April 30. After the HC took up his petition, the police revealed that they had closed the case though a report was still awaited from the forensic laboratory. At the court's prodding, the report came on August 16. Nine days later, the police filed an FIR.\"It is not clear as to what prevented the police officer from registering an FIR on the basis of the written complaint dated February 29, 2012, which was exhaustive, instead of a truncated FIR now registered on August 25,\" said the judges, directing that it be treated as erased from the records and a fresh registered.The court also felt that the \"peculiar circumstances of the case\" called for an independent probe and handed it over to an officer not below the rank of ACP in the crime branch. It also said it would supervise the case progress and posted the matter to September 24.Renu's lawyer, Ashok Saraogi, said: \"The entire blame is being put on her merely because Manish had a one-sided affair with her. Even if it were true, it does not mean that she cannot opt for a better option.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16287835", "title": "Ghatkopar link road to get special lanes for BRTS", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic body plans to launch a pilot project of the much-delayed Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS), aimed at creating separate lanes for public transport vehicles to ease traffic congestion, on Ghatkopar-Mankhurd Link Road.The idea of the pilot project has been mooted by BMC's standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale and will be implemented after the Ghatkopar-Mankhurd Link Road is widened.Currently 4-km long and 61-m wide, the link road is flanked by concrete pavements. Along the two sides of the main carriageway, run service roads, which are covered in asphalt. The civic body plans to convert these strips into lanes for the BRTS route. The dedicated lanes, each 7.5 m wide, will be used by BEST buses only.\"While the Ghatkopar-Mankhurd Link Road is being widened, we have decided to implement the BRTS project on the service road, which will act as a separate lane for public transport vehicles,\" Shewale said.Beside the BRTS lanes will be a 6-m-wide area, marked out for bus stands and pavement.As a part of the road widening project, the BMC has also decided to set up two box cells for utility services under the footpaths, one meant for gas pipelines, water mains and communication cables and the other for high-tension cables and other utilities. The cost estimated for the widening, concretization and other work in the project is Rs 173.18 crore and the time slotted for the completion of the work is 24 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16290838", "title": "Boy beaten by teacher for no reason", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 14-year-old school boy was canned by a teacher on Thursday evening at Carmel Garden Matriculation Higher Secondary School in the city. The boy was brought to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) with injury marks on both arms. The issue was later settled amicably.L Jeffrey Daniel of Indira Nagar near Rathinapuri in the city is studying class IX (B section) at Carmel Garden Matriculation Higher secondary school at Sungam. The school has four sections A, B, C and D for class 9. On Thursday, around 2.50 pm, a few class 9 students had gone to the school ground and were chatting with the physical education teacher Rajesh.Some boys told the physical education teacher that a student from D section did not attend one of the classes. Instead, he was chatting with a friend in the classroom. Rajesh instructed Jeffery, one of his students to write up the disobedience and hand it over to English teacher Shanthi Joseph who was the errant boy's class teacher.As instructed, Jeffery handed the paper to Shanthi Joseph, who was at that time conducting lesions for class 12 students. For some reason Shanthi became angry and slapped Jeffery. She also used a cane to beat him.Injury marks were found on both Jeffery's arms. He informed his father A Loorthuraj, 45, a businessman who rushed to the school and took his son to CMCH for treatment. He approached the police also.\"I did not do any wrong. But I was beaten up severely by the teacher,\" said Jeffrey, who is the only son. He demanded that the school management punish the teacher.\"When the matter came to my knowledge, the issue was settled amicably. But we will take action against the teacher,\" said Mariajoseph, principal of the school.In April 2011, a class X student M Hariharasudhan, 15 of Premier Vidyaa Vikash Matriculation Higher Secondary School at Vadavalli was thrashed with a wooden log by the vice-principal S Rajapandian for poor performance and not showing interest in mathematics. The boy was bruised with blood clots on his left arm and thigh. The school management suspended the vice principal.On 16 July, 2012, a woman physical education teacher Shobana of Bharathi Matriculation Higher Secondary School in Coimbatore was sentenced to one month's imprisonment by a Coimbatore court for forcibly cutting the hair of a 10-year-old girl on March 3, 2008. The teacher was enraged when she saw the girl's hairstyle, which was not in conformity with what was prescribed by the school. She beat her up before cutting her hair.The state government banned corporal punishment in schools in 2007 by deleting rule 51 from Tamil Nadu Education Rules. Rule 51 dates back to the pre-Independence years and had provisions for corporal punishment for students caught lying and using obscene language in school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16288189", "title": "14-year-old\u2019s mystery death shocks Dwarka", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 14-year-old son of a doctor, who was a budding athlete preparing for a national meet, was mysteriously found dead outside his Dwarka residence on Wednesday night, three hours after he went missing while returning from a tuition class.Police say the victim, Vaibhav Kumar, a Class IX student of Bal Bharati School, may have committed suicide by jumping off the terrace of the eight-storey Skylark Apartment, where he used to stay. His body was discovered around 10.10pm by his sister near a parking lot close to their first-floor residence. \"He probably jumped from the terrace at 10.08pm. We have CCTV footage from a milk booth which recorded the fall ,\" said A K Ojha, additional CP (southwest). Cops said, according to preliminary postmortem findings, there are no signs of a struggle on Vaibhav's body.The family refutes the possibility of the boy killing himself. The footage, they say, shows a limp body falling. They said Vaibhav was in high spirits and had no reason to commit suicide. He even told his brother Vishesh, 16, that he would follow up the news about football club Manchester United's new recruits when he returned from his tuition class.\"He was a soccer fan. Before leaving, he said we would discuss Man U when he returns. Why would he suddenly commit suicide?'' claimed Vishesh.His tuition teacher, Ritu, told police that Vaibhav had left her residence at 6.50pm after cutting a cake to celebrate Teacher's Day. She said he was cheerful and talked about his exploits in Japan, where he had gone to attend an international sports meet two years ago.Vaibhav, who was to participate in the national trials for the 200m sprint and triple jump in October, usually returned from his tuition class at 7.15pm. When he did not come home till 8pm, the family launched a search. Around 10pm, his sister Vaishali, 18, decided to check the terrace of the building. As she was going up the stairs from their first-floor residence, she heard a thud \u2014 like a body hit the ground \u2014 and rushed downstairs to find Vaibhav lying dead with blood on his nose.\"We carried out a detailed postmortem of the boy at DDU Hospital and a crime team along with the forensics team has examined the spot. Footage from all 36 CCTV cameras at the society is being studied,'' additional CP Ojha said.But the family says it is strange that there were just three drops of blood at the spot where Vaibhav fell. \"If he had indeed jumped from the eighth-floor terrace, there should have been more blood,\" said a family member.The Dwarka police will study both the postmortem report and inputs from forensic experts before registering a case. Cops found Vaibhav's slippers and a register copy from the terrace.\"The wall of the terrace is three feet high. It seems improbable that someone could have pushed him over the wall without him raising an alarm,\" claimed an officer.Vaibhav's uncle Kulbhusan and brother said that they have reasons to believe that Vaibhav was a victim of foul play. Talking to TOI, Vaishali said when she saw her brother on the ground, he was motionless. \"I am sure someone saw me coming and tried to clean up the staircase by pushing his body down. There were aberrations on his left leg suggesting he was beaten up. Doctors said he was dead two hours before we recovered the body,'' she claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293155", "title": "'Shanghai' takes an unconventional route", "text": "In what appears to be the very first instance of an Indian film journeying from commercial release to the film festivals, Dibakar Bannerjee's Shanghai is all set to first proceed to the Toronto Film festival and then to other selected festivals after the film has had its full commercial run in Indian theatres.This, according to a very reliable source from within the project's core crew was a decision taken by the producers. Says the source, \"Festival films are automatically perceived as non-commercial projects. If a film goes to the film festivals, it is presumed that the film is meant for discerning audiences. Masses stay away from it. The producers of Shanghai willed that the film be released commercially first. They didn't want it to be branded a 'festival' film.\"When asked about this unconventional route taken by his film, director Dibakar Bannerjee said, \"It's true we had to release Shanghai in India commercially before it could go to any of the festivals. That's because of some interesting compulsions regarding the marketing and release. We had no choice but to release the film in India before it went to any festival. Having said that I'd like to point out that the profile and outlook of the audience in India has changed substantially thought not radically in the last ten years. A new brigade of filmmakers has emerged in our cinema with films that dare to go against norms. My film Love Sex Aur Dhokha was shown in festivals and was a big commercial success.\"However, Dibakar admits that the journey of Shanghai into festivals has started only now. \"We are now taking the film to selected festivals. And also releasing it commercially in several countries where it has not been released so far.\"Says Dibakar, \"As far as I understand, Shanghai has opened up a new kind of Indian cinema to the outside world and westerners are re-orienting their image of Indian cinema according to the India that they've seen in Shanghai. So far they've imagined India and Indian cinema to be one way. In my own way I've shown the existence of another India and another kind of cinema which shows a society in a state terrible flux. In contrast, my next film would enter a world of absolute tranquility torn apart by the kind of evil that they are too innocent to comprehend.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288068", "title": "Man \u2018kidnaps\u2019 daughter to \u2018protect\u2019 her from bar dancer mother", "text": "MUMBAI: A man facing charges of \"kidnapping\" his daughter, filed by his former live-in partner, has claimed that the child would be protected at his ancestral home in Kerala, than with her mother who he alleged was a \"bar dancer\".Farooq, who obtained interim protection from the sessions court, where he has filed an anticipatory bail plea, insisted before the Bombay HC that he had the interests of his three-year old daughter at heart. He offered to marry his former live-in partner Meera, and accept her two other daughters with another man, if she was willing to shift with him to Kerala.A division bench of Justice A M Khanwilkar and Justice R D Dhanuka asked Meera to file her response and scheduled the matter for September 10. The court was hearing a plea filed by Meera who claimed that Farooq took away their daughter while she was working in Dubai.Farooq said he met Meera when both of them were working at a hotel in Abu Dhabi\u2014she as a bar dancer and he as restaurant manager. They came back to Mumbai when Meera got pregnant. Farooq said he was shocked by the lifestyle of bar dancers. When Meera again left for Dubai, he moved to Kerala to \"protect\" his daughter. Meera said Farooq visited her mother and took away the child, saying he would bring her back. Instead, he took her to Kerala.(Names of the couple changed to protect their identities)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16293710", "title": "State govt doctors begin non-cooperation strike", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The doctors in the state health service launched their indefinite non-cooperation strike on Thursday by boycotting the medical officers' conferences in all districts.Though the government had warned doctors of dire consequences if they boycotted the meetings, they ignored the warning. The government has imposed dies - non against striking doctors.The Kerala Government Medical Officers Association (KGMOA) has warned that there would not be any going back on the strike call as the government had resorted to unjustifiable transfer of five doctors in the Satnam Singh murder case.The association leaders said in a press statement that the report submitted by the vigilance head of the health service was not acceptable to them and that the government should hence review it. They have also demanded that the government order a fresh probe into the incident.The association has also criticized the government for declaring the non-cooperation strike unlawful. \"We have not made any attempt to stay away from treating patients or shirk hospital duty. How can the government then call our strike unlawful,\" asked Dr O Vasudevan and Dr M Muraleedharan, KGMOA state president and secretary, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16290210", "title": "Rajasthan couple seeks mercy killing for paralysed kids", "text": "JAIPUR: In a tragic case of poverty and illness, a couple from Sallada village in Udaipur wants the state government to euthanize their two children who are paralysed and bed-ridden. Barely able to make ends meet on their daily wages, the couple says it is not possible for them to feed and take care of these children who have a disease which has not even been diagnosed properly by doctors in the area.Ramila Devi, 30, and her husband Ganeshi Lal have an eight-year-old daughter Bhumika Kumari and a four-year-old son Tanish. Both suffered a paralytic attack about two years after their birth and became \"completely bed-ridden\". \"We have written a letter to the district collector on Tuesday and requested him to give permission for the children's mercy killing,\" said Ramila on Thursday.\"Both my kids were born in perfect health. When daughter Bhumika was two years old, she suffered a fever and stopped moving. Both her hands and legs turned stiff. Some months later, my son Tanish also suffered the same problem. They have been bedridden for almost an year,\" she added.Ramila said her husband Ganeshi Lal is a labourer and in the past two years all their savings have gone into treatments and medicines.\"Agar dawa free bhi hai to Sallada se Udaipur aaney jaaney aur khaney main bhi paisa lagta hai (Even if the medicine is free we have to pay for the fare and food while travelling to and from Udaipur),\" she added.\"In past two years we have sold all our jewellery and immovable assets. It is now impossible to pursue the treatment. We tried to look for financial aid but our efforts failed to bear fruit,\" she added.When contacted the sarpanch of Sallada village, Devi Lal Meena said that senior authorities of the district collectorate have been intimated about the family plight and \"they will definitely get some financial aid\".District collector Hemant Gera formed a three-member committee which met the couple and their kids on Thursday. \"They are a BPL family and we will ensure that they will get hassle-free medication,\" said a senior district official.Naryan Seva Sadan, an NGO has also offered full help to the family and pleaded with them avoid the mercy killing option. \"We will help them in our full capacity and not let them go for mercy killing,\" said the NGO's representative Prashant Agarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16295769", "title": "One more temple robbed in Patan", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Temples in North Guajrat continue to be robbed. The latest incident of robbery took place in a Jain temple in Patan taluka. Robbers broke into the tenple in the wee hours on Wednesday and stole Rs 10 lakh worth of jewellery.Interestingly, despite several notifications of installing CCTV cameras in the district, the temple had refrained from installing any surveillance equipments as they did not have an electricity connection. Mukesh Trivedi the temple priest explained that in most Jain temples its a practice for not having a connection as a matter of principle. The robbers, according to the police complaint had broken the front door lock. Police suspect the involvement of an insider.According to the police complaint the robbers had scooted with a gold crown, 20 Kg of silver and few gold ornaments. By afternoon the dog squad, forensic experts were called by the local police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16287808", "title": "Government got many requests for reimbursement", "text": "BANGALORE: The state government has decided to reimburse the cost of infertility treatment to its women employees following many representations.Law minister S Suresh Kumar told reporters after Thursday's cabinet meeting: \"The director of health and family welfare services has given opinion stating that this could be considered for medical reimbursement. Since other medical expenses are being reimbursed by adopting the rates fixed under the Central Government Health Scheme in the state, it was decided to provide reimbursement of medical expenses for IVF.\"GOVT'S CONDITIONS* A woman undergoing IVF treatment should be between 21 and 39* The woman should be living with her husband* Reimbursement of expenses incurred on IVF will be allowed up to a maximum of three fresh cycles* Request for IVF treatment will be considered only on the basis of advice by a head of the department of gynecology &amp; obstetrics in a government medical institution* The dean/director of a government medical college can give permission for IVF treatment on the recommendation of the head of the department of gynecology &amp; obstetrics of a government medical institution* IVF will be allowed on a case-to-case basis in private medical institutions if these are registered with the state/central governments", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "ranchi/sindri", "code": "16292737", "title": "Met office warns of more rain today", "text": "RANCHI/SINDRI: The met department has warned of heavy rainfall in the next 24 hours. The state has been receiving excessive rainfall since Monday throwing life out of gear in several parts of the state. Attendance in schools and colleges have gone down considerably.The Met office here said Ranchi had received 210% above normal rain in the last three days. \"The total recorded rainfall in last 24 hours is 24.5 mm (average) as against the normal of 7.9mm,\" said G K Mohanthy, director Ranchi met office.Ranchi has hilly terrain and water do not remain here for long. But this theory does not apply in Kishioreganj where water is flowing not only on the roads but has eneterd the houses too ,\" said Uday Kumar Jha, a resident.In next 24 hours heavy rainfall is expected at many places in Jharkhand. Dhanbad has received 1095% excess rainfall. It has so far received a total of 89.6mm rainfall. Weathermen said the low pressure area over Odisha and its neighborhood on Tuesday is moving towards MP and its neighborhood.In Sindri, dozens of trees were uprooted and overhead electric wires and poles damaged owing to heavy rain in the past 12 hours..Power supply in the town remained disrupted as rain water deposition in one of the substations caused a flash in one of the high-tension cables. The JSEB authorities were trying to restore power supply till the time of reporting. Fallen trees on key routes disrupted traffic in the town.With the bridge connecting Orbhitha village with Sindri Marshaling Yard being washed away, farmers of Parasbania, Chhatabad, Modidih are ruing their lot as the embankment of a big pond spread over 30 acres suffered severe damages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16292403", "title": "Congress feud intensifies ahead of poll preparations", "text": "BHOPAL: Congress lost Assembly elections 2008 in Madhya Pradesh, fighting a war of factional politics. Four years later and 13 months to the next Assembly polls, there seem to be no reprieve from the factional devil that still riddles the party.Prominent leaders remained absent even as the state Congress called a three-day general body meeting on Thursday to discuss preparations for the upcoming Assembly polls scheduled for November 2013. AICC general secretary and former chief minister Digvijay Singh was the only tall leader from Madhya Pradesh present in the general body meeting. State party chief Kantilal Bhuria and majority of the office-bearers belong to his faction.\"Some leaders are out of the country, others are busy because the Parliament is in session,'' AICC general secretary and the party's state in charge BK Hariprasad said. The Congress explained that Union minister of state Jyotiraditya Scindia was abroad, Union minister Kamal Nath was busy attending important meetings while Suresh Pachauri was in hospital for a medical check-up.\"There are 574 members in the general body out of which 557 were present. The remaining sent letters explaining their absence,'' Hariprasad said. Asked if the absence of leaders from the meeting depicted differences between the factions and rivalry within the Congress, Hariprasad argued: \"There is no factional feud within the party. If any Congress leader says so, I will submit my resignation.''Holding the BJP responsible for the logjam and upheaval in Parliament over the coal block allocation irregularities, Hariprasad trained his guns on the rival party's chief ministers of Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh.Hariprasad also nicknamed Madhya Pradesh as 'Murder Pradesh' under BJP rule. He recalled that a student activist of the Congress affiliated NSUI was set alight by four members of the Bajrang Dal-ABVP combine in Betul district on August 31. The victim Rahul Joshi succumbed to burns earlier this week.The party decided to support the 51 villagers from Ghogalgaon in Khandwa district who have been protesting in neck deep waters of the Narmada over the past fortnight.\"We have decided to support the issue of the Narmada oustees and the hundreds of villagers who are demanding compensation and land,'' said Congress' leader of Opposition Ajay Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16290310", "title": "Govt may rehabilitate displaced Amanishah house owners", "text": "JAIPUR: In a major relief, the state government is planning to rehabilitate affected house owners of the residential colonies situated in catchment area of the Amanishah Nullah.A meeting in this regard is scheduled on Friday at the state secretariat which will be chaired by the chief secretary. \"A meeting is been called to evaluate the strategy under which the affected people can be rehabilitated. There is a lot of ambiguity on the number of people affected. The benchmarks will also be decided under which the compensation and rehabilitation will be made,\" a source said.According to officials, so far the JDA has estimated there are approximately 3,000 illegal houses in the catchment area and started issuing notices to the owners who have constructed their houses in the catchment area of the nullah. \"We are identifying and issuing notices. The drive to raze the illegal construction will be carried out simultaneously,\" an official said.The JDA started demarcation of nullah from Maharni Farm to Shiprapath end since last Sunday. To make the nullah 205 feet wide, the enforcement team has issued 53 notices to owners of houses in the catchment area. An official said the JDA has issued 20 notices in Jagannathpuri, 15 in Kiran Vihar, six in Shiv Shankar Vistar, four in Shiv Vihar , five in Ganpati Nagar and two notices in Ganesh Vistar.The owners who have bought houses from housing societies and received notices claimed that it is not justified to raze their houses as they are not encroachers and possess legal supportive documents. They alleged that JDA officials and housing societies were in hand in glove while developing colonies in the catchment area.Dhanraj Kumar, an affected house owner said, \"The colony was developed by the housing society and we would have not purchased the house if we were told that it was in the catchment area. It's because of corrupt officials and housing societies the poor people have become victims. The state government should take stringent action and punish them first. We have land deeds and registry of our houses to prove we are not encroachers.\"Many claimed that if the state government removes their houses without having a rehabilitation plan they will have no roof to take shelter despite shelling out hard earned money. \"The state government are rehabilitating the encroachers and showing no mercy to poor people who have registry of their houses,\" another resident said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16290930", "title": "Madurai dog shortlisted for PETA contest", "text": "MADURAI: Jack, a community dog, is vying with several other dogs for the top slot for the cutest Indian dog alive contest, being conducted online by People for Ethical Treatment of Animals ( PETA ). The dog would have been roaming the streets of Madurai if Amirtham, a college student had not come forward to adopt the pup a year ago from the street.Amirtham, a MSc student said that he used to be disturbed by the whining of the pup outside his house in Balasubramanian Nagar in Tirunagar on a rainy night, a year ago. \"The pup looked as though it had just opened its eyes and seemed to have wandered away from a litter. So, I took him in and gave him some warm milk,\" he said, remembering the day of the beginning of a beautiful relationship.He had kept him for some days and then his own pet Nemo, a Pomeranian became very attached to the pup. \"He was the cutest dog and I tried giving him away, but he always returned because people found him looking sad and I decided to keep him,\" said Amritham. When his friend asked him to enter Jack's photograph for PETA's online contest, he did so and found that many had voted for this dog from Madurai, who had no bloodline to boast of and now Jack finds himself among the finalists.According to Dr P Palanikumar, the secretary for People for Animals in Madurai, Indian dogs are the best suited for Indian homes. \"People should come forward to adopt community dogs, instead of investing in big breeds and give these dogs a home,\" he said.His next goal is to conduct a beauty pageant for community dogs in Madurai to identify true animal lovers. This would go a long way in launching a full-fledged animal welfare association of like-minded people he said.Meanwhile, executive secretary of the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SPCA) which was reinitiated on February 15, 2011 when C Kamaraj was collector of Madurai says that the SPCA is totally non-functional at present.He said that the revival of the SPCA for which the district collector was the chairman was a must, because cruelty to animals was on the rise in Madurai, with community dogs being treated inhumanely and cattle many of them calves being transported through the district in the most cruel manner as drought cattle to Kerala.People have to be sensitized on animal welfare and adopting community dogs would go a long way in getting rid of the dog menace in the city, feel these animal lovers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293274", "title": "Kakababu's shooting delayed", "text": "Economist turned director, Srijit Mukherji's has already started pre-production of his fourth film 'Kakababu'.It's reported that his favourite hero Prasenjit Chatterjee will play the lead. Added to this it is said that due to Prasenjit's prior commitment to other films, Kakababu's shooting is delayed. Sources also reveal some portions of the films are to be shot in Egypt . This will be Srijit's first film where some portions of the film have been shoot abroad.Source: http://bengalimovies.org/news/kakababus-shooting-delayed-due-prasenjits-date-issue-10090", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288690", "title": "Elevated corridor: Few stations may be dropped to cut cost", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railway may eliminate a few stations from its original plan for the Rs 21,000-crore Oval Maidan-Virar elevated corridor. This will save a lot of money that would otherwise have been spent on building these stations. As per the existing plans, a total of 26 stations have been proposed on the 60-km route. However, 3-4 stations\u2014where passenger traffic is low or distance between two stations is not much\u2014can be removed from the route.An official said, \"We hope to reduce land acquisition demand by 50% if feasibility for elimination of station and change of alignment is established.\"The total land requirement for the project is 26 hectares, including private structures. According to the original design prepared to run 15-car services, more than 1,700 families and 7,000 people affected by the project would have required rehabilitation. Acquisition of land can be a tedious process fraught with legal implications that can set the project back by years. The lower the demand for private land, the faster is the chance of executing the project. To avoid these hurdles, it has now been more or less decided that the infrastructure for the project will be built keeping in mind 12-car services. The official said, \"Initially, 8-car services will be introduced and it can gradually be augmented to 12-car as the demand increases. We are even open to the idea of running 6-car services if the purpose of the project is served.\"Sources said a few stations like Matunga Road, Mahim or even Naigaon can be removed from the list because the passenger traffic is not much there.The cost of building an underground station is Rs 200 crore while an elevated station would cost Rs 70 crore. The cost will escalate due to inflation when the actual work begins. The official said, \"In monetary terms, too, there will be substantial savings if some stations are eliminated.\"It will also aid in faster operation of trains. \"The more the number of stations, the more halts will be provided,\" the official said. He said a final decision will be taken in a few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16292631", "title": "Defunct machine affects HIV treatment", "text": "Berhampur: The treatment of AIDS patients has been affected at the anti retro-viral treatment (ART) centre here for the last 12 days because the CD-4 machine, installed at MKCG Medical College, is defunct since August 18. The drugs are administrated to patients with low CD-4 count in their body system.Many old and new HIV positive patients are waiting to know their CD-4 count so that they can take the ART accordingly. Regular monitoring of the CD-4 count is important for the medicine to be effective. The CD-4 should be counted every six months, the doctors said. At present, 1,945 patients are being treated at the ART, Berhampur centre.Most of these patients are from Ganjam district that has the highest number of persons living with the HIV (PLWHIVs) in the state. As many as 9,768 persons had tested positive for HIV in the district by July-end. The number of HIV positive persons in the state in the same period was 25,788, sources added.Health activists said PLWHIVs coming to ART for their CD-4 test are facing many difficulties. \"Most patients are poor and they are not keen to come for the CD-4 test again going by the expenses involved,\" said Loknath Mishra, director, ARUNA, an NGO working for HIV positive patients in Ganjam district.A doctor in the ART centre said they administrated the drugs to patients by observing some other conditions. Similarly, the pre-ART treatment was provided, at least for a fortnight, to the new HIV patients. \"Treatment has not been completely stopped due to the defunct CD-4 machine,\" the ART doctor said.Medical college authorities said they were trying to repair the machine as quickly as possible. \"We have invited engineers from outside the state,\" said principal Sonamali Bag. The medical college has also requested the National AIDS Control Society (NACO) to replace the machine with a new one, she added. The CD-4 machine was installed by NACO in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16293864", "title": "Parliament disrupted for 13th day on coal issue", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parliament was disrupted even on the last day of the Monsoon Session on Friday with BJP members insisting on their demand for resignation of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh over the issue of coal block allocation.Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha were adjourned till noon after opposition triggered ruckus on the issue.This was for the 13th consecutive day that Parliament was adjourned without transacting any significant business amid stormy scenes over coal block allocation and some other issues.AIADMK members were in the Well waving copies of a newspaper carrying reports of Finance Minister P Chidambaram's alleged involvement in a land grab case.DMK members were protesting against the upcoming visit of Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa to India.In the Lok Sabha, BJP members trooped to the Well as soon as Speaker Meira Kumar took up the Question Hour. They raised slogans demanding the resignation of the Prime Minister.The House plunged into turmoil as AIADMK and DMK members also joined the BJP members and raised different issues.The Speaker adjourned the proceedings till noon within a minute of convening the House.In the Rajya Sabha, soon after Chairman Hamid Ansari announced the retirement of Secretary General V K Agnihotri, BJP members raised slogans against the government on the alleged coal scam. Some SP and AIADMK members too were up on their feet but could not be heard in the din.As the slogan shouting members were unrelenting, Ansari adjourned the House till noon.Earlier, the House appreciated Agnihotri, a 1968-batch IAS officer, for \"devotion\" and \"dedication\" towards his duties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16292696", "title": "3 members of Ranchi bikers' gang arrested", "text": "RANCHI: Three members of a bikers' gang hailing from Katihar district in Bihar , involved in several cases of snatching, were arrested by the district police on Thursday. Members of Tiger mobile of Kotwali police station caught hold of Sanjay Kumar while he was trying to snatch cash from a SBI main branch customer. Acting on a tip off, police deployed jawans in civil dress at the bank and are on the lookout for six more alleged snatchers named Jimmi Yadav, Ram Yadav, Dom Yadav, Don Yadav, Suresh Yadav, and Raj Yadav. After his arrest, Sanjay helped the police track down two more members Raju Yadav and Romi Yadav who were arrested along with a bike at Zakir Hussain Park.\"The gangs are in touch with their counterparts in Delhi, Kolkata, Odisha and other cities where they are involved in similar crimes,\" said SSP Saket Kumar. They have been living in Ranchi for the last three months. \"The gang used to work in a sophisticated manner. Around four or five gangs used to surround a bank while one entered. They made it a point to see that no one escaped their sight,\" said a police officer, adding, \"If one failed to snatch because of passers-by, he would chase the person down and inform another member of the gang.\"The gangs have confessed their involvement in over 10 cases which have been registered with different police stations in the city. They rented a house in a locality in Ratu. Rs 50,000 cash, six bags, three mobiles and clothes were recovered during raids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "16290597", "title": "Release water from upstream dams: Sena", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Shiv Sena on Thursday demanded that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan direct the authorities concerned to release water into the Jayakwadi dam, popularly known as Nathsagar, from the upstream dams in Ahmednagar and Nashik districts.Sena MP Chandrakant Khaire expressed concern about the irrigation situation in Marathwada. He said that half of the 14 big dams in the region still have zero per cent live storage of water, while there is very little water stock in the other smaller dams despite the recent rain.In a memorandum submitted to the chief minister, Khaire said that minor and medium irrigation projects too have just 8 to 11% water compared to their storage capacity.He pointed out that a number of dams are located on the upstream of Jayakwadi dam, which gets water only when it is released from the upstream dams. Khaire also said that many major dams including Nilwande, Bhandardara, Mula, Darna, Gangapur and Palkhed were built much after the Jayakwadi dam was constructed.Khaire said that at present, almost all the upstream dams have 90 to 95% water storage. He said that considering chances of good rainfall in the next few days, these dams might overflow. He urged the chief minister to direct authorities concerned to release water from these dams.He also said that the five districts of Marathwada - Aurangabad, Jalna, Beed, Parbhani and Nanded - depend heavily on the Jayakwadi dam for water for irrigation and drinking purposes.He threatened to launch an agitation if the situation was allowed to continue, since it would badly affect industries as well as drinking water supply systems in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16292855", "title": "RIMS reps to meet health min today", "text": "RANCHI: A general body meeting of the Rajendra Institute of Medical Science ( RIMS) with the health minister, Hemlal Murmu and principal secretary (health) K Vidyasagar will be held on Friday. In order to voice their concern, the body has decided to submit a memorandum of their demands.\"We are going to put forward our demands and hope that they are accepted since we are doing a human service,\" Dr Prabhat Kumar, secretary, Jharkhand Medical Teacher's Association said. Speaking further, he said, \"We will raise the issue of dynamic Assured Career Promotion (ACP) benefit to the doctors. The Sixth Pay Commission has been implemented in many states with the exception of Jharkhand, though it has been approved for doctors working outside the medical college. We have raised this issue many times but except assurances nothing has happened so far.\"Apart from demanding autonomy, issue of payment of Non Practicing Allowance (NPA) which was being given to them till May 2012 but was stopped in June will also be taken up. \"That apart, we are not getting the permission to start private practice,\" he said.The number of undergraduate and post graduate seats have been increased but the faculty strength has remained unchanged. According to Kumar, \"There are no vacancies for teachers. The due promotion of teachers has been pending for a long time. As far as recruitment is concerned, we want the present working teachers to be given first preference. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16289644", "title": "Flooding the stage", "text": "Modern tiatr has come a long way from its initial Italian affair. Rafael Fernandes explores the origins and structure of the Konkani theatre.The modern Konkani tiatr has its roots in the traditional zagors (festivals) and khells (plays). From this nursery and garden of dramatic performances, there arose the interest to seek newer ways of presenting entertainment to Goan audiences. And so the modern tiatr came into existence in Bombay, on Easter Sunday, 17 April, 1892.According to an account by Pai Tiatrist (father of tiatr) Joao Agostinho Fernandes, this tiatr was a Konkani opera titled 'Italian Bhurgo' performed by five actors who enacted nine roles. The play was composed by Lucasinho Ribeiro after his experience of working for an Italian opera troupe which had toured Bombay, Poona, Madras, Shimla and Calcutta.The velvet costumes he procured from the opera company proved useful when combined with singing and music, as the audience was fascinated with the new form of entertainment, in stark contrast to the vulgarities that had crept into the zagors even in Bombay.Joao Agostinho was responsible for laying a firm and enduring foundation for tiatrs. He personally authored 30 plays, of which 26 were original dramas and four were translations from European theatre.As early as 1932, Joao Agostinho was considered the \"first famous Konkani dramatist and actor and founder of Konkani theatre, along with Lucasinho Ribeiro\". But at the celebrations of the Golden Jubilee of Tiatr, humility overpowered him in paying tribute to Lucasinho as the pioneer of tiatr. It is obvious that Joao Agostinho's support and enthusiasm was crucial for the development of modern tiatr in Bombay and Goa.While zagors and khells/khell tiatrs continued being performed in Goa, tiatr troupes from Bombay were prominent in touring Goa and abroad for several decades.Post-liberation, there has been a fillip to troupes from Goa. As a consequence of the effects of the Gulf boom coupled with decline in the Goan population in Greater Mumbai due to exodus to the suburbs, there is now a reversal in the movements of tiatrists. Goan troupes have taken their performances to the Middle East, London and Canada while diasporas in other parts of the world, such as the USA and Australia, have attempted to stage their own tiatrs.StructureThe earliest tiatrs, such as those of Joao Agostinho and his contemporaries, comprised of ank (acts) and dekave (scenes). During this era the structure was not rigid. The normal drama consisted of two acts with an interval between them. Joao Agostinho's 'The Belle of Cavel' has two acts with a total of eight scenes. But a tiatr could be extended to four acts with several scenes. For example his 'Kunbi Jakki' has four acts with 15 scenes, while Prem Kumar's 'Vavraddi' totals 17 scenes in four acts.As a general rule, most tiatrs consist of seven scenes or pordde (literally, curtains). This has become the norm over the last five decades, but flexibility still provides for a range from four to seven pordde or just two acts as in Anil Kumar's experimental 'Bhirant'.Music is an inalienable component of Goan culture and obviously of tiatrs. Incorporated within the structure of any tiatr is the inevitable inclusion of songs and sideshows/interludes between the scenes.Songs integral to the drama-those that narrate or continue the plot-have been a feature of many theatres, from the Greek to Shakespearean to American and Indian. These integral songs in the tiatrs are known as cant(s)/canto(s) (originating from the Portuguese verb cantar, to sing). The songs usually consist of one verse and a chorus, but some playwrights have made exceptions and have written longer cants.In the Konkani tiatrs songs that are unrelated to the play are featured at the front of the stage while the sets, scenery, costumes or make-up are being changed behind the main curtain. The number may vary from two, three or more songs and thus add up to a range of 14 to 21 or more.These were called klaun (solo), duet, trio, and quartet. In Bombay, the opening songs were compulsorily in Konkani as well as English. The tiatrs of yesteryears would contain several songs in English, but this is not the case in contemporary Goan tiatrs.The themes of the lyrics may vary widely-comic, sober, narration of events or anecdotes, criticism of ministers and government policies, social reformation etc. Sometimes audiences and critics have given more importance to the songs and comedy rather than the plot or theme of the play, and this has resulted in giving a wrong impression of tiatrs, just as people sometimes talk disparagingly about Hindi films because of the fantastic song sequences.Sideshows or comic interludes are also a common characteristic of tiatrs. As a matter of fact, comedians as actors or singers were, and still are, a major attraction in tiatrs.The writer is an associate professor in the department of English, Goa University. He has authored a book on tiatr: When the Curtains Rise... Understanding Goa's Vibrant Konkani TheatreKings &amp; queens of laughterAfter the singers who sing eloquent on political and social issues, it is comedians who are a big draw for tiatr lovers. It is believed that the comedians lined up in the credits of a tiatr dictate how successful, even 'house full', a show will be.During the tiatr seasons, a popular comedian earns Rs 1,500 per show. During the monsoon, sought-after comedians charge Rs 3,000 per show. The less popular of the lot earn between Rs 800 and Rs 1,000 per show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288211", "title": "Man wins Rs 10k payout for faulty cellphone", "text": "MUMBAI: A consumer forum held a dealer guilty of deficiency in service for selling a faulty cellphone. The dealer, Innovation Worldwide, will have to cough up Rs 10,000 for selling a phone, which did not even accept the user's SIM card or have the promised features.In 2011, Innovation Worldwide placed an advertisement about the phone and said that it was available at a discount. The company claimed that while the phone's original cost was Rs 12,990, it was being sold for Rs 4,449. After seeing the advertisement, Louis Coutinho decided the buy it.On December 30, 2011, a courier delivered the gadget for which the Andheri resident paid Rs 4,748. However, when Coutinho started using the gadget he realized that it did not have any of the features promised and it did not accept his SIM card. Coutinho alleged that the model was different from the one he had ordered. An aggrieved Coutinho claimed that the company was guilty of deficiency in service and filed a complaint in the Mumbai Suburban District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum on March 19.The forum sent a notice to the company. However, Innovation Worldwide did not respond to the notice and or represent itself in the forum. Hence, an ex-parte order was passed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16289947", "title": "Minister woos hotels with infra industry status", "text": "MARGAO: Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahai promised representatives of the hotel and restaurant sector that he would acquire for them the \"much-required infrastructure industry status\".Speaking at the inaugural of the Federation of Hotel and Restaurant Associations of India's 47th annual convention, Sahai said, \"I met finance minister P Chidambaram recently and raised the issue of giving infrastructure status to the hotel and restaurant industry.\"He told the 800 convention delegates, \"I have also been discussing this with the infrastructure committee and promise that the anomalies present in the current status of infrastructure to the industry will be removed.\"The three-day convention, under way at a starred hotel in South Goa, saw Sahai appeal to Goa-based hotel and restaurant owners to participate in an exercise to keep the state's beaches clean.He talked about starting a \"mission clean-up\" of all tourist destinations across India, and highlighting the importance of Goa as a tourist destination, said the state, in many ways, could be a role model for other states. Observing that Goa receives many long-stay tourists, Sahai wished that other states replicate this.Vivek Nair, chairman of the convention-organizing committee and vice-chairman and MD, Leela Group of Hotels, hoped Goa would see a convention centre for 2,000 delegates and a golf course. He said a proposal for the first is pending in Utorda, while for the latter is in Betul.Wishing for a quicker licencing process, he said this would help set up 50,000 rooms across the six coastal states, including Goa, to meet the federation's target of increasing the number of tourists visiting India to 1.2 billion from 0.6 billion.Reacting to Sahai's infrastructure industry status promise, federation president Kamlesh Barot said this would be a big relief as the list notified by the cabinet committee on infrastructure has included only three-star or higher-category hotels located outside cities with populations of over one million.Chief guest, Goa governor, Bharat Vir Wanchoo, said, \"Employment generation is a most critical part of our country's priorities. The growth of tourism will help generate more employment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16294272", "title": "Kranti Veera audio to be launched soon", "text": "The long wait of Darshan's fans to listen to the songs of 'Kranti Veera Sangolli Raayanna' will be over in a few days. The date for its audio release has now been announced. The audio will be released on 12th september. Though the chief guests of the audio function have not been announced yet, it is sure that 'Rebel 'star Ambareesh , 'Challenging' star's 'Kuchiku' friend Kiccha Sudeep will be part of the function.Anand Appugol has produced this 30 crores expensive historical venture which documents the life and times of India's greatest freedom fighter Raayanna from Sangolli who also introduced Guerilla warfare to fight against the oppressive rule of British imperialism.Veteran film director Naaganna has directed this film while Keshava Audithya has written the dialogues and script. Yasho Vardhan has composed the music for the film while Hari Krishna has provided the background music. Ramesh Babu is the cinematographer of the film.The film's special effects and graphics work is now in progress at Chennai, Bengaluru and Hyderabad. The film is expected to be released in the month of October, as efforts are now being made to get the first copy by the end of this month.The audio is being released for worldwide distribution by Ashwini Audio Company owned by Prasad.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16289925", "title": "Police gun for illegal massage parlours in state", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa police have directed all costal police stations to crackdown on all massage parlours and spas in the state which are operating \"illegally\". The meeting was attended by the police inspectors of coastal police stations and all major police stations.Speaking to mediapersons, North Goa SP Vijay Singh said, \"We have directed the PIs of coastal police stations and those of Panaji, Porvorim and Mapusa to take action against all illegal massage parlours for violating rules.\"He also said that the officers have been directed to check whether foreigners work at these parlours and if employed, then to check if they have valid employment visas. The police have also decided to continue their raid on massage parlours in a bid to stop all illegalities that take place under the pretext of running spas.Recently, the Panaji police arrested Elton Furtado, allegedly involved in running a prostitution racket and detained 10 Thai girls from two spas in Panaji and from Furtado's residence in Margao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16287858", "title": "Dasara staff hit by shortage of female elephants", "text": "MYSORE: Dasara authorities have a new challenge this year -- there aren't enough female elephants around during the flagship festival and four experienced ones are on maternity leave. They're needed to keep the male elephants under control.The problem is so acute that Chaitra has been enrolled for Dasara duty after a gap of 15 years, and Vijaya's 2-year-old calf is being weaned to allow her 55-year-old mother to be around. And 72-year-old Kanti is also being roped in.Two Dasara veterans -- Mary and Sarala -- have calves less than a year old and Varalakshmi's calf is two years old. Gange, who made her debut last year, also delivered soon after she went back to the woods. Mary and Sarala haven't missed Dasara for ten years. Foresters said calves cannot be brought to Mysore while their mothers are on Dasara duty.\"We're having a problem in getting experienced elephants to Dasara as four female elephants delivered some time ago,\" deputy conservator of forests (Mysore wildlife division) SN Devaraju told TOI.Foresters scouted for female elephants in camps at Bandipur, Nagarahole and BRT Tiger Reserve and at Madikeri division (Dubare). \"The problem is their age -- many are in the 15-20 years age group. The temperament of some is not good and those which meet the criteria delivered some time ago,\" sources explained.The state has about 100 elephants domesticated by the forest department, of which 30% are female. The officials also looked for female elephants from Sakrebailu near Shimoga. Traditionally, elephants from the Mysore region are empanelled for Dasara duty. Officials have restricted the number of Dasara jumbos to 12. Usually, 14 make the visit to Mysore.Chaitra, who has a 22-month-old calf in Bandipur, is now being readied. \"We'll start the separation next week,\" Dr DN Nagaraj, the vet attached to Bandipur Tiger Reserve, said. Dr Nagaraj, who has looked after Dasara jumbos for a decade, said the mother takes time to adjust because of intimacy with the calf. A team of vets scanned the elephants and certified their fitness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16292528", "title": "Oppn guns for Naveen Patnaik's head", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Congress on Thursday launched a scathing attack on the ruling BJD, both inside and outside the state Assembly, demanding the Naveen Patnaik-led government's ouster.At a public meeting aimed at a show of strength, senior Congress leaders took turns to lash out at Naveen and Co, accusing the latter of 'ineptitude' and 'corruption'. As thousands of party supporters converged at the Mahatma Gandhi Marg to attend the 'Assembly gherao convention' here, leaders of the main Opposition party in the state spewed venom on the 12-year-old Naveen regime and predicted that the time had come to 'overthrow' the government.\"People of Odisha had trusted Naveen Patnaik , who had promised to bring about a significant change in their fortunes. But after 12 years, Odisha has become the poorest state in the country,\" Odisha Pradesh Congress Committee president Niranjan Patnaik said. Accusing Naveen of being part of Coalgate, Niranjan maintained that the CM's version that he had written to the Centre favouring coal auction was not a fact and aimed at hoodwinking the public.Leader of Opposition Bhupinder Singh accused the BJD government of diverting rice meant for the BPL families. \"They are eating away rice meant for the poorest of the poor,\" he alleged, referring to the state government giving 25 kg rice a month to each BPL family as against 35 kg allotted by the Centre.Inside the Assembly, Opposition MLAs said the law and order situation had deteriorated across the state. Congress whip Prasad Harichandan said every day four murder and three rape cases were being registered in the state, but the rate of conviction in Odisha is the lowest in the country. \"Police was being used for political purposes. Phones of politicians are also being tapped,\" he alleged.CM Naveen Patnaik, however, rubbished the Congress charges, saying: \"The overall law and order situation in the state has remained by and large peaceful during 20132 so far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16290090", "title": "BJP bares its Samagra Ganga Abhiyaan", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Ganga is not only about reverence for Hindu devout, but is also the lifeline of the nation. And who could have blended the facts better than Shahnawaz Hussain, a known Muslim face and national spokesperson of the supposedly pro-Hindutva Bharatiya Janata Party .Though the BJP move to also field party leader Hussain as one of the champions of the Samagra Ganga Abhiyaan appears to be a well-planned political strategy, the former civil aviation minister, like his erstwhile Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha-days companion Uma Bharati, claimed that \"the drive is an apolitical campaign\". \"But we are ready to take support of anyone who is willing,\" Hussain said.Earlier, during her visit to the state capital to caste vote in the presidential election, the torch-bearer of the campaign and first-time MLA from Charkhari in UP, Bharati, had also claimed that it wasn't a political campaign.\"Not only the Ganga should be termed a national river, but it should also be declared a national heritage so that those who try to pollute the river can be punished under relevant IPC sections,\" Shahnawaz demanded.\"In fact, Bharati has also given Gangajal brought from Gangotri to President Pranab Mukherjee , Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar and all the members of Parliament to solicit their support for the campaign,\" Shahnawaz added.The BJP has extended full support to the campaign, the national spokesperson told mediapersons on Thursday.The Yatra, a part of the campaign, will begin under the leadership of former chief minister of Madhya Pradesh Bharati on September 21 from Ganga Sagar in West Bengal and culminate at Gangotri in Uttarakhand on October 28, he said.The Yatra will enter Uttar Pradesh on October 9 and will pass through various districts situated on the banks of the Ganga till October 22. The aim of the yatra is to make the initiative a \"people's campaign\" by making them aware about the seriousness of the issue, Shahnawaz told reporters.Former cabinet minister in Kalyan Singh-led BJP government in the state Shiv Pratap Shukla and senior BJP leader Vindyavasini Kumar have been appointed as the state in charge and coordinator of the campaign in the state respectively.Hitting out at the UPA-led government, the national spokesperson of the party said that it was because of the policies of the Centre that rivers like the Ganga were facing the danger of extinction.The yatra would be followed by an international-level seminar, he said. \"We are also planning to invite environmentalist R K Pachauri as one of the speakers for the seminar which will be a part of the campaign,\" Shahnawaz later told journalists in an informal chat.The seminar will be followed by formation of a human chain to make people aware about the importance of the Ganga. Human chains would be formed on December 2, Shahnawaz said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16290883", "title": "Tamil outfit protests against hotel employing Lankans", "text": "MADURAI: Even as the attack on Sri Lankan tourists in Thanjavur two days back came in for widespread condemnation, a group of cadres of Naam Tamilar Katchi staged a protest in front of a private hotel in Madurai on Thursday alleging that Sri Lankans were employed there in large numbers.The protestors also attempted to barge into the hotel but were arrested by the police. Meanwhile, the hotel authorities had clarified that only one Sri Lankan was employed by them and he was a Tamil and not a Sinhala. \"Neranjan Moraes, working in Heritage Madurai hotel as general manager is a Tamil from Sri Lanka. He is not a Sinhala. There is no other Sri Lankan working in our property,\" said Rukmini Thiagarajan, executive director of Heritage Madurai in a statement. But the protest left the hotel authorities perturbed.The cadres of the film director Seeman's Naam Tamilar Katchi assembled in front of the hotel in the morning and demanded the authorities to send away the Sri Lankan employees. They alleged that about a dozen Sinhalese were employed in the hotel and raised slogans against them. Attempts by hotel authorities to pacify the protestors failed and they sought the help of police who arrested the protestors.Apprehensive that the attacks and protests against the Sri Lankan visitors would harm relations with the island nation, the Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry (TNurged that image and hospitality of Tamil Nadu people should not be allowed to be tarnished by \"mindless harassment of foreign tourists.\"\"Bilateral trade between India and Sri Lanka is about five billion US dollars and export to Sri Lanka is eight times more than import. India is among the four big investors in Sri Lanka to the tune of USD 500 million, out of which Tamil Nadu holds a large share. Tamil Nadu has also emerged second priority destination for tourists from Lanka,\" said S Rethinavelu, senior president of TNCCI and N Jegatheesan, president in a joint statement.The trade bodies see the attacks as a grave threat to bilateral relations, particularly at a time when a direct flight from Madurai to Colombo is set to commence from September 20. \"TNCCI is taking a 50-member trade delegation on the first flight to Colombo to meet our counterparts to improve bilateral trade and investment. On no account, tourism and pilgrimage traffic between Tamil Nadu and Sri Lanka should be disturbed,\" the statement said.TNCCI has also urged Sri Lankan government to withdraw the travel advisory issued to Lankan citizens on visiting Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16290444", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations: Danapur gears up to worship Lord Ganesha", "text": "PATNA: Danapur, situated on the outskirts of the state capital, is all set to worship Lord Ganesha in a grand manner as 'Ganesh Chaturthi', Maharashtra's most famous festival, draws near. \"Though there are many places across Bihar where this festival is celebrated, it is only at Danapur that it is celebrated in a big way, with over one lakh people visiting the place and offering their prayers before Lord Ganesha during the 10-day celebration,\" said Om Prakash Yadav, one of the organizers in the suburban town.Yadav, who is general secretary of the Rising Club and Business Association, Danapur, said they are again busy making arrangements for the celebration of the festival with religious fervour and gaiety.\"We are celebrating this festival every year since 1990 and every year thousands of people come here to make 'mannat' (wish) before the Lord. A large many come to offer silver 'khadau' (footwear) and umbrella to Him after their 'mannat' is fulfilled. We believe that Lord Ganesha visits this pandal every year and all the 'mannats' of devotees are heard and fulfilled by him,\" said Parshuraam, secretary of the association.This year, on September 19, the idols of Lord Ganesha along with Siddhi-Riddhi, Lord Shiva, Lord Krishna, Lord Hanuman and Sai Baba would be placed in the pandal spread over 400 square feet. Haalu Ghosh, an idol maker from Krishnanagar, West Bengal, who is in this craft for the last 25 years, is busy making a lifelike clay idol of Lord Ganesha for the last two months.\"The size of Ganesh idol will be 10 feet while the remaining idols will be of seven feet each,\" said Ghosh, adding, \"We have bought the clothes of these idols from Patna while their jewellery would be made out of clay.\" All the decoration on the wooden throne, on which the idols of these deities would be placed, will be of clay. The contract for preparation of the wooden thrones for these idols has been given to a Danapur-based carpenter, Amit Kumar.On the first day of the Puja on September 19, priest Shambhu Jha along with four more priests, all clad in dhoti and shawl, would invoke life into the idol of Lord Ganesha amid the chanting of mantras. \"This ritual is called 'pranpratistha'. After this, the usual Ganesh vandana, aarti and puja will be done in morning and evening for the next 10 days. Though we do follow the procedure mentioned in 'Ganesha Purana', we don't follow the Maharashtrian rituals; we celebrate it in Bihar style. For 10 days, at the mandap, the celebration will kick off every day with the chanting of mantras and prayers offered by priests. On the last day, an 'aarti' will be held. It will continue till evening and conclude with a 'hawan', after which priests will shake the edge of the throne of Lord Ganesha symbolizing that now he can go and is no more present at that place,\" said Yadav.On the 11th day, the idol will be taken through the streets of Danapur in a procession consisting of thousands of people shouting \"Ganapati Bappa Morya, Purchya Varshi Laukariya\" (O father Ganesha, come again next year) and accompanied with dance and music. Finally, the idols would be immersed in the Ganga at Peepa pul ghat, symbolizing a ritual send-off to the Lord.During this 10-day-long festival, the committee will also organize a small fair having stalls of clothes, handicrafts, accessories and food items, and swings for the entertainment of visiting devotees. They will get laddoo, til, suji ka halwa and elaichi dana as 'prasad'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16290144", "title": "Sex-selective abortions stoke violence against women: Azad", "text": "New Delhi: Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad has warned fellow MPs that gender imbalance through sex-selective abortion can lead to increased violence against women , abduction, rape and trafficking.Chairing a meeting of the consultative committee of Parliament on Wednesday, Azad said that the potential hazards of this imbalance caused by female feticide would be an adverse child sex ratio that would \"severely impact the delicate equilibrium of nature and destroy our moral and social fabric\".According to Azad, 436 cases have been registered against violation of the Pre-Conception &amp; Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques Act in the last two years as against 789 cases between 1996 and 2010. Around 69 ultrasound machines have been sealed in the past one year.\"To strengthen the hands of authorities, Centre has notified important amendments in Rules under the Act including action against unregistered ultrasound clinics, regulation of portable equipment and enhancement of registration fees of diagnostic facilities. Inspections by the National Inspection and Monitoring Committee have been stepped up in Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh , Andhra Pradesh , Rajasthan, Odisha, Punjab and Bihar ,\" Azad told MPs.He added that capacity building trainings of judicial officers and public prosecutors have been conducted in judicial academies of Chandigarh, Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat and Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16288832", "title": "Aurangabad's paramedic institute loss is city's gain", "text": "NAGPUR: A prestigious central government institute allocated to Aurangabad that was about to shift to Gujarat will now come up at Nagpur. This is thanks to some quick work by Maharashtra Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER) and Government Medical College (GMC), Nagpur.Maharashtra was about to lose the prestigious Regional Institute for Paramedical Sciences (RIPS) which was allocated to GMC Aurangabad. However, GMC Aurangabad was unable to house it due to certain local problems and limitations. The central government then decided to shift it to Gujarat. RIPS, Nagpur, would be one of the nine being set up at a cost of Rs1156.43 crore.TOI had reported about institute coming up at Aurangabad on March 16. RIPS, Nagpur, would cater to Maharashtra, Gujarat and Goa. It would come up at a cost of Rs80-85 crore. Of this, 85% would come from the Central government while the remaining from state government. \"Aurangabad medical college refused to take up the project just a few days back prompting the central government to shift RIPS to Gujarat. DMER director Dr Pravin Shingare, who did not want to lose the institute, asked GMCH Nagpur if it was willing to take it. I agreed and within a day the DMER sent the consent to start it in Nagpur to which the Centre too agreed,\" GMCH dean Dr Rajaram Powar announced here.The institute will run 15 courses including graduation and under-graduation degrees in paramedical sciences. It will be set up on a six acres land in the existing tuberculosis ward across the road from GMCH campus. The union ministry of health and family welfare, which is funding the Institute, has asked GMCH to submit a proposal within a fortnight. College is working on it on a war footing through a seven member committee headed by the dean.The GMCH vice-dean and forensic medicine head Dr P G Dixit, Dr D Kumbhalkar (pathology), Dr M G Muddeshwar (biochemistry), Dr N D Deogade (microbiology), Dr S Meshram (forensic medicine), Dr Umanjali Damke (physiotherapy) and P D Dorve (chief administrative officer) have already prepared the outline.\"In fact, we would submit the proposal in three or four days. We are already running a bachelor's course (BPMT) in 12 paramedical specialities on no grant basis. This funding will be a real shot in the arm and we are proposing to add audiometry, speech therapy and respiratory diseases,\" said Dr Dixit. The total number of seats in the 12 courses at present is 110 which will be increased to 600 (40 in each course). Centre's team will visit GMCH after 15 days to check whether the proposal meets the norms laid down for the RIPS.The union government is setting up RIPS under a national programme with the aim of universalizing the skills and qualifications of paramedical staff in the country. Since there is no uniformity in skills and knowledge of technical staff in medical field, the plan is to develop skilled personnel under a well monitored programme and a standardized protocol.Centre is setting up a National Institute of Paramedical Sciences (NIPM) at Delhi with a branch at Chennai. The other centres will be based at Bhubaneswar, Lucknow, Coimbatore, Chandigarh, Hyderabad, Bhopal and Patna . RIP and Nursing Sciences has already started functioning in Aizawl in Mizoram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16289762", "title": "Dengue stalks Science College", "text": "KOLKATA: Two dengue deaths in three days have turned Rajabazar Science College into a fear zone. While Polly Maity, a research scholar and a hostel inmate, died on Sunday, teacher Bappaditya Majhi succumbed to the killer virus on Wednesday. Another teacher has been diagnosed with dengue while two other hostel inmates are down with fever for the past few days.Students living in the hostel, located behind the college, staged a roadblock on Thursday morning demanding that the premises be cleaned up, which they alleged, had not been done for months.The students pointed out that stagnant water on the hostel campus have turned into breeding ground for mosquitoes. A leaking tank on the roof of the hostel building has not been fixed despite complaints. \"Water has been collecting on the roof and this is squarely responsible for the spate of dengue cases at the hostel. We have already lost two lives and more would fall prey if steps are not taken immediately,\" said a teacher. He added that neither the hostel nor the college have a doctor to examine patients. \"Despite the deaths, none from the university has visited the campus to take stock of the situation and help clean up the place,\" the teacher said.The scare at the Rajabazar campus is palpable. Many of the thirty hostel inmates have left the building. Teachers and students are staying away from the laboratories, which too have stagnant pools of water.On Thursday, local councillor Sadhana Bose visited the campus following the blockade and led a clean-up operation, but students said that wasn't enough. \"There are garbage dumps and undergrowth all around the college and hostel buildings,\" a student pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289632", "title": "Govt introduces street vending bill in Lok Sabha", "text": "New Delhi: The government introduced a bill to protect the rights of street vendors and regulate road-side businesses in the Lok Sabha on Thursday. The bill, which was drafted with the backing of the Sonia Gandhi-led National Advisory Council, was tabled amid din over the coal blocks allocation controversy.The Street Vendors (Protection of Livelihood and Regulation of Street Vending) Bill was introduced in the lower House by housing and urban poverty alleviation minister Kumari Selja.The bill provides that anyone over the age of 14 can register with the 'Town Vending Committee' and run his or her business in designated zones once an identity card has been issued.The bill is intended to put into place formal regulations to manage hawking on pavements and reduce harassment of hawkers. Town authorities will be required to set up demarcated vending zones for hawkers in a manner similar to what several southeast Asian cities have done.The law, if passed by Parliament, will permit local authorities to relocate or remove street vendors at seven days notice, a provision that has not gone down well with civil society that was advocating the bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16292388", "title": "Tiger strays into forest area on city outskirts", "text": "BHOPAL: Another tiger has strayed into the forest area of Kaliyasot and Kothotia on the outskirts of the city, posing threat to human settlement around.\"We have sighted the striped animal and it appears to be more than 4-year-old,\" a forest department official said.The wild tiger seems to have formed territory between Kaliyasot - Kothotia area of Veerpur range in Sehore. The big cat has killed three cattle belonging to the people living around.Asked if this striped animal has forayed into the jungles on the outskirts of the city from the Ratapani Wildlife Sanctuary, the official said they were not sure about it.\"We are keeping a track of the striped animal's pugmark to avoid man-animal conflict,\" he said.A vigil is being kept in the jungles to ensure the tiger's safety, given it is frequenting Kothotia - the place where a full-grown big cat was electrocuted by poachers two months ago.The tiger had forayed into the jungles from Ratapani in neighbouring Raisen district, which has run short of space for the big cat. The tiger population had gone up to 16 in and around this sanctuary from 9 in 2006, according to the last census.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16287836", "title": "One House panel calls off junket", "text": "BANGALORE: The onset of winter and loss incurred due to cancellation of tickets are the concerns of legislators of a House committee whose foreign jaunt to Russia, Finland, Denmark and Dubai was deferred on Thursday.Following criticism, two legislature committees -- Petition Committee and House Committee - headed by deputy speaker Yogish Bhat postponed their 18-day foreign tour indefinitely. The committee on Thursday discussed the issue which drew flak from chief minister Jagadish Shettar, opposition leaders and the public.During the meeting, some senior members felt that going on the tour later could be difficult in sub-zero temperatures. Another concern was losses due to cancellation of tickets already booked.\"We had a lengthy discussion. The CM, Speaker and opposition leaders advised against going on a tour. All of us realize the situation. Hence, it was unanimously decided to postpone indefinitely the tour planned from Sept. 27,\" Bhat told TOI.From the two committees, 19 MLAs (10 BJP, 8 Cong and 1 JDS) and seven officers planned to tour Russia, Sweden, Denmark, Israel, Norway, Finland, Egypt and Dubai from Sept. 27 to Oct. 14.Another committee --- Papers Laid On The Table of Legislature Committee --- headed by Dr Maalaka Raddy may also postpone the tour of the US, Canada and Dubai planned from Sept. 27. The committee is meeting on Friday to take a decision.Members of the committee on public undertakings which left on a 15-day tour of South America and Dubai on August 30 haven't cut short the trip despite a diktat from Shettar to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16294796", "title": "Mark Inglis' blueprint for winning against odds", "text": "Ahead of his India trip, double amputee mountaineer Mark Inglis shares a blueprint for winning against oddsWhen Mark Inglis talks about courage under fire, he only has to narrate his experiences to instantly assume authority on the subject. Thirty years ago, 52-year-old Inglis, then a search and rescue mountaineer, found himself stuck in an ice cave atop New Zealand's Mount Cook. Surviving -20 degrees for 13 days left him with severe frostbite. Inglis lost both his legs.But the plucky Kiwi was far from done with mountains. In 2006, Inglis became the world's first double amputee to reach the summit of Mount Everest.Now a world-touring motivational speaker, Inglis is scheduled to visit India later this month to speak at First, People 2012 in Goa. Hosted by The Society for Human Resource Management , the conference of HR professionals from across India will see Inglis discuss leadership lessons they can learn through sport. Inglis picks four of his favourites:1. Preparation is make or break Preparation, Inglis says, is key, whether you intend to reach a summit or crack a challenging client. \"You need to be in good shape, and ready with all the information you may need \u2014 whether it's the weather or alternate routes. Here's a tip: before you jump into a tough endeavour, visualise the success in your mind, as clearly as you can. Also, imagine all that can go wrong, and how you will overcome the hurdles. Clarity proves crucial,\" he says in a telephonic chat.2. Imagine the worst For most competitive professionals, the worst can mean misplacing your laptop en route to a business presentation. For Inglis, it meant one of his prosthetic limbs cracking while he was half way up the summit. Duct tape came to the rescue, he remembers. \"I was frustrated, but what's important is to comprehend the problem and act. Most people make the mistake of sitting back, waiting for the problem to resolve.\"3. Taking a tough call On the Everest expedition, Inglis was accompanied by 40 others. The incident brings back bitter memories because he was at the centre of a controversy surrounding the death of British climber David Sharp. Inglis was targeted for not 'saving' the oxygen-deprived Sharp, just 300 metres below the summit. \"It was unfortunate we couldn't save David. His team had left him behind, and at 8,500 metres, it was too cold for us to stop, and too late to save him.\" The lesson here is that success comes more easily if you build an efficient team around you.4. Turn limitations into strengths In a situation where you are aware of your shortcomings, Inglis suggests you figure how to turn the odds into a strength. Ironically, his prosthetic legs helped him win a silver medal in cycling at the 2000 Paralympics in Sydney . \"They made me aerodynamic unlike the other competitors,\" he says. Inglis' talks are a hit with corporates because he borrows from his chilling mountaineering experiences to summarise leadership lessons that he dishes out in neat bullet points. Participants at Goa's conference can expect Inglis to hold up a picture of himself on the Everest expedition, asking them what they see. Don't make the mistake of saying: Double amputee braving Everest. \"I see a man whose legs won't be affected by frostbite ever again,\" he'll thunder.Anand.Holla@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16291639", "title": "ABVP\u2019s college bandh triggers attack in Sullia", "text": "MANGALORE: The alleged attack on a girl student at Bellare near Sullia, 90km from here, on Tuesday resulted in activists of the Campus Front of India (CFI) clashing with those of the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP). On Thursday, three ABVP-affiliated students of the Government PU College, Sullia, were allegedly assaulted by CFI students of the same college with cricket stumps. The injured have been admitted to a Sullia hospital , sources said. The tension goes back to the skirmish on Tuesday. CFI activists at Bellare tried to prevent the ABVP, the BJP's student wing, from enforcing its college bandh to demand the resignation of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh over the \"irregular\" allotment of coal blocks. This resulted in a war of words. ABVP activists assaulted Sabira Aneesha, 20, a BA student of Dr Shivaram Karanth College, after she allegedly slapped one of them for asking her to join the protest. She accused them of tearing her clothes and pulling her headscarf. When she returned home, her parents saw her bruises and admitted her to a hospital. The hospital sent the medico-legal case file to Puttur police, who transferred it to Bellare police. Karanth College principal Balakrishna Bhat called it \"a silly quarrel between students\" . On Wednesday, the ABVP filed a case against Sabira under the SC/ST Atrocity (Prevention) Act on learning that she had filed a case against its activists. On Thursday, the CFI held a protest condemning the attack on Sabira. Asif Baikadi, state committee member, said the ABVP has been sowing communal hatred in college campuses. The ABVP has demanded that the CFI be banned.BLOW BY BLOWSabira Nine ABVP members waylaid me, slapped and pushed me and tore my clothes. Principal B Balakrishna Bhat: It's an incident blown out of proportion. When an ABVP student asked them not to attend class, Sabira assaulted him. He retaliated. CFI: ABVP activists pulled at her headscarf, expressing disrespect for a woman. Social activist MG Hegde: ABVP and CFI are trying to polarize the educational sector along religious lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16294778", "title": "Maiden Kashmir visit makes Shah Rukh nostalgic", "text": "You'd think there's no place the King of Bollywood hasn't seen. But Shah Rukh Khan has been expressing his love for Kashmir on social networking sites on his first visit to the valley.The much publicised maiden trip to the valley for the superstar has been eventful with him reportedly gorging on Kashmiri delicacies and staying the the same room where the famous number Hum tum was shot for the 1973 hit romance film Bobby.The actor has been shooting Yash Chopra's untitled film in Kashmir with co-actors Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma . The film has been shot in several tourist spots of Kashmir and Shah Rukh has been evidently enjoying every bit of it. \"It was my father's life long dream to bring me here because his grandmother belonged to this place,\" said a nostalgic Shah Rukh as he addressed a media conference recently.Shah Rukh's K's father wanted him to take him to Kashmir", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293025", "title": "I had to tell the Chittagong story: Bedabrata Pain", "text": "B edabrata Pain is not a familiar name. Not unless you would have seen the deeply moving and unsettling film Amu about a girl  (played by Konkona Sen Sharma) orphaned in the anti-Sikh riots of 1984. Pain was the executive producer of the critically acclaimed venture that was directed by his wife Shonali Bose.Seven years and a personal tragedy later (two years ago his teenaged son Ishan succumbed to third degree burns when an electric shaver exploded on him), Pain, a former NASA scientist with 87 invention patents to his credit, is back in India with his directorial debut Chittagong. The few who watched Ashutosh Gowariker's Khelein Hum Jee Jaan Se would be familiar with the original story. But for some, it has a deeper resonance.Says the IIT-Kharagpur alumni about the Chittagong uprising of April 18, 1930, \"As kids in Bengal, we grew up listening to the incredible stories of these revolutionaries. It never occurred to me that it needs to be told.\" But he changed his mind after an interaction with a Delhi University history graduate, who had never heard of this immensely significant chapter in history.In 2007, Pain, who had through his student years from Calcutta to New York engaged in social, political and cultural activism, wanted to finally connect \"with something bigger\" than himself. \"I had dabbled in street plays, organised rallies, got artistes to perform for causes. Making this film was just another way of expressing myself.\"Pain's Chittagong, starring Manoj Bajpai as Master-da Surjya Sen, the schoolteacher who grooms a bunch of kids into daring the British, is not really a lesson in history, he says. \"It does not tell the story in an episodic way. Neither does it look at the event from Master-da's perspective.\" Rather, it looks at the momentous incident from the eyes of a 14-yearold meritorious boy, Subodh Roy, Jhunku in the film, who fights his inner battles before becoming a revolutionary. \"When I wrote the script, I had my son Ishan in mind. I kept asking myself, how would I respond if he told me that he wanted to join such a cause? And that is how the story evolved,\" he says.The film is also a personal tribute to someone he's had crush on as a young boy - Pritilata Waddedar, a young revolutionary groomed by Sen, who led the attack on an European club before committing suicide to evade capture. \"When I first read about her, I was overwhelmed. She is unlike any 21-yearold you would have met,\" he says.\"But my story is no Gangs of Wasseypur,\" points out Pain. \"There is a lot of innocence here. And celebration. Most films on freedom fighters end on a note of defeat, with our heroes either being hanged or massacred. Though Surjya Sen was hanged, there were many in the team who went on to play significant roles in the freedom movement later. My story celebrates them.\"Shot in parts of West Bengal that have a striking resemblance to Chittagong (now in Bangladesh) of the Raj era, the film took two years to finally find presenters in India (Sunil Bohra, Anurag Kashyap and NDTV). Written, directed and produced by Pain, music scored by Shankar Ehsaan Loy, he says he put in \"every cent of the royalty money\" he earned from his 87 invention patents into it.Away from India for over 26 years, Pain quotes Raj Kapoor to express his bond with his country, that runs deeper than 'NRI patriotism.' \"I feel disturbed with what happened in Bhopal, in Delhi during the anti-Sikh riots... in Gujarat. There is a burning desire to capture the anguish of the people in these conflicted times. Both Amu and Chittagong have been steps in that direction.\"After Chittagong, Pain is onto a couple of projects. One of them is a love story set against political turmoil in Assam, Central India and Kashmir. He is also looking at regional literary classics to adapt.But right now, it is all about Jhunku, the boy who dared the Brits and lived to tell the tale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16290489", "title": "\u2018Hope more RWAs will come forward\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Neighbourhood parks will bloom again! Seventy resident welfare associations (RWAs) have shown interest in the municipal corporation's offer to maintain green belts and neighbourhood parks in their sectors. Sector 34 house-owners' welfare association president Sadhu Singh said, \"It's a new concept. We have agreed to nurse two greenbelts and most of the neighbourhood parks.\" MC superintending engineer (B&R;) Mukesh Anand said, \"The response of RWAs has been encouraging. We hope more resident associations will come forward to embrace this initiative.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16291347", "title": "Premium destination woos market", "text": "One of the most premium destinations in New Gurgaon is Golf Course Extension Road, which has emerged as the main hub for the expansion and development of New Gurgaon. Team Time Property writesGURGAON: Gurgaon is registering the fastest growth in the real estate sector in the country. Developers are flocking to the region to launch new projects after prices here shot up by as much as 25% in the last one year.Recently, well-established realty players like Godrej Developer, Tata Realty from Mumbai and Sobha Developers from Bangalore launched their projects in Gurgaon. This has further infused competition into the sector in the region.A large number of white-collar jobs have been created in Gurgaon after it emerged as a hub for IT and IT-enabled services in northern India. Also, owing to its proximity to the national capital Delhi, several Fortune 500 firms opened their offices here, employing hundreds of high-income professionals. And with Delhi already overcrowded, these people tend to buy houses in Gurgaon itself.But, the availability of residential units is still not adequate. In fact, consultants feel that the gap between demand and supply is still widening. However, the well-developed sectors developed by DLF along the Golf Course Road are almost fully occupied. To enable the city to grow, the authority finalized the Gurgaon-Manesar Master Plan-2021 .Under the new Gurgaon-Manesar Master Plan-2021, the availability of land for development, along with fresh avenues for new growth corridors, has opened up. The major developing growth corridors in Gurgaon include the extended Golf Course Road, Sohna Road, Pataudi Road, Manesar, Jaipur Highway and a concentrated growth in Bhiwadi and Dharuhera, which are also known as New Gurgaon. The sectors of New Gurgaon, around NH-8, like Sectors 37, 37D, 80, 81, 82, 85, 86, 90, 92, 93, 95, and 99 are registering a tremendous response.As these sectors have a huge demand, prices are appreciating. Although still favoured by the budget homebuyers, these areas have also seen launches in the premium segment by top realty players like DLF, Unitech, Tata Housing, Godrej, Raheja Developers, Ramprastha, MGF EMAAR, BPTP, Ansal API, Central Park , Orris Infrastructure, Antriksh, and Sobha Developers among others. These premium segments have attracted high net worth buyers, and investors, looking for capital appreciation opportunities.One of the most premium destinations in New Gurgaon is Golf Course Extension Road, which has emerged as the main hub for the expansion and development of New Gurgaon. It connects Golf Course Road to Gurgaon-Sohna Road. The Golf Course Extension Road, which is relatively a new locality, is gaining prominence owing to its easy accessibility to NH-8 and South Delhi via the Gurgaon-Faridabad Expressway.New Gurgaon has become one of the top realty destinations owing to its world-class infrastructure and amenities, connectivity with neighbouring states and close proximity to the IGI airport, and, of course, Metro rail connectivity to Delhi.The forthcoming sectors in New Gurgaon are an ideal showcase of the development in the region; a great deal of construction is on as builders here have plenty to offer those who aspire to own a dream home.These sectors also attract special attention as they are connected to major industrial zones of Manesar, which house industrial units of big firms like Honda , Maruti, Minda, etc.New Gurgaon has today become a preferred destination for lifestyle living and commercial enterprise and is fast turning into a residential and commercial hub.Most of the development along the Golf Course Extension Road took place in the very recent past. The Golf Course Extension Road includes new sectors like 61, 62, 65, 66, 67, etc. The road is being developed in line with the concept of walk-to-work with a 200-metre commercial belt running parallel to it across three new sectors under development.The road is 90 metres wide with six lanes and the construction is nearly complete. Green belts are being developed in the middle and along the road flanks making it an eco-friendly project. Special attention has been given to security, health and education of the residents while preparing the layout plan of the new sectors.According to the new plan, Sectors 58-67 will be developed in the first phase. These sectors will have 60-metre-wide roads. All roads in the planned sectors will be interconnected, unlike the existing sector roads which end abruptly.With a view to avoiding encroachments beyond the connecting roads, Huda (Haryana Urban Development Authority) has decided to develop a 50-metre-wide green belt along the road and also earmarked a 200-metre-wide strip as an institutional belt.Developers and prompters are building golf-themed apartments and luxury villas set amidst green expanses, most of which have secured approval from GRIHA (Green Rating for Integrated Habitat Assessment).Realizing the market potential of this developing area, DLF Group has already launched several premium developments on the Golf Course Extension Road. The extension of Golf Course Road to connect to Sohna Road further opened up the area for development.Apart from DLF, other realty majors too have projects here like Ansal API's Esencia, M3M's Golf Estate, Pioneer Group's Pioneer Park, Central Park, Emaar MGF's Emerald Hills, Tata Housing's Raisina, and IREO's Grand Arch. Sectors like 55-56 along the Golf Course Extension Road already have a large number of cooperative group-housing societies, which has created a critical mass of population on this stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16289827", "title": "Central team to help combat dengue in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: While the state government continues to play down the dengue menace, the arrival of a team from the National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme (NVBDCP) in the city confirms the grim situation.The three-member team officials of the National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme (NVBDCP)visited dengue-affected areas in the city and met health department officials on Thursday. It has already taken into account all the positive cases, whether these were confirmed by MacElisa or rapid test methods.\"The guideline previously was to use the MacElisa method for confirming dengue. But now, we also recommend NS1 method for confirming the disease. It's true that not all rapid test kits available in the market give reliable result, but we are counting all reported cases in West Bengal as positive, irrespective of what method was used in confirming the case. According to our calculations, a we are counting thetotal of 2774 people, including 1675 in Kolkata, have been affected in the state including 1675 cases of Kolkata that were confirmed through NS1 and rapid test as dengue cases,\" said NVBDCP director AC Dhariwal.The team also held a series of meetings with state health department officials at Swasthya Bhawan. It will submit a report on its findings to its Delhi Headquarter.The state government might still be trying to play down the dengue menace. But camping by a team from NVBDCP in Kolkata says it all about the grim situation. A three member team from NVBDCP arrived in the city on Wednesday. The team is here to take stock of the situation and also to assist the state department officials in combating the outbreak.\"Three officers from NVBDCP - Omkarnath Chattopadhyay, Kalpana Barua and Pushpita Banerjee - are camping in Kolkata. The team has been sent to assist the state health department officials and the civic body to curb the contain the current dengue outbreak. We send a team whenever we get a call either from the state concerned, the union health ministry or from both,\" said NVBDCP director AC Dhariwal added. The team has Dr Omkarnath Chattopadhyay, Dr Kalpana Barua and Dr Pushpita Banerjee have already visited some dengue prone pockets in the city.In the coming days, the team will be visiting more such places in order to find out the situation first hand, identify mosquito breeding grounds, check out on the preventive measures taken up, suggest and assist in the combat exercises.\"We already had a round of meeting with the team from NVBDCP on Wednesday. Measures on containing the dengue situation and the laboratory facilities here were some of the issues discussed during the meeting,\" said Krishnangshu Ray, director, School of Tropical Medicine (STM).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16291046", "title": "Coffee can beat pain due to long hours at work", "text": "LONDON: Drinking a cup of coffee with breakfast can reduce pain triggered by spending hours at a computer at your workplace, a new study has claimed.Researchers from the University of Oslo found that coffee can lower office-related twinges and aches as caffeine is thought to stimulate receptors responsible for blocking pain, the Daily Mail reported.In the study, volunteers who undertook 90-minutes of intensive screen-based work without a break suffered fewer aches and pains in their neck, shoulders, arms and wrists if they downed a coffee before going to office.The team recruited 48 full-time office workers who were told they could drink coffee with their breakfast but to limit it to one cup.The recruits then underwent an hour-and-a-half of computer tasks, which involved correcting typographical errors on a document as fast and as accurately as possible, using only the computer mouse.They were not allowed to pause at any time and were assessed for their levels of pain throughout the experiment. Although both drinkers and non-drinkers experienced pain in their shoulders, neck, arms and wrists during the task, coffee consumers reported much lower levels of discomfort.\"The results revealed a significantly lower increase in pain development for the subjects who had consumed coffee approximately one and a half hours before the task, compared to those who abstained,\" experts said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16292843", "title": "Biz bodies for early end to Coalgate investigations", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Corporate houses in Jharkhand have asked the Union government to settle the matter of coal block allocation scam at the earliest in the larger interest of the state's investment climate. Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industry (JCCI), a leading industrial body of the state, has said it will write to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and meet Union coal minister Shreeprakash Jaiswal asking them to wrap up the probe and subsequent action in the coal block allocation scam at the earliest.According to the JCCI, the longer the matter stretches the greater it will affect the confidence of the investors. \"Our suggestion is that the government should cancel the licenses of the firms that are primarily trading in the coal after securing the allotment and honour the licenses of such companies that have started their operations in the respective states,\" said Suresh Sonthalia, a senior Jfunctionary.Criticizing the opposition for paralyzing the monsoon session of Parliament demanding cancellation of all the 142 coal blocks allocated to companies during the UPA regime, the JCCI functionary said the outcry was nothing but sheer public posturing.\"Are opposition parties unaware that state government's recommendations also have a statuary role in ensuring allotment of coal blocks to the companies? Why are they creating such a hue and cry on the issue?\" Sonthalia asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289449", "title": "Cancellation of nomination sparks protest at JNU", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chaos prevailed on Thursday evening over the status of an ABVP-backed candidate for the Jawaharlal Nehru University Students' Union elections. The candidate's nomination for the position of vice-president was cancelled by the election commission. This, along with the inordinate delay in declaring the final list of contestants, led to ABVP members blocking the exit for the commission members at the JNUSU office.Chanchal Kumar's candidature was nullified on the grounds that he hadn't resigned from the previous union before filing nomination papers for the new position. Kuman had been a councillor at the Computer Science School. \"The reason cited is a 'Clause 3' which is not in the Lyngdoh Committee guidelines but in the JNU constitution. Of that also there are two versions. You can apply only one,\" says Abhishek Srivastava, state executive member, ABVP. The student body demanded documents from the election commission showing the clause.The group also wonders what resignation means if the previous union is \"dissolved\". \"Else, they should've asked the members to resign before nomination papers were filed,\" says Rashmini Koparkar, ABVP's candidate for the post of president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16291559", "title": "Railway guidelines on e-ticket booking", "text": "CHENNAI: The Southern Railway on Thursday warned passengers against buying e-tickets from agents. The Central Railway Board has issued a set of \"Do's and Don'ts\" while buying e-tickets . It said the passengers should not buy e-tickets issued between 8am and 12noon from agents.Violation of this rule will attract serious charges, including cancellation of the ticket and penal action under the Railway Act. The railways has advised passengers to make sure of the authority of private agents before booking tickets with them.It has urged all passengers to verify the list of authorised agents on the IRCTC website. The railways insist that passengers correctly enter their cellphone numbers as confirmation messages are sent immediately after each booking or cancellation. Passengers are also advised to note the address and contact number of the principal agent in the ticket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16292408", "title": "When junk food becomes the only option", "text": "BHOPAL: Barely 55 kg when he joined an engineering college in the city, Sumit Sharma (name changed) gained 25 kg within a span of two years leaving his parents aghast. With no case of diabetes or obesity in the family, Sumit's parents suspected he had become alcoholic. After a few medical examinations, he was diagnosed with early signs of diabetes.Bhopal , undoubtedly a favourite destination for college-going students from across the state, has a section of people, especially students, who are left with no viable option but to gorge junk food from eateries within and outside the college campuses.Colleges do not have stricter guidelines on junk food like schools. \"Most of the students in colleges are not localites. They should be provided better alternatives than the regular junk food,\" said gastroenterologist Dr Sanjay Kumar .\"Once in college, many students do not carry tiffin boxes. They make a habit of eating junk food which in the long run can be a source of various health problems,\" said dietician Amita Singh.\"It's the trans fats that cause obesity. It can lead to low self-esteem and diabetes,\" said Singh adding that there are many students facing similar health problems.Unlimited access to junk food and carbonated drinks also contributes to hypertension. With an ever-increasing pace of change, stress of competition or peer pressure, hypertension is fast becoming a cause of concern.\"Many college-going students start smoking , eat junk food and lessen intake of fruits and vegetables. All these increase the chances of diseases like hypertension,\" she added.Nutrition facts - dump the junkPlain chips - Calories in a bag of potato chips (potato crisps) - approx 155 calories in one 28g bag. Some 6% or 149 mg of the calories is sodium content plus addictives. Need for sodium is only 1,000 mg per day.Poha - Calories in 100 gm (one serving) of plain poha - is 150 calories. In addition to proteins, vitamin A, calcium, iron, B complex and fibre - the sodium content is only 4 mg. All this is additive-free.Aaloo paratha - One medium size aaloo paratha will give 200 calories. In addition to proteins, vitamin A, calcium, iron, B Complex - the sodium content is only 8 mg. All this is additive-free.Cold coffee - With ice-cream cold coffee in big glass gives 280 calories. It takes care of 1/3 of the calcium requirement of a child as well as it is rich in vitamin A and protein.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289313", "title": "7 convicted of kidnapping girl", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has convicted seven people, including two women, of kidnapping a girl even as it absolved them of charges of forcing her into prostitution and acquitted one of their male accomplices of the charge of raping her. Additional sessions judge Madhu Jain relied upon the girl's deposition that she was not sexually exploited or forced into flesh trade.\"The girl herself has stated that she was neither sexually exploited nor any rape was committed by the accused persons upon her. She has only stated that the accused persons took her out without the consent of her parents, due to which her mother lodged a complaint,\" the court said, while acquitting Arshad Ali of the charges of rape and his accomplices of forcing the girl into prostitution. However, the accused were convicted of kidnapping on the girl's claim that she was taken out without her mother's consent. The accused Arshad Ali, Rekha Srivastava, Sunny, Rajiv Srivastava, Sonia hail from Delhi whereas Suresh Acharia and Gajender Gahlot are residents of Jodhpur in Rajasthan.The girl's mother had complained to Sangam Vihar police on prosecution case dated back to May 14, 2010, when the girl's mother registered a complaint with Sangam Vihar police station in South Delhi that her daughter has gone missing.The woman, however, came back to the police station with her missing daughter a few days later on June 30, 2010 and on the girl's statement, police registered a case of rape against Arshad and that of kidnapping and forcing her into prostitution against all seven.The police subsequently arrested all the accused and put them on trial. But with the girl, retracting her allegation of rape and prostitution, the court acquitted them of the two charges, while convicting them for kidnapping her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289486", "title": "Congress defending the indefensible: BJP", "text": "New Delhi: Opposition BJP on Thursday kept up its attack on the government on Coalgate, claiming that Congress was \"defending the indefensible\" and posed seven questions on the reported anomalies in coal block allocations, claiming each allotment had the \"stamp of approval\" of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.The continuing war was also evident from the fact that senior BJP leaders were not moved by the request of home minister and leader of the House Shusil Shinde to allow Parliament to pass the UAPA bill on the last day of the session.With the monsoon session ending on Friday, BJP plans to take the issue to the streets. \"Congress is neck-deep involved in Coalgate... They are defending the indefensible. They first deny the existence of any scam. Then they try to destroy the credibility of the constitutional agency which brings out their corruption and after failing in this, they resort to diversionary tactics,\" BJP spokesperson Prakash Javadekar said.In response to rural development minister Jairam Ramesh's questions to BJP, the opposition posed seven questions on the coal issue to corner the government.\"Is it not a fact that every allotment of coal block carried a stamp of approval of Manmohan Singh as the coal minister? He was the coal minister during most of the period of these arbitrary allotments. How then are hierarchical subordinates responsible and not the approving authority,\" Javadekar asked.\"Congress game plan was very clear from the beginning. Moot the idea of auction but don't move ahead with required speed. Delay the proposal and its enactment and implementation. Keep the sword of auction hanging so that the black gold rush will convert into net gain for Congress coffers. This is mala fide and crux of the scam,\" he said.\"BJP chief ministers had asked for the state getting their share of coal for power generation and a fair share of the proceeds of auction. Since when has Congress started respecting the opinions of BJP chief ministers,\" Javadekar said.Denying that party MP Ajay Sancheti, known to be close to BJP president Nitin Gadkari , was a beneficiary of the coal block allocation, Javdekar said he got the block through competitive bidding and the state held a majority share.When Shinde met NDA chairperson L K Advani and Leaders of Opposition in Parliament Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley to seek their support for passage of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Amendment Bill, 2011, he was told by Advani that the government should defer the move as it requires debate and members from across parties would like to speak on the issue in the House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16289839", "title": "Maharashtra man cheats 2,000 Goans of 35crore", "text": "PANAJI: Satyajeet Kulkarni, 37, of Pune, Maharashtra, got around 2,000 people to invest in his company promising them an interest of 15% per month. He was able to collect 35 crore from Goa before disappearing with the money collected.Elezabeth Rodrigues of Miramar, Panaji, Goa, complained that Satyajeet and his wife Vrushali, residents of Panaji convinced her to invest 5 lakh in their film production business assuring her of a return of 15% per month, which works out to 75,000 monthly till June 2014. Satyajeet handed over post-dated cheques to Rodrigues that turned out to be fake.On Thursday Satyajeet, absconding since July 2012 after a case was filed against him, was arrested in Jaipur.SP (north) Vijay Singh said a police team comprising PSI Anant Gaonkar and constables Irshad Watangi and Rama Sawal, were sent to Jaipur to trace Satyajeet. \"The team managed to locate and apprehend Satyajeet,\" Singh said, adding that Satyajeet continuously shifted locations. He was first traced to Uttar Pradesh and then to Jaipur and other parts of Rajasthan.Satyajeet has been arrested under Section 420 (cheat9ng) read with Section 34 of the IPC.Police had earlier arrested Vrushali on July 2012. A provisional chargesheet against her has been submitted to the judicial magistrate first class, Panaji, and she has been remanded to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289309", "title": "E-way chaos: NHAI to meet govt, operator", "text": "NEW DELHI: Complying with the Punjab and Haryana high court order to find a solution for decongestion of toll plazas on Gurgaon expressway, National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) is likely to hold a meeting with Haryana government and the expressway operator.A senior authority official said that the concessionaire has suggested some measures, including reduction in the total number of monthly trips so that regular commuters can avail discount and introduction of smart cards. \"Even the court has observed that the proposal of setting up additional toll booths to improve vehicle clearance through the km-24 toll plaza should be considered. We will look into all options to improve traffic flow,\" he said.Sources said that NHAI got a copy of the court order on Thursday, which says that the suspension of tolling for 15 days would be adjusted to the total concession period. This means the developer would get 15 more days to collect toll once the present contract period ends.While the order has given a handle to NHAI to pursue the concessionaire to agree to its earlier conditions, the developer is likely to raise the demand of expansion of the toll plaza including staggered toll gates and penalizing non-tag users for entering tag lanes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16287762", "title": "Not giving wife opportunity to prove her point in a divorce case will amount to cruelty, observed the Karnataka high court", "text": "BANGALORE: Not giving wife opportunity to prove her point in a divorce case will amount to cruelty, observed the Karnataka high court while cancelling the decree of divorce of a Bangalore-based man. It also observed that serious allegations made against the wife, if not proved, can also be construed as cruelty to the wife. The court made the observation while cancelling a decree of divorce granted to a Bangalore-based man.The husband had moved the family court seeking divorce from his wife of 20 years alleging that she was committing adultery. Wife argued that the husband was too suspicious and paranoid. The family court granted divorce without considering the wife's argument.A division bench of Justices K Bhaktavatsala and BS Indrakala set aside the divorce of Narendra, 56, and his wife Smitha, 48, (names changed).The couple got married in 1986 and have two teenage sons. Narendra alleged that Smitha was having an affair with two persons simultaneously. He also alleged that she had terminated her first pregnancy because she had an affair before their marriage. \"She had walked out of my house and started living with her grandparents. She came back to me after our families intervened, but again had an affair with a neighbour,\" alleged Narendra.Smitha moved the HC last year challenging the judgment of the family court. The family court had in 2010 upheld Narendra's case and granted divorce. Smitha, in her defence, told the court that Narendra was suffering from 'paranoid disorder'. She also sought permission from the family court to get Narendra examined at Nimhans. Her plea to examine her husband was rejected by the family court.Smitha had also submitted a certificate of a reputed psychiatrist, who said that Narendra was undergoing treatment for paranoid disorder for the past nine years.The appeal came for final hearing in the high court on August 27. The wife was not given an opportunity to prove that her husband was suffering from the disease called 'paranoid disorder' by subjecting him to medical examination at Nimhans. In our view, it would meet the ends of justice if the matter is remitted back to the family court with a direction to afford an opportunity to both the parties to adduce further evidence, in accordance with law,'' said the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16295070", "title": "Male child sexual abuse victims at heart risk", "text": "Men who experience childhood sexual abuse are three times more likely to have a heart attack as compared to those who were not sexually abused as children, to a new study has suggested .For the study, researchers from the University of Toronto examined gender-specific differences in a representative sample of 5095 men and 7768 women aged 18 and over, drawn from the Center for Disease Control's 2010 Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance Survey.A total of 57 men and 154 women reported being sexually abused by someone close to them before they turned 18 and 377 men and 285 women said that a doctor, nurse or other health professional had diagnosed them with a heart attack or myocardial infarction.The study was co-authored by four graduate students at the University of Toronto, Raluca Bejan, John Hunter , Tamara Grundland and Sarah Brennenstuhl.\"Men who reported they were sexually abused during childhood were particularly vulnerable to having a heart attack later in life,\" lead author Esme Fuller-Thomson said.\"We had expected that the abuse-heart attack link would be due to unhealthy behaviour in sexual abuse survivors , such as higher rates of alcohol use or smoking , or increased levels of general stress and poverty in adulthood when compared to non-abused males.\"However, we adjusted statistically for 15 potential risk factors for heart attack, including age, race, obesity , smoking, physical inactivity, diabetes mellitus, education level and household income, and still found a three-fold risk of heart attack,\" Fuller-Thomson added.The study has been published online in the journal Child Abuse and Neglect .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "khandwa", "code": "16292856", "title": "Jal Satyagraha: Protesting farmers stand neck-deep in water for 13 days", "text": "KHANDWA: It's the 13th day of the Jal Satyagraha at Khandwa and the 90 protesting farmers are not ready to call off what they call as their 'final struggle.'One of the farmers, 60-year-old Girjabai shivers as she stands neck-deep in water. Her wrinkly palms and feet are narrating the tale of her deteriorating health. The old woman from Kamankheda village in the district, gasps for breath as she voices the angst of her fellow protesters. \"The government better shoot us than giving us this watery grave,\" she says.Farmers from Ghogal Aawan, Bilawa, Bada Kailawa, Sukaya, Kamankheda and other villages are protesting the state government's move to increase water-level in dams in the region that is resulting in gradual submergence of their farm land. They claim that over 1,000 acres of land is already submerged and 60 villages are on the verge of submergence if water-level in Omkareshwar dam is increased further.\"The government does not want to see our woes. If the government officials do not visit the place, how will they understand our plight. Our very existence depends upon our farms. We live with our farms and we will die with our farms,\" says Girjabai. Five acres of her total nine-acre land is submerged in water.\"Despite the Supreme Court instructions, the state government is not paying heed and is trying to undermine our struggle. All that we are seeking is compensation as per laws,\" she said.Another protester in her sixties, Leelabai accused the government of raising the water-level despite knowing that they are standing neck-deep protesting in water. She said, \"I have three children and all of them are illiterate and depend on farming. Where will they go if our land is grabbed?\"Another protester, Sukhlabai is facing threat of submergence of every inch of her land. \"The government fooled us. For a land worth in lakhs of rupees, it offered us a paltry sum,\" she said.Meanwhile, Khandwa district collector Neeraj Dubey visited the protesters and promised to look into the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16290046", "title": "Go out and vote!", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Elections on Panjab University campus have come at a crucial moment in India's history - the country is ridden with multi-crore scams, inflation is killing the common man and there is a huge leadership crisis. And worst, democracy is at its lowest ebb.It is in these depressing times that a bunch of youngsters - many of them first time voters - who will take their first tottering steps to democracy on Friday as curtains go up on students' elections on the campus.This could be the worst of times. Yet, it could well be the best of times. The mantra? Exercise your democratic right. Come out and vote.For over a month now, the university has been on its feet with student leaders campaigning, bright orange and yellow flags fluttering and poll rhetoric flowing.But, Friday is the big day. Not just for the leaders, but every student on campus. For, it is their first step in building a new India, taking it out of the dark times we seem to be going through. Political scientists say university elections are the building blocks of a strong democracy and harbinger of hope. So the message is loud and clear - Go Out And Vote!Over the last five years, PU students' polls have averaged 65-68% turnout. Though impressive statistics for a general election or Assembly poll, the figure falls far short of expectation in a campus election. For, the polling booths are their own department blocks, the polling arena the very ground they spend hours on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288978", "title": "Man who gave Abu Jundal Gulf work visa squealed on him", "text": "MUMBAI: Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) operative Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal had to borrow money for going to Gulf from his Pakistani handler to recruit young men in the outfit. Moreover, he was also given the task to raise funds in the Gulf and send it to India for LeT's ongoing operations, Jundal reportedly told police.Jundal, who is currently in the state anti-terrorism squad's (ATS) custody, told police that he found it difficult to get a visa for Saudi Arabia. He further said that he contacted one Akram Salfi, through LeT commander Muzammil, and asked him to arrange for visa. Salfi demanded 16,000 riyals (Rs 2.08 lakh). \"To get the work visa, I had to borrow money from Muzammil though I was going to Gulf for the outfit's work. Later, I got a visa in the name of Riyasat Ali,\" Jundal told police. Jundal is facing several bomb blast cases in India and was deported from Saudi Arabia on June 20. He is also one of the handlers of the ten terrorists who were involved in the 26/11 attacks.In April, Jundal reached Saudi Arabia and began working as an electrician where he would get morning meal, lunch and 60 riyals per day. Jundal was staying there with a plumber Shakeel (originally from Gujrawalan, Pakitan) and Malik Irfanat Shahna Imam Ali near Saudi Post, Qateef. During that time, Salfi, a resident of Harunabad in Pakistan, also reached Saudi. A few weeks later, Jundal came to know that Salfi had been arrested by the Gulf police and hence he switched off his mobile phone. \"I did not use my phone since my number was stored in Salfi Saheb's phone. I didn't want any trouble there,\" Jundal reportedly told police.On June 20, Ahmad Malik Ahmad alias Qafeel, who had given a work visa to Jundal, reached his house and took him to a police station without telling him anything. \"Thereafter, I was arrested,\" said Jundal. Sources said that Qafeel had in fact arranged visa for Jundal. Sources said that was Qafeel helped the Saudi intelligence agency, Al-Mabahith Al-Aammah, nab Jundal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16287867", "title": "Passport Seva Kendras launch walk-in appointments", "text": "BANGALORE: The Passport Seva Kendras in Bangalore, Hubli and Mangalore have started 'walk-in' appointments from September 10, from 9.30am to 11am, announced KJ Srinivasa, regional passport officer, Bangalore.Central or state government servants, their spouses and dependant minors who have a No Objection Certificate or identity certificates can apply in this 'walk-in'. Applicants who need a change of emigration check status - from 'emigration check required' to 'emigration check not required' - should carry relevant documents.Applicants, whose applications have been rejected due to lack of necessary documents, will be given an opportunity to resubmit their documents at PSKs on the 'walk-in' basis.However, the last category of applicants have to get an endorsement from respective heads of PSKs before leaving the seva kendras to avail this facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16289877", "title": "Afzal Khan's bail plea rejected", "text": "MARGAO: Principal district sessions judge, South Goa, Nutan Sardesai, on Thursday, rejected the bail application moved by terror suspect Afzal Khan, who was arrested by the Verna police last month on suspicion of having terror links.Strongly opposing the bail application during the hearing held on Tuesday, public prosecutor Sarojini Sardinha had pointed out that the accused was found in possession of five cellphone SIM cards of five different companies and that the police have also confiscated Khan's credit and debit cards.She had also pointed out to the court that police investigations had revealed that Khan established contact with one person in Calangute on August 20 and introduced himself as one Samir Rathod from Rajasthan. The accused also used to assume different names while dealing with different persons, the prosecution had pointed out to the court. Sardinha stated that the accused was concealing vital information and a thorough probe was required to ascertain his links with any other terror outfits, including his role in the August 1 Pune serial blasts. Sardinha had insisted that some more days of custodial interrogation was necessary for the police.The accused's advocate, Agnelo Costa, had argued that Khan was already in police custody for over 21 days and therefore should be granted bail.Khan, a native of Uttar Pradesh, was arrested on August 24, after it was revealed that he was trying to convince some locals \"to take drastic steps\" with the intention of promoting enmity between two communities. He has been charged with IPC Sections 153 (wantonly giving provocation with intent to cause riot) and 153A (promoting enmity between different groups), and 13 (1) of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1967.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16290979", "title": "Qualification of a perfect partner? 10 lovers in the past", "text": "LONDON: How many lovers is too many? According to a new study, 10 really is the perfect number of partners one should have had in the past. However, people who had fewer than 10 lovers were considered inexperienced in the latest survey by a dating website.The researchers found that both men and women were put off by potential new partners who had more than 10 lovers, as they were seen as promiscuous, the 'Daily Mail' reported . Both men and women said that 10 lovers was the right 'Goldilocks' answer.In the survey, the dating site asked 1,000 of its male and female members to list how many lovers they wanted their partners had in the past. Around half of women, and 46% of men said 10 was the perfect figure, whereas 36% of women and 42% of men said they'd prefer a date with a less experienced person. As many as 11% of women and 10% of men said between 10 and 30 was the perfect figure, with just 3% of people wanting a partner who had more than 30 lovers in the past. Those polled were also asked if they wanted to know how many lovers a new partner had in their past. Just 35% of women wanted to know a man's total - against 65% who would rather not find out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16290324", "title": "Campaigning now begins in cyber world", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With campaigning coming to an end officially on Thursday on Punjab University campus, the cyber campaigning has caught pace as besides text messages, social networking sites too have come handy. Inboxes of PU students' cellphones remained full as since early Thursday morning party supporters took the cyber route to reach out to the voters.Members of various parties kept posting panel codes of their candidates and messages like \"Please vote and support\", \"Being strong doesn't always mean you have to fight the battle. True strength is being adult enough to walk away from nonsense with your head held high - Vote, Support, Elect\" and \"Kindly Vote\" on the social networking pages of the voters.Some of the ex-PU students and former party members also motivated their party members. Rahul Dutt, former PU student, who resides in British Columbia posted a video of 2010 PU elections on the party's Facebook page accompanied by a message saying \"we need to revive the win again this time.\"Even those who do not belong to Punjab University have been encouraging their friends and on social networking sites through songs, slogans, photographs to cast their vote. Some parties have specially composed songs for promotion, which are being shared on the Facebook and youtube. Not just the party supporters and friends, even family members too encouraged their daughters and sons, in fray in PU elections, through messages.Even before the actual voting, polls have already begun on social networking site. The Facebook page of Punjab University had put a question \"Exit poll PUCSC elections 2012 whose going to win PUCSC elections this time?\" followed by names of different parties where people could cast their votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16287791", "title": "Saina Nehwal 'gifts' Girisha Rs 2 lakh from own earnings", "text": "HYDERABAD: Saina Nehwal has shown Indian's rich and famous sportsmen the way. In a gesture unprecedented in the country, the ace badminton player has decided to reward HN Girisha, who won a silver medal in high jump at the London Paralympic Games, with Rs 2 lakh from her own earnings.Saina, who became the first Indian shuttler to win a medal at the Olympics, told TOI on Thursday that she was very impressed by the performance from Girisha, who cleared 1.74 metres.\"I am very happy for him. He did a great job for the country. I hope this small reward will help him in some way. As a fellow athlete I know the hardship a sportsperson endures while competing on the biggest stage,\" she said.The amount will be handed over to Girisha on his arrival home.Girisha is the son of a daily wage labourer who could not afford surgery on his son's impaired left leg due to a huge loan burden. However, the 24-year-old from Hassan, Karnataka, who learnt high-jump techniques from his village peers, has gone on to make his father and the country proud.\"Now that India has a medal at the Paralympics, the government and officials should support para athletes. Able-bodied Olympians performed at the same venue,\" Girisha said after his inspiring show.Help for Girisha has come from the Union sports ministry and some other government quarters but to Girisha, Saina's gesture would probably mean the most.Meanwhile, the knee injury that has troubled Saina since the London Games has forced her to opt out of the China Open (Sept 11 to 16) and the Japan Open (Sept 18-23) tournaments.\"Though the knee is fine we decided not to risk it. I should be fine in a couple of weeks,\" said Saina.Her target now is to be fully fit for the Denmark Open Super Series Premier to be held in Odense from October 16 to 21.Saina's physio Kiran said that she would return to full fitness by September end. \"As of now she is able to train at 70% of her capacity,\" Kiran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16289691", "title": "4 found with throats slit at Behala home", "text": "KOLKATA: Four persons were found murdered at a two-storey building near Behala Chowrasta on Thursday evening. The throats of all four \u2014 an elderly woman, her son and their two maids \u2014 were slit with sharp weapons. The murder is suspected to have occurred anytime between 7.30 and 9.30 pm when there was a power cut in the area. The bodies of Gouri Bhattacharjee (78) and her son Dipak (52) were found on the first floor of their Biren Roy Road (west) house. One of the two maids was found in a ground floor passage leading to the kitchen and the other in the ground floor toilet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16294070", "title": "BPO sector: Government failed to see the value generated", "text": "NEW DELHI: With a view to rebrand the BPO or business process outsourcing sector the Nasscom executive committee met here to discuss issues around branding communication, strategies for media advertisements, outdoor and online campaigns, the target audience and budgetary requirements.The image maker will have the responsibility of reaching out to the entire eco-system of the industry with the new message.Speaking at the Nasscom BPO Strategy Summit here, Phil Fersht, founder &amp; CEO of HfS Research, said that some 67% of the 800 clients surveyed in the US wanted the \"O\"'(outsourcing) word to go. \"The US elections and the negative connotations around \"outsourcing\" could be the reason behind this exasperated need,\" he said.Vikram Talwar, chair of the Nasscom BPO Forum, said a lot of branding was necessary to undo the myths in the minds of customers in Western markets, in the minds of parents of young professionals in the industry and also in the mind of the man on the street. \"It is also critical to educate the academia and all other stakeholders. What it requires is a comprehensive global branding and image correction exercise,\" he said.Talwar said the industry itself may have to be blamed for sending wrong messages. \"The Indian government has also failed to see the value the sector has generated. We need to change the body language of politicians and policy makers,\" he said.He noted that EXL Services recently opened a new delivery centre in Manila , which was inaugurated by the Philippines president. \"Such high-level political support to a business venture is a big recognition and branding. Such things are impossible in India,\" he said.Talwar also emphasized the need for companies in the sector to regularly invite the families of their employees to their campuses to make them understand the nature and importance of the business.\"Currently it's a very sporadic exercise. Greater family involvement will improve branding,\" added Talwar. Nasscom feels that parents still carry the impression of the sector being primarily a low-end call centre business, and therefore discourage their children from being part of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16290574", "title": "Party held in KP sans permission?", "text": "PUNE: Organizers of a party in Koregaon Park on Wednesday have come under the scanner of the district administration's entertainment tax branch. Resident deputy district collector Anil Pawar said, \"Officials conducted a check on Wednesday and found that the party was organized at a hotel in Koregaon Park without securing the no objection certificate ( NOC) of the entertainment branch, which is manadatory. A notice will be served to the organizers and a fine will be imposed on them under the Bombay Entertainment Duty Act of 1923.\" Pawar said inspection drives will continue in the city and outskirts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16290596", "title": "Kochi gears up for Manmohan Singh's visit", "text": "KOCHI: The city is all set to welcome Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who is coming to the state on a three-day visit for the 'Emerging Kerala 2012' summit. District collector P I Sheik Pareeth said arrangements for the visit were fast progressing.On Thursday, he held a meeting with top officials of various departments and agencies \u2014 police, PWD, corporation, KSEB, National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) and Cochin Port Trust \u2014 to discuss the measures each of them has to take in connection with the PM's visit.The collector has instructed the heads of agencies concerned to complete the repair works of various city roads, the guest house and the Fine Arts Hall by Saturday. Sign boards will be installed at all major junctions. KSEB officials have been asked to repair streetlights immediately. PWD officials said they had started clearing the bushes on medians of various roads. As part of the summit, all parts of the city will be illuminated.The meeting held at the collector's chamber was attended by additional district magistrate B Ramachandran, deputy police commissioner T Gopalakrishna Pillai and superintendent of police Muraleedharan Nair, as well as heads of various departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16288353", "title": "UPA minister's kin linked to coal block allocation deal", "text": "CHENNAI: The DMK has once again landed the UPA government in a spot as the focus now shifts to the family of Union minister of state for information and broadcasting S Jagathrakshakan for their involvement in a company that was awarded a coal block in 2007 despite the fact that it had no track record in the sector.The Jagathrakshakan-owned J R Power Gen Pvt Ltd was barely a five-day-old company when it signed an MoU with the state-owned Puducherry Industrial Promotion Development and Investment Corporation (PIPDIC) to stake claim for a captive coal block.Coincidentally, this round of allotments were made to PSUs which had to specify end use for the coal. While J R Power had no interests in any core sector at this stage, PIPDIC is a state agency for facilitating investments in the region. Neither could have directly utilized the coal block.According to documents available with TOI, J R Power, a company in which Jagathrakshakan and his family members were directors, entered into the MoU with PIPDIC on January 17, 2007 to share coal. On July 25, 2007, PIPDIC and Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation (GMDC) were allocated a coal block in Naini in Orissa. As per the MoU, J R Power also enjoyed a stake for end use of this allotment.However, months after the allocation of the coal block, J R Power, which had no expertise in thermal power, iron and steel, or cement, the key sectors for consumption of coal, sold 51% of its stake to a Hyderabad-based company, K S K Energy Ventures Ltd, an established player with interests in the energy sector. The rights for the use of the coal block thus passed to K S K.Admitting to getting a coal block, Jagathrakshakan told TOI, \"It is true that we got a coal allocation but it was a sub-contract with Puducherry government and then we gave it away to KSK company. Now, we have got nothing to do with the allocation but if the government wants to take back the allocation it can do so.\"However, questions are now being raised as to how J R Power Gen managed to enter into an MoU with a state agency with rights to a coal block although it had no expertise in allied sectors. Jagathrakshakan was not a minister or MP in the DMK when the deal was struck. Later, he resigned as director of the company on April 4, 2009, to contest in the Lok Sabha elections, but his family members remain on the board of the company. \"The coal block was allocated to PIPDIC without any end use. The company did not specify any power, iron or cement industry project when it got the coal block. Subsequently, it entered into an agreement with another company again without any experience in power projects. Thus the coal, a precious source, has been allocated without application of mind to PIPDIC allegedly under some influence,\" said M R Venkatesh, a chartered accountant and activist.The DMK sought to distance itself from the controversy saying Jagathrakshakan was not a member of the party at that point. Spokesperson T K S Elangovan said, \"Jagathrakshakan was not a minister or an MP during that period and as a businessman he had the liberty to enter into an agreement purely on business terms.\" There is no allegation of misuse of the coal allocation, he said. Sources in the industry say J R Power now plans to offload its remaining stake of 49%. The fact that it still has a stake in the coal block is expected to enhance its value. Meanwhile, PIPDIC is under fire from the coal ministry, which had issued a notice to the corporation in May 2012, asking why its allocation should not be cancelled for not mining the coal.Incidentally, Jagathrakshakan, DMK's richest MP by value of assets disclosed, was caught in a controversy when a medical college in Tamil Nadu owned by his family sold seats for a consideration. The officials of the college were caught on camera and a CBI enquiry is currently on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16294413", "title": "Admission to medical colleges under NGOI category by test: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has directed the Union and the Delhi governments to ensure that from the next academic year, an MBBS aspirant seeking admission in a medical college on a Nominees of Government of India (NGOI) category seat takes the all-India entrance test to secure it.A candidate under the NGOI category is one who belongs to a state or Union territory where there are no adequate medical colleges. They also include the children of the Defence or the paramilitary force personnel, who have sacrificed their lives or have been permanently disabled in wars or terrorist attacks.A bench of justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar also held that no student under the NGOI category, who has failed the Delhi University Medical Entrance Test (DUMET), would be granted admission to a medical college here.\"We direct that from the academic year 2013-2014 onwards, the candidate applying for the seats reserved for NGOI have to obtain the minimum prescribed mark in the All India National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test for admission to the MBBS course as provided in the amended MCI Regulations and the admissions will be made on merit...\"\"We direct that with effect from academic year 2012-2013, no admission will be made to any of the seats reserved for NGOI in Lady Hardinge Medical College (LHMC), Maulana Azad Medical College (MAMC) and University College of Medical Sciences (UCMS) of any student who has failed in the Delhi University Medical Entrance Test (DUMET),\" the bench said.The apex court's directions came on appeals filed by two MBBS aspirants against the Delhi High Court's verdict, which had dismissed their plea challenging the NGOI category and the practice of exempting students under this category from taking the DUMET.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289898", "title": "Immunization drive identifies 4 lakh high-risk sites", "text": "New Delhi: India's largest ever search to identify its \"invisible children\" who haven't been immunized under the Routine Immunization (RI) programme has for the first time documented a mammoth 400,000 high-risk sites across the country.This includes around 83,000 high-risk sites in Maharashtra, UP (59,000), Bihar (1.1 lakh), Gujarat (23,000), Punjab (20,000), Andhra Pradesh (14,782), West Bengal (14,684), Karnataka (10, 356), Tamil Nadu (4,500) and Delhi (nearly 5,000).In a letter to the states recently, the Union health ministry, which is celebrating 2012 as the \"year of immunization\", has sent the detailed list with exact address of these sites under five different categories - slums, nomads, brick kilns, construction sites and other migratory sites.The letter asks the states to start identifying \"low-coverage pockets and reaching these vulnerable unreached children on a priority basis.\"It says these sites are at the risk of not only polio but also the other vaccine preventable diseases. Now, India vaccinates only 61% of under two-year children.India has the world's largest RI programme, targeting 2.6 crore children born every year. About 90 lakh vaccination sessions are held every year, where more than 25 crore vaccine doses of seven antigens like diphtheria, pertussis, tetanus, measles, BCG, Hepatitis B and polio are administered.\"Most of these children are missed during RI rounds because they are always on the move and are located where teams usually don't go. The identification of these 4.1 lakh sites will help vaccinators to reach these invisible children,\" said Dr Ravindra Banpel from the National Polio Surveillance Project.In a letter to the mission director of India's flagship National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) and state immunization officers, joint secretary in the health ministry Dr Rakesh Kumar wrote, \"These high risk pockets were identified by states during the preparation of the emergency preparedness and response plan for polio eradication programme. It is essential that RI services are ensured in these areas.\"He added, \"I am enclosing the list of steps, high-risk areas identified and the format that the blocks districts and state officials should utilize to ensure that all identified high-risk pockets are included in the RO micro plan.\"Around 18.3 lakh children, who are under five years, die annually that includes 13.2 lakh children who die before reaching the age of one year.The vaccination programme is carried out both in health facilities and door-to-door outreach sessions in every village. Booster doses are also given at the age of one and a half years and five years. Besides, supplementary immunization activities are carried out periodically.The ministry called vaccination one of the most cost-effective public health interventions to protect children against mortality, morbidity and disability across the world.According to the district-level household survey III ( DLHS 3), only 54% children are being reached with all the six vaccines - a number that has increased by 10% since DLHS II was conducted. Unicef pegs India's RI coverage at 65%. On the other hand, the National Family Health Survey-III puts it at 47%.\"The key objective of this campaign is to improve full immunization coverage and reach all children, particularly in remote, inaccessible and backward areas as well as in urban slums. The strategies that are being deployed include updating of micro plans to cover all villages and hamlets in the country, special immunization drives in pockets of low immunization coverage, intensification of immunization activity by observing immunization weeks in low performing states, prioritization of areas with exclusive strategy for 200 districts poor performing districts in the country and special focus on migrant and mobile populations,\" health ministry officials said.The government has also expanded the Universal Immunization Progranme (UIP) by introducing the second dose of measles, Hepatitis B and Pentavalent vaccination.India has introduced second dose of measles vaccine in UIP. The target is to vaccinate more than 12 crore children through Supplementary Immunization Activity (SIA) in 14 states of which 3.4 crore have already been vaccinated. The drive will prevent an estimated 1 lakh measles related death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16290698", "title": "Govt aims to better farmers' condition: K Krishnan Kutty", "text": "KANNUR: The government policy is to retain farmers in the field of agriculture by offering them an environment conducive to farming, said K Krishnan Kutty, chairman of the government-appointed committee constituted to formulate the state's agricultural policy.\"The new policy aims to change the condition of the farmers who are sometimes forced to commit suicide,\" he said. He was making the introductory speech on the policy at the district-level meeting of the committee held to elicit suggestions from people's representatives at the district panchayat hall here on Thursday.Former MLA and district secretary of Karshaka Sangham M Prakashan said the recommendations of the Swaminathan Commission should be taken into account while formulating the policy.\"If the Abkari Act is amended to give licence to produce 'neera' (sweet toddy), that would benefit coconut farmers. Similarly, licence could be given to produce feni, which is prepared by fermenting cashew fruit,\" he said. He also suggested setting up cashew-processing facilities in Kannur and Kasaragod districts.Kisan Sabha representative A Balakrishnan said efforts should be made to prevent farmlands from being used for other purposes.It was also suggested that interest-free loans be given to help paddy cultivation.Committee members R Hali, P V Balachandran, P Rajasekharan (Planning Commission), A K Madhava Chandran and senior officials of the agriculture and animal husbandry departments also participated in the meeting. District panchayat president K A Sarala welcomed the gathering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16289825", "title": "Tiracol villagers stop golf course from teeing off", "text": "PANAJI: Tiracol villagers came out of their homes on Wednesday night to stop work on a golf course. They alleged that 40 to 50 cashew trees had been felled by the developer, that he trespassed into a property and also cut part of a hill. The golf course, plans for which spread over 342 acres, will cover almost the entire village.Villagers allege that the developer started construction of the access road in the property on Wednesday by leveling the land. They objected to this and under the banner of St Anthony Tenant Mundkar Association (SATMA) gathered late at night at the site and in the presence of police forced stoppage of the work.\"During the night, the builder encroached in property under survey number 6/1 and indiscriminately destroyed cashew plantations,\" SATMA member Agnelo Godinho said. \"We all depend on the hill for our survival. We never thought our village would face such a tragedy. The government should investigate this and save us,\" he said.\"About 75% of Tiracol's population depends on the cashew plantation. We don't want any development, we want our nature to be retained,\" villager Michael Rodrigues said. \"Today they have cleared cashew trees in one area. Tomorrow they will clear the rest. The government should stop this immediately,\" he added.Keri sarpanch Francis Rodrigues said that violating all rules, the developer is trying to vacate tenants and grab their lands. \"We do not mind eco-tourism projects, but a golf course is definitely not acceptable,\" Rodrigues, who is also SATMA president, said. \"Hill cutting and large scale felling of trees undertaken is illegal. The panchayat has presently stopped the work,\" Rodrigues added.Acting on the complaint filed by SATMA, Keri panchayat sent a notice to the developers ordering them to stop work.The proposal to set up a PGA-standard gold course in Tiracol had been approved by the previous government. The developer has prepared detailed project and feasibility reports, which have been forwarded to the Union ministry of tourism for examination, under the large revenue generation scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16289012", "title": "Clarify steps for victims\u2019 payments, hospital tells railways", "text": "MUMBAI: A private hospital at Vasai has asked the Western Railways to be clearer about the extent of treatment that will be monetarily covered by them in cases of railway accident victims. The Golden Park Hospital at Vasai has been in the news after a victim, Kinjal Makani, complained of having had to shell out money for emergency treatment last month.\"Victims are brought to us with crush injuries in most cases. It is necessary for the hospital staff to use gloves while handling them. But the railways objects to using examination gloves, bandages and carrying out blood tests for HIV and HCV in patients with multiple injuries. Unofficially, doctors with the WR tell us to collect payment from patients. We have recorded one such phone conversation with a WR doctor,\" said Malcolm Pestonji, proprietor of the Golden Park Hospital.Refuting the allegations, WR's chief public relations officer Sharat Chandrayan said, \"We are spending public money on the treatment and it has to be used judiciously. We have agreed to pay all costs incurred by private hospitals on emergency treatment till a patient is stabilized. The hospital has been billing us for these charges. This has been done to provide timely treatment to victims.\"Makani said he had to pay for some tests, which the railways does not cover. \"In Makani's case, we conducted a body scan as it was the fastest way of investigation. The WR only mandates a brain scan. We explained our predicament to the Makanis and went ahead with their consent. Later, we refunded their money after the WR promised that they would pay the entire bill,\" Pestonji added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16290224", "title": "TDP still to finalize its stand on Telangana", "text": "New Delhi: While BJP has upped the ante on Telangana with its three-day protest at Jantar Mantar and promise to bifurcate Andhra Pradesh if it comes to power in 2014, the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) is still non-committal.Speaking to reporters in Delhi, TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu said, \"We will discuss the issue in our party and then make our stand clear very soon.\"With increasing pressure from Telangana leaders within his party and accused by the Centre of being a roadblock in the formation of the new state, Naidu was expected to make his party's position clear during his visit to Delhi.The TDP chief, however, chose to peddle his 'BC Declaration' which envisages 100 assembly seats for backward classes (BC) from his party in Andhra Pradesh. The declaration also demands reservation of one-third seats for backward classes in all legislative bodies, an exclusive Union ministry for their welfare and reservation in promotion.Naidu said he had met several leaders across parties to garner support for his declaration, adding that SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav was with him on the issue.\"We will also welcome support of all OBC MPs irrespective of their party,\" said Naidu, who is hoping to corner YSR Congress in Andhra through this.On Coalgate, Naidu held PM Manmohan Singh directly responsible as the leader of the government, but blamed both the Congress and the BJP for the scam. \"Both parties are responsible for shielding the guilty in these scams,\" Naidu said.On the Parliament logjam over the issue, he said, \"You have to cancel all allocations, institute an enquiry and only then a debate can begin.\"The Andhra leader reiterated his support for a third front, saying, \"We are anti-Congress and anti-BJP. We are in touch with all like-minded parties.\"He, however, ruled out mid-term polls. \"The Congress has enough support base and the BJP is not in a position to pull down the government,\" he said, adding that in any case, bringing down the government has never led to end of corruption and there greater institutional changes were required to stem the rot in the system.\"Anna Hazare had begun a good movement. But they have now entered politics because of which the movement has lost its sheen,\" Naidu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16290496", "title": "Fancy cars catch Patnaites' fancy", "text": "PATNA: Congested city roads and traffic snarls fail to deter the rich and neo-rich of the state capital from flaunting their money as far as owning luxury cars is concerned. The craze for having a Mercedes or an Audi is picking up fast, especially among those who had the money earlier also but they were not eager to show it off on the wheels.Trekking the business trend, various high-end luxury car manufacturing companies are eager to open a showroom in Bihar. And, the trend is reflected in the rising number of SUVs, MUVS and Sedans above Rs 25 lakh price tag sold in the state during the last five years. Now, no less than 25 Mercedes-Benzes, Audi and BMW are moving on the city roads.Pranav Sahi, founder member of Magadha Motor Sports Club, who owns a Mercedes E250D, told TOI, \"A decade back, there were hardly two or three premium cars here. But, at present, there are no less than 15 Mercedeses, 10 BMWs and two Audis of which only one third are old models.\"Says Arvind Pandey, manager, Chevrolet showroom, \"The key factors behind the rise in demand for SUVs and other luxury cars are their space, seating capacity, versatility, comfort, hi-tech features and their face value.\" Chevrolet has already sold over seven Cruze (Rs 14 lakh to Rs 18 lakh approx) and Captiva (Rs 21.6 lakh to Rs 22.8 lakh) each in the last five months. \"The demand for these vehicles has increased by 70% in one year,\" Pandey said.The recently launched Honda showroom has also sold four CRV (Rs 23 lakh and Rs 25 lakh approx) in two months. \"We have also received the booking of two Accord cars (Rs 20 lakh to Rs 27lakh approx),\" said Harshendra Kumar, managing director of Honda showroom.Though the sale of premium range of cars is good, the most expensive ones are still awaiting buyers. Volkswagen is yet to take off with its high-range models. \"On an average, we are selling 20 cars below the range of Rs 10 lakh per month,\" said Altmas Khan, sales manager, Volkswagen showroom.Launched in 2010, Mitsubishi showroom here has Lancer Evolution X, (Rs 60 lakh approx) but it still has no buyer though the company has already sold 14 Pajero Montero (Rs 47 lakh), five Pajero Sports (Rs 27 lakh approx) and one Pajero (Rs 24 lakh approx) in the last six months. \"Last year, we had sold 40 such SUVs, including all three models,\" said Dhananjay Kumar, manager, Mitsubishi showroom.Toyota has already sold its most expensive CBU (completely build unit) Land Cruiser 200 worth Rs 1.10 crore. \"We have sold one Land Cruiser 200 and have a booking for another to deliver on Dhanteras,\" said Christopher Soren, marketing manager, Toyota showroom. There is no demand for Prado (Rs 67.84 lakh), Camry (Rs 26 lakh) and Prius (Rs 24 lakh) in Bihar but over 72 Fortuners worth Rs 24 lakh (approx) each have been sold.While one of the favourite SUV brands of Biharis, the Mahindra, has sold more than 30 recently launched XUV500 (Rs 11.50 lakh to Rs 14.10 lakh approx) and has received a booking for over 200 vehicles of that model. Abhishekh Rai, MD, Mahindra Showroom said, \"In five months we have sold over 300 Scoprio VLX (Rs 11 lakh approx).\"Similarly, city's lone Ford showroom is selling an average of four Endeavour (Rs 24 lakh approx) per month. \"We have sold four Superb diesel (Rs 27 lakh approx) and two Superb petrol (Rs 24 lakh approx) in three months,\" said, Rajeev Kumar Singh, MD, Skoda showroom.Within a year of its launch, ten Hyundai Fantasy (Rs 28 lakh approx) have been sold in Bihar. \"Two Sonata (Rs 22 lakh), launched last month, have been sold so far,\" said Saket Kumar, general manager, Hyundai showroom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16292674", "title": "Two steps back", "text": "RANCHI: When the People's War Group and Maoist Communist Centre merged in 2004 to form CPI (Maoist), the rebels believed that a bigger outfit under the leadership of Muppala Lakshmana Rao alias Ganpathi would give fresh momentum to the underground movement against the state. However, the move seems to have backfired, particularly in Jharkhand. The organization - which spread from just six districts before the merger to 18 in 2008-09 - was responsible for the killed over 200 security men - including 30 policemen in a single encounter at Baliba in West Singhbhum district in 2004.Over the next five years, the CPI (Maoist) became a major concern for the government, especially after the rebels started targeting political personalities and security officials with impunity. The killing of Jharkhand Mukti Morcha MP Sunil Mahato in Ghatshila subdivision of East Singhbhum in March 2007, besides the murder of JD(U) MLA Ramesh Singh Munda in July 2008 and special branch inspector Francis Indwar in October 2009 made them the most dreaded outfit in the region.Things, however, began to change in 2010 as differences cropped up among the outfit's members and security agencies adopted better means to collate intelligence inputs. In the last three years, several key Maoists - including central committee members Amitabh Bagchi, Ravi Sharma and Misir Besra - were arrested. Other senior Reds like Ajay Ganju - who had a reward of Rs 17 lakh on his head - were eliminated by security forces in Chatra in July this year.More than 100 Maoists - including several zonal and area commanders - have surrendered along with sophisticated weapons like AK-47s, regular rifles and can bombs. According to the police, so far two dozen automatic weapons and around 600 can bombs have been handed over to security forces by the surrendered rebels. A total of nine zonal, six sub-zonal and three area commanders surrendered before security forces in Jharkhand in 2011 alone.S N Pradhan, Jharkhand police spokesperson and IG (SB), said: \"One of the biggest advantages for the state police is the growing internal differences among the Maoists. The infighting is at its peak and almost every rebel is functioning in his own style. The differences are only increasing with arrest of every single leader,\" said Pradhan.According to Pradhan, there is a vacuum in the outfit's top brass due to the death of leaders like Koteswar Rao alias Kishenji and the police are utilizing the opportunity to disintegrate the organization. \"We are in a game changing position, and our efforts will become evident within the next six months,\" he said.An IPS officer said: \"The first major split which the CPI(Maoist) suffered was when a section of its disgruntled cadres formed Jharkhand Liberation Tiger (JLT) in 2005-06, which in turn evolved into People Liberation Front of India (PLFI) in 2008-09. With PLFI gradually starting to dominate in districts like Simdega, Khunti and Gumla, the CPI (Maoist) began losing out on levy collection. According to an estimate, the PLFI generates around Rs 100-125 crore revenue by collecting 'taxes' in their areas of influence,\" said an IPS officer.The officer, who recently served as the SP in two Maoist-affected districts in the state, said: \"The younger rebels are more inclined towards making money and leading a lavish lifestyle. They seem to be getting away with it as there is no one to discipline them or instill a sense of morality and ideology in them. This growing lust for money among members of the splinter groups has played a significant role in eroding the support base of Maoists in Jharkhand, particularly in Ranchi, Gumla, Simdega, Khunti, Lohardaga districts and to some extent in Hazaribag and Chatra districts,\" he said.Senior CPI (ML) MLA Vinod Kumar Singh admitted that Left wing extremism has been shaken up in Jharkhand because of its departure from ideologies and greed for money. \"They are not fighting an ideological battle anymore. All these groups, including the CPI(Maoist), are more interested in money,\" said Singh.Human rights activist Shashi Bhusan Pathak, who has mediated between the police and Maoists for release of hostages on at least two occasions, said it was too early to say that the organization is falling apart. \"My knowledge about the organization is that it is not going to disintegrate quickly because it is an underground political struggle. No security operation or oppression can end it and it has been proved by the manner in which the Naxalite movement survived the police onslaught in West Bengal during the rule of Sidhartha Shankar Ray,\" Pathak said. He suggested that the government should focus more on finding a political solution to the problem than use of force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16294587", "title": "Yuvraj's return in focus as India take on New Zealand in 1st T20I", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: After winning his battle against a rare germ cell cancer, India's World Cup hero Yuvraj Singh would be the cynosure of all eyes when he starts his journey back to international cricket with the first Twenty20 match against New Zealand on Saturday.Yuvraj was diagnosed with the ailment between his lungs within months of winning the Man of the Tournament award in the 2011 World Cup.His career looked in jeopardy when the diagnosis was first revealed but the flamboyant all-rounder fought back after undergoing three cycles of chemotherapy.The 30-year-old left-hander has been training hard at the National Cricket Academy in Bangalore and would be looking to make a statement when he returns to the cricket field in Saturday's match.It is something that has never happened on the cricket field and Yuvraj will go on to inspire generations when he wears the Indian colours again after more than nine months.Behind all the limelight he hogged after he returned home, Yuvraj put in hours sweating out at the NCA to regain the fitness and agility, for which he was known for.Whether he would make a stupendous comeback on his return on Saturday or not but the fact that he beat cancer will now be a part of cricketing folklore.\"I had played three practice games at NCA. I will get some serious match practice in the two matches against New Zealand scheduled September 8 and 11,\" he said.\"Then, I would be playing two more practice matches. So, you see, I will be having seven games before the World Cup. I will be having enough match practice,\" he added.His last International appearance was the Kolkata Test against the West Indies in November last year, while it was more than a year ago when he last played a T20 (against South Africa on January 9, 2011).The two T20Is against New Zealand will start India's countdown for the fourth edition the World Twenty20 that will get underway in Sri Lanka on September 18.As it's a jam-packed Twenty20 calendar ahead -- World T20 followed by the Champions League in South Africa -- India would be keen for a winning start against the Kiwis.The hosts could not have started their home season on a better note having routed the visitors 2-0 in the just-concluded two-Test series.The T20 series against New Zealand will also mark the return of Harbhajan Singh, the star off-spinner who went out of favour after being blanked 0-4 in the disastrous England tour in July-August last year.Both Yuvraj and Harbhajan were part of India's successful campaigns in the ODI and Twenty20 World Cup (in 2007 and 2011).Form-wise, Virat Kohli has been the man of all formats for India in recent past, with many match-winning knocks under his belt.The youngster will once again form the core of Indian batting, while Suresh Raina, known for his exploits in the shorter formats, will look to give the finishing.In the middle-order Rohit Sharma will have to prove his worth soon enough or the struggling batsman might end up losing his spot to the talented Manoj Tiwary, who has been waiting in the wings.The opening duo of Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir are also yet to fire.Sehwag is yet to convert his starts and is long due for a big score, while Gambhir too has struggled in the Test series.But he can draw confidence from the fact that he had a fine outing in India's 4-1 and 1-0 victory in ODI and T20 series in Sri Lanka.The very mention of Dr YSR Reddy ACA-VDCA Stadium, perched on the foothills of Simhachalam forests on the outskirts of the city, makes one remember the great knock of Mahendra Singh Dhoni.Dhoni had announced his arrival with a magnificent 148 against Pakistan back in 2005 and the Indian skipper would look forward to the belter where India have never lost from four ODIs.On the bowling front, the resurgence of Irfan Pathan in the Sri Lanka series has been the bright spot.Laxmipathy Balaji too is back in the fold more than three and half years after he last played for India.It was his tidy performance for IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders that caught the selectors attention and the veteran seamer will look to grab the opportunity in case he makes the cut to partner spearhead Zaheer Khan.Off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin foxed the Black Caps with his variation of carrom ball and returned with 18 wickets from two Tests.Back in the format where he has impressed most, Ashwin will once again look to stand tall in the path of Ross Taylor and Co.With veteran Harbhajan around, it will be interesting to see if the think-tank goes for an all-offspin attack.The wounded Black Caps, having lost three Test series (vs South Africa, West Indies and India) in a row and with losses in their last three T20Is, will be keen to turn it around ahead of the World T20.Famous in the subcontinent for his T20 exploits in the IPL, Brendon McCullum will be their key batsman as the explosive wicketkeeper will look to give the visitors a blazing start.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289421", "title": "'Probe export of Bellary's illicit iron ore'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court's environmental panel on Thursday recommended a CBI probe into the brazen flouting of rules in transportation of 50 lakh tonnes of illegally mined iron ore from Bellary district to Belekeri port, some 400 km away, and their surreptitious export despite the ore being seized by the forest department.In a hard-hitting report laying bare the deep-rooted official-mining mafia nexus, the Central Empowered Committee (CEC) through secretary M K Jiwrajika said, \"Transportation of such a huge quantity of iron ore involving more than 5 lakh truck trips could not have been possible without the active connivance of the concerned officers and other public servants.\"While recommending a detailed probe by the CBI, the CEC report added, \"The Karnataka forest department had seized the entire stock of iron ore lying in Belekeri port on March 20, 2010 but the majority has substantially been illegally exported. The probe carried out so far by the state of Karnataka through the CID does not inspire confidence.\"The report submitted through amicus curiae A D N Rao said the CEC was of the \"considered view that intervention of the Supreme Court is required so as to ensure that effective investigations and deterrent action against persons found guilty are taken without any undue delay\".It said the CBI must investigate \"all aspects of the illegalities associated with raising, transportation, sale and purchase, storage and disposal of about 33.98 lakh tonnes of iron ore exported from January 1, 2009 to May 31, 2010 by four exporters - ILC Industries Ltd (9.68 lakh tonnes), Dream Logistics Company (India) Pvt Ltd (9.16 lakh tonnes), S B Logistics (7.74 lakh tonnes) and Shree Mallikarjuna Shipping Pvt Ltd (7.23 lakh tonnes) from Belekeri port and consequent receipt/transfer of money within and outside the country\".\"The CBI may be directed to undertake preliminary inquiry in respect of 32.27 lakh tonnes of iron ore exported by 18 exporters and each of whom had from January 1, 2009 to May 31, 2010 exported between 1 to 5 lakh tonnes of iron ore from Belekeri port,\" the CEC said.\"The exporters, port service providers, transporters, suppliers of illegal iron ore and also the persons who caused such illegalities are liable to penal action under the provisions of Mines and Mineral (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957, Karnataka Forest Rules, Indian Penal Code and other applicable Acts/Rules,\" it added. The CEC report was in response to the SC's August 23 order and in continuation of its report of April 27 on 'alleged illegal export of iron ore from Belekeri port and associated issues'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16289170", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations: Follow all rules, CP tells Ganesh mandals", "text": "NAGPUR: City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay told Ganesh mandals organizers on Thursday to stop flouting the norms set by orders of the Supreme Court and high court. The CP briefed the organizers about the rules and regulations and also issued a strict warning that action would be taken if they are found breaking them.Speaking about the decibel level and timing of loudspeakers, CP Dhanvijay asked organizers to strictly stick to the 6am to 10pm deadline. He also asked them to procure proper permission to operate the loudspeakers. \"Don't erect stages or pandals on roads and don't obstruct traffic and pedestrians,\" said the top cop.Joint CP Sanjay Saxena, who was also present along with other officials, said that unruly behaviour like playing cards or consuming liquors will not be tolerated. He also urged organizers to ensure rules are followed while taking out the immersion processions.Senior NMC officials, who were present along with the cops, told mandal organizers they must procure permission from the civic body before building their pandals. The representatives of power distributor Spanco also suggested that organizers should apply for separate meters for their mandals, and promised to give them supply at cheaper rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "istanbul ( turkey )", "code": "16293451", "title": "Indian women tamed by Russia, men draw again", "text": "ISTANBUL ( TURKEY ): On a disappointing day for India, the men's team bowed out of medal contention after conceding another draw, while the women were tamed 1-3 by Russia in the ninth round of the 40th Chess Olympiad.The Indian men were held by the Georgians, who did not fancy their chances when looking at the ratings. The underdogs, however, came close to beating the Indian men but for national champion Abhijeet Gupta who threw caution to the wind when cornered.K Sasikiran mishandled a slightly better position and drew with Mikheil Mchedilishvili on the top board while P Harikrishna also stood better but could only bring home a half point on board two.GN Gopal struggled from the early middle game stage and was eventually outplayed by Levan Pantsulaia on the fourth board. By then the Indians were looking at a painful defeat as Gupta only had a drawn endgame on board.The Bhilwara lad, however, went for make or break and sacrificed a piece for three pawns in what was a dead-drawn endgame.Looking for an elusive victory, Gupta even landed in a lost position but fought on till Sanikidze returned the favour and landed in a lost endgame. In the end, Gupta had two queens against Sanikidze's Queen and Bishop and the marathon had a sweet end for India after 105 moves.Gupta's win, however, did not change much for the team even as overnight leaders Russia were shocked by USA on the top board.As a result, Russia were joined at the top by China, Armenia and USA and what was looking like an easy ride for the Russians has now become a four-way tie at the top on 15 points each.The Indian men are on joint 17th spot now with 12 points in their bag. A podium finish seems out, but they can still figure in top ten with victories in the last two rounds. The appointment is with strong Cubans in the tenth round.In the women's event, the best Indian performer Tania Sachdev also took a break from her all-decisive results and played out a draw on the third board as white against Nadezhda Kosintseva and soon after it was clear that the Indian girls were fighting a lost battle.On board one, D Harika also settled for peace against Tatiana Kosintseva but by then it was all over as Soumya Swaminathan went down to former world champion Alexandra Kosteniuk on the fourth board while Eesha Karavade proved no match for Valentina Gunina on the second board.The Chinese women continued with their winning ways and downed France 3-1 with reigning world champion Yifan Hou providing the crucial blow on the top board.Zhao Xue also won her game on the second board and the Chinese girls in current form look simply unstoppable in their quest for gold.While China is now on 16 points out of nine matches, Russia remains a close second a full point behind while the Indian eves stumbled to joint seventh spot from joint second.However it's still not all over as the Indian team meets lower ranked Israel in the tenth and penultimate round and a big victory might just propel them closer to a podium finish.Important results round 8 open: USA (15) beat Russia (15) 3-1; Philippines (13) lost to China (15) 0.5-3.5; Armenia (15) beat Germany (13) 2.5-1.5; Poland (13) drew with Azerbaijan (13) 2-2; Ukraine (14) beat France (12) 3-1; Netherlands (14) beat Israel (12) 3-1; Serbia (11) lost to Argentina (13) 1.5-2.5; Hungary (13) beat Italy (11) 3-1; Georgia (12) drew with India (12) 2-2 (Mikheil Mchdilishvili drew with K Sasikiran, P Harikrishna drew with Merab Gagunashvili; Tornike Sanikidze lost to Abhijeet Gupta; G N Gopal lost to Levan Pantsulaia); Vietnam (13) beat England (11) 3-1; Uzbekistan (12) drew with Slovenia (12) 2-2; Austria (11) lost to Czech Republic (13) 0-4; Brazil (11) lost to Belarus (13) 1.5-2.5; Denmark (13) beat FYROM (11) 2.5-1.5.Women: China (16) beat France (13) 3-1; India (13) lost to Russia (15) 1-3 (D Harika drew with Tatiana Kosintseva; Valentina Gunina beat Eesha Karavade; Tania Sachdev drew with Nadezhda Kosintseva; Alexandra Kosteniuk beat Soumya Swaminathan); Kazakhstan (14) beat Uzbekistan (13) 2.5-1.5; USA (12) lost the Ukraine (14) 1-3; Bulgaria (12) lost to Poland (14) 1.5-2.5; Iran (11) lost to Armenia (13) 1-3; Georgia (11) lost to Azerbaijan (13) 1.5-2.5; Israel *13) beat Serbia (11) 3-1; Hungary (12) drew with Slovenia (12) 2-2; Vietnam (11) lost to Germany (13) 1.5-2.5; Spain (13) beat Lithuania (11) 3.5-0.5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16289190", "title": "TVs go blank as cable operators launch stir", "text": "YAVATMAL: Though a month has passed after the cold-blooded murder of local cable operator Umesh Khandve by contract killers on August 4, the cops are still groping in the dark.Cable Owners and Operators Action Committee started a 24-hour blackout from Thursday morning to protest the inaction of cops in arresting the mastermind. They have warned of intensifying the agitation if the three absconding accused were not arrested immediately.Former minister and spokesman of the action committee Rajabhau Thakre said the Association of Cable Owners and Operators in the district too has joined the strike, which was a success.Young cable operator Umesh was attacked by a gang of five with sharp weapons at the busy square near hotel Mai on Yavatmal-Arni Road in which he died on the spot. The killers then escaped in different directions.Wadgaon Road police registered an offence under sections 302 and 34 of IPC and arrested two of the contract killers, Arif Shah and Raju Shukla, both residents of Bangar Nagar. During interrogation, the arrested duo confessed to have taken a contract for Rs5 lakh to carry out the conspiracy hatched allegedly by builder Sachin Bharti, his business partner Raju Lohana and Ganesh Thakur. The police recovered weapons and the car abandoned by mastermind Sachin and two others at a spot under Sindhi police station limits the following day.The investigation was initially conducted by police inspector Sarjerao Gaikwad. But due to his failure to track the absconding accused, SP Ranjankumar Sharma ordered him to hand over investigations to Yavatmal SDPO Lata Fad.Meanwhile, two of the absconding accused, Raju Lohana and his uncle Ganesh Thakur, approached the district court with an application for anticipatory bail through their counsel. However, the court turned down the plea.Though Fad has taken over investigation, there is no breakthrough till day. To express grief and solidarity with the deceased Umesh's family, the cable operators resorted to strike. There was no telecast on Thursday which caused inconvenience to TV viewers of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16288877", "title": "Trees posing threat to Ambazari embankment?", "text": "NAGPUR: The lush green cover on the embankment of 140-year-old Ambazari lake may be pleasing to the eye but the large trees there pose a threat to the structure's safety. What is worse, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), that owns the lake, has not undertaken maintenance works at the embankment in 17 years.Thanks to its solid construction, the embankment right now shows no sign of damage but NMC apathy towards it may someday prove costly. Even the condition of lake's waste weir seems alarming as it has water seeping out from several places. Water resources department (WRD), executive engineer LP Ingale told TOI that embankment of any reservoir should always be free of trees. \"We don't allow even smaller shrubs to grow on embankment. The roots of the trees can weaken the embankment especially if they are towards water body side. When trees die or roots come in contact with water they can decay and leave cavities that sucks in water, which is called piping action. Any seepage through them is very dangerous,\" he said.Experts say Ambazari lake's embankment, stretching for 700-800 metres from waste weir to entrance of garden, needs immediate attention. Big trees have grown on the entire stretch. They prove NMC's neglect of the embankment. Considering the height of the trees, their roots have already gone deep into the embankment. Shockingly, NMC is just not concerned despite the lake being located close to densely populated areas.The embankment was constructed in 1872. The then chief commissioner John Morrison built the Ambazari water supply scheme to provide drinking water to the city. Engineer Binny was assigned the task of construction and the scheme was named Binny Scheme. The embankment and weir were constructed completely rejuvenating the tank established by the Bhonslas. With increase in demand of water, the embankment's height was increased two times till 1919 and it was periodically repaired.Thanks to high quality work of the British, the embankment remained safe till 1995. Sources told TOI cracks were witnessed in couple of places in 1995. \"NMC immediately repaired the embankment and cleared all trees. Since then, NMC has not undertaken any maintenance work,\" said sources.Worse, no NMC department accepts the embankment as its responsibility. All are passing the buck to each other. NMC's zonal offices are responsible for all activity in their jurisdiction. Assistant commissioner of Dharampeth Zone Mahesh Moroney said the embankment must have been looked after by the water works department or garden department as the former sells water of the lake to MIDC Hingna and while the latter maintains Ambazari garden adjacent to the lake.The officials of Garden department said the responsibility of embankment was with the water works department. Executive engineer (water works) Shashikant Hastak said that garden department was requested to look after the embankment and other issues of the lake many times but it has refused to do so. \"My deputy engineers might be looking after it,\" he said.The deputy engineers, of course, pointed towards the NMC's public works department. Chief engineer AN Shambarkar of NMC PWD, however, said the embankment would come under the jurisdiction of state government's Water Resources Department which, apparently, is not even aware of its responsibility.The waste weir is also in a bad condition. Water could be seen seeping out from several places from the weir which is the present commencement point of Nag river. Should anything happen to it, localities like Corporation colony and Shankar Nagar along with entire VNIT campus are directly in the path of water. The tale of NMC negligence does not end with embankment and weir as the Ambazari lake, which was once sole drinking water source of city, itself has turned into a sewage tank over the years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16291249", "title": "Connect with the dead via grave barcode", "text": "LONDON: Barcodes are being placed on the gravestones by funeral directors in the UK to allow visitors to pay tributes to the departed and divulge details with the swipe of a mobile phone.The barcodes are being placed over the headstones to provide them a rather modern makeover and making them interactive for visitors.When scanned on a smartphone, the square codes, known as Quick Response or QR codes, launch a website which contains a biography of the deceased. The page can include a profile of the person, photographs and videos of them and tributes from family and friends , the 'Daily Mail' reported.The first funeral director to provide the service in the UK is Chester Pearce, in Poole, Dorset.Its managing director Stephen Nimmo said the QR codes are etched onto a small granite or metal square before being embedded or glued on to a gravestone.\"I thought we could use technology to provide more information about people who have died to bring back the memories. People can make their websites as simple or as complicated as they like and add as much or as little information as they want,\" Nimmo said.The expired person's loved ones can use a password to create and update the website and add more comments or memories as time goes by.If visitors know the password, they can even add their own tributes.The technology, however, doesn't come cheap, with the QR codes costing up to 300 and an additional charge of 95 for the hosting and set-up of the website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16287916", "title": "BDA hands over cheques to farmers", "text": "BANGALORE: Farmers who gave away land for the formation of Kempegowda Layout near Kengeri Hobli were relieved on Thursday when BDA knocked on their doors to issue compensation cheques.Cheques worth Rs 8.14 crore were distributed to farmers; 13 cheques were distributed to owners for the acquisition of 10 acres 7 guntas in Kommaghatta (2 cases), Bheemanakuppe (6 cases), Kodigehalli (1 case) and Ramsandra (4 cases).BDA issued the final notification to acquire 4,048 acres across 12 villages. A mobile office was set up at Bettanapalya in Bangalore South Taluk and documents of land owners were verified by the land acquisition department.The layout formation is estimated to cost of Rs 2,639 crore. Land has been notified at Kommaghatta, Ramasandra, Challaghatta, Krishnasangara, Bheemanakuppe, Ramasagara, Sulikere and Kenchanapura in Kengeri hobli and Sheegehalli, Kannahalli, Kodigehalli and Manganahalli in Yeshwanthpur hobli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "after ajay devgn, jackie shroff and sanjay dutt now it is salman khan's turn to act in a bengali film. he will portray the character of babu lal, a dalit in partho sen produced bengali film, 'dharti'. the film depicts the tribal lifestyle will have kangana ranaut as the female lead. it is also rumoured that aditya pancholi have been casted in this film. so the former love buds, aditya and kangana have forgotten their past and decided to act in the same film. this is what we call professionalism! when our sources contacted the makers of the film they confirmed that sallu bhai will do the film. however they refused to divulge any further information. source", "code": "16293022", "title": "Salman Khan steps in Tollywood", "text": "After Ajay Devgn, Jackie Shroff and Sanjay Dutt now it is Salman Khan's turn to act in a Bengali film. He will portray the character of Babu Lal, a dalit in Partho Sen produced Bengali film, 'Dharti'. The film depicts the tribal lifestyle will have Kangana Ranaut as the female lead. It is also rumoured that Aditya Pancholi have been casted in this film. So the former love buds, Aditya and Kangana have forgotten their past and decided to act in the same film. This is what we call professionalism! When our sources contacted the makers of the film they confirmed that Sallu bhai will do the film. However they refused to divulge any further information. Source: http://bengalimovies.org/news/salman-khan-steps-tollywood-9620", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16290411", "title": "Water resources department seeks police deployment on Bhagalpur site", "text": "PATNA: The chief engineer of water resources department (WRD), Bhagalpur, has written to the divisional commissioner and DM for immediately providing security to the department's engineers camping at Raghopur in Kharik block and Ismailpur-Bindtoli under Gopalpur block if they wanted the anti-erosion and flood-fighting works being done there to continue.The letter, a copy was also received at the state WRD headquarters on Thursday, stated that a local zila parishad member, Vijay Kumar Mandal, on Wednesday, not only slapped and threatened an assistant engineer of the department, Ramprabodh Prasad Singh, but also abused and misbehaved with him on Raghopur-Khairpur site. The onlookers included WRD engineer in chief (north) and other senior engineers camping on the site, as well as media persons.WRD minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary on Thursday asked Bhagalpur DM to deploy a section of police force at Raghopur-Khairpur to give security to department's engineers engaged in the anti-erosion work being done there.Choudhary also directed the Bhagalpur divisional commissioner to take stock of the situation and do the needful in the situation that has been vitiated by law and order problems caused at the site of work by groups having questionable integrity.Incidentally, the letter addressed to the Bhagalpur commissioner and DM also mentioned about the assault by Gopalpur JD(U) MLA Narendra Kumar Neeraj alias Gopal Mandal last week on the in-charge and staff of an agency that had been engaged by WRD to do the anti-erosion and flood-fighting work near Ismailpur-Bindtoli under Gopalpur block of the district.The letter also noted that engineers were feeling threatened and, therefore, it would not be possible to carry out the anti-erosion and flood-fighting work, if they were not provided security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16302052", "title": "Lord Ganesh to land in city in chartered chopper", "text": "VADODARA: Organizers of a Ganpati pandal plan to bring the idol for Ganpati festivities to the city from Mumbai. And the Elephant God will not arrive in any commercial flight but a chartered helicopter.Haringar Panch Rasta Yuvak Mandal (HPRYM) and Sainath Yuvak Mandal who will jointly organize the pandal at Harinagar this year have decided to bring an idol from Mumbai. In the previous years, the location has seen a silver idol with golden ornaments that was immersed at Somnath and an idol made of synthetic diamond-like stones called zirconia stones.The organizers are now in the process of getting permission for the event. They plan to bring the idol to the city on September 18. The idol will then be installed near Haringar crossroads on September 19. They had applied for permission to use a Vadodara Municipal Corporation plot to make the helipad and have been granted the same.Shwejal Vyas of HPRYM said the mandal was looking to get other permissions too. \"Since we have been given permission for the land for the helipad, we will now proceed with other formalities. If all goes well, the city will witness such an event for the first time,\" Vyas said.BJP councillor Rajesh Ayre, who is coordinating with the youths for the event, said the idol will be kept at his residence on September 18 after it lands. \"It will then be taken to the pandal on the next day. There are several other unique features of the idol and decoration at the pandal that will be disclosed at a later stage,\" he said.Sources said an amount over Rs 3 lakh will be spent on bringing the idol to the city. The idol is being made by an artisan in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16290513", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi: Waive octroi on Ganesh idols, says corporator", "text": "PUNE: Ganapati idols in the city will become more affordable if the proposal to reduce octroi on idols is approved by the civic standing committee.The proposal will be discussed in the standing committee meeting on September 11 as the city gears up for the 10-day festival starting September 19.\"Nearly 4% octroi is charged on Ganesh idols sold in the city which helps the PMC earn about Rs 5 lakh a year. We want this octroi waived starting this year,\" said corporator Sanjay Bhonsale.Pune imports idols from various parts of Maharashtra and other states. Those from Gujarat and Rajasthan are becoming popular along with the traditional ones from Pen village in Raigad district. The prices range from Rs 100 to Rs 2 lakh depending on the size and material used. The idols are generally made of plaster of paris, clay and paper. The trend of installing environment-friendly idols is also gaining popularity.\"Waiving this octroi will not affect the civic administration's income in a big way. On the other hand, it will send a good message to the society. Once the octroi is gone, prices of idols will come down and people will get them at cheaper rates,\" said Bhonsale, who submitted the proposal to the standing committee. However, the idols may still cost more than last year because of price rise and poor rain.Vilas Kanade, the head of the octroi department, said, \"We are figuring out exactly how many idols are brought to the city every year and how much octroi does it generate. The information will be submitted to the standing committee for a final decision.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16290889", "title": "DMK minister\u2019s family linked to coal block deal", "text": "CHENNAI: The DMK has again landed the UPA government in a spot as the focus now shifts to the family of Union minister of state (information and broadcasting) S Jagathrakshakan for their involvement in a company that was awarded a coal block in 2007 despite it having no track record in the sector. MK has again landed the UPA government in a spot as the focus now shifts to the family of Union minister of state (information and broadcasting) S Jagathrakshakan for their involvement in a company that was awarded a coal block in 2007 despite it having no track record in the sector. The Jagathrakshakanowned J R Power Gen Pvt Ltd was barely five days old when it signed an MoU with the state-owned Puducherry Industrial Promotion Development and Investment Corporation (PIPDIC) to stake a claim for a captive coal block. Coincidentally, this round of allotments were made to PSUs which had to specify end use for the coal. While J R Power had no interests in any core sector, PIPDIC just facilitates investments in the region . Neither could have directly utilized the coal block. According to documents available with TOI, J R Power, in which Jagathrakshakan and his family members were directors, entered into the MoU with PIPDIC on January 17, 2007. On July 25, 2007, PIPDIC and Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation were allocated a coal block in Naini, Orissa. As per the MoU, J R Power also enjoyed a stake for end use of this allotment . However, months after the allocation of the block, J R Power, which had no expertise in thermal power , iron and steel, or cement \u2014 key sectors for consumption of coal \u2014 sold 51% stake to Hyderabad-based K S K Energy Ventures Ltd, an established player with interests in the energy sector. The rights for the use of the coal block thus passed to K S K. Admitting to getting a coal block, Jagathrakshakan told TOI, \"It is true that we got coal allocation but it was a sub-contract with Puducherry government and then we gave it away to KSK company. Now, we have got nothing to do with the allocation but if the government wants to take back the allocation it can do so.\"MORE DIRTY HANDS?J R Power Gen Pvt Ltd, in which minister Jagathrakshakan and his family members were directors, was barely 5 days old when it entered into an MoU with the state-owned PIPDIC on Jan 17, 2007. The agreement was to stake claim for a captive coal block Jagathrakshakan quit as director of the company in 2009 to contest the Lok Sabha elections but his family members are still part of the board On July 25 that year, PIPDIC and the investment company and Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation were allocated a coal block in Naini in Orissa Months later, J R Power sold 51% of its stake to Hyderabad-based K S K Energy Ventures, which then got rights to use the coal block JAGATHRAKSHAKAN DMK'S RICHEST MPDMK seeks to distance itself from issueQuestions are now being raised as to how J R Power Gen managed to enter into an MoU with a state agency with rights to a coal block although it had no expertise in allied sectors. Jagathrakshakan was not a minister or MP in the DMK when the deal was struck. Later, he resigned as director of the company in 2009, to contest in the elections, but his family members remain on the board. \"The coal block was allocated to PIPDIC without any end use. The company did not specify any power, iron or cement industry project when it got the coal block. Subsequently, it entered into an agreement with another company again without any experience in power projects. Thus the coal has been allocated without applying of mind allegedly under some influence,\" said M R Venkatesh , a chartered accountant and activist. The DMK sought to distance itself from the controversy saying Jagathrakshakan was not a member of the party at that point. Spokesperson T K S Elangovan said, \"Jagathrakshakan was not a minister or an MP during that period and as a businessman he had the liberty to enter into an agreement purely on business terms.\" There is no allegation of misuse of the coal allocation, he said. Sources in the industry say J R Power now plans to offload its remaining stake of 49%. The fact that it still has a stake in the coal block is expected to enhance its value. Meanwhile, PIPDIC is under fire from the coal ministry, which had issued a notice to the corporation in May 2012, asking why its allocation should not be cancelled for not mining the coal. Jagathrakshakan, DMK's richest MP by value of assets disclosed, was caught in a controversy , when a medical college in Tamil Nadu owned by his family, sold seats for a consideration . The officials of the college were caught on camera and aCBI enquiry is currently on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16289336", "title": "Annual GIB survey on September 16", "text": "NAGPUR: The annual exercise to monitor Great Indian Bustard (GIB), an endangered bird listed in the Schedule I of the Wildlife Protection Act 1972, will be held on September 16.According to principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife) SWH Naqvi, the monitoring will be done in GIB-concentrated pockets in Nagpur, Chandrapur, Nashik and Pune circles.The daylong exercise, which is a too short period to find out GIBs, will include survey by field staff in prospective villages and gather information from locals and stakeholders about the GIB movement. A training session for volunteers will be conducted from September 10 to 14. Volunteers interested in participating in the exercise will be welcome on their own expenses.Last year, the exercise was taken up in Nagpur division on August 7. This year the dates were reshuffled due to scanty rains. The grassland bird is sighted when tall grass comes up owing to good rains.In 2011, 50-odd villages in Seminary Hills, Kuhi, Bhiwapur and Umred forest ranges were surveyed. However, for the past three years not a single GIB was sighted in Nagpur division, indicating how threatened the bird was.A survey conducted in Chandrapur's Warora and Bhadrawati tehsils have recorded 8 GIBs. In Maharashtra, the number of GIBs is estimated to be around 25. The number seems to have dropped in Nannaj bustard sanctuary where earlier 35 GIBs were recorded.\"The GIB numbers are almost stagnant over the years. Spread of agriculture, overgrazing, mines and power plants, besides destruction of grasslands by livestock and hunting have resulted in drastic decline of GIBs,\" said Gopal Thosar, who is working for GIB conservation for a decade.The GIB is a large handsome bird of the short grass plains of Indian subcontinent and is one of rarest bustards of the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16294327", "title": "'Raaz 3' costliest Bhatt film in years: Mukesh Bhatt", "text": "With 35 sets and real 3D making, \" Raaz 3 \" is the costliest film coming out of the Bhatt camp in years, says producer Mukesh Bhatt.More than a decade after their last biggie \"Ghulam\" , the Bhatt trio of Mukesh, Mahesh and Vikram is back with 'Raaz 3', which is the most expensive film they have made ever since.\"Not just in terms of production values but even scale, 'Raaz 3' is our costliest film. The requirement of the film is such that it had to be made largely on sets. We had to put more than 35 sets and that was not just very expensive but also quite ambitious on our part,\" said Mukesh Bhatt.Bhatts have been known to be quite cost conscious when it comes to filmmaking but Mukesh, without revealing their budget, said any other production house would have ended up spending even more money on \"Raaz 3\".\"Our film is expensive but then I am sure that if someone else would have made it, it would cost them double the amount. Moreover, we have made the film in real 3D rather than converting it from 2D to 3D. We have utilised the best of technical expertise and got people from international arena who have supervised the quality of our work. Still, our costs never spiralled to unimaginable levels.\"The film, releasing today, is being pitched as a Bipasha Basu comeback affair but Mukesh said the actress was cast according to the script's demands.\"The film's script demanded the casting of Bipasha; we realised that nobody better than her could have done the film. She is the most apt casting and fitted the role to the T.\"In the film she is playing a top superstar who is now losing out to a much younger starlet ( Esha Gupta). If you draw parallels to the real life scenario, today Bipasha has been in the business for ten years and on a threshold where she may be developing the feeling of losing out.\"Who better than her to have an apt understanding of the character's emotion? We knew she would do complete justice to the character.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16291451", "title": "Cop cars zip through safety drill", "text": "CHENNAI: In an operation designed to review their security preparedness ahead of the visits of the President and the Prime Minister to the city on Saturday, the city police sent six cars, including a decoy, with weapons to different areas on Wednesday. All the cars were traced later in the night. 'Operation Swift' , which began at 8pm on Wednesday and ended at 6am on Thursday, was held under the direct supervision of commissioner J K Tripathy and additional commissioner (traffic) Sanjay Arora . All police personnel out on the streets were first alerted about the lethal weapons being carried in a 'decoy vehicle' and told to seize it and arrest the occupants . Five other cars, also carrying lethal weapons, followed . \"Pickets were set up at more than 100 places. The occupants in the decoy vehicle kept conveying the developments to their higher-ups ,\" said joint commissioner (east) S N Seshasai . Vehicle checks were intensified across important points where police officers were tipped off that the registration number of the car would end in 44. The 'cars' evaded police in a couple of places with their occupants saying they were from the 'press' . However,near Nungambakkam , an alert security officer caught hold of one car when its occupants tried the same ruse. A check found sickles hidden inside the car. \"In several parts of the south zone, our men managed to nab two cars,\" said joint commissioner (south) K P Shanmugarajeshwaran . Police officials caught the five cars apart from the decoy vehicle and all the 15 occupants were 'arrested' in places like Nungambakkam, Tambaram, Neelankarai, Thiruninravur and Vysarpadi. The weapons being carried in the six cars were \"seized\" , police said. While President Pranab Mukherjee would arrive on Saturday morning to participate in the sesquicentennial celebrations of the Madras high court at the Nehru Indoor Stadium, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh would arrive later in the day and leave for Sriharikota to witness the launch of PSLV-C 21, the 100th mission of Indian Space Research Organisation on Sunday. Singh will leave for New Delhi after witnessing the launch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293966", "title": "Ram Charan\u2019s Nayak team returns from Europe", "text": "Mega power star and his team Nayak returned to the city yesterday after wrapping up the Europe schedule. The film's unit has shot three romantic numbers - one on Charan and Amala Paul and the other two on Charan and Kajal Aggarwal in the exotic locations of Iceland and Switzerland.Director V V Vinayak and cinematographer Chota K Naidu has also shot the remix number of Subhalekha Raskunna in this schedule. Further, the unit also filmed some sequences, which are going to be one of the highlights of the movie. DVV Danayya is producing this film, which has soundtracvk composed by SS Thaman. Naayak audio will be released in December while the film is slated for release in January, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16290761", "title": "Defence Security Corps roadblock irks Payyambalam residents", "text": "KANNUR: The Defence Security Corps (DSC) has triggered another row by blocking the road to a nearby cliff, preventing several local residents from entering their houses and properties.The DSC has been in a row with the District Tourism Promotion Council over a park at Payyambalam.\"Though the DSC claims that the cliff belongs to it, the road is being used by many residents here since the British times, because they have no other way to enter their houses. The blocking of both the roads is against a high court order. This is contempt of court,\" said P K Vipinraj, municipal councillor from Kanathoor north ward, who organized a dharna in front of the entrance to the area on Thursday.The councillor said that the high court had on July 5 instructed the DSC to open the road. \"But they did not adhere to it. The petitioner, local hotel owner T P Narayanan, once again approached the court with a contempt of court complaint,\" he said.The DSC submitted an affidavit in the court saying that it had prevented the people from using the road. Local residents, however, alleged that the both the entrances to the cliff have been blocked and the DSC officials were threatening them.Earlier, the residents had got a favourable order from a local court here. They alleged that DSC ignored that order too.\"The DSC is now saying that it will allow only those who have been issued DSC identity cards to enter the premises,\" said Shaji Jayarajan, a resident.The residents said they had informed defence minister A K Antony about the issue, but received no response.They were now planning a mass agitation, if the chief minister and the central government failed to find an amicable solution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16290073", "title": "Quota in promotion war heats up, staff to shun work today", "text": "LUCKNOW: The ongoing protests against promotion in reservation took a political turn on Thursday with the Samajwadi Party government coming out in open support of the state-wide employees' agitation. Encouraged by the government's support, the umbrella body of striking employees - Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti (SHSC) decided to boycott work on Friday as well. According to Shailendra Dubey, president of SHSS, all 18 lakh state government employees protesting quota in promotions would continue their agitation on Friday. Essential services, however, would remain unaffected.On Thursday, the second day on which employees struck work, Samajwadi Party spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary also participated in the strike called by OBC and general category employees of the state government. Protesting outside the gates of the PWD office in Lucknow, which remained locked for the second day in a row, Chaudhary said an amendment to the constitution that allows quota in promotions would be \"anti-national\". He also said the SP would protest the move both within the state as well as in Parliament. Accompanied by former minister Surjeet Singh Dang, state president of Janata Party, Ram Avatar Shankhdhar and others, Chaudhary also said that SP would continue to support the employee agitations until the bill is scrapped. Government work was also affected in Rajkiya Nirman Nigam, parts of the state Power Corporation Limited as well as other offices of the state government. Secretariat offices, however, remained largely unaffected with senior bureaucrats and their personal staff reporting to work, as usual.Meanwhile, nearly seven lakh supporters of the reservation in promotion campaign went to government offices to ensure work is not disrupted. Putting in an additional four hours of work to negate the effect of the strike, members of the Arakshan Bachao Sangharsh Samiti (ABSS), the umbrella body of pro-quota employees welcomed the UPA government's move to amend the constitution and introduce reservation in promotions. Secretary, ABSS, AK Dohare said the pro-quota employees would report to work at 8.00 a.m. on Friday and ensure that public services are not disrupted. The employees protested the decision by some unions to forcefully keep non-protesting employees outside their offices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289938", "title": "Paras forced daughter to marry him: Father-in-law", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five days after 22-year-old Paras Bhasin's body was found on a railway track in east Delhi, police said on Thursday that they were also probing whether it was an accident. Sources said Paras had earlier warned his wife, Shelly, that he would commit suicide alone when she reportedly backed out from a pact on August 27, near Jhilmil Colony. \"It is likely that he had gone to the tracks and tried to call her but did not notice the approaching train. We have sought help from the local police to help us trace eyewitnesses from the Ganesh Nagar area,\" said a source.A forensic team, meanwhile, on Thursday timed its walk to the tracks with exactly the same time when Paras alighted from the Metro at Laxmi station. \"It took them 10.55 minutes to reach the spot. Based on this input, we have now narrowed down our search to three railway drivers who could be prime witnesses,\",\" said the source.The police are also checking CCTV footage from three cameras at Subhash Nagar to investigate his family's claims that he had left home on September 1 in a car with three men and not alone as the CCTV footage at the adjoining Metro station suggests. Paras's notebooks have been taken away to analyse the handwriting on what is being claimed to be a suicide note. His family also submitted fresh footage, SMSs and photographs to additional DCP (Railways) Sanjay Bhatia in order to press their case of murder.The cops have confirmed that they have received the autopsy report of Paras. \"We are studying it,\" said DCP (Crime and Railways) Sanjay Jain. Sources claimed the report states all injuries are ante mortem in nature, caused by impact of some blunt object which could be a train too. The viscera has been preserved for analysis, sources said. Senior officers refused to confirm the exact contents of the report or verify these claims.Meanwhile, Paras's father-in-law, Satish Mittal, claimed on Thursday that his daughter married Paras under duress. \"Paras's sister had sent an SMS about the marriage to my son. Shelly told me only on September 1. I then went to my lawyer,\" said Mittal. He claimed his daughter was with him all through the day that Paras died. \"We were in Noida when the incident took place,\" he said.\"I came to know gradually from Shelly that he was always threatening her, slashing his wrist and pressuring her to act. It is not right to say they were seeing each other for six years; Paras's family never got in touch with us,\" he added. Mittal claimed Shelly regretted marrying Paras. \"She realized she had all facilities in our house.\"Giving the sequence of events, Mittal said, \"On August 24, when I was looking for a match for my daughter, my wife called me and told me Shelly was disturbed. When I returned home, I came to know that Shelly had met Paras's family members at a mall. I learnt she had had an affair with Paras. I reasoned with her, and she was fine. But after a few days, she called me saying she was on railway tracks trying to commit suicide. We immediately asked her to come back and told her we will agree to whatever she said. We told her we will see the situation. We called Paras a few days later and asked him about his job, background etc. Since we were not completely convinced, I asked him to get a proper job and told him we would only then consider the match.\"Shelly, along with her father, was questioned by police on Tuesday. She claimed they prepared the note ahead of their attempt a few days ago to kill themselves together by getting run over by a train. She also said that they were too scared to go through with it. Shelly said Paras had tried to kill himself on May 8 by slitting his wrist and that she married him the very next day fearing he may try to kill himself again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16289950", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav to meet Mamata Banerjee in Kolkata", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav will meet his West Bengal counterpart Mamata Banerjee during his two-day visit to Kolkata to attend the Samajwadi Party's national executive on September 12 and 13. The party hopes to use this maiden meeting between the two CMs to break ice between SP and Trinamool Congress that had surfaced after Mulayam's \"snub\" to Mamata during the presidential elections.More than 30 other SP leaders, including national president Mulayam Singh Yadav , have confirmed their participation in the meeting which is slated to be held at Nalban in Salt Lake area.\"As I have not seen the CM's itinerary, I cannot say when and where he will meet Mamata, but a meeting will definitely take place,\" said MLC Rajendra Chaudhary, who is also the party spokesperson for the state unit.Chaudhary confirmed that Akhilesh will meet Mamata for the first time since he was sworn in as CM on March 15. Others in the list include senior ministers in Akhilesh cabinet Mohammed Azam Khan , Ahmed Hasan, Ambika Chaudhary and SP MPs Ram Gopal Yadav and Mohan Singh. Confirmation from another 30-odd party leaders is expected anytime, he added.The national executive was originally slated to meet on July 10 and 11 but was postponed by the SP citing \"unavoidable circumstances\". In the political circles, the change in the programme was seen as a result of differences that had surfaced between the two parties after Mulayam went ahead to support Pranab Mukherjee's candidature in the presidential polls days after his joint press conference with Mamata in which they took names of former President APJ Abdul Kalam, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and former Lok Sabha Speaker Somnath Chatterjee as their choice of candidate.About the reason behind choosing Kolkata as the venue, Chaudhary said this was the fourth time that the party's national executive meeting would be held there. \"Mulayam Singh ji has always preferred Kolkota. It had been the venue for us in 1993, 1996 and 2010 as well,\" he said.Though the agenda of the two-day national executive is yet to be given final touches, the focus would be on the 2014 general elections and party's prospects in other states, he said.SP is the third largest party in the Lok Sabha with 23 MPs. Mulayam has set a target of 60-plus seats in the 2014 Lok Sabha polls to ensure that the party plays a pivotal role in formation of the next government at the Centre. The leaders plan to deliberate on the name and number of seats outside Uttar Pradesh, from where the party may field candidates in 2014. At present SP has one MLA each in Maharashtra and West Bengal.\"This apart, the meeting will also look into the performance of the Akhilesh Yadav government which will complete its first six months on September 15. Then there will discussions on the present political scenario in the country and various other dimensions of the 2014 general elections,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16290060", "title": "Students on the rampage after college girl dies on campus", "text": "Students of an engineering college in Gurgaon allegedly set ablaze a private college bus and vandalized over a dozen other vehicles within the campus. The violence was triggered by the death of a fellow student, Kshitija Babbar, who passed away on Wednesday afternoon after a cardiac arrest.According to the college principal, Dr B M K Prasad of Dronacharya College of Engineering located in Khetawaas (near Farrukhnagar), the incident occurred soon after a condolence meeting was held on Thursday morning to mourn the death of 18-year-old Kshitija Babbar.The II year Computer Science engineering student collapsed on the college campus soon after college hours on Wednesday around 3pm while walking towards the parked college bus. According to a classmate, she had approached the management earlier during the day seeking leave for the day. According to her friends , the management refused to grant her leave. Kshitija complained of uneasiness and as she walked towards the college bus after classes got over, she collapsed. When other students informed the management, instead of rushing her to a hospital, the management decided to administer first aid at the college medical centre, alleged an eyewitness.\"Since her condition seemed critical with no response, we decided to take her to a nearby local hospital. The doctors asked us to inform her relatives as her condition was sinking with feeble heartbeat detected. After her parents arrived, she was taken to Medanta hospital near Rajiv Chowk,\" said a classmate of the deceased.According to SHO, Farrukhnagar, Narendra Kumar, the doctors at Medanta declared her dead around 6.30pm on Wednesday. \"A postmortem was conducted on the deceased and the report confirmed death due to cardiac arrest. Her body was handed over to her parents, residents of Palam Vihar in Gurgaon, after the procedure. However, we have not registered an FIR so far since neither the parents nor the college management have approached us with a formal complaint,\" the SHO confirmed.The police was informed about the violence and reached the spot to bring the situation under control. \"We explained to the agitating students, who had by then done the damage, that Kshitija died as a result of a medical condition after which the students dispersed,\" said Kumar.According to Dr Prasad, who met the Babbars on Thursday evening at their Palam Vihar residence, the parents were in shock and never expected that their daughter could have died of a cardiac arrest. \"They are also unable to apprehend why some students took to violence and have pleaded that such incidents not be repeated,\" said Dr Prasad who added that the college extended full cooperation after coming to know of Kshitija's condition.A quote from Medanta hospital could not be obtained till the time of filing of this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16288931", "title": "Several towns face power cuts in new MSEDCL plan", "text": "NAGPUR: Several towns and villages in six districts of Nagpur revenue division, which did not have any load shedding in summer, are now facing power cuts ranging from 5.30 to 11 hours. Till August 22, the entire area was exempt from power cuts, but now 126 feeders of the 1,000-plus 11KV feeders are implementing the load-shedding programme. This has led to 9-hour power cuts at Kamptee, while Hingna town is facing 11 hours load-shedding.The power distribution company is enforcing the cuts to give shock treatment to consumers indulging in power theft and non-payment of bills. These consumers have refused to mend their ways even after the company launched several amnesty schemes. Rampant power theft in high loss areas is also one of the major reasons for high power tariff across the state.MSEDCL's Gadchiroli circle, whose jurisdiction is spread over Gadchiroli district and Bramhapuri region of Chandrapur district, has the maximum high loss feeders - 46. Gondia circle has 38 such feeders and Bhandara has 21. Rural areas of Nagpur district have seven such feeders. Wardha circle has only one high loss feeder. There are no high loss feeders in Congress Nagar division of the city, but there are several such feeders in the Spanco franchisee area. As MSEDCL has not applied the new methodology to the franchisee area, it is enjoying uninterrupted power supply.Before August 22, the duration of power cuts was determined on the basis of MSEDCL's division level distribution and collection losses (DCL). Now, the 11 KV feeder level losses are being taken into consideration.MSEDCL had categorized its divisions on the basis of DCL for determining the duration of power cuts. Divisions having less than 34% losses came under A, B and C categories and were exempt from power cuts. A division having losses between 34 and 42% came under D category and to face 5.30 hour daily power cut. For divisions with higher losses, the power cut duration was higher depending on further categories.MSEDCL has now categorized 11 KV feeders using the same methodology. From August 22, the category of the feeder, instead of division, is being taken into account for determining load shedding duration. Kamptee comes under jurisdiction of Nagpur I division. As the division's loss level was less than 34%, the town was exempt from power cuts in spite of having 56.3% losses. Now, it is facing a 9-hour power cut. Hingna town is facing 11 hours load-shedding as its losses are above 65%.A MSEDCL official told TOI that the prolonged power cuts in some divisions of Marathwada had forced consumers to stop pilferage and start paying bills regularly. \"We are confident that this will happen elsewhere too. We are ready to face public outrage. It subsides after a month or two, when consumers realize that they have to pay up to reduce duration of load-shedding,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288472", "title": "SS Rana new Central Board of Direct Taxes chief of vigilance", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior IRS officer S S Rana has been made in- charge of vigilance and personnel in the Central Board of Direct Taxes .At Rana's instance, some commissioners with proven track record have been appointed in prime posts in Mumbai, sources said. Those brought in are Shreekant Chatterjee, G S Singh, Usha Nair and T Sasikumar.In February, Rana was shifted to an insignificant post because he objected to some officers' names being considered for director general of investigation, Mumbai, sources said. Following his objections, the DG post was kept vacant for eight months. Of the contenders, Swatantra Kumar was appointed DG last week.\"Senior officers, chief commissioner T K Shah and Ahmedabad DG A K Jain were also considered. But Rana objected to Jain's appointment and the process was stalled.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16289640", "title": "Two chain snatchers held", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two offenders who were involved in 12 chain snatching offences were arrested at Lecturer's colony in Hayathnagar on Thursday.The duo was arrested when they were moving suspiciously on a bike. Police also recovered 22 tolas of gold from them.The Hayathnagar police said Gaddam Suresh and Gora Sai Prasad, both residents of Ramanthapur, had committed the offences with Gaddam Shiva Kumar. \"The trio used to target women near schools. They had committed snatching offences in Hayathnagar and Uppal police station limits,'' Hayathnagar inspector G Srinivas Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16289804", "title": "Indian eves jump to second spot", "text": "PUNE: Indian men continued to fumble at the chess Olympiad in Turkey on Wednesday. They only managed to draw their eighth round match against lower-rated Serbia 2-2.According to the webcast, K Sasikiran (Elo 2707) lost on the top board to Ivan Ivanisevic (2645) with white pieces. The crucial point was provided by G N Gopal, who played as Tuesday's winner and National champion Abhijeet Gupta was rested.P Harikrishna (2685) and Parimarjan Negi (2664) could only get half a point each against Perunovic (2614) and Dedlak (2549) respectively. Gopal (2550) beat higher-rated Popovic (2579). The draw against Serbia means India have 11 match points (just +3 score).Russia defeated reigning champions Ukraine on the top table to jump to 15 points.In the women's section, former Asian queen Tania Sachdev continued with her dream run as Indian eves roared back to medal contention with an easy 2.5-1.5 triumph over Vietnam to help the country share the second spot with Russia, France and Uzbekistan on 13 points. Tania defeated Le Kieu Thien Kim, while Mary Ann Gomes beat Pham Bich Ngoc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16291473", "title": "Hit by van, Class 12 boy dies; mom hurt", "text": "Chennai: A Class 12 student died early on Thursday and his mother was being treated for injuries after a speeding van hit them from behind on 100 Feet Road in Vadapalani on Wednesday evening. Police said R Saravanan and his mother Pichaiammal, who sells bangles in Vadapalani, were returning to their house on Bajanai Koil Street when the accident occurred. \"Saravanan was pushing his bicycle and his mother was manoeuvering the push cart along the busy road when a van carrying sawdust hit them,\" a police officer said. Saravanan was run over by the vehicle and his mother was knocked down. Passersby rushed them to a private hospital in Saligramam. Saravanan died of his injuries in the hospital in the early hours of Thursday . His mother Pichaiammal suffered injuries on the legs. Police arrested the van driver , John of New Washermenpet, for rash driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16289977", "title": "Nigerian dies in accidentat Calangute", "text": "CALANGUTE: A Nigerian national died of injuries sustained in a motorcycle accident on Tuesday night at Calangute.Calangute police said the Nigerian, Egun Friday Eniola, 31, was riding a scooter in a rash and negligent manner and was proceeding from Mapusa towards Calangute at around 10.30pm.When he reached near the Palmarinha Resort in Calangute, he dashed against a motorcycle being ridden byDiwakar Mishra, a resident of neighbouring Parra. As a result of the impact, Eniola fell on the road and suffered serious injuries. He was rushed to Asilo hospital in Mapusa where he later succumbed to his injuries. His body has been preserved in the morgue.Calangute police said he had been arrested twice in the past for overstaying in the country without valid documents. It isalso learnt that his passport is missing. Police registered an offence under Sections 279, 337, 304-A of the IPC. PSI Mahesh Gadekar is conducting further investigation in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16290023", "title": "Speed up works on riverfront project: Chief secretary", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP chief secretary, Javed Usmani on Thursday asked the officials to speed up the work on Gomti riverfront project. Presiding over a review meeting, Usmani said that a project report be prepared, so that it could be put forth before the chief minister.The report, he said, should also incorporate the suggestions and views of the public, especially on the stretches along Kudia Ghat, Pakka Pul in Daliganj, Hanuman Setu-Daliganj stretch, Hanuman Setu-Nishatganj stretch and Nishatganj-Gomti barrage stretch.Usmani said that the hydro-geological study of the area be conducted as soon as possible and a conceptual plan be prepared. The open spaces used optimally for construction of entertainment and development area.\"These spaces be used for construction of cycle track and other tourist hot spots, so that maximum number of people visit these places,\" he said and added that part of the funds sanctioned for other departments like urban development previously, be approved and included in the budget allocated for the project.The Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) will be the nodal agency for the project.It will coordinate with other departments for its timely execution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "16292622", "title": "'Open air' school sans books &amp; benches", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Children at an anganwadi centre in Jajpur district are forced to study under the open sky because of the lack of a building. Villagers at Nuadiha in Sukinda block alleged that the sorry state of affairs has been continuing since the centre opened two years ago.The villagers added that the school with 75 students lacks even basic facilities such as benches and adequate textbooks. \"We have approached the district administration several times to construct an anganwadi building, but to no avail. The children are forced to study and eat under a tree,\" said a villager.Several students complained that it was difficult to concentrate on their studies as the school was located adjacent to a busy main road. Moreover, teaching and learning is affected as both teachers and children are always at the mercy of the weather. Children and their teachers have no option but to close at the least threat of rain. \"Parents are not ready to send their wards to the centre. Many students have stopped attending classes during the monsoon,\" said Minati Parida, a teacher at the anganwadi centre.When apprised of the situation , child development project officer (Sukinda) Tilotoma Mohapatra said, \"Out of the 240 anganwadi centres in the block, only 45 have own building. As many as 51 are running on school premises while 111 centres are being managed by some village clubs. The anganwadi center at Nuadiha has no house at present. The authority will build a building for the center soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16290948", "title": "CBI FIR nails Darda bros' role in Coalgate", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has alleged that Congress MP Vijay Darda and his brother Rajendra Darda, education minister in Maharashtra , were actively involved in the affairs of the JLD Yavatmal , one of the firms accused in the Coalgate scam.The allegation in the FIR, exclusively accessed by TOI, enhances the alleged culpability of the siblings, potentially undercutting the alibi that non-executive directors distance themselves from controversial decisions. The charge also raises doubts on the fate of their political careers, although the CBI is yet to find documents with their signatures. Congress is likely to take a call on Rajendra's continuation in the government after party chief Sonia Gandhi's return on Friday.Vijay Darda's son Devendra was directly involved in the process of the allocation of coal blocks and represented accused companies in meetings of the screening committee that decided on allocation, besides overseeing affairs of two other companies of the group that are accused in Coalgate. The FIRs reveal Dardas and partner Manoj Jayaswal wrongly claimed that large financial institutions like IL&FS; and IDFC were partners in order to inflate their net worth and become eligible to bid for coal blocks.According to CBI, in their applications for coal blocks, JAS, JLD And AMR belonging to Dardas and Jayaswals claimed they were 'Special Purpose Vehicles' (SPV) of companies IL&FS;, IDFC, Inertia and Lokmat group. In fact, the FIR against JAS alleges the firm cited varying figures for its net worth on two occasions. \"JAS Infrastructure Capital Private Ltd (Kolkata) showed its net worth as Rs 812 crore in one instance and Rs 206 crore on another.\" As per coal ministry's guidelines, the applicant should have a net worth of Rs 50 lakh for each MW he wants to generate. JAS had applied for coal to feed a 1,200 MW plant, in Mahuagarhi coal block in Jharkhand. \"They claimed in application form that it was an SPV of Inertia and Infrastructure Leasing and Financial Services (IL&FS;), which was not the case,\" the FIR alleges.The FIR also alleges that the JAS Group of Companies withheld from the screening committee the fact that they were allotted seven coal blocks between 1999 and 2005. The second FIR against AMR Iron and Steel Private Ltd (Nagpur), owned by the Jayaswals with Devendra Darda also the firm director, says, \"They claimed it is an SPV of Lokmat and Infrastructure Leasing and Financial Services (IL&FS;). They showed their net worth as Rs 1,822 crore in the screening committee meet in which Darda was present . They put their own turnover at Rs 1.96 crore. \"They (group) did not disclose about 5 blocks they already had\" . In this case, CBI said, \"The company directors also mentioned about AMR that it was not part of Jayaswal group.\" The company was allocated block in Bander (Maharashtra).The FIR against JLD Yavatmal Energy Ltd (Nagpur), in which Vijay Darda and Rajendra Darda are named as accused along with Jayaswals, says, \"They mentioned Infrastructure Development Finance Company in their JV group and showed their net-worth as several\" . They got block in Fatehpur East ( Chhattisgarh ).TOI also accessed the other two FIRs against Vini Iron and and Navbharat Power. The FIR against Vini Iron (Kolkata) states, \"They showed 15 companies in their JV group having net worth of Rs 86 crore and turnover of Rs 768 crore. Inquiry revealed only six firms were in the group and Rs 37 crore was their original net worth, while only Rs 28 crore was the turnover.\" \"The owners of Vini also sold the company later,\" it adds.CBI sources say Vini had been given a negative feedback by Jharkhand government, headed by CM Arjun Munda at that time but once the company sold its stakes to Vijay Joshi, it got a favourable report. Madhu Koda was the CM then, and Joshi is his aide. The company got Rajhara North coal block.The FIR against Navbharat Power Private Ltd and its directors T T Prasad and Harish Chandra Prasad says, \"They wrongly mentioned that Globeleq ( Singapore ) in application, showing their net worth as Rs 307 crore and added Globeleq's net worth at Rs 1,778 crore. However, during presentation in the screening panel, they showed Suez Energy International (America) as their JV company mentioning Navbharat's net worth as Rs 307 crore and Suez's as Rs 105,740 crore\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16290434", "title": "Chinese TV to make docu on Super 30", "text": "PATNA: Anand Kumar's innovative Super 30 programme has acquired a global recognition as a Chinese TV channel, Chinese Central TV , is planning a 10-minute documentary on him and his Super 30 endeavour.The channel will also visit some of the neighbouring villages to shoot the film. This was disclosed by Jaibing Wang of the channel, while talking to TOI.\"In China, we also have poverty. But it is mostly the government, which takes up full responsibility of students from poor families by conducting special classes for them. What Anand Kumar is doing is different. It is all his initiative that poor children could make it to the prestigious IIT,\" Wang said.He further said people in China are aware of the Super 30 initiative. \"That's why we want to shoot the documentary on him. We want to tell our viewers all about Anand Kumar and his Super 30. It is a heart-touching story and people will appreciate it,\" he said.\"Last year, when he had come to China for few hours, we had an interview with him and few radio programmes were also recorded. But this is the first time we are here to make a detailed documentary,\" he said.Earlier, Japan, France, UK, Canada and various other countries had shot films on Anand's Super 30. Japan's famous NHK Channel producer Emiko Amagawa had come here in 2007 to make an hourlong documentary on Anand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16290689", "title": "Man who discovered River Hamza feted", "text": "KOZHIKODE: V M Hamza, a native of Kunnamangalam, made a name for himself in Brazil by discovering a subterranean river, 'Rio Hamza' (River Hamza), which was later named after him.Hamza, who is back in Kozhikode for the first time after his ground-breaking scientific feat, which was made public last year, was given a rousing civic reception in the city on Thursday.\"Kerala has had a long connection with Brazil and got many of its culinary favourites ranging from tapioca to cashew nut from that country. I am glad that I have been able to pay it back through the discovery of Rio Hamza,\" Hamza said in a lighter vein at the function.The River Hamza is a 6,000-km long underground river flowing some 4 km beneath the mighty Amazon River and is 300-km wide.\"It is like our Yamuna River flowing underneath the Amazon,\" he said giving the packed audience an idea of his sub-terrain discovery.The 71-year-old Hamza, who took his masters from Kerala University in 1964, landed in Brazil looking for a job in 1974 after earning his PhD from the West Ontario University in Canada. He secured a teaching job at the University of Sao Polo and is currently Professor Emeritus at the National Observatory in Rio de Janeiro.Hamza's discovery of the mega sub-surface river came about after he analyzed data from oil wells drilled by Petrobas in the Amazon region. The geo-thermal data revealed that the entire area under the Amazon region was much cooler that it should be, pointing to the existence of a sub-surface river.\"To confirm our findings we developed the world's smallest heat flow equipment and thermistor probe which could measure underground temperatures inside wells drilled in the Amazon region. We found that there were permeable rocks beneath the Amazon River and water from the river could penetrate up to 4 km deep.\" he said.Hamza said Rio Hamza had a much slower flow rate of 3,900 cubic metre per second compared to the two lakh cubic metre per second flow of the Amazon.District collector K V Mohan Kumar presented a memento to Dr Hamza at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16291359", "title": "TN ups fight against plastic waste", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu is determined to carry forward its fight against use of low quality plastic, considered an environmental hazard. One of the first states to ban use of plastic less than 40 microns thick, Tamil Nadu is now gearing up to ban use of plastic with a thickness of less than 60 microns. A legislation is in the offing to enforce the new standard. Only in February 2011, the Centre banned use of plastic with less than 40 microns across the country. Maharastra and Delhi have already banned plastic less than 60 microns thick, while Himachal Pradesh has prohibited use of plastic less than 70 microns. Concerned over plastic waste wreaking havoc with the environment, the AIADMK government, soon after assuming office in May 2011, announced an ambitious plan to fight the menace by imposing a ban on use of plastic carry bags made of virgin plastic or recycled plastic less than 60 microns thick. \"At the behest of the environment department , the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board has come out with a draft bill. It is being reviewed by the government. Recycling of plastic will be strictly regulated in future,\" said a senior government official . In an effort to get rid of plastic waste, the state even encouraged use of plastic waste to lay 450km of roads last year. But regulations have hardly helped, say environmentalists . They say banned plastic bags continue to flood markets. The ban is effective in very few districts like Nilgiris and Kanyakumari , they said. \"Hotels and shops continue to use throwaway plastic that is banned. Inefficient solid waste management leads to cattle eating trash, including plastic waste,\" said A Narayanan, a social activist , who moved the Madras high court in 2009 against the menace.Interestingly, the AIADMK government, in its previous tenure, made an attempt to bring a similar legislation , but shelved it soon after. Tamil Nadu Plastic Manufacturers' Association president S Ganesh said the government need not change the rules. It should maintain uniformity with other states. \"The problem of plastics can be solved at the handling stage itself , but we do not do that,\" he said. At least 4,000 tonnes of carry bags and throwaway plastics are manufactured in the state. A notification issued by the Union ministry of environment and forests in 2011 banned use of plastic sachets for storing, packing or selling tobacco and pan masala. \"Rules are never implemented . Unlike tourist spots like Ooty or Mammallapuram, plastic carry bags with less than 15 or 20 microns are freely available in the market,\" said V Srinivasan of Save Pallikaranai Marshland movement.\"Ultimately , they spoil the landfills ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16289183", "title": "\u2018Don\u2019t move offices to distant suburbs\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The employees' union at Mantralaya is likely to suggest that the state bring all the offices of its fire-ravaged administrative headquarters under one roof.In an internal meet of the union, it was agreed that some offices being scattered to different parts of the city was not just financially unviable for employees but was hurting their efficiency.There are talks of further decentralization of offices and shifting of some to the suburbs to make way for offices of the ministers, especially on the first and second floors.Chief secretary Jayant K Banthia, however, rubbished talk of moving offices to distant suburbs. \"Nobody has put anything in black and white where complaints over shifting are concerned,\" he said. \u2014Sharad Vyas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16288173", "title": "Oil depots in Mumbai put on terror alert", "text": "MUMBAI: An anonymous letter, which talks about a possible attack on the oil depots at the HPCL and BPCL refineries, has forced intelligence agencies to issue a terror alert. The Central Industrial Security Force has since beefed up security at the installations.Qauiser Khalid, additional CP (east), told TOI that the Chembur police had received an anonymous two-page letter in Hindi, which spoke of an attack on the oil refineries and gave details of some of the people involved.Since we don't want to take any chances, we have informed the state ATS, the intelligence bureau and the special branch about it. We have also reviewed our security.\"The security alert, based on the letter, states that three youngsters from Vasmat village of Aurangabad are planning to plant an explosives-laden car in the parking area of a sweet shop near HPCL and BPCL. The alert mentions the name of the sweet shop as also the fact that the three youngsters can speak Marathi and could target the oil refineries in the next one month. Following the threat, CISF has reviewed its security and heightened it, besides deploying additional forces.The eastern belt of Mumbai is one of India's most sensitive zones. The HPCL and BPCL refineries are adjacent to the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, which has been on high alert after an inter-state terror module was busted in Karnataka. Now it's the storage depots of these refineries that face a specific terror threat. Mumbai's HPCL and BPCL refineries produce over 20 million tons of fuel every year, and according to sources at any given time have a storage of over 20 lakh kilolitres of petrol, diesel, kerosene and several other fuel products.Sources said that such alerts and information about possible terror attacks have been consistently coming in. The state ATS, two and a half years ago, arrested two persons for allegedly planning to set the ONGC headquarters on fire. Sources said that in January last year, the Intelligence Bureau, after inspecting the HPCL refinery, put out an alert about various security measures. Arrested terror suspect David Coleman Headley , who made nine visits to India during 2006 to 2009, had identified a large number of sensitive establishments, which included BARC and the oil installations. Another IB alert in May this year had spoken about the threat from the terror outfit Lashkar-e-Taiba to the oil refineries at Jamnagar and Bhatinda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16289566", "title": "TJAC to start protests on September 9", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the UPA cool to their separate state demand, Telangana JAC on Thursday urged the people of Telangana to take to the streets with the slogan 'Intiko Manishi, chetiko janda' and take up series of protest programmes starting on September 9 that would culminate in 'Chalo Hyderabad' on September 30 in a bid to re-launch the agitation for a separate state.The steering committee of Telanagana JAC that met on Thursday decided to revive the agitation and charted out a series of protests that would start with a public rally at Manikyeswara Nagar on September 9.It will be followed by campaigns at divisional level, and a public rally in Karimnagar on September 16.\"Since we did not get any signal from the Centre, we are forced to re-launch the agitation and the protest will start on September 9,\" said Swamy Goud, convener of TJAC.Telangana leaders including chairman of TJAC M Kodandaram, chairman of Telangana non-gazetted officers (TNGO) Deviprasad Rao and general secretary of TNGO Ravindra Reddy took part in the steering committee meeting.Meanwhile, Byreddy Rajashekara Reddy, who formed the Rayalaseema Rashtra Samithi (RRS) urging for a separate Rayalsaeema state, announced on Thursday that he would take out a 'padayatra' and that leaders of the Rayalaseema Joint Action Committee (RJAC) would meet on Friday in Hyderabad to chart out a plan for agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kapurthala", "code": "16293200", "title": "SAD MLA Bibi Jagur Kaur returns to jail after ending her parole term", "text": "KAPURTHALA: Former minister and sitting MLA Bibi Jagir Kaur has returned to Kapurthala jail after ending her parole term of four weeks. She returned to the jail on Thursday evening.Bibi was released on parole for four weeks on August 8 after spending over four months in jail. She is undergoing rigorous imprisonment for five years for the death of her pregnant, unmarried daughter Harpreet Kaur in year 2000. She was convicted and sentenced in the last week of March by a CBI court of Patiala. Right from her landing at Kapurthala jail when VIP treatment to her hit headlines in the national media Bibi's stay remained mired under controversies.A day after her release on parole she got elected SAD's President of Bholath Nagar Panchayat on Thursday as her presence was crucial to complete the quorum of 50% councillors. SAD had 6 out of 13 member strong Nagar Panchayat and Bibi is ex-officio member. Even as seven members - of Congress, one independent and one of BJP - stayed away from the election meeting Bibi's presence helped to elect President and vice president from SAD. On the same day she also participated in election of presidents of Nagar Panchayats of Begowal and Dhilwan.Her bail application is also pending in Punjab and Haryana High Court while two co-accused in the case had already been granted bail by the HC and they had spent time in custody before conviction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16289015", "title": "Rebuked caught smoking, 17-yr-old boy commits suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: On Wednesday while students and teachers celebrated Teacher's Day, around midnight a 17-year-old city boy committed suicide. Caught smoking on Monday by a teacher, Akshay Lokhande and his four friends had been suspended from Dinanath High School and Junior College which is located in Dhantoli.Akshay, who was a student of minimum competency vocational course, jumped into a well near his Joshiwadi residence in Ajni area. Though no suicide note was found, his parents, Sudarshan and Julie, alleged that Akshay took the extreme step as he was depressed on being suspended for six months.Sudarshan claimed that Anjali Vadatkar, the lecturer who caught the students smoking, \"insulted Akshay in front of Julie and other parents in the college on Tuesday\". \"He was also slapped by the management head Tripti Ghosh. My wife too was insulted by the teachers,\" said Sudarshan who is a conductor with a private travels. Akshay has a 3-year-old younger sister Pranjal.Lokhande has given a written complaint to the police charging four people for abetting Akshay's suicide. Apart from Vadatkar, he has named principal Bhavani Sen, another lecturer Roshan Nasre and Ghosh.On the day of the incident, Vadatkar was intercepted by a group of masked boys, near Ajni police station, while she was heading home. \"The youths threatened her not to make a complaint,\" said Ghosh. As Vadatkar couldn't identify them, she didn't file a police complaint but only informed Sen about the incident later in the night.Akshay's friends, who were also suspended, claimed that Vadatkar and Nasre do not behave politely with students. \"Often they slap students and insult them in the class,\" said one of them.The college authorities claimed they were forced to take strict action as the boys had threatened Vadatkar.The incident took place on Monday around 4pm. Akshay and his friends, Izaz Qureshi, Tushar Mendhe, Vishal Jain and Saurabh Choudhary - all in uniform - were smoking on the playground presuming no one was in the college as it winds up at 2.30pm. Seen leaving the college in a car, they returned after partying in a friend's room to pick up their bikes.Vadatkar, who was leaving, reprimanded the four when she spotted them smoking. While the others fled, she managed to catch hold of Jain and took him to the principal.The teachers felt that Jain was in an inebriated state. \"We were shocked as he was foul-smelling and unable to talk coherently. We contacted his parents but they didn't respond and hence we called his elder sister,\" said Ghosh. Jain was then let off with a warning.On Tuesday morning, Sen called the parents of all the five boys for a meeting where Vadatkar, Ghosh and Nasre too were present. Akshay's friends claimed that besides complaining about their studies and conduct in the class, the teachers also insulted their parents.\"Angry at Akshay's behaviour, Julie snatched his mobile and bike key, and walked out from the meeting,\" said Ghosh. She claimed that it was Akshay who was \"insulting\" Vadatkar and the teacher only tried to restrain him by holding his hand.The management head said that the suspension letters have not been handed over to the parents. \"We only took an undertaking from them that such behaviour from their wards will not be tolerated. The parents were told not to send the boys to college for a few days,\" said Ghosh.Claiming that the college only intended to \"teach the boys a lesson\", Ghosh said, \"We were willing to taken them back with an apology.\"On Wednesday, Akshay left home in the afternoon after informing his mother that he doesn't want to study any more and was going out to seek a job. He came back in the evening, had dinner and left again, this time to never return.Sudarshan and Akshay's friends protested outside the police station for immediate action. The police have taken the statement of the college authorities. A case of accidental death has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "16289871", "title": "Locals meet dy collector", "text": "KERI: Mining affected Panshem villagers on Thursdaymet deputy collector Narayan Gad and requested him to take necessary action on a memorandum they submitted on August 21.Aggrieved villagers have complained about the bad state of the road from Pali to Panshem due to mining transportation and demanded that it be repaired immediately. Apart from this, villagers are also facing problems due to air pollution and congestion by trucks on the road which turns muddy during the monsoon.Panshem village comes under the Pissurlem village panchayat. Social activists Hanumant Parab, Arjun Fati Gawade and others met the deputy collector and briefed him about the grievances.Speaking to TOI, Gad said, \"I have sent a letter to the Chowgule mining company to submit a compliance report within 15 days on the memorandum submitted by Panshem villagers. I will call both parties in the office and necessary directives will be given for solving the grievances of the villagers.\" Parab alleged , \"Bicholim police inspected the road on a Sunday when there were no mining vehicles.\"Bicholim DySP Gajanan Prabhudesai said, \"I will direct police to inspect the Pali to Panshem road again on a working day and submit a report on their findings.\"The manager of Chowgule's Pali mine R B Singh said, \"As the road is inside the mining area, it is muddy mainly during the rainy season. We have already employed labourers for monitoring and cleaning the road since it is used by Panshem villagers for the last 30-40 years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16290410", "title": "HC seeks reply for allowing bajri mining against new rules", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government is again in the dock for allowing mining of bajri (riverbed sand) allegedly in violation of SC directives. On the basis of a public interest litigation filed in this regard, the Rajasthan High Court has sought a clarification from the government and its mining department within seven days.An NGO, Nature Club of Rajasthan, has accused the government of continuing with the old system of bajri mining even though the rules governing sand quarries have been amended in accordance with the SC guidelines. It is alleged that the mining department's notification of June 21 this year has neutralized the amended rules in favour of the illegal bajri miners. The notification says till the time bajri leases were identified and permits reissued as per the amended rules, the miners could continue the excavation work and pay royalty to the state as per the old system, the NGO alleged in court. The division bench of Chief Justice Arun Kumar Mishra and Justice NK Jain (senior) has directed additional advocate general SN Kumawat to get the government reply on the allegation. As per the petition, bajri excavation has been allowed to resume even though the department was yet to identify stretches where mining could be permitted along the riverbed. \"No measures have been taken to ensure that miners will not dig beyond 33 meters,\" petitioner's counsel Ashok Gaur said. Moreover, leases have been renewed till 2014 even in cases where environmental clearances have not been sought.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16290669", "title": "Unclaimed bag keeps cops on their toes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An unclaimed bag outside a five-star hotel created chaos hours before the chief minister's event in the city. Teams of dog squad and bomb detection and disposal squad ( BDDS) were called upon the spot. When it was found that the bag actually belonged to one of the guests at the event, the city police heaved a sigh of relief.The cops were not taking any chances as the inauguration of the three-day event was to take place in the presence of chief minister Narendra Modi at 9 am on Thursday and many foreign delegates were also present at the venue.\"At 6 am, we got a call that there is an unclaimed bag outside the hotel entrance. We immediately sent teams to the spot and cordoned off the area. After the primary investigation, they declared the bag safe after which it was opened. It was then revealed that the bag belonged to a German national who was a guest of the hotel,\" said a senior police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16290205", "title": "Sibal accuses Jaitley of doublespeak", "text": "New Delhi: HRD minister Kapil Sibal on Thursday accused leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley of doublespeak, saying that as a minister in the NDA government he had opposed stalling of Parliament.Addressing the media, Sibal said Jaitley raised the very same arguments that Congress has in opposing the BJP's blockade of Parliament over 'coalgate'. Just like the Congress, the BJP leader had argued that a discussion in Parliament would clear the air over an audit report allegedly faulting purchase of coffins for military personnel.\"In 2001, Jaitley said the opposition arguments would be exposed if there was a discussion in Parliament. We are saying the same today. That if the coal allocations were discussed, the BJP's campaign will be exposed as a tissue of lies,\" Sibal said.The minister said BJP's claims that it was disrupting proceedings in Parliament as Congress's majority will ensure a discussion will end without the government being forced to act on an alleged scam was an anti-democratic argument. \"How can BJP say that because the ruling coalition has a majority in the public accounts committee, discussions in the panel will be subverted,\" the minister said.Sibal distributed three sets of documents, including minutes of the coal ministry's exit interview with the CAG report on coal allocations. He said minutes clearly show that loss or benefit figures are intended to be illustrative and not be the centerpiece of the CAG report. He also said he did not think an FIR filed against Maharashtra minister Rajendra Darda was reason enough for a resignation. He said \"any one can file an FIR\", even when reminded that in the case at hand it was the CBI that is probing the coal allocations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16293586", "title": "Kerala to host global education meet: P K Abdu Rabb", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state would soon host a global education meet, said education minister P K Abdu Rabb on Thursday.He was speaking on the sidelines of the scholarship distribution for higher studies instituted by the Kerala State Higher Education Council (KSHEC). The minister said that preparations for the meet are in the pipeline. \"The government is in consultation with vicechancellors of universities in state and education specialists regarding the conduct of the meet,\" he said.Meanwhile, sources in the education department said that the idea was still in a budding stage and no solid proposal has been framed yet. The previous UDF government had conducted a global education meet in 2005 in Kochi.The minister said that the recommendations made by the Hridayakumari Committee to revamp the choicebased credit and semester system (CBCSS), which was submitted to the government, would be seriously considered. \"All recommendations made by the committee will be seriously considered by the government and those which can be implemented will be done immediately,\" he said. The report was submitted to the minister at the function.The minister took potshots at the universities in the state saying that they were delaying many of their duties like conduct of the exams, evaluation and declaration of results. \"The universities are not doing things in a time-bound manner, which will affect the future of the students,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16290572", "title": "Gas leak disrupts traffic on e-way for five hours", "text": "PUNE: Traffic on the Pune-Mumbai expressway was disrupted for over five hours following leakage of LPG from a tanker at Khandala on Thursday afternoon. Vehicles were diverted to the old Pune-Mumbai highway till the situation was brought under control around 5 pm.Sub-inspector Santosh Vairagade of Khandala police station said, \"A truck going towards Mumbai on Pune-Mumbai expressway crossed the road divider and brushed against the LPG tanker (MH 06 K 9041) of Hindustan Petroleum Company Limited ( HPCL ) that was going towards Pune due to which the duct pipe of the tanker was damaged and gas began to leak at 11.50 am. Experts had to be called in to control the situation.\"He said, \"The traffic was stopped and diverted to the Pune-Mumbai highway. The traffic coming from Mumbai and heading towards Pune was diverted to the old highway before Borghat. Traffic coming from Pune and heading towards Mumbai was diverted to the old highway at Lonavla.\" Vairagade said that due to the sudden increase in volume, there were traffic jams on the old highway and traffic moved at slow pace.The fire engines of Lonavla and Khopoli municipal councils as well as that of INS Shivaji reached the spot to conduct relief operations. Navnath Kalokhe, an official from the IRB control room, said that 75% of the gas had leaked before the experts reached the spot.Lonavla Municipal Council (LMC) run Khandala secondary school, which is located close to the spot where the gas leak took place, was closed and students were sent home as a precautionary measure. The police issued directives to people residing in around one-kilometer radius of the spot not to light any fire or switch on the lights as there was a gas leak.Vairagade said, \"Announcements were made through loud speakers mounted on vehicles. Policemen from the city and rural police also assisted us in controlling the traffic. The traffic on the expressway resumed around 5 pm. Senior police and municipal council officials also visited the spot.\" He said, there was no need to evacuate people as the gas was not harmful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16290000", "title": "Witnesses inconsistent: Sajjan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress leader Sajjan Kumar , facing trial in a 1984 anti-Sikh riots case, on Thursday argued in a Delhi court that there were inconsistencies in statements of witnesses who, he said, had tried to \"frame\" him.Kumar's counsel I U Khan told district judge J R Aryan that several witnesses, including complainant Jagdish Kaur, said one thing before judicial commissions set up to probe riot cases, but changed their statements before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16290447", "title": "Govt says 'issues resolved', but doctors continue strike", "text": "JAIPUR: The agitating resident doctors of six medical colleges in Rajasthan decided to continue with their mass leave even though the state government claimed that they had resolved all the issues on Thursday. The resident doctors were demanding that Rajasthan University of Health Sciences vice-chancellor Rajababu Panwar issue directions on maintaining the old pattern of examination in the PG course.Health minister A A Khan, medical education principal secretary Mukesh Sharma and representatives of the resident doctors held a meeting on Thursday on all three issues which were the basis of the protest leave by the resident doctors. After the meeting, Khan appealed to the resident doctors to join duty. He said all their demands have been accepted.Medical education principal secretary Mukesh Sharma said that their demand of conducting PG examination without amendment in the old pattern has been accepted. He said, \"I don't know why they (resident) are not getting back to work even though we have accepted all their demands.\"On the second demand relating to the salaries, the education department said that within seven days the stipend would be credited in the accounts of the in-service resident doctors. The doctors were demanding salaries for the last seven years. They claimed that for the last seven months they (in-service resident doctors) have not received salaries.The department claimed that they had also accepted the third demand. On July 8, a resident doctor and attendant of a patient had clashed. The resident doctors were demanding arrest of the person involved in the fight. The department said that they have directed the Udaipur collector to investigate the matter.However, the resident doctors have not decided to join the duties as they are demanding a letter of direction on the change of pattern of PG exam from RUHS. Jaipur association of resident doctors ( JARD) president Dr Prahlad Dhakar said, \"We accept that that the government has responded positively to our demands. But, we need a letter on the change of examination pattern of PG examination from RUHS. Also, we want arrest of the person involved in a scuffle in Udaipur's medical college on July 8. We will resume duties only after these two demands are completely met.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16294248", "title": "Salman Khan is my friend for life: Preity Zinta", "text": "In Bollywood where actors struggle at times to build friendly equations with colleagues, actress Preity Zinta insists that Salman Khan is her \"friend for life\" because he has always stood by her through thick and thin.\"It is unfair to praise a person only when he is doing well. I have seen Salman through all the phases of his life and my life. Even when I had the IPL cases, financial pressure, Salman was the only guy who stood by my side. It meant a lot to me,\" Preity said in an interview.Salman and Preity share a great camaraderie. The duo has worked in quite a few films together like 'Hard Dil Jo Pyaar Karega', 'Chori Chori Chupke Chupke', 'Dil Ne Jise Apna Kaha', 'Heroes' and 'Jaa-E-Mann'.\"It was easy for people to speculate that we are part of a scam. At one point we had to pay Rs 100 crore in a week. He (Salman) was the only person who offered to be there and help me financially and whichever way possible,\" Preity said while appreciating the actor.\"Thank god I did it myself. The point is nobody else did. For me he is my friend for life. People who support you when you need the most, that is friendship and not when you are rocking,\" she said.Both of them share a good chemistry on and off screen as well and Preity says it is because they are comfortable with each other.\"We are genuinely comfortable with each other. I have great chemistry with all my co-stars. If you don't have any kind of affairs with anyone, your chemistry is fabulous as you are doing your job,\" she said.In 2009, Preity made a special appearance for Salman in his and Kareena Kapoor starrer ' Main Aur Mrs Khanna' and now it's the 'Dabangg' Khan's turn to return the favour by doing a peppy Punjabi dance number in Preity's upcoming film 'Ishkq in Paris', which also marks her debut as a producer and writer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16290659", "title": "Kozhikode road project work to get rolling in March", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city road improvement project would start rolling next March, Dr M K Muneer, minister for social welfare and panchayats, who chaired the review meeting of the ambitious Rs 401 crore project at the collectorate, said here on Thursday.He said the project, which will upgrade seven major city roads to international standards, had been accorded top priority.\"The government is throwing its entire weight behind the project. Land acquisition has to be completed on time and hence the acquisition team will be provided more officials, including surveyors and clerical staff. We have directed revenue officials to complete the process within the deadline,\" he said.Providing an update on the status of the work undertaken on the seven roads, Muneer said land had been acquired for the 4.7km Karaparamba-Kalluthankadavu Road, the 2.7km Vellimadukunnu-Kovoor Road and the 600-metre Stadium-Puthiyara Road and handed over to the PWD.Acquisition for one-third of the 3.38km Gandhi Road-Mini Bypass has also been completed. The rest will be completed before September 30. The land for the expansion of the 8.44km Panathuthazham-CWRDM Road would be acquired by November 30, the minister added.Administrative sanction has been given for the 2.34km Pushpa Junction-Mankavu Road and land for it will be acquired through negotiated purchase within two months.Authorities have set February 2013 as the deadline for completing the land acquisition for the 8.4km Mananchira-Vellimadukunnu Road.The minister said the road works would be tendered as a single package. A monitoring committee comprising the minister, A Pradeep Kumar MLA and corporation authorities will monitor the progress of the work once every month.ROB at AlakapuriMeanwhile, the Roads and Bridges Development Corporation (RBDC) has prepared the design and estimate for the railway over-bridge on the P T Usha Road to be built at a cost of Rs 32 crore.RBDC managing director Muhammed Haneesh presented the design of the ROB to corporation deputy mayor P T Abdul Latheef at the review meeting. The land acquisition for the ROB will cost Rs 14 crore. RBDC had prepared the design as directed by a five-member committee appointed by chief minister Oommen Chandy .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16290201", "title": "Parties bank on spirited campaign", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Despite stringent security at Panjab University, there has been free flow of liquor inside the campus. And this has been possible because the student leaders have been one up on the police and had stocked up on liquor much in advance. So now they are keeping voters in 'high spirits', without having to worry about procuring liquor.According to sources, around six cases of Indian made foreign liquor (IMFL) are being consumed on an average on a daily basis in secret get-togethers, which are organized in boys' hostels during late night hours. The liquor is also being supplied to day scholars. Besides, senior students, student bodies are also wooing first-time voters through liquor.\"Liquor bottles are being supplied right in hostel rooms, in open spaces and also in parking areas on the campus. There are no cops or checks during late night hours and students also keep things quite. Yes, there is strictness but \"daru\" parties are on every night in all boys hostels,\" a student leader, requesting anonymity, told TOI.Another student, who studies at the law department, told TOI, \"We are smart enough to escape the eye of police when it comes to booze parties. Moreover, we all are grown-ups and there is nothing wrong in drinking on our own but this year police is very strict. Such parties also give us a chance to gather in groups to discuss the next day's strategy.\"Anticipating strict checks on movement of vehicles as the poll date drew nearer, leaders of student groups had stocked liquor cases at secure places inside the campus, well in advance, so that they didn't have to buy these from liquor vends on the university's periphery. That is why unlike previous years, when student leaders used to buy liquor from there, this year liquor shops adjoining PU have not seen any surge in sale during polls.However, despite this illegal activity going on right under their nose, police have not seized even a single liquor bottle. Ashish Kapoor, deputy superintendent of police (central), told TOI, \"We have not seized any liquor from the campus and we have also not come across any such activity or any party happening on the campus. We would, however, look into the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16295369", "title": "Countdown begins for India's 100th space mission", "text": "CHENNAI: The countdown for the launch of PSLV-C21 started at the Satish Dhawan Space Centre at Sriharikota, 100km north of Chennai, at 6.51am today. The rocket carrying French remote sensing satellite SPOT-6 and a Japanese satellite Proiteres will blast off at 9.51am on Sunday.An Isro statement said the launch authoristion board for PSLV-C21, which met on Wednesday at Sriharikota cleared the launch at the designated time. The Sunday launch will mark Isro's 100th space mission. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will witness the landmark mission of Isro which launched its first satellite 'Arybhata' in 1975.\"The 51-hour countdown commenced at 6:51am on Friday. During the countdown, propellant-filling operations of the liquid propellant second stage (PS2) and fourth stage (PS4) of the launch vehicle will be carried out. Mandatory checks on the launch vehicle and spacecraft will be carried out.Also, charging of batteries and pressurisation of propellant tanks onboard the satellite will be performed. Readiness of various ground systems such as tracking radar systems and communication networks will also be ascertained,\" the statement said. PSLV-C21 will inject the 720kg SPOT-6 and 15kg Proiteres satellites into an orbit of 655 km altitude at an inclination of 98.23 deg. PSLV, which was used for Chandrayaan-1 in October, 2008, has so far had 20 consecutively successful launches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "16289962", "title": "Retired soldiers want special government package", "text": "BICHOLIM: Retired military colonel captain Dattaram Sawant has called upon the state and central government authorities to provide a special package for retired soldiers from Goa as well as other states.He was addressing a gathering during a special meeting of retired soldiers at Ayodhya-Bordem in Bicholim recently. Retired soldiers Sitaram Pal, Shashikant Faldesai, Pandurang Morajkar, Jagannath Shetkar and Bal Pal were present.\"We are also ready to fight for the cause of nation even today as the same is heading towards regression due to rising trend in terrorist activities\" said Faldesai. \"The politicians heading the nation are confused as there is no unity among themselves as a result of which there is no certain path for our nation to emerge as a superpower and hence unity of all retired soldiers from Goa for sharing good thoughts for the cause of the nation plays a vital role\" said Pal.Retired soldiers froBicholim will meet on Sunday at Ayodhya at 10am to decide the future course of action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16289412", "title": "13 in fray for DUSU president", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the deadline for withdrawal of nominations passed on Thursday, campaigning for Delhi University Students' Union elections started on a celebratory note, with sloganeering for and garlanding of candidates. While Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad candidates gathered at their customary position near the Vivekananda Statue in North Campus' Arts Faculty, those backed by National Students' Union of India led a procession through the campus in an open jeep.The office of the chief election officer of DUSU issued a list of eligible candidates remaining after withdrawal of nominations. Of the 38 candidates in the fray for four DUSU posts, 13 will contest for president, seven for vice-president, nine for secretary and nine others for joint-secretary. ABVP is fielding Dhananjay Choudhary for the president's post against NSUI's Arun Hooda. Neha Nikita is All India Students' Association's presidential candidate.There are nine women candidates in the fray, six of them for president. For the second straight year, neither ABVP nor NSUI has fielded women candidates for the top post. Most of the candidates are from the first year undergraduate or postgraduate courses. Caste politics is also evident in the choice of candidates.In all, there were 130 nominations, and after the withdrawals, three were cancelled. With the campaigning to gain momentum now, the election office has reminded candidates that they can be accompanied by not more than four students and colleges have been asked to monitor this. Votes will be polled on September 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16291400", "title": "I was forced to sign on blank paper, says Shivali suicide witness", "text": "JALANDHAR: Ram Tirath, an \"eyewitness,\" who had claimed that Shivali had died after accidentally falling on the railway track, has now revealed that he was forced to sign on a blank piece of paper by Govt Railway Police personnel and given Rs 20 for the same.Shivali, 19, had committed suicide by throwing herself in front of a moving train after she was \"caught\" by cops and clicked by photojournalists at a police checkpoint in Jalandhar on August 30.The GRP had refused to register a case of suicide and has been claiming that Shivali's death was an accident.Speaking to TOI on Thursday, Ram Tirath, 26, a labourer-resident of Baba Sangat Singh Colony, has contradicted what has been attributed to him by GRP in the case registered under section 174 of CrPC.\"I was returning from my work, after having a drink. A girl was standing on the opposite side of the track, talking on her mobile phone and with her face covered. Suddenly she came before the train which was very near and before anyone could react, the train ran over her and we saw her mutilated body after the train passed. I covered her face with a cloth. Soon, GRP men came and asked me to accompany them,\" Ram Tirath said.\"They took me to police station where the girl's brother had also come and then asked me to sign a paper on which they had written something. I refused to sign and asked them to let me read it or they read it over to me. I was reluctant. But then, every policeman around me asked me to sign the paper and I signed under duress,\" recalled Ram Tirath, a daily wager working as Palledar (who loads or unloads trains and vehicles).\"After I signed, a policeman gave me Rs 20 saying that I would now be able to take a rickshaw to go home. I refused to take the money but then he and other policemen pressed and I accepted the money,\" he said.\"It was only in the morning next day (Friday) that I learned that Shivali had committed suicide over accosting by police and photographed by some photojournalists and that I have been made an eyewitness,\" Ram Tirath said, recalling the horror he witnessed, of the girl ending her life under a train.\"I was not in Jalandhar and in my absence, men from GRP police station came to my home and asked my parents about my whereabouts,\" he said.\"We told them that Ram Tirath was not here. Then the policemen took my thumb impression on a blank paper and also got signatures of my wife on a blank paper. Then they took me to police station also where police officials asked me about Ram Tirath's whereabouts,\" said Tirath's father Makhan Lal, a rickshaw puller.Makhan Lal said that police personnel had procured the papers from a nearby shop.\"They visited our house thrice. I feel harassed. I apprehend that they would now pressurize me to term it an accident. I have not gone to work for three days and remain apprehensive that police would do something wrong with me,\" Ram Tirath said.The GRP had claimed that according to Ram Tirath, Shivali was behind him when her one foot got entangled in the track and she fell on the track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16293961", "title": "Britney made the first move: Jason Trawick", "text": "Britney Spears' fiance Jason Trawick has revealed that the singer put herself out there to take their friendship to the next level.\"It was kind of one of those things where she moved, like, turned around, so we were face-to-face, and then ...\" the Daily Mail quoted Trawick as telling Elle magazine.But before he could give any more details on their relationship, the 'Toxic' singer interrupted him, and said, \"Okay, that's enough information, sweetie. It was sweet, just say that.\"Spears got engaged to Trawick last December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16289365", "title": "Civic body to reconsider water cut", "text": "NASHIK: With the revival of monsoon, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) is likely to reconsider the ongoing water cut imposed in the city, soon.The decision to withdraw the water cut would be taken at a meeting between NMC officials and their counterparts in the Water Resources Department that handles release of water from the Gangapur dam. A meeting is likely to be held on Friday. The delay in monsoon had led the NMC administration to enforce water cut in all six divisions of NMC from June 19. Since then, the water cut is still being continued in the limits of NMC.Standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse said, \"We are planning to conduct a meeting with the officials of the irrigation department to review water reservoirs in Gangapur dam, the main source of drinking water. The decision on the present water cuts will be taken thereafter in the next three-four days.\"The revival of monsoon has increased the water level in Gangapur dam. The water level in the Gangapur dam has increased by 3,326 Million Cubic Feet (MCFT) to 3,907 MCFT in the past month-and-a-half since July 15. The NMC has imposed a 15 to 20% water cuts in the city in all six divisions of NMC Water is being supplied once a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16289261", "title": "3 buffaloes die in river, autopsy report awaited", "text": "NASHIK: Three buffaloes were found dead on Thursday morning in the Godavari river below Asarambapu Bridge and have been sent for post-mortem on the instistence of animal activists. The owners claim excess water drowned them and expect compensation from the civic body, while corporators have decided to wait for the post-mortem report.The owner of the buffaloes, Deepak Shinde said, \"Ten buffaloes from Anandvalli were carried away at 10am by the water released by the irrigation department. We rescued seven with the help of an earthmover closeby, but three got carried away and entangled in the water hyacinth which resulted in their death.\"At 11am, corporator Vikrant Mate (NCP) got a call from one of the residents of Anandvalli, following which NMC chairman Uddhav Nimse, corporators Dinkar Patil (Congress) and Mate reached the spot . The carcasses were entangled in the water hyacinth.Executive Engineer of the WRD (irrigation), A N Mhaske, said that water from the dam had not been released for over a month.Nimse said that an inquiry would be conducted and if the NMC is found responsible, the owners would be compensated. Mate questioned the NMC's drive to remove water hyacinth and Nimse said that he would direct the NMC to restart the work.Animal activist Hrishikesh Nazre, however, pointed out that if the buffaloes had drowned at 10am, it was not possible for the carcasses to bloat and float in a matter of few hours. He insisted on post-mortem and autopsy of the animals which was agreed by Nimse and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16290001", "title": "Rural health sector set to get a booster dose", "text": "LUCKNOW: After getting delayed for more than five years, the rural health infrastructure in state may witness some improvement as the health and family welfare department has finally decided to link local health streams - Ayurveda , Unani, Sidha and Homeopathy (AYUSH) - with the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM). The move allows hiring of AYUSH practitioners and purchase of medicines used in these streams at district-level to provide basic minimum health facilities, which at present are in poor state due to shortage of qualified allopathy doctors.In fact, one of the main objective of the NRHM, when launched in 2005, was to revitalize AYUSH, which was traditionally a part of the public health system in rural areas earlier but gradually declined with time. While the AYUSH was introduced in many parts of the country, the objective remained unfulfilled in UP for five years.However, now, as per the provisions of the NRHM, the AYUSH medications would be included in the drug kit of ASHA (accredited social health activist), who creates awareness about health related issues among rural masses. Further, the drugs supplied to health facilities such as primary and community health centers (CHC and PHC) will also include AYUSH medication. Also, in a CHC, two rooms would be provided for AYUSH practitioner and pharmacist as per norms. Moreover, single doctor PHCs would be upgraded to two doctor centres by inducting AYUSH practitioner.The previous government initiated appointment of AYUSH doctors but the effort was marred by the shadow of the scam. \"The problem areas have been addressed and we are heading in the right direction,\" said, NRHM, Mukesh Meshram who has recently issued orders regarding coordination of work for taking AYUSH to the rural areas. This comes a week after the state government formed an elaborate policy for AYUSH which includes its activities and coordinates procurement of medicines.Sources said that till now, there was no specific policy for procurement of alternatives medicines despite strong recommendations from the ministry of health. As per the policy, medicines would be procured at the district level by a committee comprising chief medical officer as member secretary, and district homeopathy officer, regional ayurvedic or unani officer, finance officer at CMO officer and district programme manager NRHM as members. As head of the district healthy committee, district magistrate would be the head of the said committee.The policy has enlisted certain mandatory conditions to be followed for procurement of medicines. The committee should be ensured that at least 60% of the formulations are classical formulation while not more than 40% of the medicines should be patented or proprietary medicines. The committee would be liable to ensure procurement of quality products. For this, the members will have to see that samples from the each batch of the medicine being supplied for government use should be cleared for quality by labs approved by national accredited board for testing and calibrations laboratories or government quality labs.The committee must see that the medicines are procured from manufacturers and not from firms that market it. The price of the medicines should be at par or lower than what is mentioned in employees state insurance corporation, central government health scheme, Tamil Nadu medical services corporation or central government agencies. The committee will also see that the shelf life of the medicines should be at least 75% from the date of procurement. Also, date of manufacturing should not be older than six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16294624", "title": "Allari Naresh\u2019s Sudigadu crosses 1 crore in USA", "text": "Allari Naresh's Sudigadu has got great openings in USA where the film was released in more than 30 centres. Fresh trade reports say that Sudigadu gross collections have crossed 200000 USD (around Rs. 1.1o crores). Report further add that Sudigadu stats are the best ever figures for an Allari Naresh film in overseas. The film was also released in UK, Canada, Australia, Middle East, etc. to a great response. Sudigadu collected a gross of 100000 USD in the first three days itself and was able to sustain the collections. The trailers and poster designs have generated great buzz among the film buffs and exhibitors. Excited by the reports from all corners, recently superstar Rajinikanth also watched the film at his residence via digital screening in Chennai and thoroughly enjoyed it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-07"}
