{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17526126", "title": "Poachers kill rhino at Orang National Park", "text": "GUWAHATI: After a gap of almost eight months, poachers killed a female rhino at Rajiv Gandhi Orang National Park, about 150 km from here, on Thursday.The pachyderm was killed near the Amulya anti-poaching camp. However, poachers failed to take away the following prompt retaliation from forest guards.\"It's sad that poachers were able to kill a rhino after a long gap. The poachers killed the rhino with a .303 rifle but they carried a double-barrel gun for protection. We have recovered empty cartridges, a liquor bottle and peeled oranges. We have launched a search operation for the poachers and all anti-poaching camps have been put on high alert,\" said Mangaldoi DFO Sushil Kumar Daila.The spot where the rhino was killed is located deep inside the park and is covered with tall grasses. \"The poachers took advantage of thick grass cover to kill the rhino. Soon after hearing sounds of gunshots, our staff from Amulya and other anti-poaching camps launched an operation. As a result, the poachers could not chop off the horn,\" added Daila.This is the second rhino death in Orang this year. The first rhino killing took place in May. Last year, only one rhino was killed by poachers.Spread over an area of 78.81 sqkm area, Orang recorded 100 rhinos in the census operation carried out this year. Kaziranga National Park, which is located on the southern banks of the Brahmaputra, has lost at least 14 rhinos so far this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17528694", "title": "Beach-goers'wait for water sports may take a long time coming", "text": "Visakhapatnam: Surfing, jet skiing, paragliding, parasailing, windsurfing or even boating remain a distant dream for denizens of the city as well as tourists who throng the city's vast beaches everyday, thanks to the lack of proper mechanism to promote adventure sea sports.Also, the once ambitious plan to set up an under-sea world, on the lines of the one in Singapore, to view aquatic life too is yet to see the light of the day. Officials of Andhra Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation (APTDC) and Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority (Vuda) now say the absence of coral reefs would make the project unviable.Seshagiri Mantri, managing director of Vihar, a private facility licensed by APTDC to develop water sports, and an aquatic sports enthusiast, said, \"Since Vizag beaches are dangerous in comparison to the beaches in Goa or Kerala, a lot of pre-requisites must be in place before developing water sport facilities on the beaches. Safety aspects are essential and must include mandatory use of life jackets for whoever enters the sea, adequate rescue boats on every beach and a constant onshore and off shore monitoring system.\"Even if the security aspects are in place, only certain sports are feasible in Vizag such as water scooters or skiing, surfing, boating, banana rides on inflatable rubber boats, which can be tied to motorboats and pulled to the ocean, and yachting off Rushikonda beach. Again most of these need proper trainers and guides. Parasailing or gliding won't be a good option because of the rocky, risky nature of Vizag beaches, added Seshagiri.Vizagites also feel that apart from beautification of the city's beaches by Vuda or development of beaches for tourism by APTDC, it's essential that various public sector units adopt the beaches individually or in collaboration as part of their corporate social responsibility. \"These companies can promote water sports or some adventure activities and supply life jackets to tourists at a nominal cost,\" said Sushil Rao, a resident of Lawson's Bay.A Vuda official however said, \"Marine scientists have studied the nature of beaches in Vizag and none of them have been found safe enough for adventure activities or aquatic sports and hence there's no possibility of promoting water sports on a big scale.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17527255", "title": "Six BJP rebel leaders suspended in Panchmahal", "text": "VADODARA: Six party workers, including Rajgadh MLA Fatesinh Chauhan, were suspended by BJP in Panchmahal district on Friday. They were suspended as two persons, including Chauhan, were in the fray against party candidates even as others had supported the rebellion.Chauhan had filed nomination papers from Kalol assembly constituency as a Gujarat Parivartan Party candidate. Similarly, Vikram Dindor had filed nomination papers from Morva Hadaf constituency as an independent.The others who were suspended include Vikram's father Ramsinh Dindor and a supporter of Vikram Amarsinh Rathod. General secretary of Kalol taluka unit of BJP Mahendrasinh Chavda and Panchmahal district women's wing president Neela Patel were also suspended for supporting Chauhan.Party officials said the suspensions were in line with the policy of the state BJP to suspend all BJP rebels contesting against the party. Earlier, similar action was taken against rebel BJP candidates in Vadodara district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17527761", "title": "Mesmerising Kathakali performance at Indian Institute of Management Raipur", "text": "RAIPUR: Indian Institute of Management Raipur (IIM-R) in coordination with Society for the Promotion of Indian Classical Music and Culture Amongst Youth (SPIC MACAY) Raipur Chapter, organized a Kathakali dance performance at IIM Raipur campus.The performance was presented by world famous Kathakali artist Guru Kalamandalam Kuttan Ashan along with his group. It was an energetic evening to relax the students from their hectic life.The event was conducted and managed by cultural and sports club of IIM-R. It was attended by Prof Vinita Sahay, chairperson, students' affairs, Prof Sumeet Gupta, chairperson, I T, Prof Pradyumna Dash chairperson, admissions and the students of IIM-R.The dance form was divided into two major parts, based on a drama on the life of Rama and Krishna called, Ramanattam and Krishnanattam. The dance form used three instruments for music, Chenda (percussion instrument), Maddalam (drums) and Edakka (Cymbals).Guru Ashan demonstrated 24 mudras or the alphabets of the dance drama and nine navrasas or facial expressions. Post dance drama event was a question and answer session in which all the students asked their queries related to the dance forms which were answered by Appa Kuttan Nair, the manager of the dance group.Guru Ashan has contributed to Kathakali for more than 30 years now and was awarded with Sangeet Natak Academy Award and Kerela Kalamandalam award for his contribution to the Indian classical dance.SPIC MACAY is a movement to create an awareness and appreciation of the cultural heritage of the country among the youth of the nation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17526629", "title": "State sees higher commercial tax collection", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai division of the commercial taxes department has surpassed the revenue earned during the previous year, state minister for the department P V Ramana has said.Ramana, who chaired a review meeting in Madurai on Friday said that the division comprising the four commercial districts of Madurai East, Madurai West, Sivaganga and Dindigul has earned Rs 568 crore till November this year, which was 21% more than the revenue in the same period the previous year. \"Last year, till November the department had registered a revenue of only Rs 470.5 crore,\" he said.Not just Madurai division, the entire state too has witnessed a higher tax collection this year, Ramana said. Reeling out statistics he said that in 2011, Tamil Nadu had raked in revenue from the commercial taxes department to the tune of Rs 25,051 crore till November. But this year, the department had registered a revenue of Rs 30,676 crore, he said. At the state-level, he said that the increase in revenue accounted for 22 per cent. However, he insisted that the officials should work hard to achieve the target for the year.Ramana said that a sum of Rs 33 crore has been earmarked by the state government for modernisation of the check-posts of the commercial tax department. From this fund the two check-posts at Lower Camp and Bodi Mettu in Theni district would be modernised at a cost of Rs 85 lakh. Ramana said that the offices of the commercial tax department in Sivaganga and Dindigul are being built at a cost of Rs 1.3 crore.Insisting that tax evasion should be curbed at all costs, Ramana said that enforcement officials, flying squads and personnel manning check-posts should thoroughly search goods vehicles leaving or entering the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "loba", "code": "17528715", "title": "Loba victims accept cheques", "text": "LOBA: Five victims of the Loba violence accepted government compensation on Friday.None of them had stepped forward to accept the cheques from chief minister Mamata Banerjee during her visit to the village earlier this week. The CM left the cheques, each of Rs 25,000, with the SP.The victims on Friday said they agreed to accept the cheques after being advised by the Krishi Jami Raksha Committee \"not to sour relations with the government\". Two of them were given the cheque in Burdwan hospital where they are admitted. Three others got theirs at home. \"They happily received the cheques from our officers,\" said SP Murlidhar.\"I was not willing to receive the cheque earlier because our CM did not go to our platform to hear our version. But a group of police officers visited me in hospital and convinced me\" said a victim, Goutam Ghosh.Another injured Shyamal Ghosh has been released from hospital a couple of days ago. Police officers went to his home at babupur village and gave the cheque. He said , ' On Tuesday they did not inform or invite us to receive cheque from the hands of Chiefminister. I have received the cheque willingly and happilily. Our neighbours told that I should received the cheque as it is given by the state government.'Jaidip Mazumdar, the secretary of Krishi Jami Raksha Committee said , ' We do not find any wrong in acceptance of cheques. As the platform where in the chief minister were present on Tuesday was a political platform those people did not go there to receive cheque. But we do not want to dishonour our chiefminister, discussion is going on with her. Samirbabu [ Patitundi] talked to her for around a hour on Wednesday regarding our problem. We do not want to sour our relation with the state government and we want peaceful solution.'On Friday Samir Pututundi was present in a meeting of the committee to discuss preparation of the programme to be held on the 13th December at Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17526691", "title": "BHU extracts low-cost, efficient enzyme to clean Ganga", "text": "VARANASI: In contrast with the spending of crores of rupees in the name of saving River Ganga, a low-budget and efficient solution towards reducing pollution in the river is being formulated at the Institute of Environment and Sustainable Development (IESD), Banaras Hindu University (BHU).Notably, the researchers of the institute have successfully isolated and purified an enzyme from rice seedlings, which can help remove toxic organic pollutants like dyes, phenols and other pollutants from the river.According to Dr Kavita Shah, associate professor, IESD, who is also the principal investigator of the project being conducted under the department of Science and Technology (DST), the enzyme called 'rice peroxidase' is basically an antioxidant enzyme which has great potential in detoxification of sewage water and industrial effluents. Pollutants like phenol and dyes can be removed from the water with the help of rice peroxidase with better results than any other enzyme.While the enzyme is being tested and studied as a solution towards removing harmful content from water bodies, Dr Kavita and her research team have also successfully developed a novel biosensor using the same enzyme. The biosensor can be used in the treatment of neurological problems related to altered levels of dopamine (Content of urine, serum and cerebrospinal fluid). According to her, so far there is no biosensor to detect levels of dopamine in patients suffering from schizophrenia, Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's and other neurological diseases.It is also estimated that rice peroxidase enzyme has great potential in biotechnology and diagnostic purposes and could prove helpful for low cost clinical treatment as an antioxidant.According to Dr Kavita, rice peroxidase has application potential similar and even better than that of horse radish peroxidase (HRP) which is the only peroxidase being used commercially in the world. \"HRP is obtained from horse radish, a plant often cultivated in Japan for it is an important part of Japanese diet. HRP is used as an antioxidant in many ointments and clinical cosmetics, however, the plant is not very popularly grown in India leading to expensive cost of the enzyme for clinical purposes. On the other hand, rice peroxidase can be isolated from any variety of rice seedling and the wide availability of rice seedlings in India will make it cost efficient,\" she informed. Further explaining the feasibility of rice peroxidase, Kavita informed that the enzyme is stable till 68 degree Celsius as compared to HRP which is stable only till 45 degrees Celsius. At the same time, rice peroxidase has better tolerance and shelf life in few organic solvents.While the process of patenting the sensor and the enzyme is on, the ambitious research work has brought Dr Kavita the Women Scientist Award 2011 granted by the Biotech Research Society India (BRSI) during its 9th international conference held in Patiala in November.Magnate: Malviya Centre for Innovation, Incubation and Entrepreneurship , Indian Institute of Technology, Banaras Hindu University (IIT-BHU) is organising a B-plan competition 'Magnate' from January 4 to January 5, 2013. All graduate and undergraduate scholars as well as teachers with a business idea can participate in the competition. Last date for registration is December 18.Attestation parade: An attestation parade of the fresh batch of 95 recruits of 39 Gorkha Training Centre (GTC) and the wreath laying ceremony will be held on at GTC on Saturday.Children's parliament: Children's parliament held a special session to discuss the impact of FDI in retail on local shopkeepers on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17528111", "title": "Goa state industries association not happy with hike in wages", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa state industries association (GSIA) has claimed that a proposed 37% hike in minimum wages will not only adversely affect small and medium scale industries but will also lead to an influx of migrant labourers in the state. GSIA's president Shekhar Sardessai, addressing mediapersons along with other members of the association on Friday, said, \"Small and medium scale industries will not able to sustain the whopping hike in minimum wages from their current level of 150 to 205 spread over two years. The hike was first announced by the government in the last assembly session.\"There will be an influx of labourers due to the huge difference in minimum wages paid in Goa and that by our neighbouring States,\" said Sardessai. He said that they are not against the hike but the proposed one is big and cannot be accepted, and that along with other industries associations, it will soon submit their objections to the government .The GSIA expressed its satisfaction over the 'transparent' allotment of plots done in Tuem industrial estates by Goa Industrial Development Corporation (GIDC) .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17527583", "title": "Housekeeping staff dump medical waste at hospital", "text": "JALANDHAR: Agitation by the employees of Punjab Institute of Medical Sciences (PIMS) took an ugly turn on Friday when housekeeping staff scattered medical waste and garbage brought from outside in the hospital. It was stink all around in the 400-bed medical college.After the police intervention, management said a meeting would be held with the company representatives on Saturday as housekeeping work had been outsourced to a Chandigarh-based company.The PIMS society, which is headed by state rural development minister Surjit Singh Rakhra, has failed to resolve the issue and management has been missing from the institute even as employees have been on strike for the last 10 days.Society general secretary Dr Appa Rao Mokammala had earlier admitted that they were facing serious financial crisis. Rakhra and other society members, including a consortium of doctors from South Indian have failed to infuse fresh funds even as the institute has faced third strike in a month.On Friday, PIMS authorities failed to contain the situation on its own even as resident director Rajshekhar was present in the institute. After the housekeeping staff had an altercation with security staff and scattered garbage brought from outside in the institute, authorities called the police as it appeared that the agitation and the raised tempers of the staff could lead to law and order problem.It was police which managed the situation even as management has been failing to resolve the issue of payment of salaries which are due for four months.After police intervention, the management said a meeting would be held with the company representatives on Saturday.Powercom already disconnected the power supply of the PIMS on Thursday as management had failed to clear the pending bill of Rs 55 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "17526917", "title": "TTD curbs on VIP darshan on Dec 23, 24", "text": "Tirumala: The Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) has limited the VIP darshan for two days to provide hassle-free darshan on Vaikuntha Ekadasi and Dwadasi, which fall on December 23 and December 24 respectively. TTD EO LV Subramanyam said the VIPs would be allowed only two hours from 3 am on both the days. A senior TTD official said the VIPs should bring ID cards for darshan and accommodationand the tickets issued will not exceed six per VIP. Those who trek from Alipiri would get tickets from December 21 midnight and those using Srivari Mettu route, will get tickets from 6 am on December 22. He added that no privilege darshan will be given on Vaikuntha Ekadasi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17528242", "title": "79% of doctors with foreign degrees fail screening test", "text": "NEW DELHI: The obsession of earning a foreign medical degree is proving costly for Indian students. Thousands of newly-anointed Indian doctors, who completed their medical degrees abroad, are failing en masse for the past four years in clearing the mandatory screening test that allows them to practice in India. Only 21% (around one in five) students who received foreign medical degrees and appeared in the screening test qualified this year.In 2011 and 2010, only 26% medical students qualified, while the corresponding figure was only 16.2% in 2009.Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said on Friday that the test has been prescribed to ensure that \"citizens of India who obtain medical qualifications from universities or medical institutions outside India have acquired adequacy of knowledge and skills as per MCI ( Medical Council of India) norms and to ensure that such students have secured proper standard of medical education in foreign countries.\"Data released on Friday shows that 14,476 students appeared for the test in 2012, with only 3,150 clearing it. In 2011, 13,270 students appeared and 3,576 cleared it. In 2010, 10,115 students appeared for the test \u00e2\u20ac\u201d conducted by the NBE ( National Board of Examinations) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and only 2,680 passed muster. And, in 2009, 6,262 students appeared for the crucial exam and just 1,017 cleared it.Azad said, \"The existing policy entails that an Indian citizen possessing qualification from any medical institution outside India has to qualify the test for getting provisional or permanent registration with the MCI or any state medical council.\" He added, \"The test is conducted by NBE and has proved to be effective in maintaining the standards. There is no proposal to review the existing system of screening tests.\"India recognizes post-graduate medical degrees from only five countries \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Australia, Canada, the UK, the US and New Zealand. Doctors from these countries are exempted from taking the test and are allowed to practice in India. Similarly, screening test rules were amended last December, allowing exemption of a person seeking provisional and permanent registration if s/he holds an undergraduate medical degree from Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the UK and the US.India has been mulling the idea of doing the same with students who have finished medical education from Japan, France, Germany and other European nations. \"This move will see a large number of Indian doctors return to India for good. Many will come on sabbaticals for a short stint in teaching or even practice in public or private hospitals. India is facing an acute shortage of doctors and we are trying to remove all barriers for Indian doctors to return home,\" a ministry official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17527645", "title": "1984 riots: Sikh delegation to meet Barack Obama", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A Sikh delegation will meet the American president on December 15 and seek support to the cause of victims of the 1984 riots.Members of the All India Sikh Students Federation (AISSF) in the state and US-based Sikh for Justice (SFJ) will meet Barack Obama and seek his co-operation in building pressure on the Indian government to ensure speedy justice to anti-Sikh riot victims. Families of thousands of Sikhs, who were killed in the Bokaro chapetre of the nationwide violence against the community in 1984, are yet to get justice.\"It was a genocide committed against the Sikhs in Bokaro (among other cities in India), and despite all evidences and witnesses, none got punished even after 28 years,\" said AISSF national president Karnail Singh Peer Mohammad.Peer Mohammad said two senior Congress leaders were responsible for fuelling violence against Sikhs. \"Bihar Colony, Bus Stand Chaas, Dhanbad Road, Cadra Cinema, Transport Colony and Gurudwara Singh Sabha are the main junctions where Sikhs were burnt alive and their properties sabotaged,\" said Peer Mohammad.Slamming the central government for being insensitive, Peer Mohammad said the Government of India till date describes the violence as riots contrary to several petitions for declaring it as genocide against Sikhs. \"With pain in heart we approached the US president's office and got his appointment. We are hopeful that he will help us in seeking genocide status to the anti-Sikh violence,\" said AISSF Jamshedpur unit president, Satnam Singh Gambhir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17527801", "title": "Several competitions mark literary meet 'DIQUEST'", "text": "RAIPUR: Ove 530 students from 40 schools of Raipur and nearby areas are participating in the two day interschool literary meet 'DIQUEST' at Disha college of Higher Secondary Studies that started on Friday.Several competitions on cursive handwriting, painting, essay writing, speech, extempore, debate, science model and speech are being held during the event. Students spoke about important issues like waste of resources in Chhattisgarh , uses and abuses of internet, role of Newspapers in modern age' and others during the course of events. The results for the same would be declared and prizes will be given on Saturday.Director, Disha education society, Disha Jain was the chief-guest and A K Tiwari, principal, was guest of honor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17527642", "title": "Manali's Videshi Jungle dies slow death", "text": "MANALI: The only 'Videshi Jungle' of the country in Manali may have to change its name soon as its rare collection of exotic trees which were planted by British in 1902 are dying due to negligence by government and climate change. Some of the species have already disappeared from the country while helpless scientists are watching surviving species suffering deep fatal wounds.It was the zeal of British that they brought saplings of rare trees from England, USA, Turkey, Afghanistan, Japan, Germany and many other countries and preserved them in a small area of Manali 110 years ago. This area, now converted into a research station has 27 species of exotic trees that cannot be found anywhere else in the country. Initially, nine species of broadleaf trees, including castanea sativa, tilia europa, fagus sylvatica, platenus orientalis, quercus pedunculata, quercus cerris, quercus rubra , quercus palaustris and corylus colurna were planted in 1902. 18 more species of pine and coniferous trees were brought from various countries and were planted in 1935 and the garden was established and taken over by government in the same year.According to sources, government gave the land to Dr Y S Parmar University of Horticulture and Forestry (YSPUHF) in 1975. Since then university is conducting research on trees and is collecting and preserving its seeds. 37 years have passed, but the land has not been transferred to university. The worse thing that fanned the fire of destruction of \"precious green property of the country\" is that university is not being allowed to maintain, guard and preserve the trees by government as revenue department has no record that university owns the land.\"Many trees are dying and we are not allowed even to carry out fencing of the area under trees as land has not been transferred to university,\" range-officer of YSPUHF, P L Gautam, said.Gautam, who is well known as scientist of the 'Videshi Jungle' for his deep knowledge about the species, said many trees have completed their age while unimpeded human activities, pollution and climate change are some of other reasons for destruction of the forest. \"It hurts a lot as we are responsible for taking care the trees which are not found elsewhere in the country and still we cannot do much to save them.\"Over two dozen trees of larix leptolepis, pinus laricio and other pine species have dried in the forest, while many other species have partially dried up. According to sources, YSPUHF scientists had suggested the wildlife department, who owns the land that humans should not be allowed inside the forest. But, the department was selling entry tickets to the forest which has severely affected the research operation and killed many trees. According to an official with revenue department, in their record the land has not been transferred to the university. As the result, wildlife department is continuing with constructions close the exotic trees.Scientists say the forest is surrounded by roads and traffic on the roads has increased manifolds over the years. Also, construction of hotels and houses has changed the climate of the area. Global warning is considered to be another reason behind diminishing species. Former associate director of Dr Y S Parmar University of Horticulture and Forestry, Dr Shakti S Bhardwaj, who devoted many years of his life in research, said 'Videshi Jungle' is the treasure of India and government should take effective steps to preserve it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17528188", "title": "Alastair's bizarre run out cooks up a storm", "text": "KOLKATA: When Alastair Cook finally fell on Friday, done in by a direct hit from Virat Kohli just 10 runs away from what would have been his third double century in Tests, it seemed it was the only way his marathon innings could end. To add a little intrigue, his run out was a freak dismissal and was soon the topic of much debate and discussion at the Eden Gardens.And, of course, there were frequent mention of another run out some 13 years ago, which had led to crowd trouble and the Test match being completed in front of empty terraces at the Eden. But, then, while there may have been a few similarities between the dismissals of Sachin Tendulkar against Pakistan in 1999 and that of Cook on Friday, there was so much that was different.Both were into evasive action and their bats not grounded when the wickets were disturbed, but while Steve Bucknor read the rules wrong that day, there was little the England skipper could complain about on Friday after Virat Kohli's throw knocked down the stumps at the non-striker's end with the England skipper in the process of regaining it.With Cook taking evasive action, the umpires asked MS Dhoni whether he would like to withdraw the appeal but the Indian skipper didn't agree. The Laws of Cricket (38) states that a batsman will not be run out if \"he has been within his ground and has subsequently left it to avoid injury, when the wicket is put down\". While Sachin had grounded the bat behind the crease (slipping it between bowler Shoaib Akhtar's legs to get access) before backing out to avoid being injured by the bowler who was moving backwards, Cook lifted his bat even before he had grounded it behind the crease.The 80,000-strong crowd during the Asian Test Championship match had felt Shoaib had cheated and vented its anger by throwing stuff onto the ground. An overzealous police force responded with a generous use of batons on the terraces that left several injured. On Friday, Pietersen had played the ball to square-leg and refused the run that led to his skipper's dismissal. According to Trott, it was a 'very strange and a freak dismissal'.\"It's one of these things; if he had put the bat down and then lifted it he would have been okay,\" said Trott, \"He had been out there for a while and it was very disappointing for him to get out that way and miss another double hundred.\"What did Cook tell him? \"I haven't spoken to him yet,\" Trott smiled, adding: \"He must be having deep regret but he is not one to show emotions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17527625", "title": "Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority seals Greams Road building", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority on Friday sealed a residential building on Gulam Abbas Ali Khan Street, of Greams Road in Thousand Lights for violating building norms. Officials said the owner obtained permission to build stilt plus two floors, but constructed a building with a basement, ground floor and two floors above it. He also partly constructed the third floor.CMDA officials, who inspected the site, found several violations, including in building dimension, setback area and floor space . Interestingly, the building was earlier sealed on October 25 for violations. But the owner continued with the construction.\"Strict action will be initiated against such violators. Going ahead with the construction despite the CMDA sealing the building is a serious issue,\" a senior official said. The official also called upon general public to inform CMDA about construction of unauthorized buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17528698", "title": "A 17th century bell that continues to chime", "text": "MYSORE: St Bartholomew's Church, the oldest church in Mysore, is preserving a bit of history that dates back to the 17th century.Bartholomew's Church was established in 1830 for Europeans in the region. The single-storey church is known for its history and architectural qualities, but its fascinating association with the past is not quite well known.A well-kept secret, the place of worship on the ever-busy Bangalore-Nilgiri Road is home to a relic from 17th century. The Church Bell which is still in use was cast in France in mid 17th century for the French Army Base Church at French Rocks Erode village (now Pandavapur), some 25km from Mysore. After Mysore ruler Tipu Sultan was defeated in the war in 1799 and his ally, French Army, left from the area and the capital was moved to Mysore.About 125 years later, the French Rocks church was broken down when Mysore administrators started building Irwin Canal (now Visvesvaraya canal). The dismantled materials from the church was gifted by the British Army to the then Chaplain Rev G A A Wright of this church. In this way, the majestic bell came to adorn this church, according to a stone plaque at Belfry of St Bartholomew's church.Some records claim that the church was reserved for European worshippers for sometime and British VIPs while they were touring the region. It is also said that governor general Lord William Bentinck while on visit to Mysore in 1834 visited this church.Wilson Dev Prasad, a senior member of Bartholomew's church, told TOI that before the present Belfry was constructed in front of the church in early 2000, the bell was at the rear end of the church.According to the commemorative inscription, the foundation stone for the Belfry was laid on October 30th 2002 and was dedicated on December 30th, 2002, by Rev Dr C L Furtado, then Bishop of Church of South India, Karnataka Southern Diocesan. Rev Premkumar Soans was presbyter-in-charge of the church then.Bartholomew's Church presbyter-in-charge K P Devkumar says the bell is used every Sunday before the church service commences, during celebrations and marriages. He confirmed that the church bell is over two centuries old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17528037", "title": "Nidham park delayed, to cost Rs26 lakh more", "text": "NAGPUR: Yet another project being executed by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has got delayed and hence, the project cost will escalate. The beleaguered Nidham park project will now need Rs26.01 lakh more to be completed. A proposal to revise the project cost has been tabled before the standing committee for approval and will come up for discussion in the meeting that will be convened on December 10.The meeting has been called to discuss and take decision on 12 proposals including Nidham park's revised project cost. According to the information provided in the standing committee's agenda, the project was approved at a cost of Rs3.22 crore in 2009. The awarded cost of the project was Rs26.85 lakh below the approved cost. The standing committee approved the proposal to give the work order to the contractor on November 8, 2010. The work was to be completed in 18 months.However, the project is yet to be completed. The work had to be finished by this month. Now, NMC is seeking approval for the release of Rs26.01 lakh more to complete the project. An NMC official said that the revised cost is due to increase in scope of works.However, the sources at NMC told TOI that the project is a good example of the modus operandi of the contractors who bid for the work below its estimated cost and then increase the project cost citing various changes or cost escalation. Nidham park project is coming up on Subhash road between Sakkardara lake and Cotton market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17527819", "title": "Go online to get Aadhar cards", "text": "MUMBAI: Citizens who have registered for Aadhaar need not wait too long for their cards to be delivered by post. Instead, they can go online and download the cards by following a simple procedure.\"Citizens can visit uidai.gov.in or eaadhaar.uidai.gov.in to download their cards. One can enter his or her enrolment number to obtain the card,\" said UIDAI deputy director general Ajay Bhushan Pandey. Citizens can also seek an online appointment before going to the nearby enrolment centre.According to Pandey, citizens must provide their mobile numbers while enrolling themselves. They can not only receive updates or change Aadhaar identity details through their cellphones, but can also avail of facilities such as direct cash transfer by offering the necessary details to banks and government departments. \"Aadhaar will be attached to different schemes, such as LPG and scholarships, for cash transfer,\" he said.Rajesh Aggarwal, secretary to the state information technology department, said: \"Providing wrong details can create problems for a person as the card can help avail of facilities such as opening a bank account, mobile and LPG connections, train travel and other benefits.\" He also pointed out that citizens can now give their Aadhaar IDs to banks and government offices for cash transfers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "17527962", "title": "3 weeks on, Egypt fire refuses to die down", "text": "CAIRO: Egypt's political crisis spiralled deeper into bitterness and recrimination on Friday as Islamist backers of the president vowed vengeance at a funeral for two men killed in bloody clashes earlier this week and large crowds of the president's opponents marched on his palace to increase pressure after he rejected their demands.The two camps in the country's divide appeared at a deadlock, after President Mohamed Morsi gave a fiery televised speech on Thursday night denouncing his opponents and refusing to call off a referendum on a draft constitution promulgated by his allies, even as he appealed for dialogue. The opposition rejected talks, saying he must first cancel the referendum and meet other demands.With Egypt's crisis now in its third week, anger was mounting in the streets, after the two camps clashed on Wednesday in heavy battles outside the presidential palace that left six dead and more than 700 injured.Each side is depicting the conflict as an all-out fight for Egypt's future. The opposition accuses Morsi and his Islamist allies of turning increasingly dictatorial to force their agenda on the country and monopolize power.The Muslim Brotherhood, from which Morsi hails, and other Islamists say the opposition is trying to use the streets to overturn their victories in elections over the past year.The tone was one of a battle cry as thousands of Islamists held funeral prayers on Friday at Al-Azhar Mosque \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the country's premier Islamic institution \u00e2\u20ac\u201d for two Morsi supporters killed in Wednesday's clashes. Seeking to rally their side, a series of speakers to the crowd portrayed the opposition as tools of the regime of ousted leader Hosni Mubarak \u00e2\u20ac\u201d or as decadent and un-Islamic \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and vowed to defend a constitution they say brings Islamic law to Egypt.\"Egypt is Islamic, it will not be secular, it will not be liberal,\" the crowd chanted in a funeral procession filling streets around the mosque. During the funeral, thousands chanted, \"With blood and soul, we redeem Islam,\" pumping their fists in the air.At the same time, thousands of protesters against Morsi streamed in several marches from different parts of Cairo toward his presidential palace in an upscale neighbourhood for a third straight day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17528561", "title": "21 firms approach PMC to work as consultants", "text": "PUNE: Twenty-one firms have shown interest in the Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) proposal of setting up an 'expert consultant panel' for civic construction works.\"Twenty one firms have approached the PMC to work as consultants. The panel is expected to consult with the civic administration on different construction projects. Four categories have been made according to the cost of the project,\" states the civic administration's proposal tabled before the civic standing committee for approval. The committee will decide on the proposal on Tuesday and select four firms for the work.The first category is of projects costing less than Rs 5 crore, while the second category is for projects in the range of Rs 5 crore and Rs 20 crore. The third category is of projects between Rs 20 crore and Rs 50 crore. The last category is of projects costing over Rs 50 crore.The consultation fee will be given in four phases. Payment for three phases will be made in the \"pre tender period,\" while the payment of the fourth phase will be made during \"post tender period\".The road department of the PMC will execute the projects with the help of consultants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17528538", "title": "File KYC by December or lose subsidy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cooking gas consumers with multiple connections who do not submit Know Your Customer (KYC) forms by month-end will lose subsidized supply and will be charged market rates, the government said on Friday.\"The LPG gas connection of those multiple LPG connection-holders, who fail to furnish the KYC forms by the prescribed date, will be suo moto converted into non-domestic exempted categories (NDEC) rate connections,\" minister of state for petroleum Panabaaka Lakshmi told the Lok Sabha.The government had in September decided to restrict subsidized LPG to six cylinders of 14.2kg each per household annually.Subsidized LPG costs Rs 410.50 per cylinder in Delhi, and additional requirements beyond the six cylinders for domestic use are to be procured at Rs 895.50 per unit. A 14.2kg cylinder for non-domestic use is charged at commercial rate as is referred to as NDEC and costs Rs 1,156.In a written reply to a question in the Lok Sabha, the minster said the extended date for fulfilling the KYC formalities is December 31. In a nationwide exercise to weed out multiple or ghost connections, the government had previously set November 15 as the deadline for customers to submit filled KYC forms with their respective distributors.Only multiple connection holders should submit the KYC details before the new deadline, an official said. Oil companies have identified over two crore households, who have taken multiple connections at the same addresses under different names, he added.The official said oil firms are implementing the policy of 'one household, one connection', and have asked consumers to voluntarily give up additional connections.New subsidized LPG connections will be issued after completion of the KYC formalities and multiple connection check.\"All LPG consumers are eligible for three subsidized domestic cylinders during the remaining part of the current year ending March 31, 2013,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17528718", "title": "'NAOB has left displaced locals in lurch'", "text": "Visakhapatnam: The Naval Alternate Operation Base (NAOB) has failed miserably to honour the agreement that was inked on providing employment to locals displaced by the project, CPM district leaders have alleged.Addressing a media conference here on Friday, CPM district committee member K Appalaraju said that an agreement was signed on September 28, 2011, with the condition that locals displaced due to the project would be provided alternative employment in construction work and as security guards. However, the security agency - Raksha -- deployed at the site had only guards hailing from neighbouring states of Orissa and Madhya Pradesh.CPM district working committee member, S Ramesh said that over 5,000 people had been affected and were yet to be employed according to the terms and conditions of the agreement. While one person from each family was expected to be offered employment, widows have been left in the lurch as they have no other employment opportunity. For the displaced fisherfolk, an alternate jetty was to be provided as per the agreement, but they still haven't been shown the site even after one year, he added.Unless the law of the land is honoured, it will lead to social unrest, warned CPM district secretary Ch Narsinga Rao. He stressed on the need to involve local people and the fishermen community.Rao said instead of providing employment, companies like Brandix have turned Vizag into a dumping ground. He said the state government had given 1,000 acres to Brandix at a throwaway price and the management had assured that it would absorb 3,000 locals in Pudimadaka. He demanded that the state government and managements of industries provide employment to the displaced people. Due to discharge of pollutants from the chemical, pharma units and power plants, over 20,000 families have been displaced , he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17527100", "title": "Process on to drop charges against Palghar girls: CM Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "MUMBAI: The Palghar girls arrested last month for a Facebook comment last month would have to wait a little longer for the case against them to be dropped. For, CM Prithviraj Chavan on Friday said the process of filing the closure report is still on.Chavan made the statement when he visited Boisar, 15km from Palghar, to address Congress workers. There were expectations that the CM would give a time-frame within which the charges against Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Srinivasan would be dropped. But Chavan said the police were still preparing to file the closure report and \"it should happen shortly\".There were also reports that the CM might meet the girls during his Boisar visit. But sources said the plan was dropped when the Shiv Sena hinted at greeting Chavan with black flags if he met the girls.Meanwhile, Shaheen and Rinu had learned about the CM's visit and were expecting him to make it clear when the charges against them would be dropped. The girls and their family did not receive any communication about meeting the CM. The duo said they wanted the case to be dropped soon and the police security outside their homes to be withdrawn so that they could breathe easy.The CM said a final decision on bifurcation of Thane district would be taken during the winter session of the assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17527666", "title": "8-year-old on her way to school run over by garbage truck", "text": "CHENNAI: An eight-year-old girl was run over by a garbage lorry contracted to Chennai Corporation in MKB Nagar on Friday morning.Police said Vishali was riding pillion on her father Nagalingam's two-wheeler when the lorry hit them. In the impact, Nagalingam, a daily wage worker, lost control of the scooter and both of them fell down. The lorry, which was closely following the two-wheeler, ran over the girl.Vishali, a Class 3 student of a private school in Sowcarpet was on her way to school when the accident took place near the MKB Nagar bus stand around 9.15am. Immediately after falling off the scooter, Nagalingam got up on hit feet, but could not rescue his daughter who was caught under the lorry's wheels. Passersby pulled the girl, who was bleeding profusely, from under the vehicle and took her to a hospital nearby. She was then shifted to the Government Stanley Medical College and Hospital where she was declared 'brought dead'. Vishali had sustained severe head injuries.Passersby and others, who witnessed the accident, staged a road blockade condemning overspeeding by lorries. They alleged that lorries paid scant regard to traffic rules. Senior police officials, who reached the spot, pacified the agitators and assured action against the driver. Kilpauk traffic investigation police have registered a case under IPC Section 304(A) (causing death by negligence) and arrested the lorry driver Srinivasan.\"Vishali usually went to school in an autorickshaw with her mother Adukumalli and brother Devesh. But on Friday as Devesh had exams, he left early. I wish they travelled as usual,\" said her relative Udhaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17526658", "title": "Election fervour in Mhow", "text": "MHOW: After the last day of withdrawal of candidature on Thursday, the political parties allotted party symbols to their official candidates on Thursday night. With this, the parties, their candidates, and independent contestants launched their election campaigns in full swing. The candidates were seen campaigning till midnight and began again on Friday morning.After many candidates withdrew their names on Thursday, ten candidates are fighting for the post of municipal president while there are 103 candidates for the 31 wards of the municipal committee.All the five congress leaders who had filed their nominations withdrew after the appeal of the senior congress leaders in favour of congress' official candidate Jagannath Verma.In the same way, four BJP leaders had filed their nominations along with the official candidate Devendra Patel, of which two have withdrawn but a very strong leader Ashok Patel is firmly holding the ground. Almost all senior leaders of the party have tried to convince him but Patel is refusing to deter from his stand right now.Both the prominent political parties- BJP and congress have changed their candidates of three different wards. The congress has changed its faces from wards 5, 11 and 21 while the BJP has changed its tickets from 4, 14 and 27.Dhar district congress president Balmukund Singh Gautam is having the election campaign command while that of BJP is with senior BJP leader Sanjay Vaishnav.The campaign going on in the industrial area saw more action after a candidate from the Aam Admi Party of Arvind Kejriwal jumped in to campaign for the post of president. Dr Rajendra Kelotra, an eye surgeon having his clinic in Pithampur is walking on the streets of Pithampur along with his party men, all wearing white Kejriwal style caps.Kelotra told TOI that since this is an election in the nation, in which Kejriwal's party is contesting, he has also given his consent to help with the campaigning.ENDS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17527284", "title": "Forest officials on the trail of big cat in SGNP", "text": "MUMBAI: Forest officials have decided to increase patrolling at night after a security guard at the BMC's Bhandup water treatment plant was killed on Wednesday. According to official, this is the fifth case of leopard attack in six months.The officials will keep tabs on the Mulund-Bhandup stretch since most attacks have happened in the area. \"A cage has been put up so that any leopard straying into the area can be trapped,\" said a senior forest department official.Earlier, two children and a woman were also attacked and killed by a big cat in separate incidents.Forest officials said the leopard who attacked the Bhandup security guard, Anthony Fernandes, would come out again in search of prey. \"A cage has be put.If the leopard comes again, it will be caught. We will then release it into deep into the forest,\" said G T Chavan, deputy conservator of forests. Chavan said that patrolling will also in increased in the area. \"Currently, we have 10 people patrolling the area. We will increase the strength of people and also the frequency,\" he said.\"We had written to the BMC to increase the boundary wall's height, but to no avail,\" he added.\"The area falls under the BMC's purview and I had written to them to increase the height of the wall as leopards can easily jump across. There hasn't been any response,\" he said.Currently, the wall height is seven feet. \"Although leopards can climb higher walls, the construction of a taller wall and barbed wires give them a sense of the territory, said environmentalists.Forest officials said the area was strewn with garbage and attracted dogs. \"Dogs are an easy prey for leopards and they come out searching for them,\" said an environmentalist. According to environmentalists, the trapping of a leopard may be an immediate remedy, it is not a sustainable one. The forest department will have to segregate the animal territory from human habitation. \"The solution lies in removing encroachments. Settlements are coming up inside the forest. That has to stop.If humans encroach upon an animal's area, then a conflict is bound to happen,\" said environmentalist Debi Goenka. that due to the shrinking forest cover, there is less prey. \"This is why animals come out for the kill,\" he said.\"Till the slums are not removed from the periphery of the national park, the dwellers should be given proper toilets so that they do not have to enter the forest to relieve themselves,\" said an environment activist working with SGNP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17528656", "title": "Red tape, power crisis spell doom for MSMEs", "text": "Visakhapatnam: The micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) sector of Vizag, which provides employment to more than 18,000 people, is staring down the barrel. While power shortage is crippling the MSME sector, the lack of skilled labour force and delays in clearances from government departments are only adding to their woes.Currently, there are more than 1,084 MSME units involved in the manufacturing sector and an additional 1232 in the services sector. Yet the industry feels it is not receiving the fillip it needs.Speaking to TOI, Ramakrishna Narappareddy, president, Visakha Autonagar Small Scale Industrialists Welfare Association, said MSMEs have not seen much growth during recent years, thanks to the production losses amounting to 40 % mainly due to power cuts and power holidays eating into the margins.Also, a six time penalty if the consumption limit is exceeded during the peak hours of 6 pm to 10 pm has resulted in the increasing burden on industries. \"Owners are finding it very difficult to run units. Nearly 20 per cent have become sick and many of them are on the verge of closure\", he noted.The association has also submitted a representation to the state government to provide subsidised fuel and power generator sets if it is unable to meet the growing demand. The government is already providing subsidised fuel for marine boats, why not for industries, they contend.MSMEs also questioned the manner in which the state government is granting licenses to new firms even though it is unable to meet the power demands of the existing industry.Power allocation stands at 25% for the southern part of state, 45% for Hyderabad region and a meagre 15 % for Vizag region. With Vizag being the second largest investment destination, the allocation of power isn't fair, say industry captains.M V Narayana Rao, secretary, Vizagapatam Chamber of Commerce and Industry (VCCI), said that a single tax-single window system is needed to support industries. \"If a person wants to open an industry, he has to get at least 16 licences from various departments and pay several taxes. The process has to be streamlined\", he said.With majority of the units catering to public sector units (PSUs), Rao said that industries also face the threat of being imposed with penalty for non-compliance if products are delivered late. \"They (clients) don't care if we are facing power cuts. They want their products or we are penalised,\" he added.VCCI treasurer A K Balaji said lock-up capital and labour problem are also key issues faced by the industry. Small industries are dependent on PSUs on a job-order basis. As majority of skilled labour is eyeing better opportunities in Hong Kong, Dubai and Singapore, the port town is having to make do with unskilled labour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "17528099", "title": "Poachers shoot elephant in Assam, hack it to pieces", "text": "JORHAT: An adult male elephant was shot dead and its flesh cut away in Dulung reserve forest in Assam's Lakhimpur district after it was shot dead by poachers late on Thursday. Poachers also beheaded the elephant and took away its trunk, tusks, and limbs before escaping from the forest. Forest officials said efforts were on to nab the culprits.\"We're looking for the poachers, but no one has been arrested so far,\" an official said. \"A preliminary probe suggests that three people sneaked into Dulung forest to kill the reserve's only elephant on Thursday. They shot it dead and cut it into pieces at night. Although we got the information about the gang's operation, they managed to escape.\"Locals said that forest officers arrived 10 hours after the incident. \"The incident happened only because of the forest department's failure. We condemn both the incident and official negligence,\" a villager said, adding that they were saddened there was no elephant left in the forest.Several regional organizations, like AASU and KMSS, too, condemned the incident and demanded a high-power inquiry. AJYCP's Lakhimpur general secretary Saurav Das said, \"We strongly condemn this inhuman act and demand a high level probe in to the matter. This happened due to the failure of forest minister Rockybul Hussain and his forest officials. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17528490", "title": "Goa needs people's aid to resolve waste problem", "text": "PANAJI: While the garbage disposal problem in the state is far from being resolved, the amount of garbage generated has only been increasing.Patricia Pinto, a garbage management expert presently working on garbage treatment system for the CCP as its co-opted member, stated \"Our planners have failed us miserably.\"Delivering a lecture on waste management, 'Talking thrash: The garbage situation in Goa and where it is at' as part of Charles Correia foundation lecture series, Pinto stated \"Nowhere are we reducing waste. Waste is only increasing. We have to reduce waste (generated).\"Lamenting that there was no holistic approach towards development, Pinto said \"Construction of buildings is seen as development.\"She said that while earlier fewer people lived in houses, these houses are now making way for multi-storey buildings that are seeing many more occupants.Lifestyles have also changed and the ready-to-eat food items had caused an increase in packaging waste.A lot of other items are now available in plastic packaging that is contributing to the increase in garbage, she added.Pinto felt lack of awareness and a careless attitude among citizens was to blame for the garbage woes of the state. She urged people not to demand plastic carrybags for any goods purchased.\"With community and people's participation we can change this, but without community participation nothing will happen,\" said Pinto.She opined that garbage should be treated and not dumped, and said she strongly believed that when garbage is mixed, it can't be treated.Advocating composting of wet waste, Pinto said, \"We have to compost, as all garbage cannot be dumped.\" She bemoaned that instead of trying to solve the garbage problem, elected representatives had demolished composting units that had been set up, in order to please their voters.Pinto said the authorities were looking at making companies contributing to waste in the form of plastic bottles or packaging, share the cost of disposal as part of the 'Polluter pays policy'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17527468", "title": "Pull down illegal hoardings, BMC chief tells staffers", "text": "MUMBAI: BMC chief Sitaram Kunte on Friday instructed staffers to pull down the illegal posters across the city after receiving complaints from the citizens.Kunte wants BMC officials to submit a report of the action taken. Illegal hoardings mourning the death of Sena supremo Bal Thackeray and marking the death anniversary of Dr B R Ambedkar have been plastered across the city, said activists.Now that both death anniversary is over and it has been over a fortnight since Thackeray passed away, the BMC has found the political will to remove the hoardings. Meanwhile, mayor Sunil Prabhu has also asked Shiv Sainiks to themselves start removing the illegal hoardings and banners to keep the city clean.\"Party workers should to keep the leader's vision intact on the issue. Balasaheb always wanted to keep the city clean and beautiful and it is the duty of Shiv Sainiks to fulfil his dream,\" said Prabhu.\"The Shiv Sena has disciplined workers, who will themselves remove the banners and hoardings,\" he added. Several residents have complained about the hoardings that have been put up by functionaries of various parties. Vishwas Mistry, a resident of Dadar Parsi Colony, who had complained about the illegal banners in the city, alleged that the civic body was not acting despite the illegal nature of some banners. \"Illegal hoardings have been plastered in the entire area. The BMC must take stringent action against the defaulters,\" he added.Residents want the civic body to lodge police complaints against the party functionaries whose photos appear on an illegal banner to set a precedent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17526675", "title": "12/12/12: Parents expect a bundle of joy on rare date", "text": "INDORE: With December 12 approaching, some expecting mothers are all gung ho and ready to go under the scissors to give birth to the bundle of joy on 12/12/12.When TOI spoke to a few hospitals to enquire about the bookings for the maternity ward on the day, many hospitals agreed they are being flooded with phone calls from expecting mothers. Bombay Hospital, Bhandari Hospital, CHL Apollo, SAIMS Hospital are among the many in demand for (C-section) deliveries on December 12.Kavita Manjeet Rawat (36), a home-maker, chose the fancy date because her first issue was also born on the same date 12. \"This is my second issue and my due date is on December 25. This date fancied me because of its rarity, so I asked my doctor to deliver the baby on this date and she agreed. According to sono-graphy test, baby is fully matured and ready to be born\", she said in an excitement adding, \"My husband posted at Johannesburg has cancelled all his meetings and appointment around that date.\"Astrologers also told us that the date is prefect for the child but the child should be born between 7 and 9 in the morning.Another housewife Guddi Choudhary (42) will be delivering her second child on December 12. \"My due date was somewhere near and what better date it would be to opt for 12.12.12.\"Guddi further said that according to doctors, it should be a normal delivery but if any complication arises then she might undergo C-section.\"Such combination is rare which will not be available from 2013,\" said Manjushree Bhandari, gynaecologist at Sri Aurobindo Institute of Medical and Science Hospital.She further said, \"We are having at least two cases lined up, as one has her normal due date on December 12 while another has completed her 36 weeks so she chose to deliver her baby on 12.12.12.However such fascination could be risky. Warns Dr Neeraj Pauranik , gynaecologist, Bombay Hospital, \"Expecting mothers should not get fascinated by such dates and risk their lives. Delivery is a natural process, and one should let it happen that way.\"While according to astrologers and taro card readers, the child born on this particular date will be a spiritual soul. Diya Chug, a taro card reader explained, \"The child born this on 12. 12.12 date will have pure angelic soul with spiritual instinct and will be creative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17528134", "title": "FTII to host workshop on NGO-operated community radios", "text": "PUNE: The Film and Television Institute of India (FTII) and the UNICEF will hold a two-day financial sustainability workshop on NGO-operated community radios. The event will be held at the FTII campus on December 8 and 9.A statement issued by the FTII said there were 16 community radio stations run by NGOs, educational institutions and Krishi Vigyan Kendras in the state. The community radio stations are faced with challenges in sustaining the stations and making them financially viable. There are also issues regarding content generation.\"In an attempt to enhance the capacity of the community radio stations, the UNICEF in partnership with the Film and Television Institute of India have planned the workshop. R Sreedher, former director of CEMCA and a pioneering person in the field of community radios along with Fr Thomas Thekkaram will be the key resource persons. Vandana Khare and Tanaji Patil will be contributing from the Unicef's side,\" the statement said.The objectives of this workshop are to enhance an understanding on the four dimensions of sustainability - programme/content, social/human, technological and financial - and develop sustainability plans for the community radio stations.Community radio is a radio service offering a third model of radio broadcasting in addition to commercial and public broadcasting. Community stations serve geographic communities and communities of interest. They broadcast content that is popular and relevant to a local, specific audience but is often overlooked by commercial or mass-media broadcasters. Community radio stations are operated, owned, and influenced by the communities they serve. They are generally non-profit and provide a mechanism for enabling individuals, groups, and communities to tell their own stories, to share experiences and, in a media-rich world, to become creators and contributors of media.In many parts of the world, community radio acts as a vehicle for the community and voluntary sector, civil society, agencies, NGOs and citizens to work in partnership to further community development aims, in addition to broadcasting. There is legally defined community radio (as a distinct broadcasting sector) in many countries, the statement added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17526238", "title": "Eye on polls, party bosses put CM, deputy in an embrace", "text": "MUMBAI: The perceived tension between CM Prithviraj Chavan and his deputy, Ajit Pawar, before he quit in September, was a reflection of the blow hot, blow cold relationship between the two ruling allies, the Congress and the NCP. On Friday, as Pawar was sworn back as the deputy CM, the body language suggested a practised camaraderie.Sources confirmed that their respective high commands have directed Chavan and Pawar to bury the hatchet keeping in mind the 2014 elections. It is likely that the CM will get to work with a much less combative deputy, but he will have to take along the NCP leadership while making key decisions. \"The two leaders will have to be more cordial to each other. While Pawar may have to keep in check his ambition of going solo in the next elections, the CM will also look to realign his stance towards the NCP,\" said a senior cabinet minister.Sources in the Congress said the party was more comfortable approaching the winter session with Ajit being a part of the government. \"The party has always been wary of Ajit sitting out,\" a source said.CM Chavan said he had no role in the reinduction of Pawar. \"It was entirely an internal matter of the NCP. All I did was to follow the coalition dharma.\"Interestingly, Chavan also seemed to echo Pawar's line that the white paper proved allegations against him and the water resources department wrong. \"The white paper was a status paper brought out by the department. It was never meant to deal with corruption allegations since it is not an inquiry paper,\" he said. \"These allegations are being looked at by courts. A government probe is also ongoing against 45 department...,\" Chavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "17528572", "title": "Lalgarh set for high-decibel political meet", "text": "MIDNAPORE: For the next 48 hours, the political battlelines are drawn in Jangalmahal's Lalgarh with Congress and Trinamool Congress roping in heavyweights for their back-to-back public meetings in the one-time Maoist stronghold.The Congress meeting on Saturday, to be addressed by an array of Union ministers, is being seen as the party's bid to take on Mamata Banerjee in her home ground for mounting pressure against the Centre. The Trinamool will counter the Congress at a meeting on Sunday.The chief speaker at the Congress meeting is Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh , responsible for the development funds for the impoverished region. Newly crowned Union ministers Adhir Choudhury, Deepa Das Munshi and Abu Hussain Khan Chowdhury along with PCC president Pradip Bhattacharya and former Congress state minister Manas Bhuniya will be the other speakers at Lalgarh's Sabuj Sangha ground on Saturday.They are likely to attack Mamata on the \"gap between her promises and the reality in Jangalmahal\", say sources. The state government's poor record in implementation of centrally-sponsored schemes like Indira Awas Yojana, NREGA, rural electrification and rural roads scheme in Jangalmahal will be highlighted, said district Congress president Swapan Dubey.\"The state was spreading misinformation about the Centre,\" he alleged.Dubey said he would hand Ramesh a report on announcements made by the chief minister on April 24 for Jangalmahal and how much work had been done. The district Congress demands a bridge at Amkola to reduce the distance between Jhargram and Lalgarh. Describing the Trinamool's counter-meeting as a sign of the party's insecurity, Dubey said the Congress meet will draw a crowd of 30,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17528761", "title": "Fishermen collect plastic debris from Vembanad Lake", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Fishermen in Alappuzha who make a modest living by collecting clams in Vembanad Lake have taken a unique vow this Sabarimala season. They have promised to clear as much plastic debris as possible also from the lake bed during the 41-day mandala season.Around 150 fishermen have already begun collecting the plastic debris. And in the process, they are cleaning up the lake, which has turned toxic with houseboat owners and residential colonies along the banks dumping plastic bags and sewage into the lake.\"The fishing community has come forward on its own to participate in this lake conservation campaign, after realizing that the plastic menace has brought down the density of clams and freshwater fishes here. This has also affected the breeding of fishes,'' said Jojo T D, project coordinator of environment NGO Ashoka trust for research in ecology and environment.He said the mandala season was chosen for the campaign as there are many fishermen who are Ayyappa devotees and they wanted to do something good in their neighbourhood during this season.The fishing community was initiated into the project after a resource mapping study conducted by the environment department for climate change showed that the lake had turned toxic and the density of aqua-habitat had come down over the years.\"At least 13 lake protection forums who are active here are assisting the fishermen in collecting and storing the plastic debris, which will be disposed of by the end of the Sabarimala season,'' he said.K M Poovu, secretary of Saymukta Kayal Samrakshna Samiti, said the campaign is a way of showing gratitude to the lake's rich biodiversity, which provides livelihood to around one-lakh-strong fishing community here. \"This will also bring in a sense of responsibility to keep the environment clean. The department of ports is also supporting our campaign,'' he said.Environmentalists said the network of canals in and around Allappuzha and Kottayam is choked with plastic debris and these flow into the Vembanad Lake post-monsoon and remain there for years.\"Freshwater fishes like Karimeen get trapped in the plastic packets. Also, the plastic debris adversely affects the growth of planktons that maintains the fragile eco balance of the lake. We need to create greater awareness at panchayat-level so that people do not throw plastic into the canals, which in turn destroys the lake,'' Poovu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17526019", "title": "Let Spain win in Brazil to be at par with us: Dunga", "text": "KOLKATA: Coaching the Brazilian football team is like living in a cauldron of fire. And when it comes to the World Cup, the pressure to deliver reaches a crescendo. Ask Dunga, if any confirmation is needed.One of those few Brazilians who have seen both sides of the coin, Dunga led the team to the most coveted prize in football in 1994. But when he was handed the responsibility of managing the selecao in South Africa two years ago, he failed to reproduce the winning touch. With Luiz Felipe Scolari returning to rekindle the dream amid mounting pressure to win the 2014 World Cup at home, Dunga has quickly and unhesitatingly offered his support for the re-appointed coach.\"Scolari is the right man for Brazil at this moment. He has the experience and immense knowledge of the game. He has guided the team to the World Cup title once and I strongly believe that Big Phil will come up with another winning recipe. I'm sure he has the backbone of his squad for the 2014 World Cup already in mind,\" Dunga told TOI.The Brazilian was also forthright with his views on the three most successful footballers of the modern generation \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Argentina's Lionel Messi , Portugal's Cristiano Ronaldo and Brazilian Neymar \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and their likely impact on the next World Cup. \"An individual can't win you a tournament. For a team to succeed, you need your star players to be surrounded by a host of other quality players. Ronaldo is very talented but his teammates are ordinary. Messi is more experienced now, while Neymar is growing in confidence. Both Brazil and Argentina have a team to support their star players,\" he said.The 49-year-old also had a word of advice for Neymar. \"He should go over to Europe after the World Cup. It will help him grow as a player,\" he said.With Spain winning three major tournaments in a row, have they displaced Brazil as the greatest football team? \"Spain have won only one World Cup and they are getting success just for the past four years. Let them win at least two more World Cups and then we can talk about their pedigree,\" Dunga shot back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527382", "title": "Geetika case: Witness\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 father changes stand", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a new twist in the Geetika Sharma suicide case, the father of accused-turned-approver Chanshivroop Singh lodged a case with Delhi Police on Friday, alleging that he and his son were receiving threats after the latter had become a police witness in the case. Chanshivroop fled to the US via Dubai on November 28, police have found.An FIR has been registered under sections 195A (threatening any person to give false evidence) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC.Chanshivroop's father, Harminder Singh, said his son \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on his way to and from Delhi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d used to be threatened of being shot dead and his family being implicated in a false case.\"A person came to me and told me that Gopal Kanda's brother wanted to meet me. When I went to his guesthouse, there were three-four people who said they had called for a press conference and asked me to level allegations against Delhi Police,\" the FIR said.However, later in the day, Harminder changed his stance before a trial court and alleged that police were pressuring him to lodge a false case against former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda and his family members.Harminder said cops had forced him to sign some papers purportedly complaining about threat to his life from Kanda and his relatives. The court told Harminder that he might take legal recourse against the alleged harassment by police. It directed police to produce Chanshivroop by December 13 even as cops said he had fled to the US.Police had arrested Chanshivroop, an assistant manager in Kanda's MDLR, allegedly because he was the person who had gone to Dubai where Geetika was working with Emirates Airlines and told its officials that she had secured a job with MDLR on the basis of forged documents. He also sent forged e-mails to Geetika informing her about extradition proceedings against her in Dubai.Chanshivroop had been released on bail and recorded his statement as a witness before a magisterial court. On December 5, the court had tendered \"conditional pardon\" to him \"on the condition that he shall make a full disclosure of whole of the circumstances within his knowledge related to the offence and relating to all the accused persons regarding commission of the offence\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531721", "title": "Lawrence-Vijay's b'day song for Superstar out", "text": "Vijay Antony and Raghava Lawrence are coming out with a single song video album for Suprstar Rajinikanth's birthday which would be released by the Superstar himself on his birthday 12th December. While Lawrence is planning the choreography for the song, music composer Vijay Antony has completed the song.The music director turned actor has released the audio online for Superstar Rajinikanth's fans to hear and enjoy the track. The 4 minute 56 second track has a fast and peppy beat to it and wishes the Superstar and also lists out the positive qualities of Rajinikanth.To listen to the song Click here", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "haveri", "code": "17526472", "title": "Haveri ready for B S Yeddyurappa' big-ticket event", "text": "HAVERI: All eyes are on Haveri, the launch pad of former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's new political outfit Karnataka Janata Party (KJP).The launch of the party, considered a breakaway group of the ruling BJP, will be formally announced at a convention organized at the sprawling Gudleppa Hallikeri College ground on Sunday. While the common people of Haveri town are indifferent to the event, the gram panchayat, taluk panchayat and zilla panchayat members from BJP have decided to make the convention a success as they feel honoured that Haveri has been chosen for the launch.Sunday is a holiday for schools, colleges and offices and nearly 10,000 people from Haveri are expected to turn up at the venue to see what happens. The youths are especially enthused as they expect actress Pooja Gandhi, who quit the JD(S), to make an appearance and join the KJP.Petty vendors who sell fast food in stalls are getting ready to make a quick buck and are stocking up more food items. To ensure quick service, they are also hiring boys and girls for the day.A huge shamiana has come up in GH College ground, adjacent to the national highway, on the outskirts of Haveri town. The shamiana is being put up by a firm from Hubli and the draping done by a team of experts from Mumbai. Prakash Hiremath, who is supervising the preparations, said they were arranging for 1 lakh chairs and another 20,000 would be kept in reserve. Party sources expect 5 lakh people to attend the convention, which could be asking for too much.Yeddyurappa dropped by to inspect the preparations on Friday evening, along with son and MP BY Raghavendra, MLAs Nehru Olekar, BP Harish, Haratal Halappa and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17526366", "title": "Koch Rajbongshis may take up arms for ST tag", "text": "GUWAHATI: The registrar general of India (RGI) has refused to grant Scheduled Tribe status to Koch Rajbongshi community.Unhappy with the decision, the All Assam Koch Rajbongshi Sanmilani (AAKRS) and Chilarai Sena on Friday threatened that youths of the community will take up arms if the community is not accorded ST status.\"We have been engaged in a democratic movement for over 20 decades. However, the recent refusal to accord ST status to Koch Rajbongshis has angered the community and our youths have become restive. Our youths will not hesitate to take up arms to fulfill the community's demand since all these years of democratic movement has failed to yield any results,\" Chilarai Sena (soldiers of Chilarai, a 16{+t}{+h} century military head of Koch king Nara Narayan) chairman, Biswajit Roy said.AAKRS called a 12-hour Assam bandh in protest against the RGI's refusal on Friday. The bandh was total in all Koch Rajbongshi-dominated districts, especially in lower Assam.Roy said they suspect political conspiracy behind the RGI's refusal to recommend ST status to Koch Rajbongshis. He said groups with vested interest do not want the community to get the ST status. Along with Koch Rajbongshis, five other communities in the state, Moran, Motak, Chutia, Ahom and members of the tea garden labour community, are also demanding ST status. Roy said that clubbing the Koch Rajbongshis with the other five communities demanding ST status was a conspiracy in itself.\"From now on, we will carry out our movement on our own. We will not take out any joint movement with the other five communities. Clubbing the Koch Rajbongshis with the other five communities demanding ST status generalized our demand,\" Roy said.He said the state government has not yet informed the Koch Rajbongshi organizations about the RGI's refusal. \"We want to know why the state government has not informed us about the RGI's stand. We only came to know about the RGI's decision during our visit to New Delhi recently,\" he added.With the panchayat election approaching, AAKRS and Chilarai Sena have demanded a white paper on the state government's stand on the issue of ST status for Koch Rajbongshis. \"Chief minister Tarun Gogoi should come out with a white paper in the upcoming assembly session. If the state government fails to do so, it will impact the panchayat election,\" Roy warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17526595", "title": "Govt to float tenders only after land acquisition", "text": "CHENNAI: Faced with hardship in acquiring land while constructing high-cost bridges in the state, the state government will hereafter float tenders for a project only after completing land acquisition works.To start with, the government has decided to acquire land for construction of 12 rail overbridges across the state. A major policy decision to this effect was taken recently, after the state highways department got fed up with delays in acquiring land from individuals for its projects.Government sources told TOI that land acquisition for nearly 36 projects was stuck under various stages for many years. The delay may lead to cost escalation. \"But this new move will help carry out construction without any hassle. It will also help authorities to shift service lines like power cables, sewer and water pipelines before starting work,\" said an official.As per initial estimates, it would cost 70.03 crore for acquiring land for only eight rail overbridges. The projects have been proposed near Anvarthinganpet in Vellore, between Panruti and Nellikuppam railway stations in Cuddalore, Sri Rangam and Trichy railway stations, Ramanathapuram-Ucchupuli railway station in Ramanathapuram, Palayamkottai and Seidhunganallur railway stations in Tirunelveli, Dindigul and Akkaraipatti railway stations in Dindigul, Dindigul railway station and Sholavandan in Madurai.There are four more bridges recommended by the South Western Railway under its railway works programme 2010-2011 in Dharmapuri district, which are being considered for sanction of initial cost for land acquisition.Official sources said Southern Railway has also recommended another project in lieu of existing narrow and non-standard subway near Sankagiri railway station in Salem district. \"The railway sanctioned a subway at this location. But it warrants a bridge. Therefore, railway has been requested to sanction it. After concurrence, the proposal will be sent for land acquisition,\" said an official. At present, there are 23 rail over bridges costing 740 crore under various stages of scrutiny. Detailed project reports are being readied for five such projects in Vellore, Dindigul, Ramanathapuram and Tirunelveli districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17528049", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcA defence consultant running tuition-for-sex website in UK\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "The man revealed by The Independent to be running a website offering to pay the tuition fees of female students in return for sex can be named as a highly paid computer consultant who claims to have top-level ministry of defence (MoD) security clearance and access to top-secret data.Mark Lancaster, 39, who presented himself as an 'assessor' for the website SponsorAScholar.co.uk, has worked as an IT contractor on a massive overhaul of the computer network used by UK armed forces, military sources have confirmed. He is also thought to have worked on computer systems used by British forces during the invasion of Iraq.The Independent has now tracked down Lancaster, who is married and has two children, to his \u00c2\u00a3460,000 home on the edge of the South Downs National Park in Hampshire, after he was filmed asking an undercover reporter to undergo a \"practical assessment\" with him to prove the `level of intimacy\" she could provide for the website's claimed clients.When confronted by The Independent Lancaster refused to comment on his involvement with the website, his conversations with the reporter or whether he had disclosed his activities to his employer or MoD. On his entry to the LinkedIn website, Lancaster describes himself as a 'DV-cleared consultant with proven extensive experience'. DV is a reference to Developed Vetting, the highest-level British government security clearance, which allows holders to read ultra-sensitive documents.The MoD declined to comment on the level of Lancaster's security clearance.The site, which was set up in June using a false company name and a VAT number belonging to the legitimate dating website Match.com, claimed to have arranged for 1,400 women aged between 17 and 24 to be funded through their studies by businessmen willing to pay up to \u00c2\u00a315,000 a year for \"discreet adventures\". Students were offered `up to \"100% of your tuition fee\" in return for spending two-hour sessions with men up to four times per term. The sponsors, he told the reporter, have \"expectations of a high level of sexual intimacy with their chosen student'.During the conversation with the reporter, the IT consultant described himself as the website's \"assessor\" and asked her to accompany him to a flat for the \"practical assessment\", which he made clear was a condition of acceptance on to the site's roster of students. the independentThe website claimed to have arranged for 1,400 women's study to be funded by businessmen willing to pay up to \u00c2\u00a315,000 a year for 'discreet adventures'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17527861", "title": "Bandra preschool class apart: Survey", "text": "MUMBAI: A survey conducted by EducationWorld, a magazine, has revealed the top ten preschools in six cities, including Mumbai.Close to 2,000 people, including parents, teachers and experts were surveyed and asked to rate preschools in their cities based on ten parameters of excellence. These parameters included teaching competence, teacher welfare and development, safety and hygiene, leadership, innovative teaching, value for money, parental involvement, individual attention to students, special needs education and infrastructure. The scores awarded to the preschools under each parameter were totalled to rank the preschools in each city.\"While the premier rank has been retained by Kangaroo Kids in Bandra for the third year in a row, the rest of the Mumbai top 20 league table has witnessed considerable change. Podar Jumbo Kids in Santacruz, ranked number 12 in 2010 and fifth last year, has zoomed to number two in the eyes of Mumbai's discerning public with high scores under the parameters of individual attention to children and leadership,\" revealed the survey. The well-known Casa Bambino on Bhulabhai Desai Road has retained its consistent number three spot.Apart from the usual names which included EuroKids (Lokhandwala, Andheri) and Besant Montessori in Juhu, the new entrants were Little Palms, Babulnath, Leapbridge International, Sion (E) and Silvabrook (formerly Head Start in Bandra).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17527802", "title": "Half marathon on Dec 16", "text": "RAIPUR: On the occasion of 'Vijay Diwas' half-marathon would be organized on December 16 at Naya Raipur with joint collaboration of Indian Army and sports department.About 5,000 school students and sportsmen of national and international level would be a part of the event. Collector Siddharth Komal Singh Pardeshi in a meet said that participation of citizens, students of IIM-R, engineering colleges, NCC and NSS scout guides and sportspersons of several associations would be expected in the marathon.Marathon for girls would be five kilometres and for boys 10 kilometres. Even the disabled can participate in the marathon. Rehearsals would be conducted on December 14.Interested candidates would have to get their registrations done at Parsada international stadium. The entry would be free.He asked the concerned officials to inform the district collectors about the event and invite the officers of sports department. Arrangement of 50 buses would be done for the citizens and participants to reach the venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531076", "title": "I never got into the industry's politics: Madhuri Dixit", "text": "Bollywood dancing diva Madhuri Dixit made her silver screen debut 28 back with \"Abodh\" and since then there has no looking back. The \"Dhak dhak\" girl says she has always enjoyed her work and tried to keep herself away from the politics of the industry.\"Being number one or number two never bothered me. I did not believe in all that. I had this in mind that whenever I go on the sets, I have to give my best. Whenever I gave a good shot, that was a special moment for me.\"I never got into the politics of the industry. I was always kept away from it and enjoyed being being part of it,\" Madhuri said at an event.Madhuri became a name to reckon with after her performance in superhits like \"Tezaab\", \"Ram Lakhan\", \"Tridev\", \" Dil \", \"Saajan\", \"Khalnayak\", \"Hum Aapke Hain Koun\", \"Dil To Pagal Hai\" and \"Devdas\".With some many good films and commendable performances to her credit, the 45-year-old still looks the same and has always been very down to earth. The actress says its her family that has helped her to be like that.\"My family, their values and education have kept me grounded. I am not a frog in the well. There is a life outside the industry and I have always been very curious about it. I love meeting people and talking to them. For me it is not about 'I, me and myself',\" she added.Madhuri married Shriram Chandra Nene on Oct 17, 1999 and moved to the US. Post-marriage, Madhuri worked in just \"Aaja Nachle\" , which didn't do so well. But her stint as the judge on dance reality show \"Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa\" gave her a chance to reconnect with her fans.After the success of the show, Madhuri shifted base here with her husband and sons from the US in October last year.Now she will be seen back on the silver screen in Vishal Bhardwaj's \" Dedh Ishqiya\" and Anubhav Sinha's \" Gulab Gang\".Talking about the kind of films being made nowadays, Madhuri said: \"Some years back there was a demarcation of art films and commercial cinema but now it is not like that. Now the lines are quite blurred. Realistic films are made now and there are no over the top characters. Also the audiences have matured.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527260", "title": "Police, Tihar Jail to share database on criminals", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police and Tihar Jail on Friday launched a programme to help both departments share databases with each other on criminals, release of prisoners and status of different co-related cases. The 'Information Exchange Programme' was jointly launched by Delhi police commissioner Neeraj Kumar and Tihar DG Vimla Mehra.This programme will enable the deputy commissioners of Delhi Police and superintendents of Tihar to work together and get information that they need for improving their functional efficiency and effectiveness such as details pertaining to criminals released recently, hardcore criminals lodged there and high security criminals.The programme has been designed and developed by National Informatics Centre and Delhi Police and the databases would be available to respective nodal officers from both sides. \"Earlier, we had to run to Tihar for any information related to a prisoner and sometimes obtaining the information would take days. Now it will be just a click away,\" said a senior officer.Tihar Jail authorities say this initiative will save time and energy. \"The process of requesting information from Delhi Police and receiving the report takes about two weeks on an average. Valuable time and energy of both institutions will be saved with the shared database accessible from this software,\" Tihar law officer and spokesperson Sunil Gupta said.Jail officials say the new initiative will help them in four major areas. \"It will become easy to pinpoint habitual offenders and their case histories. Escape-prone prisoners will be easily identified and a stricter vigil kept on them,\" said a jail official. Inmates for whom furlough has to be decided can also be assessed faster, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17531696", "title": "FDI in retail will help farmers, consumers: PM Manmohan Singh", "text": "LUDHIANA: A day after winning Parliament's approval to the decision of allowing FDI in retail, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday said the move will benefit farmers and consumers and help introduce new technologies in agri marketing.He also said the decision to allow FDI was \"supported\" by farmers' organisations in Punjab.Speaking as a chief guest at Punjab Agricultural University's golden jubilee function here, he said FDI in retail will help introduce new technologies in agri marketing, and will \"benefit farmers and consumers\".The decision to allow FDI was backed by farmers' organisations in Punjab, he said at the PAU function, where he was honoured with a Doctor of Science degree.Government had on Friday won the approval of Parliament to its controversial decision of allowing FDI in multi-brand retail with a motion against it being defeated convincingly in Rajya Sabha, as BSP voted in favour of UPA. 123 members had voted against the motion while 109 voted in favour after a debate during which the opposition had attacked the proposal to allow 51 per cent FDI in multi-brand retail, while the government had strongly justified it saying it was in the best interest of the country.Speaking at the university, Singh asked leading farm varsities like PAU to gear up to meet the existing and future challenges in the agriculture sector.He said agriculture supply chains in India are fragmented and stressed the need for development of efficient and vertically integrated supply chains.Stressing that investments in backend infrastructure can help cut down loss of perishable crops, he asked Punjab \"to take the lead in best practices of crop management\".Singh also hoped that Punjab will fare better as 12th five-year plan has for the country as a whole \"targeted 8.2 growth in the GDP and 4 per cent in agriculture\".Expressing concern over exploitation of ground water in Punjab, the Prime Minister said it far exceeds what can be recharged.\"80 per cent development blocks have been categorised as over exploited,\" he said, adding that the challenge for sustainable agriculture was to help farmers take up diversification.Even though the rice-wheat cropping pattern is profitable, it has led to over-exploitation of the water, he noted.Singh said gradual phasing or shifting to other crops as well will not affect overall food security of the country and pointed out that in addition to states like Punjab, eastern and central parts of the country together with leading agrarian states, can help ease the burden of food security.For crop diversification, he said state like Punjab can take up alternative crops like maize, cotton, sugarcane, oilseeds, besides fruits and vegetables.He also made a mention of the Centre's National Food Security Mission launched five years back and said the efforts under it were producing results.The Prime Minister asked farm varsities like PAU to also gear up to face the challenges posed by the climate change.\"Rising temperatures will also have negative effects on productivity,\" he said, adding current varieties of wheat can also be hit by the climate change.Asking PAU to develop varieties that are resistant keeping the climate change in mind, he said, \"We must deal now with the expected threats that appear on the horizon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17526624", "title": "Mihin Lanka flies Madurai-Colombo", "text": "MADURAI: Setting the tone for a busier air space over Madurai in the coming days, Mihin Lanka, the domestic airlines of Sri Lanka commenced its flight operations from Madurai to Colombo on Friday.Mihin Lanka is the second carrier to commence overseas operations from Madurai after it received the tag of international airport. SpiceJet had started the first commercial flight operations out of Madurai airport to Colombo on September 20 this year.The much-awaited Mihin Lanka Airbus A-321 carrier landed at the airport here around 3pm and made a return journey about an hour later. For Mihin Lanka, Madurai is the ninth international destination that they cater to. The airlines will operate three flights a week to Colombo on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. Members of the trade bodies and Travel Club greeted the passengers from the first flight at the airport.Trade and industrial community in the temple city as well as in southern districts had been long awaiting these international flights. The Sri Lankan carrier will not only link with Colombo but would also ensure that the passengers from Southern Tamil Nadu have a seamless travel to Middle East destinations like Dubai, Kuwait and Bahrain thanks to connecting flights from Colombo. Mihin Lanka officials also promised that there will be convenient connections to Jakarta, Dhaka, Singapore, Bangkok and Kuala Lumpur.The Mihin Lanka flight is a result of hectic lobbying and a series of interactions by the industrial community in Madurai with Lankan government officials as well as airlines top brass.In yet another boost to international connectivity from Madurai, SpiceJet is preparing to launch a service to Singapore. The Union civil aviation ministry has cleared the proposal of SpiceJet to operate the Singapore flight service from Madurai. Besides improving trade and business, the international connectivity is expected to boost tourism in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531629", "title": "I am leaving behind a good legacy for my children: Sarika", "text": "With Kamal Haasan and Sarika's older daughter Shruti Haasan already into films \u00e2\u20ac\u201dBollywood and the South, there have been rumours for some time now that their younger daughter Akshara too would make a debut in films.As per the industry sources, ace director Mani Ratnam had plans of launching Akshara Hassan who is not totally new to this field. She started out by assisting filmmaker Rahul Dholakia, and rumours suggested that she now seems all set to get into acting.However, calling these rumours as false and baseless, Akshara's mother and veteran actress Sarika clearly stated that as of now Akshara is not interested in acting. \"She will if she wants to, but at present she is very keen on western form of dancing, she is learning the art and I don't want to disturb that. That is her call,\" said Sarika. Akshara lives with her mother in the western suburbs of Mumbai while Shruti, who shuttles between Mumbai and South, lives on her own close to her mother's apartment. \"Mani is a very dear friend and I don't know who spread this,\" added Sarika.Sarika, who has never spoken about her personal life from the time she split from Kamal Haasan about a decade ago, said, she is friends with her daughters and they have a blast together. \"Otherwise what is the fun in having children? The best part of having children is that you have your very own best friend. I can say yeh dost toh mera apna hai ,\" she smiled warmly. And she is particular about one thing. She doesn't believe in giving them advice or share negative experiences of her life with her daughters. \"Never give negativity to people, if they have problems let them solve it in their way. If something happens, you address, why do it in anticipation? One must take life as it comes,\" says Sarika whose own personal favourites include, Basu Bhattacharya's Grihapravesh and Parzania that was released in 2005.\"I am leaving behind a good legacy for my children. I should have at least two more such films then I will feel good. Because after working for so many years just two good films is a bad track record. I am trying to do as many different roles as possible. I could have said 'yes' to six other films but either they don't get made or they don't get released,\" said Sarika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17528068", "title": "Truckers tied up, looted", "text": "NAGPUR: Kalamna police have booked three unidentified persons for allegedly robbing a truck driver and his aide of their valuables, which included a mobile phone and Rs7,500 in cash on Wednesday morning.Victim Mukesh Yadav, a native of Madhya Pradesh , had parked his vehicle near Jaiswal garage in Kalamna. Yadav and his aide, Manish Tekam, were inside the truck's cabin when the three miscreants barged inside and robbed the duo before tying them up.The trio then fled the scene with the vehicle leaving Yadav and Tekam at a farmland in Tiwsa. The truck driver and his aid returned to Kalamna and filed a case against the trio. An offence has been registered at Kalamna police station.Kalamna police has not yet been able to solve the murder of a truck driver that had took place earlier this year. The robbers had decamped with the iron consignment from the vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17526254", "title": "Ajit Pawar dada storms back, but has taint washed off?", "text": "MUMBAI: Ajit Pawar may have forced himself into the state cabinet, but serious questions about the functioning of the irrigation department under his watch remain.His decade-long (1999-2009) tenure at the head of the state water resources department saw thousands of crores worth of irrigation contracts awarded to select contractors at inflated costs and under dubious circumstances.Sources said irrigation officials had a free hand before the NCP leader took charge of the department. He tweaked the administrative process so that every tender worth Rs 1 crore and above required his signature. An official note issued by the water department on November 11, 2005, delegated such powers to the minister, thereby ensuring every contractor had to personally meet him.\"Before he came into the picture, department officials used to prepare detailed statements for every project. The role of the minister was to approve the liability mentioned in the statement. Once the approval was received, it was purely for the officers to prioritize and call for tenders. The minister had no role to interfere in the tender process. In case, the tenders were quoted at a higher rate, a committee headed by officials would verify the same,\" said a government official.After Pawar took charge, the system of statement approvals was given up. Instead, to ensure that every tender comes to him, he introduced a system of official note . This was used as a liability approval document instead of the statement. \"This led to interference in the tender process. The system is a farce,\" said the official.Pawar attested his signature on each and every tender. Most of them were awarded at exorbitant rates.Last September, TOI had reported how Pawar 'hurriedly' granted project approvals totalling Rs 20,000 crore during an eight-month period in 2009 (32 in June-Aug) without the mandatory clearance of the governing council of the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation.The clearances were given by only Pawar and VIDC's then executive director D P Shirke. Government sources had described these administrative approvals as \"illegal\". They have to be placed before the governing council, comprising the state chief secretary and officials from the finance, planning, agriculture and water resources departments, for deliberation and sanction.A petition by NGO Jan Manch, alleging irregularities in irrigation projects in Vidarbha and calling for a CBI probe, is pending before the Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court.The writ petition alleged fraud, abuse of power and siphoning of money by officials in the name of tapping the irrigation potential of Vidarbha. Despite three state government-appointed committee reports pointing out inferior work and lack of supervision, no action was taken against those involved. The petitioner has demanded a CBI inquiry and recovery of money from the guilty officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527079", "title": "Airlines asked to submit data on CAT-III trained pilots", "text": "NEW DELHI: With dense fog season just about to start, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has asked airlines to submit data on the category-III trained pilots working with them.DGCA chief Arun Mishra said that airlines had been asked to ensure that CAT-III pilots, trained to fly in visibility as low as 50m, should be rostered on all flights operating to and from fog affected cities during low visibility days.Met had predicted that the fog season in Delhi would last from December 10 to February 5. Dense fog of long duration is now being expected after December 20 while visibility can fall to moderate fog levels between December 10 and 12. \"A meeting was held recently with all airlines and we have asked them for their list of CAT-III trained pilots to ensure that they are prepared to operate during dense fog. The airlines will have to schedule their duties in such a way that most of them are stationed in affected cities like Delhi, Amritsar etc,\" said Mishra.Sources in the civil aviation ministry said that last year airlines had deputed CAT-III trained pilots to operate aircraft only after the fog set in. Consequently, when visibility dropped suddenly, CAT-III pilots would not be available and flights got either delayed or diverted.\"Ideally CAT-III pilots should be on duty from fog-affected cities through the entire fog period as weather changes quite suddenly. However, airlines did not follow this protocol and when fog set in suddenly, despite having CAT-III pilots most airlines could not operate their flights as scheduled,\"a source said. \"This year we will be quite strict with airlines and insist on a more organized duty chart for CAT-III crew. Whether or not there is fog, CAT-III pilots should be stationed at fog prone airports,\" the source added.DGCA will also be holding a meeting to discuss visibility levels for the three runways at IGI Airport at which point operations would be permitted during fog. \"This is a matter of safety and the minimum runway visual range for all points at the runway will be fixed and operations allowed accordingly,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17528223", "title": "Watch Indian Navy in action", "text": "KOCHI: It was after much deliberation that the Southern Naval Command (SNC) decided to shift the venue for the public display of its operational prowess from Fort Kochi to backwaters in the heart of city in 2010.When SNC showcases its power for the third consecutive year at the venue on Saturday evening, a 150-odd strong team of the Navy and the Indian Coast Guard, led by Captain Sunil Srivastava, will be looking to repeat the show which has won accolades over the past three years.\"The major problem we face is from shallow waters as Navy ships cannot come closer to the shore for the public to see the display more clearly. We have put in a lot of effort to organize the display which will involve nine ships and 15 aircraft, including helicopters,\" said Srivastava, who is the officer-in-charge of the Navigation Direction School at SNC.The officer said the team had considered various aspects when SNC decided to shift the venue.\"Our challenges increased as we have to look at the air safety of flights involved in the demo. There are a lot of buildings and other structures in the area and we have to operate them considering the risks,\" the officer said.This year, the team has brought the largest aircraft of the Indian Navy, TU-142, from the Eastern Naval Command for the demonstration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17527080", "title": "Dengue victim's child critical, wife re-admitted", "text": "MUMBAI: Four-year-old Tasneem Jafri, whose father Tariq died of dengue on Wednesday, continues to fight for her life at civic-run BYL Nair Hospital in Mumbai Central.Tasneem's mother Shakila is also admitted to Nair hospital with dengue.A tax agent from Malwani, 32-year-old Tariq became the fourth victim of dengue in the city. The Jafris contracted the ailment one after another. Initially, they were admitted to Suchak Hospital in Malad. The family was later referred to Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital in Andheri (W).On Friday, Shakila, who had taken discharge from Kokilaben hospital after her husband's demise, was admitted to Nair hospital again as her platelet count was low.Doctors from Kokilaben as well as Nair hospitals said Tasneem's condition was critical. A doctor from Kokilaben hospital said the ailment has already affected Tasneem's organs, mainly the liver. \"She is conscious but her liver functions are worrying,\" said the doctor, adding, \"The child had to be sent to Nair hospital as she was finding it difficult to stay without her mother.\" wanted to be with her unable to stay in the paediatric intensive care unit of the hospital without her mother.A doctor from Nair hospital said Tasneem was having breathing problems and was already in respiratory distress. \"There is fluid accumulation in her right chest. She is in the intensive care unit and we are closely monitoring her condition,\" said the on-duty doctor. \"Shakila's condition is stable,\" he added.The death caused by dengue has surprised city doctors who said it was a very unusual time for the mosquito-borne illness to strike. Consultant physician Dr Hemant Thacker said five of his patients are admitted to two hospitals with dengue. \"Fresh dengue cases are still coming. The worrying trait of dengue this year has been prolonged fever, aches and rashes leading to longer hospital stays,\" he said.Figures with the BMC had earlier shown that congested localities in south Mumbai like Byculla and Worli were the denguehotspots. But the head of BMC's epidemiology cell, Dr Mangala Gomare, said, dengue mosquitoes attack during the day and the areas where the victims reside may not give a correct impression.\"People may be getting infected at their workplaces or anywhere in between.\"Despite the death, city physicians as well as the BMC insist that dengue cases have been coming down. As opposed to 242 and 237 cases reported in September and October respectively, 166 cases were reported in November. So far, Mumbai has witnessed 907 dengue cases.Dr Krishnakant Dhebri, a physician from Girgaum, said, \"Dengue cases have seen a slight dip in the last few weeks. But, there are quite a few fresh malaria cases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17526612", "title": "Disabled kids taken on picnic", "text": "BHOPAL: Under corporate social responsibility, State Bank of India ( SBI ) local headquarters organised a picnic for mentally and physically disabled children on Thursday. The children from Asha Niketan Hospital and Rehabilitation Centre were taken to Kamla Nehru children's park. Regional manager Sharad Chandok also distributed sweets and clothes among these children.Doctors' recruitment: Recruitment on 15,000 posts of doctors and other employees in three departments in the state will be made in the coming quarter. Over 2,000 posts of doctor, an equal number of posts of nurse and 9,000 posts of other employees will be filled up in the public health and family welfare department. Besides, 700 posts of doctors and 1,200 of paramedical staff will be filled up in the AYUSH department apart from 20 posts of doctor in the gas relief department. Necessary action is being taken regarding the special recruitment campaign by MPPSC and PEB, an official spokesman said on Friday.100 posts: Recruitment of ex-servicemen on sanctioned posts of special auxiliary police will be held at 8 places on December 9. A total of 100 posts are sanctioned. Home minister Umashankar Gupta reviewed recruitment process at a meeting with officers here on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17526894", "title": "Hyderabad-bound plane hits light mast at Delhi airport", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a freak incident, the wing of a Hyderabad-bound SpiceJet plane with 142 people onboard was damaged after pilot veered off the guiding line and hit a highmast light post while taxiing out of IGI airport here. The DGCA has ordered a probe into the incident which happened around 7.40 PM on Thursday, when SpiceJet's Boeing 737-800, operating on Delhi-Hyderbad route (SG 239), was taxiing out of the parking bay to the runway for take off from Delhi airport.A spokesperson of the IGI airport operator -- Delhi International Airport Limited (DIAL) said, \"Preliminary observations suggest that the aircraft came off the taxiway guiding line and as a result it hit the post. Due to this the high mast light also got damaged.\" All the passengers on board were unaffected. Following the incident, the pilot of the aircraft aborted take-off and the passengers were sent to Hyderabad in a separate plane after a delay of about two hours, they said, adding the aircraft departed from Delhi at 21:25 hours. Terming the incident as minor, the airline, in a statement, said \"we are doing an internal investigation in this matter. We would like to reiterate that for SpiceJet, safety of its passengers is of utmost importance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17528852", "title": "9-member gang nabbed by police", "text": "COIMBATORE: City police on Thursday arrested nine people and seized three sickles, iron rod, two wooden logs, a button knife, two sovereigns of gold chain and a car from them. Police said, the gang planned to rob a jewellery shop at Mettupalayam.The accused have been identified as N Jothi alias Parthiban, 25, M Surendar, 24 and K Sounder, 24, from Viluppuram; F Praveen, 24 and S Muthu from Tindivanam; R Rajathilipan, 21 from Seerkazhi; S Rajeshkumar, 23 from Dindigul; R Rajkumar, 24 from Tiruvallur and S Suresh, 24 from Arapalayam in Madurai.According to police, Rajathilipan is a final-year student of BE (Civil and Structural Engineering) at Annamalai University in Chidambaram. He travelled along with the gang in a car and showed his ID when police stopped the car during routine vehicle checks. On December 6 evening, the gang entered Coimbatore.Around 9 pm, they assaulted G Muthuraja and snatched two sovereigns of gold chain from him. Muthuraja, who works as a manager in a private finance firm at Singanallur was walking on Kamarajar road with a bag containing Rs 5 lakh. The gang waylaid him and tried to snatch the bag. However, he managed to flee from the gang but they were successful in snatching his gold chain. Muthuraja shouted for help from the locals. The public gathered but the gang fled from the area in a car. Muthuraja lodged a complaint with Singanallur police station.Meanwhile, the city police was alerted by Organised Crime Intelligence Unit (OCIU) who followed the gang for a week. The city police commissioner, A K Viswanathan formed six special teams led by DCP T Senthilkumar (law and order) and DCP Pravesh Kumar. The special teams travelled in three vehicles dressed in plain attires. The police got information that the gang was waiting at Molagoundenpalayam at Uthukuli in Tirupur district.On Friday around 4 am, the special teams surrounded the gang members, who had left the weapons in the car. Seeing the police, the gang started to run and entered Molagoundenpalayam village. Over 20 police officers were involved in the search. The nine-member gang was taken to Coimbatore and a detailed inquiry was conducted with them. Inquiry revealed that one of the gang members, Parthiban has escaped from the police net.\"The gang had planned to rob gold jewels from a jewellery shop at Mettupalayam. The gang was operated by two prisoners and the gang members told us that one person bought chloroform in Coimbatore city and another one was ready to help to identify the jewellery owner in Mettupalayam. We have to nab the two persons and one absconding gang member also. We are also gathering information about the two prisoners who operated the gang members,\" said city police commissioner Viswanathan.Sources said two prisoners lodged in Trichy central prison operated the gang members. The arrested gang members have been involved in several cases including murders, dacoits, robbery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17526550", "title": "Two-wheeler rider identified, faces probe", "text": "BANGALORE: Police identified the two-wheeler rider who rear-ended the car of a Manipuri playwright Swar Thounaojam which led to ugly scenes on DVG Road on Wednesday night. He abused her and other passersby heckled and misbehaved with her.Refusing to divulge his identity, police said they'd question him soon. A departmental inquiry has been ordered against the traffic policeman who allegedly dragged Swar and punched her on her arms. He also looked on as the mob heckled and abused her.Swar took photographs of the rider and unruly men with her mobile phone. \"I've been to the police station and they said they've identified the rider who assaulted me and an inquiry will be ordered against the policeman,\" Swar told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17528222", "title": "2 held for duping trader of 5 lakh", "text": "Pune: The Yerawada police on Thursday arrested two men for allegedly duping a trader of Rs 5 lakh on the promise of doubling his money through black magic. The incident took place between April 17 and December 6 in Yerawada and Malgaon.The police have identified the suspects as Thapa alias Bahadur Chauhan (38) of Ganeshnagar, Yerawada, and Anil Hari Thakare alias Pintya Baba (35) of Malgaon in Nashik district. Assistant inspector S L Dubal told TOI that the complainant, Govind Kulkarni (35) of Sangvi, knew suspect Thapa when Kulkarni was staying in Yerawada. \"Kulkarni was in need of some money for his business and approached Thapa. Thapa told him that Thakare knew black magic and would help him. Soon, Thapa and Kulkarni went to Nashik to meet Thakare. Thakare took some money from Kulkarni and returned double the amount to him,\" Dubal said. Winning Kulkarni's trust, Thakare told him to bring more cash. On April 17, Kulkarni, his three friends and Thapa went to Nashik and met Thakare with Rs 5lakh, Dubal said. Thakare took all of them to a secluded place. After taking the money from Kulkarni, Thakare told him to leave the spot immediately as there could be danger to his life because of the ghosts in the area. \"So, Kulkarni and his friends returned to Pune. After that Thakare was not traceable,\" Dubal said. On Tuesday, Kulkarni lodged a complaint. \"We arrested Thapa and Thakare under section 420 (cheating) of the Indian Penal Code. They were produced before the court and remanded in police custody till December 9,\" the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17526548", "title": "NGOs must sterilize strays, says court", "text": "BANGALORE: The responsibility of sterilization and vaccination of stray dogs should be entrusted to NGOs and agencies in a decentralized manner, the high court said on Friday. \"A report of their activities should to be submitted on a regular basis for verification.\"Stray dogs diagnosed by a qualified veterinarian as incurably ill or mortally wounded will be euthanized as per Rule 9 of the Animal Birth Control-Dogs (ABC-D) Rules, the court said. It said \"furious, dumb and rabid dogs should be dealt with in terms under Rule 10\".\"Dogs outside the scope of Rules 9 or 10 but which are a menace or cause nuisance, irrespective of whether there is evidence of them having mauled or bitten children or adults, could be exterminated in the manner prescribed under Rule 9, under the orders of the commissioner of BBMP,\" the court said.\"BBMP must take serious note of complaints with regards to unruly stray dogs; complaint cells have to be set up in various zonal offices and act in accordance with law, under Rules 9, 10 and 11 with regard to culling,\" the bench said.Making it clear that central /state laws do not need to be struck down, the court said sterilization and vaccination of stray dogs must be carried out on a regular basis by holding additional camps in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17526760", "title": "Akbar, Dara Shikoh had set examples of Hindu-Muslim unity", "text": "VARANASI: The city remained calm and peaceful on December 6, the fateful day when Babri Masjid was demolished in Ayodhya 20 years back. However, it was like an annual feature that the security was heightened to avert any untoward situation and maintain communal harmony.But, Banaras which since time immemorial has been an important religious centre for Hindus, also set an example of Hindu-Muslim amalgamation. It was here that Dara Shikoh, the son of the Mughal emperor Shah Jahan, spent several years of his life and his name is preserved in the muhalla of Daranagar.According to the records of the district gazetteers, he was a man of considerable learning and broad views. One of his accomplishments is the translation of Upanishads into Persian, in which he was aided by 150 pundits of the city.Dara also extended his patronage to the pundits. Besides, city also flourished under the rule of the Mughal emperor Akbar.During the reign of Jahangir, the rebellion of his son Khurrarn, afterwards known as Shahjahan, occurred. In 1624 the prince was compelled to retire to Banaras.When Shahjahan ascended the throne he departed from the tolerant principles of his grandfather Akbar and gave orders that all temples in course of construction should be destroyed. It is said that in consequence, no fewer than 76 temples were demolished in Banaras alone.In 1657, Banaras was attacked by Shuja, then in charge of Bengal, but he was met at Bahadurpur on the right bank of the Ganga by Raja Jai Singh on behalf of Dara Shikoh. He was defeated and escaped down the Ganga towards Bengal. Next year, Dara was overthrown near Agra by Aurangzeb.But about the same time Shuja again advanced westwards, seized Banaras, ejected Ram Das, the commandant of the fort, exacted loan of three lakhs from the merchants of the city and then proceeded to annex Jaupur and Allahabad. His success was short lived, for not long afterwards he was defeated by Aurangzeb at Khajuha in the Fatehpur district and the province passed into the hands of the victor.The next mention of Banaras is in connection with the flight of the Maratha leader Sivaji from the imperial court at Agra in 1666. He found a ready refuge with the Brahmans of the place.Three years afterwards, the city felt the heavy band of Aurangzeb, who razed the celebrated temple of Bisheswar to the ground and erected a mosque.There can be no doubt that the city flourished greatly under the tolerant rule of Mughal emperor Akbar and once again resumed its ancient position as the religious centre of Hindus. Many temples were built by Hindu princes and notably by Raja Man Singh of Amber and other members of the Jaipur family. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17528585", "title": "Pirated DVDs worth 25 lakh seized", "text": "PUNE: The city crime branch on Friday raided a shop on NIBM road in Kondhwa and seized pirated DVDs and five DVD writers, together worth Rs 15.10 lakh.Shop owner Anil Singh of Wanowrie has been booked in this regard.The social security cell of the crime branch, led by senior police inspector Bhanupratap Barge, raided the shop. Barge said the police seized DVDs of new Hindi, English and Marathi movies as well as some porn films. A case has been registered at the Kondhwa police station, Barge added.He said that his team had also seized pirated DVDs worth Rs 9.95 lakh near the Pune railway station on December 1. The police have registered offence against five persons at the Bund Garden police station .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17528447", "title": "Chair on Diaspora Studies at Goa University at Faleiro's instance", "text": "PANAJI: A Chair on Diaspora Studies has been established at Goa University at the instance of former union minister Eduardo Faleiro who requested former human resources minister Kapil Sibal for the same, Faleiro told the media on Thursday.Faleiro said, \"A Chair on diaspora studies has now been established at Goa University, fully funded by the University Grants Commission.\"Faleiro said that a course on Diaspora Studies will be available from the next academic year 2013-14. The Chair will deal with issues concerning the Indian Diaspora in general and the Goan Diaspora in particular along with the study of migration in other countries. It will also undertake research studies pertaining to migration of Goans to the neighbouring areas of North Karnataka and South Maharashtra in the 16th and 17th century due to religious, cultural and economic reasons.Subsequently, the Chair will conduct PHD programmes and short term courses by inviting scholars from India and abroad.Faleiro said that Sibal has also agreed to his request to institute an annual lecture in memory of Goan freedom fighter the late Purushottam Kakodkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17526895", "title": "YEIDA land transfer policy changed to curb black market", "text": "NOIDA: To curb black marketing of land allotments in the Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority (YEIDA) area, the policy of land transfers has been changed whereby allottees would now be required to enter into 'agreements-to-lease' with the Authority to be able to transfer their allotments. This replaces an earlier policy, in practice since the inception of the Authority, wherein allotments could be transferred without entering into agreements.As per the Authority, the old policy allowed for open transfers which had threatened the spawning up of a huge black market. The new policy would prevent land allotments from changing several hands before the actual signing of lease deeds. It would also help increase revenues for the state government in terms of stamp duties paid through registration of plots.\"Substantial losses were being caused to the state exchequer on account of this practice in terms of non-payment of stamp duties,\" said a senior Authority official. The new policy of land transfers, as per officials, has already got the approval of the board of the Authority.However, according to the Authority, the policy is not applicable for owners of those plots, which are located in khasras of villages that have appealed in various courts against land acquisition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "tivim", "code": "17528156", "title": "Forte Novo de Tivim falling apart due to neglect", "text": "TIVIM: Lying along a road less travelled, the ruins of Forte Novo de Tivim are an indication of the impenetrable barricade that once protected this beautiful village in the past centuries.Barely 5 kms from Mapusa, a majestic avenue lined with mango trees takes one to the interiors of Tivim, which is a nice mix of modernity and heritage remains in the form of ruins of forts.The sight of a board 'protected site' placed in front of a decaying structure of stones, overgrown with weeds and bushes, induced us to venture deeper into the isolated patch of forest area.The locals were quite forthcoming and, a villager, Vishal Palyekar explained the significance of the board. \"It's a fort falling apart due to neglect,\" he said. \"There are two more forts if you keep walking further on,\" said Devika Parab.The Forte Novo de Tivim was built by the count of Linhares in 1635. Subsequently, count of Alvor decided to raise two more auxiliary forts to reinforce the protective barrier to the village which forms the northernmost tip of Bardez taluka, and completed them in 1681.These were named Forte de Assumcao de Tivim and Forte de Meio do Tivim.Wedged between the villages of Revora and Colvale, the forts of Tivim were a daunting sight for invaders. Of the two minor forts, the one at Dhanwa had an underground tunnel, which connected to an area near the Tivim ground.All the three forts were linked to each other by a strong wall protected by a deep ditch, which was originally dug to link the river Chapora to river Mandovi at Moira. The project was stopped due to lack of funds, but for quite some time, before it silted over the centuries, the ditch reinforced the protective barrier to Bardez against attacks from the enemies of the Portuguese.Forts and other monuments in Goa are considered glorious examples of the state's rich and historic past as well as military, political and economic importance. It may have been difficult to conquer new territories, but defending against invaders was equally a mammoth task.As Old Goa was the capital then, the protective ring of forts and the walls linking some of the forts from Colvale towards the capital served as an impregnable defence.History is replete with accounts of series of attacks by the Bhonsles, Ranes and the Marathas from across the river Chapora.But the rot and decay of the once solid barriers, which withstood a series of attacks from invaders, is saddening even for the villagers. \"This fort was falling apart since many years and no conservation has been carried out for years despite several pleas by the villagers,\" Palyekar said.Foliage itself has become a barrier to the forts. About a decade ago, a few villagers from Colvale, Tivim and Revora, concerned about the precarious condition of the forts, came together to discuss the issue. They held a few meetings and decided to approach the state archives and archaeology department to seek protection for the age-old heritage assets.The government had also formed a task force to study the status of forts in Goa. \"Around ten members held meetings and visited the forts in Goa and placed its recommendations before state archives and archaeology department,\" a member said.One of the members, who also attended the villagers meeting at Tivim fort to save the fort, was also part of the task force. \"It was our duty to bring the condition of these forts to the government's notice,\" he said.\"Finally, the authorities placed a board near the fort to indicate that it's a protected site,\" says Shantaram Halankar, a teacher and Tivim resident.But the degradation of the old citadels continues. Every monsoon, the fort walls become weaker, newer stones are dislodged from it and come crumbling down due to total neglect.\"The conservation will be taken up shortly,\" a state archives and archaeology department official said. But the department is handicapped by a shortage of manpower, including technical staff, sources said. Several conservation projects have been taken up, but lack of staff puts limitation on the effort.The forts which stood high for several centuries are gradually disappearing from view. Nature and man contributes to the ruin. \"People rob stones despite the notice being put up near the monument,\" Rishikesh Halankar, a local youth said.The village elders recall nostalgic moments of the glorious structures. \"We had seen the forts and tunnels in better condition,\" a villager said. They are unhappy that their children are witness only to the decadent sights of the once-formidable edifices.\"If timely action is not taken, we might lose something of great historical value, and we may only regret it later,\" a village elder said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17527161", "title": "Australian chief of air force air marshal Geoffrey Brown flies Su-30", "text": "JODHPUR: Australian Chief of Air Force Air Marshal Geoffrey Brown tried his hands on India's frontline fighter plane on Friday. Brown is on a two-day visit to Jodhpur air force station. Jodhpur air base had deployed one squadron of Sukhoi last year and will be soon getting another squadron.According to sources, Brown expressed his wish to fly Su-30 on Friday noon. \"He flew it over the base as a small sortie and landed at the base expressing his delight at the experience,\" told a source.Brown had landed at Jodhpur air base with a six-member delegation on Thursday evening, with a view to discuss the issues of common interest with the air commodore of Jodhpur air force station R N Gaekwad and visit the air force station of Jodhpur.Besides this, Brown and his wife Amanda also watched the ongoing Horse Polo tournament at Polo Grounds and visited the Mehrangarh Fort and Umaid Bhawan Palace with the delegation.Brown will fly for New Delhi on Saturday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17527355", "title": "Cauvery row affects truck, bus traffic", "text": "COIMBATORE: Movement of trucks and state buses to Karnataka from western Tamil Nadu came to a complete halt on Friday at major border checkposts including Bannari near Sathyamangalam, Gudalur near Udhagamandalam and Palar near Mettur, following protests by farmers in Mandya, Karnataka, against the decision to allocate Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu.Movement of vehicles between Bangalore and Salem via Hosur and Krishnagiri was normal and incident-free. However, buses with Tamil Nadu registration from Ooty and Gudalur bound for Karnataka were prevented from entering Karnataka at Kakkanalla checkpost near Gudalur. Passengers had to cross the border on foot and take Karnataka buses to their destinations. Meanwhile, vehicles with Kerala registration were allowed to cross the inter-state border.Hundreds of trucks are stranded along inter-state roads at Bannari, Gudalur and Palar after police officials from bordering districts in both states decided to restrict the entry of government and goods vehicles as a precautionary measure to avert any untoward incident from late Wednesday night. Hundreds of Tamil Nadu registration trucks loaded with perishable and non-perishable goods are now waiting for clearance from local officials to travel to various parts of the country.On Friday, Tamil Nadu State Lorry Owners Federation urged members not to operate trucks on these routes until the situation improves. While most of the trucks are waiting at the checkposts, about 50 trucks stranded at Bannari returned to their point of loading. \"We held a discussion with our counterparts in Chamaraj Nagar, a border district of Karnataka, and decided not to let buses and goods trucks cross the border. It is just a precautionary measure and tTill now there has been no untoward incident has been reported from the region,\" said R Ponni, SP, Erode district.However, there were reports that some truckers, who were forced to halt at Bannari on TN side, resorted to a minor protest and blocked traffic demanding permission to enter Karnataka on Friday morning. Police officials are keeping a close vigil on the situation on either side of the border to prevent any incident of violence or arson.Police officials have been cautious not to let the law and order situation deteriorate as a forum of farmers has launched a hunger strike in Mandya against the standing order to release Cauvery water.According to K Arumugam, president, Truckers Association of Coimbatore, the route was vital for the movement of goods through Tamil Nadu to Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and states in northern and central India. \"Around 3,000 goods vehicles ply through the route on a daily basisand we are hoping that the tension eases and movement is resumed at the earliest. Many vehicles are carrying perishable commodities which will get spoilt if the trucks are further delayed,\" Arumugam added. As per reports from Palaru, over 200 trucks have been stranded there while the number is about 350 in Gudalur.K Nallathambi, president, Tamil Nadu State Lorry Owners' Federation (TNSLOF) said transport of agricultural products like coconut, vegetables, raw banana, sugarcane and wooden logs would get affected if truckers stopped operations. \"We also advised our members not to book any goods so far to Mysore and Mandya. But there were no issues at Hosur checkpost. Even after protests erupted, thousands of trucks are plying inside Karnataka,\" he added.A lot many commuters are banking on trains to access destinations in Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17526492", "title": "B S Yeddyurappa wants all MPs to quit over Cauvery", "text": "BELGAUM: Not satisfied with the state MPs' protests on the Cauvery row, former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa felt that all 28 MPs from the state should resign to bring pressure on the Prime Minister.Yeddyurappa, who was on a mission to woo BJP legislators here on Friday to the Haveri event, said state MPs are only bothered about their chair and are hardly fighting for the cause. \"If the same treatment was meted out to Tamil Nadu , their MPs would not have allowed Parliament to function. If the Haveri event was not scheduled, I would've staged a dharna before Parliament,\" he said.He met Speaker KG Bopaiah and law minister S Suresh Kumar in the Suvarna Vidhana Soudha and suggested that they adjourn the House for two days so that chief minister Jagadish Shettar can take all the legislators to New Delhi to apprise the PM of the state's situation.Asked if Shettar was right in releasing water, Yeddyurappa said the PM's award at the Cauvery River Authority (CRA) back in September was highly favourable to Tamil Nadu. \"The first lapse was in the judgment of the CRA,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527101", "title": "Namdhari sent to Tihar till Dec 13", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Friday sent the sacked Uttarakhand minority panel chief, S S Namdhari, and his PSO Sachin Tyagi to Tihar Jail for six days. Metropolitan magistrate Rajinder Singh sent Namdhari and Tyagi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d arrested for their alleged roles in the Ponty Chadha shootout case \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to jail till December 13, after the police said that their further custody is not required.The court also directed the prison authorities to lodge Tyagi in a separate cell after his counsel Ranbir Singh said other undertrial prisoners might harass him there. \"Jail superintendent is directed to lodge the accused Tyagi in a separate cell, which is exclusively made for police personnel facing trial...\" the court said.The Delhi Police's crime branch, which had booked Namdhari for allegedly killing Ponty Chadha's brother Hardeep, had him in its custody for 13 days. Tyagi, a constable with Uttarakhand Police since 2005, was also probed for three days.During the hearing, the police had requested the court to remand both the accused to judicial custody as the other 6 accused will also be produced on the same day before the court. Earlier, the court had extended Namdhari'scustody saying his custody was required to recover the alleged weapon and vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "17527380", "title": "Goods train derail in Bahraich, 15 catch fire, zero casualties", "text": "BAHRAICH: Fifteen wagons of a goods train carrying fuel derailed and burst into flames between Jarwal and Saryu railway stations in Bahraich district in the wee hours this morning, throwing rail traffic out of gear on the Lucknow-Gorakhpur route. Out of the 16 wagons of the train which derailed, 15 caught fire, PRO, Northern Railway, Alok Srivastava told TOI on Friday.However, there were no casualties. The cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained. \"At least 11 trains have been diverted and three others cancelled,\" added the PRO.Fire tenders were immediately rushed to the spot to douse the raging flames. According to Vikas Singh, a railway official, the train's driver, who was injured while trying to escape, had to be rushed to a hospital in an ambulance.Railway employees detached 31 other wagons of the train and fire tenders rushed from Lucknow and Bahraich. They were able to control the blaze after seven to eight hours, Srivastava said, and added, \"Nearly 150-metre-long rail track on the down line and 50 metres on the up line has been badly damaged due to the fire.\"General manager of north-eastern railway B Ramachandran has ordered an inquiry and rail traffic on the route is likely to be restored by the evening. Senior railway officials have rushed to the spot, he said, adding that the loss is worth crores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17526572", "title": "College girl undergoes two surgeries", "text": "BANGALORE: S Sharanya, 18, a II PU student of St Joseph's Indian Composite Pre-University College, underwent two surgeries on Friday morning at Mallya Hospital.She was rushed there on Thursday morning after she allegedly jumped from the 3rd floor of her college building. \"She underwent surgeries on her lower spine and upper arm. Both were performed simultaneously and she is doing fine. She was shifted to the Surgical ICU and is under observation for 24 hours. We should have an update of her health by Monday,\" said Commodore Indru Wadhwani, president, Mallya Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "marrakech", "code": "17530720", "title": "Nalini Siwach remains 50th after 2nd round at LET Q-School", "text": "MARRAKECH: Indian golfer Nalini Singh Siwach played out a superb front-nine but threw away the advantage in the back-nine to stay where she began, at tied 50th, after the second round of the Lalla Aicha Tour School for the Ladies European Tour.Playing the second round at the Al Amelkis Golf Course, the 23-year-old Nalini shot a round of 73 to go with the 75 she had on the first day to be four-over 148 after 36 holes.Nalini needs to get into the top-45 or ties to get into the Final Stage of the LET Q-School.\"Yesterday I had 3-over and 1 over today. I am not hitting it really good right now but on the course I have to do my best. I am just going to remember the positives for the next 2 days and try to play similar rounds and hopefully make it to the final,\" she said.\"I had two birdies yesterday and three today, so hopefully it is getting better. I know what I am doing wrong. What I did on Indian Open two weeks ago and now, is pretty much similar. I just need to stay on the ball and hit it and not trying to see the result even before I hit it. I am being impatient,\" she added.In Group A of the pre-qualifying, amateur Emily Taylor moved into lead at nine-under 135 after rounds of 67 and 68. Julia Davidson (68-69) and Mallory Fraiche (65-73) are lying second and third.In Group B, Holy Clyburn (70-65) was on top at nine-under 135 with Jacqueline Hedwall (66-71) second. Three players are tied at 138.The 154 players who are playing the 1st Stage Pre-qualifying have been divided into two groups of 77 each from which the top 45 and ties will move to the Final Stage.The first Stage is being played from December 6 to 9 and then the five-round Final Stage will be played from December 13 to 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17527329", "title": "Vadodara Municipal Corporation gets down to listing Vadodara's heritage", "text": "VADODARA: For the first time, Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) has initiated an exercise to come out with a comprehensive list of heritage properties in the city. The list will not only include built structures, but also natural heritage spread across the Sanskarnagari.Apart from the VMC, students as well as faculties of architecture institutes in and around the city will join in the exercise. During the first phase, an exhaustive list of public buildings and places will be prepared.The listing has been taken up in the wake of inclusion of heritage regulations in the General Development and Control Regulations (GDCR). The regulations make listings a must and the listed heritage bodies are then graded. The list is then notified by the urban development department. Beside heritage structures, the GDCR has made provisions for heritage precincts that will include areas of cultural, environmental and natural areas like groves, hills, hillocks, water bodies as well as open and wooded areas.Deputy municipal commissioner R K Sugoor said that a format has been prepared for the exercise. \"We will also have training sessions for those involved in the process. Our focus will remain on public buildings initially and at a later stage we can look into private properties,\" he said.The architecture institutes that have joined hands with the VMC include the Department of Architecture of the M S University, School of Environmental Design and Architecture of Navrachana University, Vadodara Design Academy School of Architecture, College of Architecture of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology at Vasad and Arvindbhai Patel Institute of Environmental Design at Vallabh Vidyanagar.\"We plan to have a group of around 50 students who along with the VMC officials will do the field work based on which the list will be made,\" said state co-coordinator of Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) Sanjeev Joshi, who is coordinating the efforts for the listing. Joshi pointed out that besides the list itself, the process of involving students will ensure that even they get sensitized about heritage and related issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17528248", "title": "Probe ordered into breach of privacy", "text": "KOZHIKODE: District collector K V Mohankumar has directed the district medical officer Dr P K Mohanan to probe into the media reports that the operation theatre at the Kozhikode Medical College Hospital lacked privacy and the surgeries done at the theatre could be viewed from outside.The collector directed an inquiry on the basis of an interim report submitted by additional DMO Dr M K Appunny on Thursday who visited the hospital following protest by the DYFI and Youth Congress activists.A news channel had allegedly telecasted a video of an operation being conducted at the urology department of the medical college on Thursday.The protesters alleged that outsiders can see operations through the windows of the operation theatre. \"We suspect the involvement of hospital staff in the videographing of the surgery. Stringent action will be taken against those who are found guilty in the incident,\" said the district collector.Meanwhile, the ADMO, who submitted interim report, said the place was a secured area. But if such a video recording has taken place it is a violation of the privacy of the patient.\"There is something fishy in the entire episode,\" he said.He added that he has also directed the medical college principal, Dr C Ravindran to submit a report to the district collector within a week.\"A new committee headed by the medical college principal will be formed to conduct an inquiry at the institutional level,\" said the ADMO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531161", "title": "Ram Charan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Nayak audio release on Dec 15", "text": "The audio release of Ram Charan-starrer Nayak will be held on December 15. Peoples Plaza (Necklace Road), Nanakramguda and a couple of other venues are being considered for the event and an exact picture is expected in a day or two. The film's producers DVV Danayya and Radhakrishna have almost locked the above date for the audio launch, which is to be held on a grand scale.Apparently, Ram Charan wants to have a better location for the audio to take place on a splendid note. Incidentally, the audio of Ram Charan's earlier film Racha was also launched at the same venue.Director VV Vinayak is currently fiming scenes in Ramji Film City and the movie has Kajal Agarwal and Amala Paul playing the leadig ladies. SS Thaman is providing the soundtrack. Chota K Naidu is the cinematographer and Akula Shiva is providing the story. Nayak is gearing for release on January 9, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17526367", "title": "Woman who abandoned child in KEM traced", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bhoiwada police on Friday tracked down the woman who had abandoned her week-old son at KEM Hospital on November 11. The police found her living on a footpath in Khar Danda.Sarita Ritesh Sonawane (22) has reportedly told the police that she was unable to take care of the child. She also said that she was forced to leave the baby in the hospital as she is too poor to look after his medical expenses.The police managed to trace the woman with the help of the NGO that had got her admitted to the civic-run hospital. According to the police, on November 6, the NGO admitted Sonawane to Bhabha Hospital in Bandra (W) after she delivered the baby by the roadside. \"On November 11, she fled, leaving behind the baby. Sonawane was referred to KEM from Bhabha after she was diagnosed with a heart condition. She was admitted to ward 32 of the hospital and the baby was kept in the paediatric intensive care unit. She claimed she did not have money to raise the child,\" said assistant commissioner of police (Bhoiwada division) RB Poman.During the search The NGO tracked down the woman at Khar Danda and inquired about why she abandoned her own child.\"Sonawane told the police that she got scared when doctors at the hospital informed her that the child may have a problem with his hands and would require treatment,\" said the police. Till the time of going to press, the police were recording Sonawane's statement. The police will register an FIR against her.The day she abandoned the child, she had told the hospital staffers that she was going to feed the baby. She never returned to the hospital after that day.Doctors at KEM said the child was healthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "17526960", "title": "Man's hands chopped off for having 'illicit' relationship", "text": "ALWAR: Five persons on Friday chopped off the hands of a 25-year-old youth in Karoli district allegedly for having an illicit relationship with a woman from his village.The incident happened around 10 am in Sapotra police station area, when relatives of the woman chopped the hands of Papu Sharma and ran away with his hands. According to the police, a team of five police stations has been sent to arrest the accused.According to Papu's father, Ram Krishen Sharma, around, 5 pm on Thursday, the brother of the girl, Rekh Singh, asked Papu to come along to his house, where his uncle Hari meena wants to speak to him regarding some issues.Papu was forced to sit in their room the entire night and was thrashed by her family members. Moreover, he was asked to sign on papers claiming half of his property will be in name of Rekh who was allegedly having relationship with Papu.When Papu refused to sign the papers his hands were chopped above elbow. He was immediately referred to SMS hospital after he was taken to Gangapur hospital.On the other hand, it was reported that a woman of the family was missing since morning and was recovered from Papu house on Thursday.Deputy superintendent of police Raghu Singh said, \"The incident occurred due to the illicit relationship. The villagers claimed Papu, had an illicit relationship in village earlier despite being married. We have sent teams from five police stations to arrest the accused.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17526603", "title": "Jaya announces more sops for small-scale industries", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Friday announced an array of sops for power-starved small industries, including waiving VAT on furnace oil used in gen-sets.In addition, the margin money on loans obtained for buying gen-sets through the state-owned Tamil Nadu Industrial Investment Corporation has been reduced from 20% to 10%. It came after a delegation of small industry representatives from Coimbatore and other cities met the chief minister to apprise her of the current situation. In an official release, the CM said she had ordered VAT to be reduced on gen-sets from the present 14.5% to 5%, besides extending VAT waiver on furnace oil with retrospective effect from October 1 to May 31, 2013.She said this would result in a loss of 97 crore for the government. Earlier, a similar waiver had been given from February 1, 2012 to September 30, 2012. \"These efforts by my government would help in entrepreneurs generating additional power through gen-sets and ensure more employment opportunities and production,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "haveri", "code": "17528601", "title": "Haveri ready for big-ticket event", "text": "HAVERI: All eyes are on Haveri, the launch pad of former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's new political outfit Karnataka Janata Party (KJP).The launch of the party, considered a breakaway group of the ruling BJP, will be formally announced at a convention organized at the sprawling Gudleppa Hallikeri College ground on Sunday. While the common people of Haveri town are indifferent to the event, the gram panchayat, taluk panchayat and zilla panchayat members from BJP have decided to make the convention a success as they feel honoured that Haveri has been chosen for the launch.Sunday is a holiday for schools, colleges and offices and nearly 10,000 people from Haveri are expected to turn up at the venue to see what happens. The youths are especially enthused as they expect actress Pooja Gandhi, who quit the JD(S), to make an appearance and join the KJP.Petty vendors who sell fast food in stalls are getting ready to make a quick buck and are stocking up more food items.To ensure quick service, they are also hiring boys and girls for the day.A huge shamiana has come up in GH College ground, adjacent to the national highway, on the outskirts of Haveri town. The shamiana is being put up by a firm from Hubli and the draping done by a team of experts from Mumbai. Prakash Hiremath, who is supervising the preparations, said they were arranging for 1 lakh chairs and another 20,000 would be kept in reserve. Party sources expect 5 lakh people to attend the convention, which could be asking for too much.Yeddyurappa dropped by to inspect the preparations on Friday evening, along with son and MP BY Raghavendra, MLAs Nehru Olekar, BP Harish, Haratal Halappa and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17526182", "title": "Mumbai seek outright win", "text": "MUMBAI: In line with the decision that top cricketers, who aren't bound by international duty, make themselves available to play domestic cricket, Team India management decided to send back Harbhajan Singh and Ajinkya Rahane for their respective Ranji Trophy commitments.Their return bolsters the Mumbai and Punjab line-ups that will lock horns in the Group 'A' league tie at the Wankhede Stadium, starting Saturday.Punjab are on a roll like never before in the last few years. They have won four of their five matches outright this season. Mumbai, on the other hand, have been plagued with injuries and non-availability of players. The 39-time Ranji champions have 10 points from four matches and are third in the group, searching for the elusive outright victory.Harbhajan and Rahane flew from Kolkata to join their respective teams, here, on Thursday night after featuring in the opening round of Ranji Trophy this season. Rahane scored a century in that game batting alongside Sachin Tendulkar against the Railways, while Harbhajan had to be content with a three-wicket haul against Hyderabad.Mumbai go into this match with a revamped side as skipper Ajit Agarkar , who missed the last three games, returns from injury. Further, Rahane gets more company top of the order with opener Wasim Jaffer back in the scheme of things.Unlike the wicket in Mohali, that helped Punjab medium-pacers, the Wankhede wicket may offer them little help. Therefore, Harbhajan's return should allow the visitors a better understanding of the conditions here. Mumbai, meanwhile, will have to pull up their socks in the wake of Ramesh Powar having an ordinary run so far in the tournament.The hosts have no choice but to retain Powar simply for the lack of an experienced spinner and can only hope for the offie to finally come good.Mumbai are third in the table with 10 points from four games behind toppers Punjab (29 from 5) and Madhya Pradesh (11 from 4). An outright win will improve their standing in the points tally as the fight to enter the knockout nears.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17527425", "title": "'Upgrade to e-meters by Jan 31'", "text": "MUMBAI: You can expect all taxis and autos in Mumbai to be fitted with new recalibrated e-meters by January 31. According to the transport department, if any driver fails to do so, then he will have to cough up a hefty penalty that will keep increasing every day from February 1.The state government on Friday asked all auto drivers and cabbies to either get the mechanical meters recalibrated or switch over to e-meters by January 31. Drivers with e-meters will have to get them recalibrated by December 15. \"While a majority of e-meters have undergone recalibration, thousands of mechanical meters have to be updated. We want to put pressure on these drivers, which is why the deadline has been fixed as January 31,\" said state transport commissioner V N More.He further stated that there will now be two options before these drivers -- either get the mechanical meters recalibrated or switch immeditately to the new e-meters.During a recent meeting of auto and taxi union leaders with the transport commissioner, the former had expressed their willingness to switch over to e-meters.\"Recalibrating mechanical meters is a cumbersome and costly process. Also, it is not practical. So we expect all the meters to be replaced by the e-meters by January 31,\" More said.This means that from February 1, if everything goes well, you should not find a single auto or taxi in Mumbai with the old mechanical meter and all the new e-meters should be recalibrated.More warned that if drivers still failed to recalibrate the meters, a hefty penalty will be imposed. \"We want the penalty amount to increase every day from February 1. It will be a big deterrent to drivers who are delaying the recalibration process,\" he said. The penalty amount (and the exponential increase every day) will be fixed by the Mumbai Metropolitan Regional Transport Authority (MMRTA) in the next few days.Shirish Deshpande from Mumbai Grahak Panchayat opposed the deadline extension and demanded the removal of the transport commissioner and secretary for \"irresponsibly handling the recalibration issue.\" Auto union leader Thampy Kurien has also opposed the January 31 deadline, saying it was not practically possible for more than 40,000 autos to switch to e-meters in less than two months. \"There is a shortage of e-meters. The drivers will now fix inferior quality e-meter and this will have breakdowns and there will be complaints from commuters,'' he said. He stated that the RTO too was ill-equipped to certify thousands of auto meters within two months. Rival union leader Shashank Rao, however, said he supported the government move and would appeal to members to switch to new e-meters by January end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17528995", "title": "Charity does begin at home", "text": "MUMBAI: What if you had only three months to live? Would you live your life to the fullest and leave behind your earnings to your children or would you rather donate everything to charity? The thought-provoking question raised by Gurcharan Das, author and former CEO of Procter &amp; Gamble , set the tone at the discussion on 'Philanthropy to Atrophy' at the TOI Literary Carnival.While the question evoked mixed reactions, strong case was made out for the need to distinguish between corporate philanthropy and individual philanthropy. The panelists spoke in unison against the government-mandated % spend on CSR (corporate social responsibility ) while supporting the view that independent or personal social responsibility is what India required the most. The members of the panel comprised business historian Gita Piramal, PRS Group chairman Sushil Premchand and translator and author Arshia Sattar,\"As a member of a business, I would like to be asked what I feel about a decision by the chairman to invest a certain amount in a certain philanthropic activity. Every shareholder's interest is involved here. As an individual, however , a person can make such a decision independently ,\" said Piramal.Das said there were moral issues involved when a company, which is answerable to its shareholders, spends a fixed amount on CSR. To me, there is a moral problem when the government of India says 2% CSR is mandatory. How can the government enact such a law?\" asked Das, who moderated the discussion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17528232", "title": "Bees attack six persons in separate incidents at Davorlim", "text": "MARGAO: At least six people are undergoing treatment at the Hospicio hospital, Margao, after they were stung by honeybees at Davorlim.Police sources informed TOI that after two persons were stung by bees from a beehive built in a house on Thursday evening, the locals sought the help of a volunteer from the wildlife rescue squad to drive away the bees.On Friday morning, while the volunteer was attempting to set fire to the beehive, the bees attacked the man and the three others who were present. All four were immediately rushed to the hospital.Acting on the complaint lodged by some locals, the police arrested Vithal Patil, in whose house the beehive was present, and later released him on bail. He was charged under Section 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17527871", "title": "'Abhivyakti' enters the third day", "text": "KANPUR: The Christ Church Degree College affiliated to Chatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University entered the third day of its annual cultural festival 'Abhivyakti' on Friday.A debate competition was held in the college hall. The topic of debate was 'Modern lifestyle is leading us to depression'. Flawless delivery of speech, powerful content, and ability to influence the mind were some of the qualities of the speakers that marked the event.The participants for the motion opined that in the modern lifestyle, the work-life balance is fought with a sense of alienation and stress which is causes harm to the mind, body, and soul. While those who spoke against the motion emphasised that modern lifestyle is synonymous with liberation and freedom, hence there is no room for stress and depression.The judges were Dr SP Singh, Dr AN Tripathi and Dr HM Mehrotra. The event was well coordinated by Dr Sangeeta Gupta, Dr Dorothy Rai, Dr Manish Kapoor and Dr NAveen Kumar Ambhasht.The winner of the event was Pratibha Sharma, a student of BA I year. Samin Shafi of MSC I year and Shantanu Mukherjee of BSC I year grabbed the second and the third positions, respectively.The second event of the day was a Quiz competition that comprised of fatest finger first, audio visual round and rapid fire. The Quiz Masters were Dr Vibha Tiwari and Dr Shalini Kapur. Scoring was done by Dr Anjali Srivastava. The time keeping was done by Dr Anindita Bhattacharya. Avinash PAndey and Mohd Shah Alam of Khurana team won the quiz competition. Shantanu Mukherjee and Amber Nafees of Bhabha team and Ajay Pratap Singh and Shweta Singh of Raman team won the second and the third places, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17527006", "title": "Car in flames triggers panic at fuel pump", "text": "CHENNAI: A major fire was averted on Friday morning when employees at a petrol outlet on GST Road in Meenambakkam managed to push out a burning car on to the road. A petrol-laden tanker and another with diesel were next to the burning car and \"anything could have happened\", the staff said.Mohamed Saleem was at the wheel of the car, which was behind two autorickshaws, when some of the staff noticed flames underneath the vehicle.C Senthil, an attendant at the outlet, said the incident occurred around 10am. \"We alerted the driver and as soon as he got down fire engulfed the car. We moved out other customers and tried to douse the flames with fire extinguishers but failed. Eight of us then pushed it out on the road. We were lucky,\" Senthil said. A fire officer of the Chennai airport, who was passing by on his bike, came in and helped them, the petrol outlet staff said.The car was completely gutted. Soon, fire tenders from Tambaram rushed to the spot, doused the flames and pushed the vehicle to the side of the road.Traffic on the busy stretch came to a halt. It resumed after nearly half an hour.Saleem said he did not know if a malfunction in the vehicle sparked the fire and added that \"it was god's grace that nothing happened.\" \"Otherwise, the entire area, including the hotel nearby, would have gone up in flames as two tankers full of petrol and diesel were right next to the burning car,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17526577", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcDocumentary, audience gap must be bridged\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MADURAI: There is a huge gap between documentary films and its audience, says Anjali Monteiro, professor and dean, School of Media and Cultural Studies, Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Mumbai.Television channels are not giving much importance to parallel films or documentaries. There is no television channel in the country that broadcasts short films and documentaries, rued Monteiro, who was in Madurai to participate in the 14th International Madurai Film Festival, which kicked off on Thursday.\"Except a national news channel, no other television has come forward to telecast the documentary films. Not even the regional televisions support documentary films. Documentary films get a chance to be screened only in film festivals. Awareness among the public about these films should be created. Public should be nurtured with the taste of documentary films so that they will tend to appreciate it,\" Monteiro told TOI.Unlike other countries, where documentary films are produced with good financial support, in India such support is never found. If a larger audience for documentary films is created, then the films can be produced with good budget, she added. Anjali, who is currently working on a documentary film on the Mumbai 1992 riots along with K P Jayasankar, another film maker based at Mumbai noted that documentary films based on the theme of communal violence should be made for the purpose of creating awareness among the public. The films can be used to expose the instigators of such violence she said.\"Most of the instigators of the communal violence go unpunished by the law. They can be exposed to the public through documentary films. They instigate communal violence to divide the public in the name of community and religion and play politics out of it,\" she said.Talking about the present situation of documentary filmmakers, Jayasankar said that \"one cannot make living out of documentary filmmaking. The problem is the documentary films do not reach to the larger audience. Government is neither supporting the documentary films financially nor promoting it among the public. May be the government does not want to encourage the documentary films, which may criticise it by focussing on the public issue,\" he said.Talking about the response from the Madurai audience to the film festival, Monteiro said that students enjoyed the films, especially vernacular language ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17526721", "title": "Traffic out of gear in many areas", "text": "VARANASI: Friday proved to be troublesome day for commuters as the traffic almost collapsed. The situation worsened to such an extent that the SSP had to enter the roads to control the situation.The traffic situations worsened further in the evening because of so many marriage ceremonies. Repeated efforts of the traffic police proved a failure on Friday when the situation turned problematic since afternoon.The busiest Cantonment Railway Station road remained choked with heavy vehicles for hours from morning. The entire stretch from Lanka to Godowlia, Kamachha to Bhelupur and areas like Sigra, Rathyatra, Maldahiya, Nai Sarak, Kabir Chaura, Badi Piyari, Maidagin and trans-Varuna region remained in the grip of slow traffic throughout the day. Office goers, schoolchildren and college students remained stranded for hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17527959", "title": "'Mini India' voters keep candidates guessing", "text": "SURAT: With voters giving no indication of their preference as yet, the candidates contesting Udhna assembly seat are spending sleepless nights. Even heavyweights like BJP's Narottam Patel, who is a sitting minister, have failed to gauge the pulse of the people till now.This constituency is known as mini India because of a large number of migrant voters here. Along with the nearly 77,000 Gujarati voters, there are around 55,000 Marathi voters, 38,000 north Indian and almost 17,500 Oriya voters. One of the reasons why there is no trend emerging in favour of any party or candidate is that Udhna is a new constituency that has been carved out of Choryasi.Despite its strong organizational strength the BJP is finding it difficult to penetrate the voters from other states. Even Congress candidate Dhansukh Rajput is facing an uphill task. He is contesting the assembly poll after he lost the parliamentary elections in 2009 on Navsari seat. Both the parties are facing a shortage of workers on this seat and it will eventually boil down to micro management in the last two days to ensure a victory. Besides these two main contenders there are six other candidates on the seat.The normal hustle-bustle associated with poll campaign is missing and the response to public meetings has been lukewarm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17527806", "title": "Asian Development Bank to lend Rs 2,354cr for road renovation", "text": "RAIPUR: Asian Development Bank (ADB) has sanctioned an amount of Rs 2,354.40 crore for renovation and re-construction of 19 road networks in Chhattisgarh , state's Public Works Development minister Brijmohan Agrawal said.\"Four major roads have been included in the pilot project to be implemented at an estimated cost of Rs 453 crore for which tenders have already been floated,\" he said.For the remaining 15 roads, Agrawal said, loan agreement has been signed and the state PWD has already forwarded the detailed project report to the ADB which is contributing 70% of the total project cost for renovation and re-construction of the 19 major roads. The state will bear the remaining share of 30%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17527939", "title": "Mom's want c-section deliveries, docs happy to oblige", "text": "NAGPUR: More and more women, especially the educated urban ones, are now opting for elective caesarean delivery (c-section), both to avoid pain as well as deliver the baby according to their convenience. Another reason for the trend is that many women these days have a single baby and so do not want risks or complications associated with of a normal (vaginal delivery or VD) delivery.Though doctors are calling this 'primary caesarean on demand', a large section of doctors are also taking advantage of the trend and are in fact promoting c-section as they too do not want any risk. They naturally prefer it over VD as it also brings more money.The trend is not restricted to India. Some senior obstetricians and gynaecologists put the c-section deliveries at 20% while others claim the number may be as high as 40-50% in private sector in India. It is as high as 50% in China, 40% in Thailand and Vietnam , 40% in Chile, 75% in Brazil and 35% in Latin America. According to WHO data and data from International Institute for Population Sciences and Macro-international the c-section average in world was 27% in 2007-08 and is increasing.Prof Alokendu Chatterjee, president-elect of South Asian Federation of Obstetrics and Gynaecology (SAFOG) from Kolkata who was in city recently for a conference, told TOI that the rate of c-section among illiterate, primary and high school pass women was 2.74%, 4.9% and 9.22% respectively while it was 20.74 for higher secondary cleared and above.The c-sections in public hospitals and medical colleges were 12-13% while in private hospitals they were 23.60%. A look at region-wise c-section shows highest rate in south India, urban areas and in high income group. \"Whatever the request from the mother, doctors should stick to medical ethics in all circumstances. They should go for c-section only when it is medically warranted, when normal delivery could be life threatening to either the baby or the mother,\" said Dr Chatterjee.There are some disadvantages of VD over CS like abdominal pain before and after birth, vaginal injuries, heavy bleeding after delivery, uterine rupture and obstetric shock etc. In fact, in planned CS, baby can be admitted in Neonatal Intensive Care Unit, mother and baby could require longer hospital stay, bladder or gut injuries etc and in extreme circumstances even hysterectomy due to uncontrolled bleeding.The vice-president of the Federation of Obstetricians and Gynaecological Societies of India (Fogsi) from city Dr Laxmi Shrikhande said that although she did not have the actual figures, the CS deliveries in private sector ranged from 40-50% and in government medical colleges (GMCs) 25-30%. \"Educated women nowadays take conscious decision for CS. They plan it according to their convenience of job or availability of family members. They also reason that with just one baby they cannot take risk of complications which could lead to mental retardation or low IQ baby and want baby anytime after 37 weeks,\" she said. Defending her colleagues, Dr Shrikhande said no doctor wanted any litigation and would not do CS merely on patient's request.CUT OR WAIT?PROS OF C-SECTION:* Safety has improved drastically* More awareness about morbidity and complications of vaginal or normal delivery* Women's expectations about outcome of pregnancy increased* Trend of culture of choice* Medical data suggest benefits to baby and decrease in maternal morbidity and deaths* Convenience of doctor and patient* Fear of labour pain, physical effects on body- permanent loosening of vagina, diminished sexual function* Medical fraternity accepts patients' right to choose and accepts request in almost 50% casesCONS:* Only a few doctors accept patient's request on informed choice* Agreeing to CS on demand debasing clinical knowledge and wisdom of doctor* Patients can't claim a surgery if not clinically indicated* If obstetricians consider CS safer than they should offer it to all women* No technical evidence showing elective CS safer than vaginal delivery* CS on demand can prove risky in subsequent deliveries in resource poor areas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17526810", "title": "Stumping at PU in high gear for polls", "text": "PATNA: With barely four days to go for the PU Students' Union poll on December 11, election fever has gripped the students and campaigning is in top gear.Sneha Kumari, a second year student of Patna Women College (MMC), expressing her excitement over the election, said, \"Candidates and their supporters are everyday coming to our college promising us virtually the moon. I shall vote for the candidate who promises to get the college rule of not carrying mobiles changed. But this election atmosphere is new to us and we are enjoying it.\"Shivani Sahay, a first year student of BCom of Magadh Mahila College (MMC) who is contesting the election said, \"I am new both to the college and politics, but this election process has given me lots of experience and made me mature.\"Shivani promises her supporters to ensure greater security on college campuses, establishment of a placement cell, better library and better facilities in hostels besides fighting for filling up of the vacant post of teachers.\"This atmosphere is more like a college festival where students of so many colleges are participating and supporting each other. We are getting a chance to meet and interact with students from different colleges. Exchanging views is more like a personality development process for us.\"The election will bring more confidence among the students,\" said Akriti Garg, a first year student of mathematics (honours), PWC.The campaigning is not limited to just college campuses. The candidates are also urging students on Facebook, through e-mails and SMSs to vote for them. Uday Kumar, a postgraduate student of history, who is contesting for the general secretary's post, said, \"We have collected the contact details of various students and sending them SMSs and e-mails, besides contacting them on Facebook. We have also created a Facebook account.\"\"Students are bunking classes just to participate in the election campaign,\" said Jyoti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17521880", "title": "Babul\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s set to make his Bolly debut", "text": "He is part of Jo Bhi Karva Lo, starring Soha Ali KhanJo Bhi Karva Lo by debutant director Sameer Tiwari might be hitting the headlines for inspiring Soha Ali Khan to get under the skin of a Chulbul Pandey-isque character, but there's more news in store. Singer Babul Supriyo is set to make his Bollywood debut with the film. In a first, he'll also be seen dabbling with comedy. Babul, who has been part of Tollywood films before, says, \"Acting is not my bread and butter, but it definitely excites me. Singers getting into acting is a well-acknowledged phenomenon worldwide. But imprudence shown by a few of my contemporaries have made singers a laughing stock in Bollywood.\" The singer-actor will be seen playing a funny character \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Mallik \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in this comedy that stars Arshad warsi , Paresh Rawal, Javed Jaffrey, apart from Soha. \"Arshad has, in fact, said that he's playing the heroine, while Soha is the film's hero. I, in turn, play a chyangra character. We'll start shooting by end-December,\" says Babul, for whom acting happened by chance. He recalls, \"I was midway through a music session with director Tarun Majumdar when he asked me if I could act. I told him jokingly that I would do it if he launches me in his film. Next, he offered me Chander Bari opposite Rituparna Sengupta . That's how it started.\" Babul was also a part of the remake of Uttam Kumar's famous film \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Ogo Bodhu Sundori. \"I love the experience of acting. That's the reason why I've signed up with Arindam Sil's company. He'll be managing my acting assignments from now on,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17526627", "title": "Pregnant dalit woman gang-raped", "text": "BHOPAL: A pregnant dalit woman was gang-raped by three persons in the old city area. The incident took place on December 4, but a case in this regard was registered late on Thursday.The 22-year-old victim was returning to her in-laws place when three persons took her to a deserted area near a water tank in Ibrahimganj and raped.Initially, the victim could not muster the courage to reveal it to anyone but when her mother-in-law pressurized, she narrated the incident after which a case was registered with the police.The accused in the case have been identified as Majnu Gupta, Rohit and Phaddu Chouhan.Officials said victim's mother resides in Karond. She along with her mother was going back to her in-laws place when Majnu, who resides in the same locality, told her mother that he would drop the victim to her in-laws place in Ibrahumganj.He took the woman in an ape auto with him and two more persons joined the accused after some distance. The trio took the woman near an overhead water tank and outraged her modesty.The police said Majnu and Rohit took turns to rape the woman while Phaddu was holding her hands so that she could not resist.Victim later went back home and remained quiet for two days. However, when her mother-in-law pressurized her, she revealed the incident.The police confirmed that victim has a kid and is expecting again. Since she is a dalit, the case is being transferred to the AJK police wing, the police added.Senior officials claimed that one of the accused was known to the victim and she had once given an application to police that he tried to exploit her in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17527138", "title": "MoU for farmers' capacity building inked", "text": "JODHPUR: A memorandum of understanding has been signed between Central Arid Zone Research Institute (CAZRI) and MPOWER for the capacity building of farmers and other rural people with an objective of acquainting them with latest technologies for sustainable agricultural and improving rural livelihoods in six districts of western Rajasthan.Mitigating Poverty in Western Rajasthan (MPOWER) is funded by International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) and managed by the state government. This project is being implemented by NGOs in 1,094 villages of six districts of Jodhpur division which comprise Jodhpur, Jaisalmer, Barmer, Pali, Jalore and Sirohi.Shalander Kumar, a scientist with the CAZRI, said a number of technological interventions as well as income-generating options have been planned in the project to be implemented by different partner NGOs under the MoU. \"Different technological options have been identified by organizing a workshop on 'Targeting Agri-Based Technological Interventions in Arid Western Rajasthan',\" he added.A three-day training on 'Improved Agricultural Technologies for Higher Productivity in Arid Region' was also organized at CAZRI for team leaders and project workers of MPOWER from six districts and it was concluded on Friday. Kumar said the capacity building program has also been planned on development of alternate land use and integrated farming systems, Prosopis juliflora (vilayati babool) pod-based feed, seed production of grass and arid crops and convergence workshop at the district level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17527182", "title": "Parents\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 yes to \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcextensive\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 tests, no to cost burden", "text": "LUDHIANA: Parents of children in CBSE schools have been told to fill up a health card after check-up from various specialist doctors, according to the new CBSE school guidelines. A report on the entire body is to be filled and submitted by March 31 at respective schools.Parents and schools in Ludhiana have welcomed the move. But, on the flip side, there is no denying the fact that CBSE has given parents a tiresome job, which requires a lot of money and time.Dugri's MGM Public School director Gajjan Thind said, \"We are required to submit the medical records of students taking new admissions as well as those already studying to CBSE. The notification elaborates that the health card will help the school remain updated about the medical status of the child. In case of emergency we can just check the record and provide immediate first aid.\"According to the new directives, the health card must contain details of immunization against diseases, serious allergies, surgeries and illnesses. The notification also stresses that medical records have to be updated regularly.Since admission procedures have started and are still continuing, schools have asked parents to bring documents related to the medical history of the child. Dr Parul Kalsi, a resident of Sarabha Nagar, said, \"It's an excellent move by CBSE. Basic tests, including blood and urine, among others, will help the school deal better in case of emergency.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17527863", "title": "Sena\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s FDI stand to woo migrants?", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena MP Anant Gite's speech in the Lok Sabha on FDI could well be a pointer to a new political orientation in the party in the post-Bal Thackeray era, say political observers.Voicing his opposition to FDI in retail , Gite spoke about the plight of Mumbai's north Indian migrant labourers following the introduction of FDI in retail. Stating that there are nearly 35 lakh migrants from northern states living in Maharashtra's capital, Gite said most of them are self-employed and make their daily earnings selling essential commodities.The UPA's move to open the doors for global supermarket chains to set shop in India, Gite said, would rob them of their daily livelihood. The Ratnagiri MP's concern for the migrants from UP and Bihar has raised eyebrows in political circles.Gite's reported statement in the lower house of the parliament may be a hint of an impending change-of-heart in the Sena, presumably to attract Hindi-speaking voters of Mumbai. It could also be a move to turn the tables on the Raj Thackeray-led MNS, which made north Indian-bashing a political credo to upstage the Sena, say party watchers. It is not without significance that the Sena lost all six LS seats from Mumbai to the ruling Congress-NCP combine in the 2009 general elections. The rapidly-mutating demographic pattern of Mumbai had led to the Sena's dismal performance in 2009, say political commentators.Sena spokesperson Rahul Narvekar said Gite's speech should be seen in the \"right perspective\". He added the Sena's political stand on the FDI is clear and Gite was merely trying to persuade the powers in New Delhi to reconsider its FDI move as it may impact their own north Indian brethren living in Mumbai. Uddhav Thackeray's son, Aditya, who heads the Yuva Sena, is said to be keen on the Sena cultivating a pluralistic image given a fast-shrinking percentage of Marathi votes in Mumbai.Said a Congress MP, \"The Sena will have to shed its parochial image and blend with Mumbai's cosmopolitan character. Bal Thackeray carried his agenda with aplomb. However, the new generation will have to revise its poltical strategies and Gite's speech could be an indication of the changes that could come about in the Sena.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17529028", "title": "CCTV cameras removed from Puri beach", "text": "Bhubaneswar: Giving in to protests by women bathers over the last two days, the Puri district administration on Friday removed all CCTV cameras from the beach. The cameras were installed on Wednesday to track anti-social elements often harassing tourists. \"We have completely deactivated the surveillance cameras in view of complaints from tourists. The cameras have been dismantled. Those have been kept in safe place,\" Puri collector Naba Kumar Nayak told TOI. Nayak said a final decision on whether or not the CCTV cameras will ever be installed in future would be taken later. He said the cameras were put in place to prevent theft and eve-teasing on the beach. The project was commissioned at a cost of nearly Rs 9 lakh. Tourists were of the opinion that the cameras should be turned towards the Marine Driver Road and seashore, instead of the sea. \"Instead of recording women bathing in the sea, police should turn the focus towards the crowded shore and adjacent streets,\" said Sanjay Raut, a tourist from Mumbai. Voluntary organizations said the government should develop basic infrastructure on the beach, instead of bringing technological revolution in tourism industry. \"The beach plunges into darkness after sundown. The government has never thought of illuminating the beach,\" said Jagannath Bastia, president of Beach Protection Council of Odisha (BPCO). Though the tourism department recently gave Rs 20 lakh to the district administration for overall development of the beach, major chunk of the money was misused for the CCTV project, he said. BPCO demanded the administration to recoup the money from the service provider. Hoteliers, on the other hand, demanded adequate foot patrolling in lonely parts of the beach. \"Presence of police is much better than cameras. Police should deploy security guards in Baliapanda and Chakratirtha beaches,\" Rajkishore Patra, a hotelier said. The beach town has been witness to attacks on foreigners on solitary parts of beaches in the past. While a Russian couple was assaulted on Chakratirtha Road in the evening of December 23, 2011, another tourist from Czech Republic was attacked on the beach in the evening while strolling with his wife and friend on May 17, 2010. A 28-year-old Russian woman was injured following a stab attack in lonely part of Baliapanda beach on January 18, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17528564", "title": "No decision on making CAG multi-member: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Friday said it has not yet taken a decision on making the Comptroller and Auditor General a multi-member body.Responding to a question in Parliament, minister of state for finance Namo Narain Meena said chairman of the committee looking into Commonwealth Games irregularities V K Shunglu had suggested a three-member body to bring in greater transparency in the CAG's operation.Shunglu had suggested that the CAG should discuss its annual audit plan with the Public Accounts Committee and the CAG report should be provided to the departmental standing committees to facilitate discussion of issues concerning the department.The CAG told the government that the Constitution did not provide for an oversight role for the PAC on the CAG's audit planning. \"Autonomy and independence of the CAG in the preparation of the annual audit plan is critical to his ability to faithfully discharge his constitutional mandate,\" CAG had said.It also said that once the CAG reports are laid on the table of Parliament, these are available in the public domain. It is the prerogative of the departmental standing committees to take note of or discuss the audit findings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17526990", "title": "Goa \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcbeats\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 Karnataka in illegal mining", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rampant illegal iron ore mining in Goa, which has devastated the state, is much larger than the illegal mining in Karnataka, and the Union ministry of environment and forests granted green clearances to 162 mines near national parks and sanctuaries in breach of Supreme Court orders, a report by the CEC (central empowered committee) said.The apex court's high-powered environment panel also said that the illegal mining was carried out allegedly with the \"tacit\" approval of the previous Digambar Kamat government.The report was presented on Friday by amicus curiae A D N Rao before a bench of Justices Aftab Alam, K S Radhakrishnan and Swatanter Kumar.The bench issued notices to the Union and state government seeking their response to the report, which said, \"A very large number of mining leases were being operated by persons other than the lessees and in flagrant violation of the provisions of mining law and in all probability with the tacit approval of the state government.\"The report said that the state experiences plenty of rainfall, which washes the sediments of iron ore mining to the rivers, choking and irreversibly damaging the sensitive Zuari and Mandovi estuaries complex, said to be the largest in the country.The CEC said that during 2006-2011, 39.56 million tonnes of illegal iron ore was exported from the state.\"The bulk of the mining leases are in the forests or natural vegetation and consequently mining has take a heavy toll on Goa's natural vegetation and wildlife,\" the environment panel said through member secretary M K Jiwrajka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17528880", "title": "Mother, daughter &amp; inheritance of craft", "text": "MUMBAI: She's 75 and her daughter is over 40 but keeping down the volume of the music is an issue that persists. \"I work downstairs and Kiran upstairs in the same house. She likes to play music but I can't work that way so I tell her to keep it low,\" said acclaimed writer Anita Desai of her daughter and Booker Prize winning author Kiran Desai. As writers, the two share a relationship of mutual respect and admiration, though not adulation \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a fact that was obvious during a session titled 'The Inheritance of Gain' at The Times of India Literary Carnival on Friday.A cozy sense of being at home with the authors, and nostalgia for the different worlds they have inhabited prevailed at the Aditya Birla Hall in Mehboob Studios as the two talked with Penguin India's publisher Chiki Sarkar about working under the same roof, and sharing similar experiences yet translating them differently onto the page.\"Our styles and our language are different, but people find similarities in the subjects we choose,\" said Kiran, whose second book 'The Inheritance of Loss' won the 2006 Man Booker Prize. \"I owe a huge debt to my mother, to her 'Fire on the Mountain'. That book and mine overlap in subject, they're about different generations dealing with the outside world pouring in,\" she said.Immigration and changing landscapes are themes that recur in both writers' books, and both tend to focus on solitary characters. \"I have a natural affinity for solitary characters because I am like that,\" said Anita. \"Immigration too is a solitary experience in the end. Maybe you have larger communities to live with today, but essentially it is you dealing with your own solitude,\" she said.Anita and Kiran work together a lot and spend at least six hours a day writing, reading, and thinking. They settle into the writing rhythm quickly whichever part of the world they're in, from Goa to Mexico. Mornings are exclusively for work, sometimes evenings too. \"We meet for lunch and I complain about how difficult something is,\" said Kiran.Kiran gets her mother to read everything she sends out. \"I have to give an honest opinion, but I am careful to make editorial remarks without changing her voice,\" said Anita.As a child though, understanding and appreciating her mother's \"other\" life was not so easy. \"My mother had two sides to her,\" said Kiran. There was the mother who sent them to school and did homework, and the other \"mysterious\" side of writing which made her retreat into herself. \"Her quietness, her privacy, she was different from the other mothers,\" Kiran said.So Kiran, like her three siblings, did not want to be a writer. \"My children thought writers were boring,\" said Anita. \"I saw the talent in the letters Kiran wrote home from college but she kept studying science,\" she said.One writing class was all it took for Kiran to realise that she wanted to write. \"I felt such joy. As for the dullness of the life, you get used to it after a while,\" she said, laughing.Anita is perfectly happy about the turn Kiran's life has taken. \"Now I have a companion in this solitude but we still have our space from each other,\" said Anita. \"We need it as writers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17526156", "title": "Savio squeeze into junior boys' final", "text": "MUMBAI: It was a squeaker of a win (60-51) for hosts Savio Club as they put up a tough fight against Nagpada Basketball Association (NBA) to find a place in the under-20 junior boys' final of the Savio Cup All-India basketball tournament at Don Bosco school in Matunga, on Friday.In what looked like the preview to the final, finalists NBA made things difficult for the home team with their quick passing and blistering speed and only lost the game by a narrow margin of nine points. This loss however spelt doom for Indian Gymkhana who would have qualified for the final instead of Savio if Friday's results had been different.Meanwhile, Tamil Nadu registered the highest ever score in the eight-year history of the tournament as they demolished Maharashtra 110-79 on Friday. Rikin Pethani emerged as the highest scorer for TN with 17 points.Results: Junior Boys': Savio Club 60 (Melvin Rego 16, Kush Lahankar 15) NBA 51 (Mohsin Shiekh 20, Arafat Memon 13); TN 110 (Rikin Pethani 17) Maharashtra 79 (Siddhant Shinde 27); Women's: Southern Railways 74 (Geetu Anna Jose 17) South Central Railways 44 (Manda Meshram 12).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527983", "title": "Government sexes up committee\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s name to lure investors", "text": "NEW DELHI: What's in a name? Quite a bit, going by the government's reasons for the much-anticipated National Investment Board (NIB) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d intended to cut red tape and get the economy moving \u00e2\u20ac\u201d not being called a more prosaic cabinet committee on investment.The humbler, though more usual, nomenclature of cabinet committee on investment was junked as government mandarins felt it did not sound sufficiently power packed to beat investor blues and perk up disbelieving markets.In view of the \"current situation of gloom...with growth going down and general cynicism among investors, another cabinet committee may not enthuse the markets as much as an NIB would,\" the finance ministry has pitched in favour of the Board.This was despite both versions having the same powers to consider, monitor and oversee big-ticket investment projects from Rs 1,000 crore onwards.Green ministry not comfortable with NIB powersGiven the slack investment climate, optics matter and the government's latest brainchild National Investment Board (NIB) needed to sound appropriately important.But the bid to ensure that NIB does not lack punch may set the stage for an animated discussion when the proposal is considered by the Cabinet next week as ministries of environment and forests and mines do not share the finance ministry's enthusiasm to \"de-bottleneck\" decision-making. With the Board expected to have the authority to set timelines for regulatory and administrative clearances and also \"monitor procedures of ministries and departments in granting or refusing permissions\", some ministries feel the NIB is sure to intrude on their turfs.Though NIB can affect several ministries, environment and mining may well be seen as areas requiring an overhaul. Multiple and sequential approvals involving different departments of environment and wildlife can sometimes take several years to come through, the background note says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17530398", "title": "Vidya, Katrina, Kareena are watching you", "text": "For the world at large, neither Kareena Kapoor Khan nor Katrina Kaif or Vidya Balan have time for social networking. But truth is, the three leading ladies do spend a considerable time on social networking, albeit under aliases.Katrina, Kareena and Vidya do not have verified accounts on Twitter or even an official page on Facebook. But sources close to the three actresses have confirmed that they do log into their accounts to keep a tab on each other and of what their fans are saying about them.\"Nobody knows the username or the handles of the three actresses on social networking, but their close friends do know that they log in regularly and check out what's going on. They even interact with their friends using their pseudonyms\" said a close friend of one of the stars.Unlike a Priyanka Chopra or even a Shilpa Shetty who have managed to handle social media rather well, Vidya has gone on record saying she feels uncomfortable sharing minute-by-minute details of her life. Kat and Bebo blame their 'absences' to their busy schedules.\"Truth is, they are just worried that putting themselves out there will make them vulnerable to all kinds of verbal abuse,\" says the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17526490", "title": "Design for change is mantra here", "text": "BANGALORE: Women on two-wheelers may not have to sacrifice style for safety. For, 22-year-old Mithula Naik, a final year student of Srishti School of Art Design and Technology, has come up with a customized helmet for women - complete with removable multi-coloured peaks that can mix and match with clothes and accessories, a detachable and washable inner pad, a high back hood that won't mess up ponytails and sweat proof padding at the neckline.This is one among 72 projects on display by final year students at the four-day Srishti Grad Show 2012, at the institute's Yelahanka campus.\"About 35% of the riders are women but there is no helmet designed for them,\" says Mithula, who worked on her idea while interning with Vega Auto Accessories. The helmet is ISI approved and is in the process of getting a nod for mass production.Apart from bamboo furniture, unique interactive books on music, art and Marwari cultural history, there are live installations. Like the one of a typical old traditional Marathi house that gives a rendering of its history. Then there's Conflictorium, an interactive stall put up by Avni Sethi that has glass bowls with artifacts of visitors. Then there's Gauri Sanghi's project where folk songs are used as a tool for education in Rajasthan. About 10 short films by students were also screened.There were also public workshops on forgotten arts like Kalighat painting, Chhau dance, Kalam Patua, Capoeira Angola (a traditional Brazilian martial art) and activity stalls like Camera Obscura (make your own pinhole camera). In addition, participants got a chance to meet leading artists, designers and practitioners. The exhibition is on till Sunday and open to all.Game for a clean Bangalore?Bangalore's garbage crisis was the inspiration for a card game devised by a student from Chile. The game that sends a message of clean surroundings consists of a deck of 65 cards for three to five players. Every green card earns you some points and red makes you lose them. Devised by Constanza Mahaluf, the game is based on simple logic of 'the richer you are, the more garbage you produce'. \"If you have money, you end up buying products and thus byproducts too. This is the basis on which the game is designed. I have seen the BBMP struggling with the garbage woes in the city and as a resident, even I have felt the pain. That's why I came up with the idea,\" says Constanza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17526994", "title": "Government agencies not taking 'green' light, allege activists", "text": "GURGAON: Taking serious note of the violation of notification by the ministry of Environment &amp; Forests (MoEF), the Progressive Gurgaon Forum (PGF) has complained against the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA), the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) and the directorate of environment, Haryana, for not taking environmental clearance, which is mandatory for any building project or township.In a letter to the chief secretary, president of the forum, Raman Sharma, alleged that not a single environmental clearance has been taken in any project. He said the central government has made environmental clearance mandatory, yet the directorate of environment, Haryana, not only ignored this, but also did not take any action against the violation.When the forum sought information under the RTI Act, 2005, HUDA officials refused to provide the information. Demanding action on the complaint, Sharma said environmental clearance was not only important because of the law but also for better living.The forum also alleged that HUDA officials did not have a copy of the PWD Code and that MCG officials did not respond even to RTI applications.Referring to the Environment Impact Assessment (EIA) Notification, 2006, Sharma said EIA was an assessment of the impact - positive or negative - that a proposed project might have on the environment. It helps in working out remedial action plans to minimize adverse impact on the environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17526418", "title": "Archaeological Survey of India to repair fissures of historic Ranghar in Sivasagar", "text": "GUWAHATI: The oldest amphitheatre of Asia, the Ranghar, in Sivasagar will soon be repaired by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) after it discovered cracks on the historic structure. The ASI is working out a plan to repair the fissures. The monument bears testimony to the superb craftsmanship of artisans in the era of the Ahom kings, who ruled the state for 600 years.\"We will give it a facelift. The ASI is preparing an estimate and hope to start the work in the next three months. This is the first repair of the monument,\" said S S Gupta, superintending archeologist of the Guwahati circle of ASI.He said lime pasting would be used on the walls to conceal the cracks and restore the original look. Some other embellishments would also be used to highlight the glorious days of Ahom architecture. A grand pathway would lead visitors to the main building. After sunset , the whole place will come alive with illumination. \"We have reserved an acre of land around the monument where we plan to lay pathways and put up benches for visitors,\" added Gupta.The Ranghar is a spectacular double-storey royal pavilion built by Ahom king Pramatta Singha (AD 1744-1750) for watching bird and buffalo fights as also other royal shows.\"We have inspected the cracks, they are not that serious. We believe a renovation can be effected keeping intact the archaeological splendour of the building,\" said Gupta, adding that the Guwahati circle will write to the ASI headquarters seeking the requisite funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "maximum city understands money, has no guilt about it", "code": "17528861", "title": "Debate, emotion, laughter rock Day One", "text": "Maximum City understands money, has no guilt about it: Suketu MehtaMUMBAI: \"It's good to be back in my Maximum City,\" announced Suketu Mehta at what could be called the 'first day first show' of The Times of India Literary Carnival. There's no better claimant to the phrase than Mehta himself, to whom Mumbai owes its 21st-century handle derived from the title of his 2004 bio of subsurface Bombay. It was his keynote address, delivered at the cavernous Studio 3 at Mehboob Studio\u00e2\u20ac\u201dits charred brick walls canvassed over and made civil as the Aditya Birla Hall\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthat formally set the tone and defined the leitmotif of the second edition of the Literary Carnival, which is 'Greed, The City and The Pursuit of Happiness'.\"Is the pursuit of happiness in a city inseparable from greed? Is it greedy to want to be happy?\" Mehta questioned, launching into what would be an examination of the parts and a verdict on the sum. \"Mumbai is all about dhanda. From the bhelpuriwala to the tycoon, this city understands money and has no guilt about the getting and spending of it,\" said the author, whose own ancestors dealt in diamonds. \"To be successful in business, you can't be too greedy. The greedy overreach and end up bankrupt or imprisoned.\" So why do people do it? \"Because they want better. And that striving for something better can so easily turn into greed.\"While most commentators choose to flatly censure corruption, Mehta gave us his considered defense of it. In India, he pointed out, corruption was usually a means by which the 'new leaders'\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe lower classes and castes to whom political power devolved after independence\u00e2\u20ac\u201dcould distribute the spoils among their community because it was socially expected of them to do so. \"But it's not like corruption is a uniquely Indian phenomenon like mehendi or bhangra,\" he said. \"The most corrupt country in terms of the actual amount of money spent on politicians is America.\"Mehta's speech never flagged in spirit or interest, because he routinely fished out anecdotes about friends and acquaintances that not only made arresting arguments for a point but also gave the audience the impression that the author-journalist kept a wide and varied social circle. To illustrate his point on the irreversibility of corruption, he spoke about his Brazilian anthropologist friend who had narrated to him an incident concerning a Rio drug lord who wanted to come clean. It was the local police who bade him stay in the profession so that they could continue to have their take. And when the dealer proved ineffectual, he was shot.\"To understand how a human being, born of his mother's love, can be corrupted, you have to read novels\u00e2\u20ac\u201dDostoevsky and Balzac,\" Mehta proposed, alluding to the vital lessons literature teaches us about human nature, including its capability and caprice. He then led the audience to consider corruption in the city by holding up as example the convicted hedge fund manager Raj Rajaratnam. Mehta had interviewed the Sri Lankan for a book on immigrants in New York he is working on. And from corruption in the city, Mehta took us to the heart of the city itself and made us ponder on the attraction it holds for us, what we trade for voluntary migration, and how life in a city is a series of 'making better'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mysore / chamarajnagar", "code": "17528783", "title": "Security up in Tamil dominated areas", "text": "MYSORE / CHAMARAJNAGAR: Chamarajnagar police have stepped up security at places where Tamilians are concentrated, even as they removed poster of a Tamil film as a precautionary measure.The screening of the Tamil film was also withdrawn at Kollegal which borders Tamil Nadu in Chamarajnagar. The film was being screened for the past week at one of the four film theatres in the town. Chamarajnagar SP Rajendra Prasad told TOI that they removed the film posters as a precautionary measure. \"The situation is normal in the district and we've beefed the security at places where Tamilians are concentrated,\" he said. Tamilians are living in large numbers in Nanjangud, Hunsur and Kollegal.The ban on the movement of vehicles continues but the public are now being allowed to cross the border.Meanwhile, traffic on busy Mysore-Bangalore expressway was thrown out of gear following agitations along the highway. Vehicular traffic came to standstill for over two hours near Induvalu where large number of farmers held sit-in dharna in the middle of highway. Rail traffic was not disrupted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17528213", "title": "Maldives must rein in quarters harming bilateral ties, India says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid a diplomatic row over cancellation of the GMR contract, India on Friday asked Maldives to control any quarters which may be trying to harm bilateral relations saying the issue should not put a \"question mark\" on the ties between the two sides.\"If they have to take a decision in interest of their society and country and if that decision is taken properly as per laws there, what objections can anyone have there. We would want that whatever is the decision, it should not put any question marks on our friendly relations,\" external affairs minister Salman Khurshid said. The minister was asked to comment on the developments in the GMR issue outside Parliament house complex.\"If any quarters there (in Maldives) want that our relations should be harmed, then they should be controlled. I think Maldives and its people know this thing properly and I am sure that they will do the same thing,\" Khurshid said. Asked if the Indian Government would \"intervene\" in the issue, the minister said, \"For commercial enterprises no one intervenes, but we have been assured about the security and safety of our citizens and interests there.To that extent, it is our right and we have also told them about this right.\" \"On the commercial discussions, we don't have the right and there is no justification for it. Try to understand the issue in right context and I think there is nothing to worry about,\" he said.In a surprise move on November 27, Maldives terminated the over $500 million contract awarded to GMR during the previous regime of Mohamed Nasheed to upgrade its Male airport and to build a new terminal. ptiGovt allows Maldives airline to fly via IndiaThis is as ironic as it gets. While Maldives has terminated its contract with Bangalore-based infra major GMR to run the Male airport, its national airline's international plans bank solely on India. Maldivian Airline, the national carrier of Maldives, had recently announced flights to Mumbai and Chennai from mid-November. Not only that, India had allowed it to fly to Bangladesh by extending the India sector of the flight. \"It will be the first long haul flight of the airline and will operate (Airbus) A-320 aircraft as Q2-550 (Male-Chennai-Dhaka),\" Bandhu Ibrahim Saleem, chairman of island aviation services that owns Maldivian, had recently told TOI. \"Saarc members allow their airlines to fly from one country to another (while referring to the Male-Chennai-Dhaka flight),\" he said.Now it remains to be seen if India retaliates by relooking at this permission. The aviation ministry says it will act as per the stand taken by the ministry of external affairs. \"The cancellation of the $511-million Male airport contract with Male has come as a setback in our ties. If asked by MEA, we will take the required steps about Maldivian's clearance,\" said a senior official. The airport company of Maldives is set to take over the Male airport from GMR on Friday midnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17504189", "title": "Smoking makes your hangover worse", "text": "If you had too many drinks on a night out, a pounding head and nausea will be all too familiar symptoms the morning after, but now scientists say your hangover could feel a whole lot worse if you smoke as well, the Daily Mail reported .Lead author Damaris Rohsenow, Brown University in the US, said: \"At the same number of drinks, people who smoke more that day are more likely to have a hangover and have more intense hangovers.\"Her team controlled for other factors as well, such as whether students reported drug use in the past year. Smoking itself was linked to an increased risk of hangover compared with not smoking at all, the Mail said.According to experts, tobacco smoke contains the chemical acetaldehyde which is also formed in your tissues when you drink alcohol and is responsible for many nasty hangover symptoms.Rohsenow said other research has shown that nicotine receptors in the brain are involved in our subjective response to drinking. For example, smoking and drinking at the same time boosts the release of dopamine, a \"feel-good\" brain chemical.So the fact that nicotine and alcohol are connected in the brain may explain why smoking is tied to hangovers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17556013", "title": "Pune man arrested for dowry demand", "text": "AURANGABAD: An executive with a Pune-based company has been arrested for allegedly demanding Rs 5 lakh from his wife and torturing her for not getting the money.The City Chowk police station registered a complaint on November 28 against the man, Javed Khan, for demanding dowry from his wife Firdos. Khan has been sent to police custody till Friday.The police said Khan's family threatened Firdos that they would get a divorce if the dowry demand was not met. Firdos has alleged that she was repeatedly assaulted too.The couple had married in July this year in Aurangabad. Later, Firdos came to know that her husband's claim of being a software engineer was false. Khan, a resident of Wanowrie in Pune, had also forced Firdos to buy jewellery worth more than Rs 1.40 lakh.Shockingly, Firdos also found out that Khan was already married and that he had several illicit relations. When she confronted him, his family told her to be silent on the issue.When Firdos fled to her uncle's house in Pune in August, Khan filed a missing person's complaint. He also tried to marry again and leave the country, she alleged", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17526509", "title": "BS Yeddyurappa hosts breakfast for loyalists", "text": "BELGAUM: The Suvarna Vidhana Soudha (SVS) in Belgaum witnessed a virtual legislature session on Friday: held in the Central Hall by former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa.The Lingayat strongman, who broke away from the ruling BJP recently, arrived in Belgaum in a bid to woo fence-sitting party legislators to his Karnataka Janata Party ((KJP) event in Haveri on Sunday, where he will be officially coronated as the party's president.Utilizing the timing of the legislature session and also when chief minister Jagadish Shettar was away in New Delhi, Yeddyurappa made the Central Hall his meeting point.His schedule started by hosting breakfast in a hotel to the BJP ministers and legislators loyal to him. Ignoring party warning, they attended the breakfast meet. This is seen as a pre-show-of-strength breakfast meet before the actual one on Sunday morning. Seven ministers, 17 MLAs and 8 MLCs were present in the hotel.Though Yeddyurappa earlier said this was not a show of strength, later he said he wanted to show the BJP what his strength was. \"I am not here to invite legislators and ministers for the Haveri meeting. They have come to my breakfast meeting without any invitation. The national party should know this,\" he said.Later, he shifted his base to SVS and held informal talks with the legislators. Yeddyurappa's close aide and energy minister Shobha Karandlaje was seen arranging a meeting between MLA B Suresh Gowda and Yeddyurappa. Ministers loyal to him have been given the task of wooing at least four BJP legislators for the Haveri event. Yeddyurappa's target is to show a strength of 40 MLAs, 20 MLCs and 10 MPs on Sunday.Asked what his message will be at the Haveri event, Yeddyurappa said KJP is the only party which will be able to give good administration and develop the state.JD(S) floor leader MC Nanaiah and Congress leader RV Venkatesh met Yeddyurappa in the Central Hall. Yeddyurappa went to Speaker KG Bopaiah's chamber when Congress leaders Siddaramaiah and TB Jayachandra were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17530898", "title": "Kajal is a busy bee", "text": "Kajal Aggarwal's latest release Thuppakki opposite Ilaiyathalapathy Vijay recently hit the screens and the film has been showered with praises from all quarters. Despite rumours of Kajal doing the Hindi remake of the film, the actress is unperturbed and is on cloud nine.After all, the actress, who is still basking in the success of the film, has a plethora of films in her kitty. She now has a number of films lined up for release, including Sarocharu opposite Ravi Teja and Naayak with Ram Charan Tej in Telugu, and Special Chabbis opposite Akshay Kumar in Hindi.Kajal is also working on Karthi's All in All Azhagu Raja , which is directed by Rajesh. In Tollywood, she has Baadshah opposite Jr. NTR and will appear in a cameo opposite Allu Arjun, in the Ram Charan-starrer Yevadu .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17530688", "title": "Pakistani Taliban creates Facebook page to recruit writers, video editors for quarterly magazine", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The banned Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan have created a Facebook page to recruit persons to write for a planned quarterly magazine and to work on tasks like video editing and translation.The Umar Media TTP page, which has nearly 290 likes, has a message posted on November 22 seeking writers for \"Ahyah-e-Khilafat\", which is described as the \"official quarterly magazine\" of the Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan.\"Dear brothers and sisters, 'Pen is mightier than the sowrd (sic)'. Now you have a chance to use this mighty weapon,\" the message says.Prospective contributors can write on \"on topic of your choice, or on jihadi current affairs, history, Islamic movements, plight of ummah, etc etc\", the message adds.An earlier message posted in October states that \"Umar Media is proud to announce online jobs opportunities (sic)\".The job \"discription (sic) is video editing, translations, sharing, uploading, downloading and collection of required data\".The earlier message includes an email ID for contacting the Taliban and asks people to spread news about the Facebook page as the account may be deleted.US-based private intelligence organisation SITE too said the Pakistani Taliban use Facebook as \"a recruitment centre\".In a statement, SITE said: \"Through its official media arm, Umar Media, the TTP has taken to Facebook to recruit contributors for their media work and the group's forthcoming publication 'Ayah-E-Khilafat' (Sign of the Caliphate).\"The TTP, currently led by Hakimullah Mehsud, has been behind scores of bombings and suicide attacks, a majority of them against the security forces, that have killed thousands in the past five years.In October, the TTP claimed responsibility for an attempt to assassinate teenage rights activist Malala Yousufzai, who is being treated in a British hospital after being shot in the head", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17528654", "title": "Three Japanese encephalitis cases detected in Dakshina Kannada district", "text": "MANGALORE: A mosquito-borne disease that is believed to be eradicated decades back has made a dramatic come back in the district. Three cases of Japanese encephalitis (JE) have been reported, two in Mangalore taluk and one in Bantwal taluk. District health officials asserted these were isolated cases and there was no need for panic.District malaria officer Arun Kumar said, \"Three cases were reported in the district - one each in Kalladka of Bantawl Taluk and Katipalla and Bajpe in Mangalore taluk. Adequate preventive measures have been taken after the cases were reported in the areas. It does not look like a (outbreak) situation.''District health officer OR Srirangappa said, \"There is no need to panic and the department has taken all necessary preventive measures in areas where these cases are detected. No surrounding population has shown symptoms.\"The symptoms Domestic pigs and wild birds (herons) are reservoirs of the virus. Transmission of the virus to humans may cause drowsiness, confusion and disorientation, seizures, sudden fever, severe headache, nausea and vomiting, tremor or convulsions, stiff neck, bulging in the soft spots of the skull in infants. The symptoms may also include altered levels of consciousness. Amongst the most important vectors of this disease are the mosquitoes Culex tritaeniorhynchus and Culex vishnui. JE is among the most important viral encephalitides in Asia, especially in rural and suburban areas where rice culture and pig farming coexist.Physician Dr BS Kakkilaya cautioned, \"If the authorities do not take adequate measures the city will fast become endemic to all vector borne diseases. Public and doctors should be made aware and alerted to the possibility of JE by the health office.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17526584", "title": "'BJP does not need Diggy's advice' Vijaywargiya", "text": "BHOPAL: \"We don't need Congress leader Digvijay Singh's certificate to decide who will be the BJP's Prime Ministerial candidate,\" Madhya Pradesh minister for industries Kailash Vijayavargiya said on Friday while reacting to AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh's observation on Thursday that leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj would be a better prime ministerial candidate than Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi.Digvijay Singh had compared Sushma Swaraj to former Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee while calling her the \"moderate face'' in present BJP leadership. Responding to that comment, Kailash Vijayavargiya, said, \"There is no dearth of prime ministerial candidates in the BJP. The party has more than 15 leaders who could fill-in for the top job.\" Vijayavargiya was speaking to journalists at the state assembly media lounge.Asked if chief minister of Madhya Pradesh Shivraj Singh Chouhan was one of the 15 leaders who could be fit for the PM position, Kailash Vijayavargiya specified, \"Let us start from our veteran leader LK Advani, then Nitin Gadkari , Sushma Swaraj, Arun Jaitley , Rajnath Singh , Murli Manohar Joshi , Venkaiah Naidu , Uma Bharati. In the states, the BJP has chief ministers who could be Prime Ministerial candidates like Narendra Modi , Shivraj Singh Chouhan and Raman Singh.\" Vijayavargiya said that at the right time, the right person will be chosen for the job by the party.Retorting further to AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh's comment, Vijayavargiya said: None take Digvijay Singh's statements seriously. Not even the Congress party. He just makes such disputable and controversial comments to remain in the media glare.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17528765", "title": "Housewives to turn student trainers", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The additional skill acquisition programme (ASAP) launched by the state education department for students is turning out to be a boon for educated housewives who cannot take up full-time jobs.ASAP, which aims to equip students with professional skills along with education is looking for trainers, preferably housewives, who can spare some time from their domestic schedule for teaching. The minimum requirements for the trainers are sound communication skills in English and basic knowledge in information technology. Since ASAP is being implemented with the help of National Association of Software and Services Companies (NASSCOM), trainers will have to clear a NASSCOM test and an interview. Once selected, the housewives-turned-trainers will have to spare just one hour a day, either before or after school hours, to train students.\"We have a large population of educated non-working women in the state. Their potential remains unutilized. Also, we can be assured that they would stick to this job. If they are job hunters, there is every chance that they would move on to full-time jobs when they get an opportunity,\" said joint secretary of higher education department George Thomas, who in charge of the programme.\"The interview will assess the candidates attitude towards students, who are from economically backward families. The trainers must mentor these kids,\" he said. ASAP, launched in 14 government colleges and 23 government schools, will be extended to 41 government colleges and 140 government higher secondary schools soon.\"We have launched the programme in a limited number of schools because we have been able to zero in on trainers only in those places. We are choosing the schools where there are economically backward students,\" he said.Courses are offered to plus-one and first-year degree students.Originally, under the basic course, the students will get 300 hours of training. This will include 180 hours of communicative English and basic IT session that will subsequently give more options to students, who can choose accounting, mobile technology, networking and fibre optics for the next 120 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17527102", "title": "Loose ends plugged for rescheduled PGI exams", "text": "CHANDIGARH: PGI will conduct the rescheduled MD/MS entrance exam on Saturday at 10 centres in Chandigarh. After the bitter experience of the paper leak, PGI does not intend to leave anything to chance. Security arrangements include frisking, scanning through bug detectors, mobile jammers, photography and biometric fingerprint capturing.The entry in the examination hall is permitted from 8am to 9:30am on producing roll number slip and admit card. Security officials stationed at entry points will frisk candidates from 8:00am onwards. Candidates have been instructed not to bring mobile phones, pagers, pens, wrist watch, ring, wallets, ornaments or other gadgets to the examination. Those found in possession of such devices will not be allowed to appear.The institute will provide them a ball pen in the examination hall and photograph them and take their fingerprints during the examination, against which they will get an extra time of 10 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17531942", "title": "Bantwal continues to reel under high temperature", "text": "MANGALORE: Bantwal hobli in Bantwal taluk of DK district recorded highest maximum temperature of 37\u00c2\u00b0C on December 7 at 1pm. Lowest minimum temperature of 12.9\u00c2\u00b0C was recorded in Khanapur hobli at Khanapur taluk in Belgaum district on December 8 at 6.30am. Bommanahalli hobli in Gundlupet taluk of Chamarajanagara district recorded maximum rainfall of 2.5 mm in Karnataka in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Saturday.Dry weather prevailed over the state in the above last 24-hours. Rainfall was isolated in one district and negligible in 29 districts. North-eastern monsoon was weak in 30 districts. Light rain was recorded in one district, very light rain in 10 districts and no rain in 19 districts. Isolated, light rain was recorded in Chamarajnagar district. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state, Bangalore based KSNDMC stated.Karnataka for the period October 1 to December 8 recorded deficit rainfall of 21%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 183mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state recorded rainfall of 145mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on December 8, the four geographical regions received 0mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 0.4mm, a deficit of 100%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17526899", "title": "Bus rides to get smoother with new city bus terminal", "text": "NOIDA: In order to make public transport better, the Noida Authority has decided to develop a city bus terminal that is also a part of its Master Plan 2031. The proposed terminal, estimated to cost Rs 200 crore, will have separate bus bays and enhanced passenger amenities apart from parking and other facilities. The terminal will be located in Sector 82 of Noida.Officials said that the proposal will be presented to the board in the next meeting scheduled next month. Once approved, the Authority will invite tenders for the project. \"Considering the increasing need of commuters and a growing urban population in Noida, the idea is to create an advanced transportation system for the city,\" said Sanjeev Saran, CEO, Noida Authority.The bus terminal will be equipped with state-of-the-art infrastructure facilities where buses will halt for a few minutes and leave for their respective destinations. \"The terminal will have several bus bays enabling easy accessibility for passengers as well as smooth movement of buses,\" said DB Malik, GM (Infrastructure), Noida Authority. \"Facilities for improvement of bus circulation pattern, including the entry and exit points as well as the approach to the bus terminal to reduce passenger and vehicular conflicts, will also be incorporated in the project's plan,\" Malik added.According to the CEO, the city bus terminal will facilitate the movement of the 150-strong fleet the Authority plans to run for Noida besides buses run by the UPSRTC.\"Since the terminal is proposed to be located in Sector 82, which is in the vicinity of the Metro route extension, it will provide good connectivity with the City Center,\" said Saran.Luxurious waiting halls for passengers with vending machines, CCTVs, medical stores, telephone booths, internet cafes, bank and ATMs will be part of the planned project. \"The ticket counters will be computerized and networked and there will also be information and tourist help centres. Restaurants, convenient stores, parking for vehicles, workshops for buses and fuel stations will also be available,\" Malik said.Officials said 3.9 hectares land is proposed for construction of the terminal. \"During construction, area requirements and size can be reassessed and adjustments can be made accordingly,\" said an Authority official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17527664", "title": "Ground in Kotturpuram to make way for standard football field", "text": "CHENNAI: The city corporation will soon develop a playground in Kotturpuram into a football ground that adheres to international measurements. The civic body plans to host interschool and zonal tournaments here.The land, which measures about 10 grounds, (one ground equals 2,400 sqft) has a play area for football and two gyms, but they are not of standard size and specifications. \"We will acquire land if required and develop a football field of official dimensions,\" said mayor Saidai S Duraisamy.Engineers and the civic body's sports coaches will draw the boundaries of a standard football field. Some land will be acquired to leave enough space beyond the marker lines. The extra bit of land is expected to be acquired from Birla Planetarium, and some of the unused structures may have to be brought down.\"We may have to request the planetarium to extend the field by about 15ft. The mayor has given the go-ahead to break down the old outdoor gym and some small rooms on a side if necessary,\" said an official. The indoor gym now has considerable patronage.\"There are several football players and aspirants in south Chennai, but there is no proper football ground here,\" said another official who visited the ground on Friday morning. While several who use the ground welcomed the move, some felt that the first step was to keep the ground clean. On Friday evening, two men were defecating on one side. \"They should first remove the grass on the periphery. We can't sit on the sides or lean against the compound walls because of the defecation and garbage,\" said R Kanthan, who plays cricket at the ground daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17526528", "title": "BDA, BBMP worse than Delhi civic agencies: Chief Justice of Karnataka HC", "text": "BANGALORE: A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Friday directed Ramakanth, who in 1998 was assistant revenue officer of Ganganagar sub-division of BMP, to be present in court on Monday.The order was issued after the court found several missing links with regard to the grant of khata and site numbers relating to MLA Layout near New BEL Road.\"When I came here, I felt that only DDA ( Delhi Development Authority) was bad. But I have to change my view. BDA has exceeded it. I previously thought MCD (Municipal Corporation of Delhi) was bad, but BBMP is incredibly bad,\" the Chief Justice observed, after going through records submitted by both civic authorities.The court pulled up the BBMP for issuing khatas and registering properties without proper verification. \"If somebody comes up with a sale deed of the high court, will you register it?\" the bench observed.The court noted that KKR Apartments has been built on a public road in the area, denying access to residents. The court also pulled up a chief engineer of the BBMP who was outside while the matter was being heard, and indicated that if this is repeated, he may find himself in jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17527838", "title": "No end to water woes in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Even though normal power supply resumed after JSEB employees withdrew their on Friday afternoon, there seems to be no end in sight to the water crisis faced by thousands of people in the state capital. Due to erratic power supply over the last couple of days, only around 65% water was supplied from Rukka dam, which caters to around 70% of the state capital.The shortfall left a large part of the population without water and many took out a protest march against the crisis.Shankar Das, superintending engineer (mechanical) with the department of drinking water and sanitation, said only 16 million gallons per day (MGD) water was supplied from Rukka dam compared to the normal supply of 25MGD. A large number of households in the city do not get tap water as they have their own bore-wells and overhead tanks. Though residents of various housing societies and apartments got their tanks filled with power supply from generators, others had to go without water.Normal power supply in Kanke, Lalpur, Thadpakna and adjoining parts of the state capital resumed around 12pm. Until then, the residents were left without water and many of them had to even go without their daily shower. Ashok Singh, a resident of Lalpur who had participated in a protest march against the power failure and the subsequent water crisis, said: \"Everybody is part of a corrupt system. The agitators are afraid that their kickbacks will stop. But, ultimately, why should be suffer. It is nothing but harassment of the common man.\"The condition of residents in Bariyatu and adjoining areas was similar. \"We have been without power for the last 36 hours. Is this even imaginable in the modern era? My daughter had her examinations today and she had to go without preparation,\" said Manish Jha, a resident.A protest march was also organized by residents near Bariyatu police station. but they were dispersed by the authorities when they tried to block the main road.The worst affected parts of Ranchi were the rural areas in the city's periphery, where there was no power for 72 hours. Villagers in Kanke, Ratu, Ormanjhi, Bundu and Tamar blocks continued to be in darkness on Friday evening. The electricity supply also affected marriages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17528653", "title": "The 'stallion' to gallop into Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Porsche - the German prancing horse that often turns everyday streets in Europe into pulsating race circuits when it encounters its glamorous Italian cousin Ferrari - is out to add oomph and joy to the city's sad streets. While 26 Porsches - Cayenne, Panamera, Boxster and 911 - priced at Rs 70 lakh to 1.5 crore are currently burning rubber on the city's asphalt, the entry of a full-fledged dealership will set more stallions on the loose.Driving a Porsche is one of the most memorable experiences in the world of motoring. In the way a Porsche sports car marries form, function, usability, visceral thrills and build quality, it has few peers.Devasish Vyas, chief executive of Porsche Centre Kolkata, said the 11,000 sq ft showroom - one of the largest for luxury cars in the city - is currently being readied for a launch in March 2013. However, the dealership - located close to the Mercedes-Benz outlet Interkraft and next to aam admi carmaker Maruti Suzuki outlet Dewars Garage on the Park Circus connector - has begun delivering vehicles since October and has already handed over keys to 14 customers. The remaining 12 cars on the road were purchased from the Mumbai dealer prior to the appointment of Porsche Centre Kolkata by the German carmaker.\"It will be one of the finest showrooms in the city designed and fitted to the exacting standards of the company. A team of architects in Germany designed the interior according to the store layout. Accordingly, panels, furniture and electronics have been ordered for import from Porsche AG vendors in Italy and Germany. Once the fitments reach Kolkata, a team will fly in to set up the showroom,\" said Vyas.While nine cars can be packed into the showroom space, the dealership is likely to display five cars at a time - one of each model it sells in India. While the current generation of Cayman is being phased out, the next-generation Cayman is expected to roll in by the time the showroom opens. Vyas hopes to do at least 120 cars in 2013, setting the launch pad for a more aggressive run the following year.A Porsche showroom was scheduled to open two years ago but a dealer never got appointed. With Porsche venturing into India directly through subsidiary Porsche India, it was swift to appoint a dealer for Kolkata.\"We are also setting up a 40,000 sq ft service facility in Taratala that will house seven bays, a paint shop and two body shops, one for steel and the other aluminium. We have been very particular about choosing the service centre address because Porsche owners drive the cars down themselves unlike other vehicles that are sent through chauffeurs,\" Vyas pointed out.The Porsche brand was re-launched in India earlier this year with a new pricing structure. In Kolkata, the range gets off the block at Rs 64.27 lakh (ex-showroom) for Cayenne SUV petrol; and races to Rs 1.67 crore for the sports saloon. And that's the sticker for the base variants. Add features and customise the car and the price bar can tip Rs 2 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531711", "title": "Paris Hilton and boyfriend make a spectacular entry", "text": "The sunset beach of Morjim saw an amalgamation of fashion, art and fine dining with an exciting entry by Paris Hilton and boyfriend River Viiperi on an elephant in luxe spring summer collection by internationally acclaimed Indian designer duo Falguni &amp; Shane Peacock at their fashionable soiree for Paris Hilton in Club Fresh, Morjim Goa.The party also saw the presence of business honcho Vijay Mallya , socialites Sabina and Anil Chopra, actors Aditya Pancholi, Pooja Bedi , TV actor Sky, model turned actor Zulfi Sayed, and singer Anushka Manchanda to name a few.Designer duo Falguni &amp; Shane Peacock's bold and theatrical sensibility has made their designs coevted by international celebrities like Madonna, Britney Spears, Katy Perry, Fergie, Nicole Scherzinger, Cheryl Cole, Niki Minaj, Rihanna , Jennifer Lopez, Kim Kardashian, Britney Spears and Lady Gaga , amongst others. The couple has built a career in fashion by following their own set of rules. Their philosophy is - Life's too short to blend in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17527050", "title": "House tax key to grants", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Non-implementation of house tax on the residential properties in the city will not only affect the upcoming developmental works related to the Chandigarh municipal corporation, but will also pose trouble for other UT departments that depend on the financial grants from the Centre, received under the Jawahar Lal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).The fact that Centre will not release the grants if the house tax is not collected from residential properties has recently been conveyed to the UT by the Union government. UT administrator and Punjab governor Shiv Raj Patil has asked MC to impose the tax as soon as possible, failing which, UT will have to decide in this regard.Transport department and Chandigarh housing board are the two departments that have been receiving huge financial grants under JNNURM.The transport wing has planned to purchase 98 buses \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 49 each of AC and non-AC variants \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in low and semi-low floor options. The cost of the project is around Rs 45 crore.Besides, the department is also in the process of preparing another proposal to purchase 170 buses in the coming financial year to replace the existing fleet, which is.Chandigarh Housing Board (CHB) is another department receiving huge grants to construct houses, particularly for constructing flats under rehabilitation schemes.A senior UT official, seeking anonymity, said the MC has already signed an MoU with the Union government, which mentions that they will have to levy tax on residential properties if they want the grants to be issued for developmental works and projects. \"Projects related to transport, housing and others that get direct grants from the Union government were mentioned in the clauses of the MoU. If the MC fails to implement the clauses after signing the MoU, it will affect UT's major projects,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17529341", "title": "Madhya Pradesh losing age-old \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcbana\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 rhythm", "text": "BHOPAL: One of the oldest musical instruments 'Bana' and the art is on the verge of extinction. The Gond tribe sect 'Pardhan' who used to perform Bana have shifted to painting in the last couple of decades owing to a lack of recognition and a need to earn a livelihood.\"It is sad that one of the oldest musical instruments and its performers would be extinct after a couple of years,\" Gond tribal art promoter, Padmaja Shrivastava said. She added that the only few Bana performers now remain in the eastern Madhya Pradesh. Having been working for last one decade for the Gond tribal arts, Shrivastava said that the Gond Pardhans had shifted to paintings and other works after Bana performances could not help them earn a livelihood. \"Once an important musical instrument, Bana is now struggling for survival. The need of the hour is to save and preserve a culture that is centuries old,\" she said.Bana is performed by a solo singer and his instrument. Bells on the bow accentuate every stroke, and the pace ranges from a medium to fast tempo. Director of the documentary film based on Bana performers, Ashish Bhawalkar said, \"Now only few performers exist. Their situation is not good. I met a Bana performer Phool Singh Marawi and I have never heard such a beautiful musical performance.\"Suggesting measures to save and preserve the culture of Bana performers, Shrivastava said, \"The government should first focus on helping them financially. Bana performers must feel that their culture has the recognition at the higher level. Besides, society must also make efforts to support them.\"She suggested live performances of Bana artists and interactive session that can play a big role in conserving the age old music tradition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17530370", "title": "I have never bothered about the competition: Deepika", "text": "Dippy defends her competitive streak. Says it keeps her on the toesTwo days after we told you how fiercely competitive Deepika Padukone is when it comes to scooping out the meatiest roles and endorsement deals, the actress told us that she had indeed been rather hard on herself.At an event held at a SoBo fivestar, wherein she replaced Priyanka Chopra as the face of a skincare brand she justified her competitive spirit saying, \"If I hadn't, I wouldn't have come so far.\"Though in 2012, Deepika had reportedly replaced several other 'first choices' of filmmakers from projects, she told us, \"I have never bothered about the competition. I compete with myself. My benchmark is 'me'.\"After four years of 'hard work', the actress said she now feels confident and content. \"I came from a non-filmi background. I had to stay alone in an unknown city. Each day I learnt a little and figured how to make it on my own. Somehow, everything turned out the way I wanted,\" she said.Deepika said she never thought she would make it this big so soon. \"I didn't know how things are done here. But guess I did it right. And perhaps was at the right place at the right time. I too have a wish list like others. Every time I strike one thing off the list, I add one more. Guess that's what keeps me on my toes,\" she concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17527581", "title": "Education loan repayment: HC says internship not part of course", "text": "KOCHI: Internship period can not be considered as part of the course while considering commencement of educational loan repayment, Kerala high court has ruled.The order by justice Antony Dominic was while considering a petition by a BSc Nursing student, Priyanka Joy of Kodikulam near Thodupuzha, challenging Union Bank of India's move to begin recovery proceedings citing non-repayment of loan after completion of course.Priyanka had contended in court that the course included compulsory internship of one year after the course duration of four years. Therefore, the loan availed in November 2005 need to be repaid only in April 2012 as a grace period of one year is also allowed according to rules.The bank had served a notice for revenue recovery in September this year, finding that she is a defaulter from July 2011.Counsel for the bank argued that upon completion of the course, Priyanka got registration from the Kerala Nurses and Midwives Council on March 30, 2010. \"Even if she is allowed the grace period of one year, repayment should have started by April 2011,\" the counsel said.The bank also pointed out that the loan was rescheduled on Priyanka's request in March last year, with repayment commencing on March 31, 2011 and payment to be made in 45 installments.Noticing that the student had failed to repay as per the rescheduled plan, the court ruled that it could not find fault with the bank for initiating recovery proceedings for realizing the dues.As the student's counsel submitted that she had secured an employment only now and was unable to pay the dues in one lump, the court allowed her to repay the loan starting this month in monthly installments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531237", "title": "Megan Fox vows to cover up in future", "text": "Megan Fox has revealed that she will be keeping her clothes on and choosing her movie roles much more carefully now that she has become a mother.Fox, who is married to actor Brian Austin Green , gave birth to baby Noah in September.\"It changes your perspective about being overly sexual in a film when you have a baby,\" the Mirror quoted her as saying.\"I'm going to be more cautious about choosing films because I'm already thinking about when he's in school and his friends are going to be showing him my photo shoots with me in a bikini and he's going to be horrified.\"So that will deter me from making some of the choices I made before,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17527378", "title": "UP announces 16% raise in cane prices", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government on Friday fixed the state advisory price (SAP) band of sugarcane at Rs 275-290 - a 15-16% jump from the previous year. Coming after a two-month delay, the increase in the price covers just the rise in the input cost and does not increase the profit margin, which the Samajwadi Party had promised in its election manifesto, say farmers' representatives. The sugar mill owners, on the other hand, while describing the increase as \"huge\", have demanded increase in the sale price of the sugar to cover \"losses\".The crushing in UP starts in October and ideally, the SAP should have been announced in first week of October. However, the state government could not take any decision because of the hard lobbying by farmer associations and private sugar mills owners.While farmers were demanding at least Rs 390 per quintal, the UP Sugar Mills Association (UPSMA) asked the government to continue with the prices fixed the previous year as they were already running in losses. On the other hand, the Opposition parties had demanded a price of Rs 400 per quintal. The state government seems to have decided to take the middle path.The state cabinet had authorised chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to take final a decision on SAP. The delay in fixing SAP saw angry protest by the Opposition in the recent state assembly session. As per the chief minister office, the SAP for early maturing variety of cane has been fixed at Rs 290 per quintal against Rs 240 per quintal in the previous season, for common variety Rs 280 per quintal against Rs 245 and for late maturing variety, Rs 275 per quintal against Rs 240 per quintal last year. Over 50 lakh cane farmers will get an estimated around Rs 21,000 crore, which is Rs 3,300 crore more than the previous year.Farmer associations however are not happy with the increase. \"As per the UP Sugarcane Research Institute, Shahjahanpur, the input cost this season was Rs 228 per quintal, Rs 41 more than Rs 187 per quintal last year, whereas SAP hike is Rs 40. The profit margin last year was 39% on input cost, which will reduce to 27% this year. The SP had promised 50% profit margin. The input cost increased mainly due to hike in prices of diesel and fertilisers. Most farmers used diesel generators for irrigation due to less rains this year. Some agencies had calculated Rs 234 as input cost,\" said Sudhir Panwar, president Kisan Jagriti Manch.Rakesh Tikait, general secretary, Bharatiya Kisan Union, which said that a delegation of farmers will meet chief minister on December 13 and ask him to increase SAP by at least Rs 10-15 per more. He said that the SAP announced on Friday was unfair for farmers in view of the rapid price rise. Further, he said, many small and marginal farmers were forced to sell their produce at Rs 200-220 to mills because they needed money during Diwali and had to clear the fields for sowing wheat and other winter crops. Of over 50 lakh cane farmers in UP, 95% come under small and marginal category.Expressing surprise, UPSMA general SL Gupta said \"As compared to Rs 165 per quintal in 2009-10, Rs 290 per quintal means an increase of 70% in three years, whereas sugar prices have improved by only 15%. At Rs 280 per quintal and about 9.2% sugar recovery, the average cost of production for UP mills would be Rs 35-36 per kg. The current ex-mill price of Rs 32.50 per kg needs to improve to cover costs, or else losses would increase cane dues, leading to farmers shifting to other crops and drop in sugar production. As a result, India may have to import sugar, which would be against consumers' interest\".While UPSMA also pointed out that the neighbouring Haryana and Punjab have fixed SAP of around Rs 240 per quintal and Tamil Nadu 225 per quintal, UP government officials claimed that the chief minister has adopted a balanced approach and has fixed SAP while keeping in mind interest of both the farmers and mills. AP Arora, managing director, UP Cooperative Sugar Mills Federation, said that while Rs 275-290 SAP will ensure good returns to farmers, the deduction under the transportation cost category allowed to the sugar mills has been increased from Rs 5.75 per quintal to Rs 8.75 per quintal.However, the private sugar mills argue that the sugar recovery rate from cane in UP is low in comparison to other states. In 2011-12, the recovery rate was 8.86% and in 2010-11, it was 9.01%. Also, the central government has fixed Rs 170 per quintal the Fair and Remunerative Price of sugarcane. When there is a price which is \"fair\" and \"remunerative\", there is no need of SAP. However, state governments says that SAP is decided on the basis of the local conditions. Farmer organisations, point out, that mills also earn from byproducts like molasses, bagasse, alcohol, ethanol, power generation and imports.The Opposition parties have slammed the government for 'low' SAP. While the BJP has announced to launch a statewide agitation demanding increase in the SAP, UP Congress chief Nirmal Khattri said that the SAP should be at least Rs 325 per quintal, otherwise cane farmers will suffer loss this year as they did in previous season. The RLD has also demanded Rs 350 per quintal SAP and threatened to launch agitation. The parties also pointed out that Akhilesh Yadav has broken the 'record' of delay in SAP announcement set by his father Mulayam Singh Yadav , who in 2005 had announced SAP on December 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17527986", "title": "400 Chinese govt sites hacked by Pak groups", "text": "BEIJING: A group of Pakistani hackers are giving sleepless nights to hundreds of agencies and provincial governments in China by defacing their websites. Anti-hacking agencies and sites like PasteBin and the Pakistani media have reported that over 400 Chinese government sites have been attacked by Pakistani groups.This is the first major attack by Pakistani hackers in China, which is particularly supportive of the Islamic neighbour. Hackers in Pakistan have defaced many scientific, military and official websites in India in the past.A major target for the hackers is Xuchang City in China's Henan province. It's largely the handiwork of a hacker who goes by the name 'code cracker' and is part of hacking group, Pakistan Cyber Army, according to Hack Read, an information sharing site.The hacker posted his groups' signature defacement image on the official web site of Xuchang City People's Procuratorate.He hit 437 sub-domain sites and web pages of the Xuchang government, and left the tell-tale signature on many of them", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17526422", "title": "Manipur artist opens tattoo school in city to promote tribal body art", "text": "GUWAHATI: Mo Naga, a young artist from Manipur, has set up a school here to teach the ancient practice of tattooing on the body to professionals and amateurs alike. The school, called the Head Hunters Ink Tattoo School, is officially the first school set up in the region to revive and promote tribal body art.Here, aspirants will be taught the basics of the art form, as in how to design and create the patterns on the body and fill them up with ink. Mo, a graduate from the reputed National Institute of Fashion Technology, has a tattoo studio in the national capital.\"Why do we have to copy tattoo patterns from other countries when we have a host of patterns back home?\" asked Mo Naga, adding, \"we will be teaching everything, from basic sketching techniques, colouring, designing, use of equipment and maintenance of hygiene.\"The Konyack tribe of Nagaland uses a long bamboo pole and attaches six to seven bamboo needles in the form of a spade to puncture the skin. The ink is extracted from the bark of a special tree. They burn the bark and hold a clay pot over the fire to collect the soot. This is used as ink. The Apatanis and Singphos, tribes of Arunachal Pradesh , also have a unique tattooing style.\"The Konyack use the tattoo to signify head hunting. Besides, a person wearing this tattoo means he has collected a head as a trophy. The tattoo is no longer a taboo and the industry is one of the fastest growing in the country,\" said Mo.Noted folk artist Rewben Mashangva said, \"Our forefathers used tattoos but we somehow lost the art form over the years because of cultural and religious changes. But now the young generation is rediscovering the art form.\"The northeast, apart from being famous for its diverse cultural and topographical canvas, is also home to different forms of ethnic body art. What's dismaying is that this exquisite artistry is fast disappearing. While Maori, Borneo, Polynesian and Filipino designs dominate body art, few can be seen flaunting ethnic designs of Apatani, Singpho and Konyack on their neck, arms, chests and abdomen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17527277", "title": "Week for match stadium not ready", "text": "LUDHIANA: With a week to go for the closing ceremony of the Kabaddi World Cup at Guru Nanak Stadium, construction work is going on at a snail's pace. Work for the canopy over B-block, which was earlier supposed be done by November 28, has not been completed. Work was going on to fix the framework on which metal roof sheets will be fixed.In preparation for the closing ceremony, both the blocks adjoining the main block, B and F, were supposed to get roofs.But due to time restrictions work to install a roof over F-block has been stopped. Both the blocks have been designated VIPs seating areas with combined seating capacity of over a thousand people.Amandeep Singh, SDO, Punjab Mandi Board, which is in charge of the construction work, said, \"The canopy work in block B is near completion. Framework is almost done and the roof will be installed in a few days. Work to put the roof over F block has been stopped because of time limitation.\"Other than the canopy work over B-block, the rest of the work was to be finished by December 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11389438", "title": "6 Dumb sex myths that\u00e2\u20ac\u2122ll make you laugh", "text": "Are you the kind that believes women are not virgins if they don't have an intact hymen? We know sex is on the mind of everyone, but when it comes to sex education we are still surrounded by several myths.There is much sex information available on the internet, but it's always hard to judge the difference between fact and myth. To make life easy, we list down six ridiculous sex myths that you must have heard a million times, but have never been sure of.1. Oral sex can get you pregnant Probably this one is the lamest of them all, but a lot of teens still do believe in it. The fact is that women can't get pregnant by having oral sex even through she swallows the sperms. The same applies to anal sex.2. He pulls out before ejaculation, I am safe Much to the dismay of many women, this is so not true. As soon as a man gets an erection he starts producing fluid which includes sperms which is enough for a woman to get pregnant. If you are not on a baby-making session and having unprotected sex, we advise you to take pills after sex.3. It was my first time, I won't get pregnant Old-wives tales have it that a girl can't get pregnant the first time she has sex. The fact is that a girl can get pregnant anyway whether or not it is her first time. To be on a safer side, always use a condom even if you are having sex for the first time.4. He has big feet, I can tell his penis size This is one of the oldest sex myths still doing rounds. It is absolutely baseless. The size of his feet has nothing to do with that of his private organs. Even a medium-tall man can have big penis, or otherwise.5. Its safe to have sex during periods If you don't want unplanned babies, stop believing in this. The truth is that a woman can get pregnant anytime of the month if she has sex without contraception. But if you badly crave for unprotected sex during periods, follow the period cycle closely and understand it well. You may want to consult your gynecologist for the same. Remember, sperms can survive for several days after sex, so even if you have sex during periods, it may still stay in your body long enough to get you pregnant.6. You are not a virgin, you don't have your hymen intact It is extremely silly to believe that an intact hymen is the only proof of virginity. Hymen can rupture anytime, and has nothing to do with sex. It can happen due to over-exercising, or pursuing activities like cycling, horse riding and swimming among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17530937", "title": "Vijay to watch 'Sattam Oru Iruttarai'", "text": "Actor Vijay's cousin and debutante director Sneha Britto is thrilled that her film, a remake of S A Chandrashekar's Sattam Oru Iruttarai titled the same is all set to hit the screens at the earliest. The film has got a U/A certificate and there is going to be a special screening for Ilayathalapathy Vijay tomorrow.Actress Pia Bajpai who plays one of the female lead tweeted last night \"Thalabhati vijay sir is going to watch SOI day aft.tom...so excited\"This film, produced by Vijay's father S.A. Chandrasekar and Vimala Rani, stars Thaman Kumar, Reemma Sen and Pia Bajpai. It is said that only the 'theme' from the original film has been taken and subtle changes have been made in it to suit today's times and have give thrust to love and romance.The film would probably hit screens on December 14 along with Kumki and Neethaane En Ponvasantham based on the availability of theatres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17528199", "title": "Multilayer transport system mooted", "text": "KOCHI: Land-starved and toll-resistant Kerala can explore conversion of two-dimensional roads into three-dimensional entities, according to C Kandasamy, director general (road development) and special secretary in the ministry of road transport and highways (MOTH).Kandasamy said such an innovation would open up the possibilities of introducing multilayer transport systems where another layer of road or rail network could be constructed on top of an existing road. He added that there were instances of highways and even railways passing through buildings in different parts of the world.Kandasamy said, the MOTH was ready to give no objection certificates for mini pilot projects which would usher in infrastructure development through innovative methods. These innovations can be in areas like construction of foot-overbridges and flyovers or introduction of road safety structures.He said, MOTH was exploring the possibility of directly implementing two major pilot projects, the 31-km elevated corridor on the eastern express peripheral expressway in Delhi and the spot improvement programme at the cloverleaf interchange at Gurgaon near New Delhi.\"It was also implementing several mini pilot projects in collaboration with the Indian Road Congress,\" said Kandasamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17528549", "title": "Officials find twin cities more comfortable", "text": "HUBLI: Despite Belgaum hosting the winter session, it is Hubli-Dharwad, 100 km from the twin cities, that is the chosen place to stay by several ministers, legislators and officials.The governor's guesthouse at University of Agriculture Sciences, Dharwad, is playing the perfect host to deputy chief ministers - K S Eshwarappa and R Ashoka-- and DGP Lalrokhuma Pachau. Chief secretary of state S V Ranganath, principal secretary to CM Pradeep Singh Kharola, urban development department principal secretary Amita Prasad and other senior IAS officers have chosen to stay in a high profile private hotel on the Hubli-Dharwad road.Though it takes two hours to reach Belgaum, officials find it more convenient. The lodging facilities in Belgaum cannot accommodate the secretariat officials of Bangalore.The Dharwad district administration has also introduce pick up and drop facilities for officials put up here. \"We have hired 30 Innova cars to take officials to the Suvarna Vidhana Soudha,'' said H S Naregal, the district protocol officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17520167", "title": "Dileep gets a prosthetic nose for Sound Thoma", "text": "The actor, who has experimented with looks in many of his hit movies, will next be seen as a pug-nosed characterBe it the enchantress act in Mayamohini or the buck-toothed hunchback in Kunjikoonan, Dileep has become the favourite of makeup artists when it comes to donning prosthetic makeup.Last year's State Award-winning actor will next be seen as a pug-nosed character in the all-out commercial flick titled Sound Thoma, which will be directed by Vyshakh.While the film's scribe Benny P Nayarambalan is reluctant to reveal any details regarding Dileep's character, a source from the production team tells us that they have already zeroed in on the actor's look, complete with a prosthetic nose.About the film, Benny says, \"It's a movie set in modern day Kuttanad. The titular character's nickname refers to him being from a financially sound family.\"While Dileep's no stranger to prosthetic makeup having donned them in films such as Kalyanaraman (entire face) and Chakkaramuthu (ears), we take a look at some of the other actors who have worn the prosthetic makeup.Prithviraj's new look in celluloid The 70-year-old version of J C Daniel that Prithviraj plays in Kamal's film Celluloid has been made possible with prosthetic makeup moulded by Pattanam Rasheed. Each nuance of the aged version has been carefully perfected through silica mould.They have experimented with makeup too Mohanlal in Paradesi The film shows the actor's character Valiayakathu Moosa in five stages of his life and the trick was to get him to age gracefully. His 70-year-old role took the actor three hours every day for completing the makeup process.Thalaivasal Vijay in Yugapurushan The flilm's makeup man Pattanam Rasheed used artificial ears and nose to ensure that Vijay resembled Sree Narayana Guru and the prosthetic makeup ensured that the creases and wrinkles were captured perfectly.Kamal Haasan in Avvai Shanmughi The master of disguise was at it again, this time with the assistance of Hollywood makeup artist Barry Cooper ,who advised on the prosthetic makeup used for Kamal's transformation into an elderly woman. He mastered the use of prosthetics with Indian.Amitabh Bachchan in Paa Big B used to spend close to four hours daily to don the prosthetic look, done by Hollywood makeup artists Christein Tinsley and Dominie Till, to transform himself into a 13-year-old boy suffering from progeria. The actor even wore the makeup for his dubbing.Marlon Brando in Godfather Referred to as the pioneer of prosthetic makeup, Dick Smith's attempt to create an aged Marlon Brando in The Godfather \"using a dental device to droop the actor's jowls\" is still used as the reference in schools for makeup artists.Joseph-Gordon Levitt in Looper The latest Hollywood flick that has people buzzing is Looper, which has actor Joseph-Gordon Levitt don a prosthetic nose, his lips thinned and eyebrows curled \u00e2\u20ac\u201d all to resemble Bruce Willis , who plays his future self. The makeup was done by Jamie Kelman and Kazu Tsuji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17528801", "title": "Shabana stresses more spending on film scripts", "text": "Bhubaneswar: Actor-activist Shabana Azmi criticized film makers for spending very little on scripts while doling out huge sums for publicity of films.\"Film makers are spending so much on marketing, so little on scripts. We need to revisit that,\" Shabana said while speaking at an interactive session of the 'Think Literature' festival here on Friday.\"In India, we need original writing. Script writers must be paid better. Otherwise, why would one spend his time on writing a good script,\" she said.Shabana said the audience also has a role to play in forcing producers to make good cinema because film makers are like any other businessmen, driven by profits. They go with what audience would like to watch.The actor further said all regional language literature should be translated into other languages. \"Translation is like shifting perfume from one bottle to another. Some scent will evaporate but it will make the audience for the literature wider,\" she said.Shabana said art has an extremely important role to play in social change. \"We are trapped in a feudal mindset. We need to change that. Art can change that,\" she said.Also speaking about communalism, the activist said everybody in the society must strive hard to root out the malaise. The guilty must be punished, she stressed. Defending portrayal of communal strife in cinema, she said the culture of silence regarding uncomfortable issues is not going to solve problems. \"We must have the guts to face the reality,\" she said.Shabana pointed out the country is undergoing a phase of transition and efforts must be made so that nobody remains marginalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17529212", "title": "Telling stories that make a difference", "text": "MUMBAI: Story telling is an integral part of growing up and the thread that connects cultures across the world. With the size of families shrinking and living spaces becoming exclusive, many families in the city do not have anyone to tell children stories. \"The digital revolution has filled this gap to some extent,\" said Amish Tripathi, chief guest at a story-telling session held at University of Mumbai on Friday.\"There are DVDs and animated videos of children's stories, which are mechanical. Hence efforts to revive the ancient art of story telling are worthwhile,\" Tripathi added.Other dignitaries at the event were pro vicechancellor Dr Naresh Chandra and Lana Edwards, consul (political and economic affairs) from the Canadian high commission.At 10am, 70 schoolchildren from across Mumbai gathered for the story-telling session, which revolved around the theme of World Disability Day that fell on December 3. Under the aegis of her voluntary organization 'Wordfully Yours' , Dr Coomi Vevaina , head of the varsity's English department along with her associates Donna Reen, Sharlaine Mascarenhas , Ritwik Joshi, Subroto, Zareen Battiwala and others in association with the Canadian High Commission and Times NIE organized a story-telling session for children from the age group of six to 12 years. This session aimed at sensitizing children to the needs of the differently-abled . Students from St Stanislaus High School, Gundecha Academy, P G Garodia High School, Jamnabai Narsee High School and pupils from Gyan Mata High School from Talasseri, a tribal region in Thane, participated in the session. Nine-year-old Swapnil from Talasseri, who had come along with his teacher Father Joe Albuquerque , said, \"My school is located in a tribal region,160 km from Mumbai. Stepping into the varsity's convocation hall for the story-telling session was a unique experience. The stories about disabled people achieving great heights of success in various fields with willpower were inspiring.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17527993", "title": "Indian Medical Association Nagpur is best big branch", "text": "NAGPUR: Indian Medical Association (IMA), Nagpur branch, has done it again. It has bagged the 'Best Big Branch award' for the year 2011-12. Earlier the branch had won this prestigious award twice in last five years. Alternate years the branch also got the best president and secretary award alternately in last few years.Dr Pradeep Rajderkar, the IMA Nagpur president for 2011-12, received the award from Suresh Shetty, the health minister of Maharashtra, recently at the annual Maharashtra State Conference held at Mumbai.Speaking to TOI, Dr Rajderkar said though the award came for the year he headed the branch, it was a team effort that brought recognition to entire branch. His colleagues it was a tough year as besides the routine agenda, it had to take up certain other essential programmes for the branch as well.It was a year when the renewal of registration certificate of all practising doctors was due by the Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC0. Since MMC has now made it mandatory for every doctor to earn at least 12 points from continuing medical education (CME) programmes, IMA organized as many as 24 CMEs in one year to help every IMA member not miss these points.\"Times have changed. Now every doctor has to keep himself apprised of the latest developments in his field to keep practising. The CMEs were essential and we could manage much more than target,\" said Dr Rajderkar.Dr Ashish Disawal, IMA secretary, said it was not easy to organize at least two big CMEs every month but the branch did it. But more than conducting CMEs the recognition of the work comes as a real inspiration to the present team. Dr Avinash Wase, immediate past secretary who too was instrumental in conducting the programmes, said IMA also completed the Herculean task of moving all private doctors in city to get their registrations renewed from city instead of the conventional process of going to MMC office in Mumbai.\"We got screening of all documents for the 3000 doctors done at IMA office in city. After verification of certificates, all the necessary documents along with their photo IDs were sent to MMC which hastened the process of renewals as well as saved the expense of travelling to Mumbai for all doctors,\" said Dr Wase.IMA also continued its regular projects and campaigns like 'save the girl child, 'anti-tobacco' ' and awareness drives for diseases like cancer, diabetes etc in which the other IMA executives, immediate past secretary Dr Sanjay Deshpande, immediate past vice-president Dr Sunil Bhelekar, immediate past treasurer Dr Ramesh Bhede, immediate past treasurer Dr Sanjivani Dharkar and immediate past joint secretary Dr Ashish Disawal played a big role.Besides, IMA members from city Dr Warsha Dhawale &amp; her team got 'Best Bulletin Award' and Dr Prashant Nikhade, Dr Satish Nalgundawar and their team received 'Highest Enrollment of IMA Maharashtra state social security scheme membership award' for 2011-12. Dr Wase, Dr Prashant Rathi were awarded the 'IMA President's Special Appreciation Award' by Dr Milind Naik, the outgoing state IMA president who is now national president elect of IMA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17528900", "title": "'Just because I wear mascara doesn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t mean I won't play well'", "text": "MUMBAI: She once contemplated using a hammer to break open an egg. Yet, it seemed right that she was speaking at a session titled 'To serve with love' .Among the many confessions that Sania Mirza\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhose forehand bears much better results on the tennis court than in the kitchen\u00e2\u20ac\u201dmade while talking about her impending autobiography with sports analyst Boria Majumdar on Friday, was that \"I can't cook to save my life\" .Mirza stated that \"in Hyderabad , I have played on courts made of cowdung\" . This qualification is also one of the reasons why the autobiography of Mirza, who will soon start a tennis academy with nine courts, will be titled Against All Odds. The other reasons include her middle-class family's struggle to support her career, \"the need to raise Rs 50 to Rs 60 lakh to play professional tennis with no guarantee of getting it back\" and its emotional repercussions. \"My mother had to spend time away from my father while accompanying me.\"The pretty 26-year-old dismissed criticism about her attention to looks . \"Just because I put on mascara does not mean I will not play well or vice versa. I try to look nice as a wom an, not as a tennis player,\" said Mirza, before adding that political correctness is not among her virtues . \"You don't write an autobiography if you want to be politically correct,\" she said, which served as the perfect cue to segue into her letter that shook up the All India Tennis Association during the Olympics . \"We tennis players went through a lot of trauma,\" said Mirza who added, given a choice, she would have paired with Mahesh Bhupathi .On her first meeting with Pakistani cricketer Shoaib Malik whom she went on to marry, Sania said, \"We first met at a restaurant in Australia. For three months, I thought I had bumped into him\", till Malik confessed to having landed up there on purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17528762", "title": "Keltron to handle data centre management", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Holding high its political stance against the former LDF government's decision to entrust the management of the state data centre with Reliance, the UDF government on Friday decided to hand over the data centre management to state public sector unit Keltron.The Achuthanandan government's decision to hand over the data centre and three network operating centres (NOC) in November 2009 for three years to Reliance had raked up a political controversy in the state. Kerala Congress leader and present chief whip P C George had approached the high court seeking a CBI inquiry into the deal. In a Public Interest Petition, George had alleged that since the data centre housed the vital statistics of the state government, the involvement of Reliance posed a high security risk. The LDF government had handed over the task of Data centre management to Reliance after C-DAC had backed out.When the UDF government came to power, it ordered a vigilance inquiry into the deal and declared its decision to hand over the case to the CBI. However, the state government is yet to notify the CBI. Those opposing the deal had accused T G Nandakumar, who was allegedly close to VS, of lobbying for the deal using his clout in the then government.It was also alleged that the LDF government did not explore the options of entrusting Keltron or C-DIT with the task, but took special interest in handing over the management to Reliance through tender proceedings. When the LDF government claimed that government agencies were not competent to handle the job, Keltron and C-Dit came out claiming they were well equipped to handle the data centre management work.Reliance was handed over the data centre management work at Rs 5,14,97,299 for warranty, support, maintenance, upgrading, security audit and ISO certification of the State Information Infrastructure (SII).According to a government order notified on Friday, the Keltron requested the government to entrust them the management of data centre upon the expiry of the contract with Reliance, which elapsed in November 2012. Keltron managing director assured the government that it was competent to manage the entire infrastructure management with its own staff and without opting for the sub-contract route.Ends..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17526918", "title": "Enforcement directorate attaches Rs 10 crore property in 5 cases", "text": "INDORE: The enforcement directorate (ED) has issued order for provisional attachment of properties in five cases. The value of the properties under attachment as confirmed by ED is worth nearly Rs 10 crore. More interestingly, the enforcement agency has already attached properties in two of the cases with it.As of now, there are 54 cases under foreign exchange management act (FEMA) with ED (Indore), it is also investigating 38 cases under prevention of money laundering act (PMLA).Talking to ToI, Balesh Kumar, special director, directorate of enforcement, New Delhi, said, \"After having attached properties, valued at Rs 2.14 crore in the two cases, we are likely to file prosecution against the accused shortly. Our immediate target is to complete investigations into some of the FEMA and PMLA cases.\" Kumar was here to review the activities undertaken by the agency's Indore office during past one year.Talking about the much talked about case of the IAS couple Arvind and Tinu Joshi, Kumar said that investigation are still on. However, we have already made one attachment of movable properties like bank account and insurance policy in the case, which was valued at about Rs 6 crore, he added. There is no rule which authorizes the agency to attach immovable properties of the accused in forms like cash deposit and FDR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17526937", "title": "Petitions of IPS officer's father and accused dismissed", "text": "INDORE: Special CBI court on Friday dismissed petitions filed by father of slain IPS officer Narendra Kumar and accused Manoj Gujjar observing that requests made in petitions have no relevance to the case. Court has scheduled December 10 as the next date when accused will submit his list of witnesses to prove his innocence.Keshav Dev, father of slain IPS officer Narendra Kumar had filed a petition requesting to take statement of constable Kishan of Bamore police station, who had arrested accused Manoj Gujjar. Keshav Dev in his petition has said statement of constable Kishan will throw new light on the case.On this, CBI had argued that constable is not an eye-witness and hence his statement is not necessary. CBI argued that they had produced enough evidences and statements of witnesses for the case and no more statement is required. Court accepted the argument of CBI and dismissed the petition observing that there is no need to call the said constable for the statement.Another petition filed by accused requesting to submit the call details of constable Rajkumar, wives of then TI and SP and slain IPS officer was also rejected by court saying that the same petition was filed earlier also which was rejected by court. Court rejected again observing that call details are not required but court said accused can produce on his own as his defence evidence.It is to be noted that slain IPS Narendra Kumar was allegedly murdered on March 8, 2012 in Murena district of Madhya Pradesh when he was trying to stop a tractor trolley filled with illegally mined stones. Later CBI in its chargesheet termed the incidence as case of culpable homicide and held tractor trolley driver Manoj Gujjar as sole accused. Father of slain IPS officer had alleged hand of mining mafia in murder of his son, but the theory was rejected by CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17527278", "title": "Vadodara engineers develop medical emergency system", "text": "VADODARA: What happens when you meet an accident on a highway or on a city road? Somebody calls for an ambulance, which shifts you to a nearby hospital. But the doctor treating you during the \"golden hour\" hardly knows about your medical history.To bridge this gap that can be a difference between life and death, a group of engineering students from the city have developed a medical emergency system whereby medical data of victims gets transferred automatically to the attendants of the ambulance and hospitals.The budding engineers will be approaching emergency response service providers, who handle city and highway rescue projects with the system for its implementation.\"We believe inadequate and inaccessible medical data are a glooming defect in this country's emergency medical services industry resulting in misdiagnosis, improper emergency care, unnecessary expenditures for test which put a patient's life to risk,\" says Neel Shah, a final year student of computer engineering of city-based Sigma Institute of Engineering.Shah and another engineering student Brinda Patel have developed a website where a person can get registered and fill up medical details including his or her medical history like allergy, family physician, surgeries or operations in the past.\"The website generates two types of cards - wallet card and vehicle card - which have complete details of a person's medical history including blood group, health insurance details, history of diabetes, strokes, lung disorders among others. While these cards can be kept as a handy support during the time of emergencies, we have also developed a mobile application where registered users can alert a nearby ambulance by just pressing a button on his cell phone,\" says Shah.\"During the time of emergencies, the medical history of the user will automatically get transferred to the ambulance and the hospital which is attending the patient,\" he says, adding that with such a system in place the network hospitals can keep the required logistics ready.The duo is now developing a GPS device that can be mounted on vehicles. \"Once we integrate the entire system, we will approach the emergency response service providers,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "17527622", "title": "Clash averted between UP, Haryana farmers", "text": "SONIPAT: An ongoing dispute over possession of agricultural land between two villages of Haryana and Uttar Pradesh threatened to turn violent on Friday. The tension, however, was eased after timely intervention by police and revenue officials from the two states, who have now decided to hold a joint meeting on December 12 to settle the dispute.Tension had been brewing between farmers of Jajal village in Sonepat and Nivada village of Baghpat district in Uttar Pradesh for the past three days over possession of agricultural land along Yamuna river. The farmers of Jalal village alleged that they had completed wheat sowing in around 100 acres of land adjoining Yamuna river falling within the revenue boundary of the village. On Wednesday, farmers from Nivada, carrying firearms, ploughed the fields to take possession of the land. The situation worsened on Thursday when Nivada farmers again did the same thing.The affected farmers were planning to retaliate when Sonipat district administration got information and rushed to mediate between the two groups. While some youths from Jalal wanted to hit back, farmers instead informed the SDM and police authorities about the matter.After receiving information about face-off, Sonepat SDM Jag Niwas and DSP Rakam Singh along with tehsildar Naresh, SHO Sultan Singh and police personnel reached the spot while SDM of Baghpat in UP too arrived at the spot to discuss the issue. Sonipat SDM said the two groups have decided to hold a meeting on December 12 to resolve the dispute. \"The farmers of both the villages would also attend the meeting and till then have been asked not to take any action in haste,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17526649", "title": "Anti-Hindi protester in court to seek pension", "text": "MADURAI: An 87-year-old man, V Chockkalingam of Cumbum in Theni district, who took part in the anti-Hindi has been fighting a legal battle for 10 years to get the pension for his participation in the movement.The state government is providing Rs 4,000 per month to the participants of the anti-Hindi agitations that rocked the state in the 1960s. Though many of Chockalingam's fellow agitators are receiving the amount, he is struggling to get it. Chockkalingam now lives in a thatched hut.Though Chockkalingam possessed necessary legal documents confirming his participation in the agitation, he was being denied pension under the Tamil Nadu Payment of Pension to Tamil Scholars and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1983.Seeking justice, the 87-year-old man who has been running from pillar-to-post for the past 10 years, has moved the Madurai bench of the Madras high court for the second time by way of filing an appeal.Prior to this, he had already filed a writ petition before the Madras high court. At that time, Justice K Raviraja Pandian passed orders on April 20, 2004 directing the authorities to dispose the representation of Chockkalingam within 12 weeks.As there was no action on the part of the authorities, a contempt petition was filed by Chockkalingam before the then same Justice Raviraja Pandian. The court was told then that recommendation has been made in favour of Chockkalingam and the same was sent to directorate of Tamil development. Following this, the contempt petition was closed on March 10, 2005.However, the aged man did not taste any fruitful results, which dragged him to file another writ petition before the Madurai bench in 2011. But single judge of the Madurai bench T Raja on November 23, 2011, dismissed Chockkalingam's writ petition citing the Supreme Court judgment in 1976. The apex court in that case held that the pension scheme formulated by the Tamil Nadu government contains the vice of disintegration and fomenting fissiparous tendencies.If any state is engaged in exciting emotion against Hindi or any other language such provocation, it has to be nipped in the bud because these are anti-national and anti-democratic, the court held. The division bench comprising Justices K N Basha and P Devadass, however, admitted the appeal and have posted the matter to next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17529009", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcIf goondas can form a political party, why not five thinkers?\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Corruption is not in our blood. It is in our social fabric,\" said sociologist Shiv Visvanathan, setting the tone for a punchy debate at the TOI Literary Carnival on Friday on an issue that has captured public imagination in recent months \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the anatomy of corruption.Visvanathan, who describes himself as a social science nomad, was joined at the podium by economist Swaminathan Aiyar, activist Anjali Damania and IIT professor Amitabh Bagchi who collectively dissected the rampant corruption plaguing the Indian society and offered their nuanced suggestions on ways to tackle it.True to his style, Aiyar kicked off his argument with an equation famously used by American economist Robert Klitgaard - \"Corruption is monopoly plus discretion minus accountability\" - and said we have all the three problems in India as bureaucrats and politicians hold both monopoly and discretion. \"Unless we have stringent police and judicial system with penalties for people who do wrong, there is no way out.\" Aiyar brushed off any suggestion that corruption may be a part of one's moral fibre. He pertinently pointed out that human beings were not moral or immoral but responded to the system they lived with.On moderator Shaili Chopra's query whether corruption was so prevalent in India because it was undergoing a transition fromdeveloping to a developed state, Bagchi chipped in with a historical perspective. He said that India was essentially a feudal society with governance structures that were based on paying tribute. \"What we see is not something unique to today.\" He rues that New Age public uprisings against corruption have taken moral, sanctimonious stands without understanding the structure of corruption.This brought Chopra to the crux of the issue . If corruption has always been around, why was India so angry today? Damania, who belongs to the India Against Corruption movement , attributed the public uprising to the unprecedented scale that scams have reached today. \"No one had heard of scams of Rs 1.76 lakh crore in the past,\" she said, alluding to the figure popularly associated with the 2G scam.Expressing fear that the discussion circled around \"a middle-class\" notion of corruption, Visvanathan drew it back to how for the poor corruption was about gaining legitimacy. \"It's only bribe that lets you stay in the city. Corruption gives you citizenship that you would have never got.\" A draw of hands showed that only a handful in the packed hall had never offered a bribe.So, is there really a way out? Bagchi said there was a need to design a system where rentseeking doesn't happen. Although he admitted that it was a near impossibility.Aiyar reiterated that a lot could be achieved through purposive reforms. \"Law and order should be under the home ministry, but crime detection should be a separate commission,\" he said, citing the example of Japan that had an independent crime commission. \"I regret this won't happen,\" he said dismally.The activist in Damania makes her believe that each and every citizen needs to rise against corruption. \"If five goondas can form a political party, why can't five thinkers?\" she said, drawing loud applause from the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17528740", "title": "Didi fan disrupts court hearing", "text": "KOLKATA: An intruder dramatically interrupted a high court hearing on Friday on whether chief minister Mamata Banerjee can be tried for contempt for her remarks on the judiciary. Indrajit Biswas, 42, who claims he doesn't belong to any political party or organization, threw leaflets and shouted in the courtroom that Mamata had done no wrong.Acting chief justice Pratap Ray gave Biswas a patient hearing and asked whether he would like to apologize to the bench for his behaviour. Biswas expressed remorse inside the court but did not retract his allegations. By then, police were on their toes to restrain him from doing anything more dramatic. Justice Ray, however, asked police to let him go. The court deferred the hearing till December 14.Later, Biswas gave slogans of Mamata zindabad outside the court. Besieged by reporters, he said that he was an \"ardent fan\" of Mamata but repeatedly denied any political affiliation.Biswas, who is from Birbhum, insisted in the courtroom that Mamata had done no wrong since \"he had been saying the same thing - in writing - to everyone, from judges to the Prime Minister and President\". Since he had not been booked for contempt, neither should the chief minister, he argued, sparking a temporary pandemonium inside the packed courtroom.Biswas claimed he had applied for a gas agency but his application was turned down by a petroleum major to \"benefit someone else\". His appeals in courts fell flat because of corruption, he alleges. \"The chief minister has only said that judgments can be bought. That is what I have been saying, in writing, for so long. Nothing happened to me. So why is the chief minister being singled out? She is a true person,\" he said.On the eve of Independence Day, Mamata had kicked up a storm with her alleged statements on judiciary during a function in the state assembly. On August 16, former mayor Bikash Ranjan Bhattacharya brought this to the notice of the HC, urging that it should act on its own. The court then issued directions to newspapers - including The Times of India - and some television channels cited by Bhattacharya. After this was compiled with, the bench appointed two amicus curiae, senior advocates Hirak Mitra and Ranjan Deb, to assist it. They gave their report on September 27, and the court concluded the hearing and reserved its direction for a future date. However, one of the judges hearing the matter, Justice Kalyanjyoti Sengupta was appointed a judge in Uttarakhand high court.On Friday, the division bench comprising Justice Ray and Justice Baidya said that they could not examine the CD containing the purported speech of Mamata that was produced in court. The bench said it needs to be decided whether the chief minister's remarks were a \"fair comment to clean the judiciary or had malice against it\". Bhattacharya said that it was a clear case of issue of contempt rule against the chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17528695", "title": "Moily: Crude import to be reduced by 2017", "text": "MANGALORE: India is preparing a roadmap to reduce the import of crude oil by 50 per cent by 2016-17.Union minister for petroleum and natural gas M Veerappa Moily said that the nation will achieve the goal through a breakthrough exploration policy. \"The roadmap to reduce the import of crude oil will be prepared in a couple of days. Our aim is to make India self-reliant in petroleum and natural gas. The refinery capacity of Indian companies needs to be increased,\" he said.Karnataka is the only state in the nation where there is no Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) terminal, he said. \"The work of laying LNG pipelines from Kochi and Bangalore to Mangalore is underway. The ministry will give emphasis to expedite the process. Our development is asymmetrical and hence we need to give thrust on infrastructure. We also need to have a comprehensive and proactive approach towards development,\" he added.On Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) in retail market, Moily said that it would generate more job opportunity in the country. \"It is totally a misconception that job opportunities will be reduced by allowing FDI in retail market. We need to change our mindset. The Union government can assure jobs for every household within two years if people support our policies,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "atam nagar", "code": "17527216", "title": "Samridh\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s green birthday", "text": "ATAM NAGAR: It was a birthday celebration with a difference as the children attending the bash got plants as gifts. Not just this, the host of the party also served food in wooden plates and ensured that everyone wear a green cap to promote eco-friendliness.The birthday boy was 11-year-old Samridh Nagpal, who was blessed in the green environs.Palka Nagpal, a manager in Italian Kitchen Boutique and mother of birthday boy, said, \"Ludhiana is an industrial city so the pollution level is very high. There is need to increase the green cover and also to promote it. With this idea in mind, I ensured that everyone (especially children) attending my son's birthday wears a green cap. Also, we served them food in wooden plates.\" \"We also gave plants as gifts to children. I told them when they have a birthday, I will see whether they have taken good care of the saplings,\" Palka said.Gagan Nagpal, a businessman and father of Samridh, added, \"About 30 children and our relatives attended the birthday party. Among the family members and relatives who attended the party included my sisters Gurpriya and Sonu and my mother-in-law Baljeet Kaur and sisters-in-law Jasmeet Kaur and Babalpreet Kaur of Model Town extension.\" \"We served the guest with Chinese noodles, Manchurian, patties and paneer, cake and soft drinks. Later the guests also had dinner,\" he said. Six-year-old Raja and Mahir Arneja of Sarabha Nagar loved the bash.Samridh, a student of DPS Ludhiana, said, \"I got electric guitar from my dad, which I liked the most.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527046", "title": "Illegal mining: Goan firm operates on Pakistani\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s power of attorney, CEC tells SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The brazen illegal mining with \"tacit\" approval of the Goa government touched a new high when the Supreme Court's environment panel said that a Pakistani had been for decades executing power of attorney from Karachi to a Goan partnership firm for mining of iron ore in serious breach of law.The CEC (Central Empowered Committee) in its report to SC on Friday said, \"It is seen that the mining lease was granted in the name of an individual who had migrated to Pakistan and died there. He was never involved in operating the mining lease or seeking renewal of it.The lease has been allowed to be operated illegally by a partnership firm comprising Timblo Pvt Ltd, Ms Radha S Timblo and others. The mining lease has been renewed by the Goa government in favour of the partnership firm owned and controlled by Timblo family by disregarding and in blatant violation of Rule 37 of Mineral Concession Rules, 1960.\"The CEC pointed out that the renewal of mining lease was allowed \"on the basis of an unregistered power of attorney, stated to have been executed by the lessee while staying in Pakistan and whose genuineness and validity was highly dubious and doubtful\".\"Even though all facts in the matter were available with the state government, it chose to ignore them and the lease granted in favour of an individual was illegally allowed to be converted into a partnership firm owned by Timblo family,\" the CEC said.Amicus curiae A D N Rao informed the court that the CEC found many more such cases of grant of mining lease in violation of Mineral Concession Rules.On the Timblo family-owned partnership firm, the environment panel said the original lease was granted to one Badrudin Bavani and the first renewal of the lease was allowed in the name of a firm 'Badrudin Hussain Bhai Mavani', who neither has any financial stake nor any control in the said firm controlled by the Timblo family.\"The state of Goa was fully aware of the serious illegalities involved. However, instead of taking punitive action in accordance with the law, it disregarded the serious illegalities and chose to grant renewal of the mining lease in favour of the partnership firm owned and under control of Timblo family, which should not have been permitted,\" it said.\"The ownership and control of the said lease by the Timblo family (through the partnership firm) was justified by them by producing before the state government another power of attorney dated November 5, 1997 stated to have been executed by Mavani in favour of Ms Radha S Timblo. In the said power of attorney, it is mentioned that Mavani is staying in Karachi, Pakistan. This document is not registered, not notarized or signed in presence of witnesses,\" it said.The special secretary (development) found that the signature of Mavani in the power of attorney executed in 1979 did not tally with the 1997 document. It is mandatory for general power of attorney (GPA) signed abroad and received in India to be routed through the district magistrate or verified by the Indian embassy/consulate, neither of which was done in this case, the CEC found.In another deed of partnership dated March 27, 2002, Abdul Sultan Mavani (son of the original lease holder) was included as partner in place of his father though the death of the earlier lease holder was no where mentioned in the partnership deed.By another reconstitution of partnership deed on April 7, 2005, Abdul Sultan Mavani was stated to have retired from the partnership, the CEC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17527444", "title": "Mahotsav venue to get 15 new toilets", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow Mahotsav organising committee has proposed a plan in which it will request the Lucknow Development Authority, Lucknow Municipal Corporation and Awas Vikas Parishad to construct five permanent toilets at the venue. As per the plan, a total of 15 toilets will be constructed with a budget of Rs 50 lakh.The organising committee has taken this decision after a news report published in The Times of India on December 7 under the headline \"Absence of basic amenities tarnish Mahotsav image\". As per the news report, the arrangements of toilets and drinking water were below expectation.The decision was taken at the committee meeting headed by divisional commissioner Sanjeev Mittal on Friday. Confirming the development, secretary, Lucknow Mahotsav organising committee, RS Yadav said, \"As artisans and traders were unsatisfied with the temporary toilets, we have proposed the plan. The 15 toilets will be constructed at Lucknow Mahotsav by the next year.\" He added that on Friday, water has been sprinkled at the Mahotsav venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17526984", "title": "100 builders get notices on use of water", "text": "GURGAON: The department of Town and Country Planning (DTCP) has issued notices to over 100 builders asking them to furnish details of the source of water being used for construction projects in Gurgaon.The DTCP had also given a specific formatted form in which the builders are required to furnish all the details of water sourcing for the construction projects. After the Punjab and Haryana high court order of banning the use of borewell water for construction purposes, HUDA had started supplying treated water from the sewage treatment plants (STPs).The builders have been instructed to keep the DTCP office updated about the water consumption in each project in Gurgaon.\"The builders have been asked to provide details of the water taken from the STPs or other certified sources. The details will be compiled for further action,\" said a senior official of the DTCP. In Gurgaon all the private developers fall under the jurisdiction of the DTCP and HUDA has now become the sole supplier of water for construction.After initial reluctance the builders have now started taking water from HUDA STPs in Gurgaon. According to conservative estimates, lakhs of litres of treated water is being lifted from the STP and then taken to construction sites in far-away places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17526522", "title": "Ex-servicemen rue unemployment", "text": "BANGALORE: They are the ones who once offered selfless service for the nation. But their life is not taken care of after retirement, rue ex-servicemen. The state government has not implemented many schemes for re-employment of retired armed force personnel, they say.Speaking at the Armed Forces Flag day, Vice-Admiral (rtd) Bola Radhakrishna Rao said: \"Though there is provision for re-employment of defence personnel in state government services with 10 per cent reservation, it's not been implemented. In many districts, just two or three per cent seats are reserved. There should be an authority to monitor the government's operation in recruiting army personnel.\"\"The Karnataka government is yet to implement the 50 per cent property tax reduction and free BMTC bus passes for ex-servicemen. It has been declared in Karnataka gazette long ago but not implemented,\" said PB Shetty, director of department of Sainik welfare and resettlement.\"The government must take steps to support the ex-servicemen once they retire from service. The defence personnel come to the rescue of the government during any disaster and wake up for any midnight call. The government must also be waking up for their causes,\" said governor HR Bhardwaj.Governor presented grants to the families of Major Sandeep Unnikrishnan and Captain Omkarnath Rao who sacrificed their lives for the nation. Sandeep was shot by terrorists during Mumbai attack on November 26, 2008 while Rao laid down his life in an encounter with terrorists in Operation Rakshak in Jammu and Kashmir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17530959", "title": "Shabana defends Javed Akhtar", "text": "Actress Shabana Azmi has defended her lyricist-scriptwriter husband Javed Akhtar after a TV channel counted him among celebrity members of parliament (MP) who are irregular in attending parliament sessions.Shabana took offence to it, and vented her angst through Twitter.\"I object to a television channel clubbing Javed Akhtar with Sachin (Tendulkar) and Rekha to say these MPS have not regularly attended Parliament. Not true,\" she wrote.\"Javed would not have been able to get Copyright Amendment Law passed had he not attended Parliament regularly. TV channels check facts please,\" she added.Both the husband and wife are members of the Rajya Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17528011", "title": "No visa waiver for Norway, says China", "text": "BEIJING: China has introduced a visa waiver scheme covering many countries including most of Europe. However, one country not included in this list is Norway. This is seen as a deliberate snub because the Norwegian parliament played a role in the selection of Chinese dissident Liu Xiabao for the Nobel Peace Prize of 2011.Although the prize is determined independently by the Nobel committee, the Norwegian parliament plays a role in the nominations. After Liu got the prize, an angry China said Norway had hurt Chinese people' feelings.Under the visa waiver scheme, citizens from 45 countries, including all 27 members of the European Union, Iceland and Switzerland, will enjoy the new visa-free treatment, besides visitors from the US, Russia, Japan, Australia and major Latin American countries.The scheme allows a visitor to stay in China for 72 hours without visa. This will hugely help short term visitors attending business meetings, conferences and exhibitions as well as those transiting through China.Incidentally, Chinese author Mo Yan, this year's literature Nobel winner, will receive the Nobel prize on Monday, and he has suggested he would not sign a petition by 134 fellow Nobel laureates calling for the release of Liu Xiabao, the Nobel Peace Prize winner serving an 11-year prison term for inciting subversion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17530897", "title": "Beyonce's gifts expensive watch to Jay-Z", "text": "Singer Beyonce has reportedly splashed three million pounds on a watch, which she presented to husband Jay-Z as a birthday gift.J-Zay turned 43 Dec 4 and received a luxury Hublot watch named the Big Bang. The timepiece has 1,282 diamonds on it.\"Beyonce will always buy Jay the best gifts money can buy. Money is no object to her. She knew he would love the Hublot Big Bang watch. It's the ultimate timepiece, a mixture of extravagance, luxury and bling,\" dailystar.co.uk quoted a source as saying.\"Jay Z is a huge watch collector and was very excited when he was given the gift. He can't wait to start flashing it around. It is absolutely stunning,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17528820", "title": "Palakkad reign supreme in state championship", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Palakkad district brought to an end Ernakulam's eight-year reign at the top in the 56th Kerala State Schools Athletics Championship at the Univeristy Stadium here on Friday.Backed by a stupendous performance of athletes from Parli HSS, Kalladi HSS and Mundur HSS, Palakkad finished on top of the table with 272 points. Ernakulam were runners-up with 257 points.The organizing committee's decision on Thursday to disqualify three athletes from Kothamangalam schools, St George's and Mar Basil, for age fraud saw Ernakulam being deducted 32 points and ultimately they paid the price for it. However, St George's HSS had the satisfaction of wresting the title for the best school from Mar Basil. St George's finished with 111 points, while Mar Basil ended second with 99 points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17526203", "title": "Arunachal accepts medicinal and aromatic plants policy draft", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh will now start preparing policy framework for conservation and sustainable use of medicinal and aromatic plants (MAP) in the state as the MAP policy draft has been accepted 'in principle'.This development came after a day-long workshop on policy and legal review, which focused on traditional knowledge and participatory forest management, under a project titled \"Mainstreaming Conservation and Sustainable Use of Medicinal Plant Diversity in Arunachal Pradesh\" held here on Thursday. The workshop was sponsored by the UNDP, Centre and the GEF (Global Environment Facility). The workshop was organized by the Arunachal Pradesh State Medicinal Plant Board (APSMPB).The participants of the workshop said while preparing the policy for MAP, the local communities should be consulted as Arunachal is a tribal dominated state. The draft policy on MAP was presented by the Enviro Legal Defence Firm (ELDF), Noida, which is the outsourced consultant under the project.After deliberation on the pros and cons of the requisite policy parameters, the policy draft was accepted in principle by the members, sources said on Friday.\"If this draft policy materializes, Arunachal Pradesh will be the first state to have a legal policy on the MAP sector, which will be a pride for the state,\" PCCF BS Sajwan said.The PCCF emphasized that while drafting the MAP policy for Arunachal Pradesh, agro-climatic zones should be given priority for both cultivated and wildly-collected MAP products. For this, the divisional forest officers and district horticultural officers should be explained if the MAP product is collected or not, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17526365", "title": "2 Bangladeshi girls freed from sex trade", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For Nahla (name changed), 16, a native of Bangladesh, her wait of six months would end next week as she would reunite with her family. Sahida (name changed), 17, and Nahla, were rescued by joint efforts of Childline, an NGO, and state police six months back from flesh trade. Nahla had managed to flee to Ahmedabad from Rajkot.According to state police officials, the Childline volunteers were present at Kalupur railway station with Government Railway Police (GRP) in July when they spotted a girl crying uncontrollably. When the officials tried to communicate with her, they realized that she spoke Bangla. The NGO brought in an expert after which they got to know her story.\"She told us that she was from Bangladesh and had come with her family to India in search of employment. When she was working in Kolkata, a woman approached her parents and offered a job in Gujarat, paying double the amount she was getting. Believing her, the parents let her go along with other girls. However, she was thrown in world of prostitution in Rajkot,\" said a Childline official.Tired of the atrocities, she managed to flee from the spot and boarded the first train she saw. As she did not have the ticket, she got down at Kalupur when she was found by the officials. She mentioned that there was another girl, Sahida, a Bangladeshi national, with her at Rajkot. The NGO officials contacted city crime branch who informed Rajkot police about the incident. A team of Rajkot crime branch raided the spot and rescued Sahida, mother of a child. After the legal process, the duo has been cleared to go to Bangladesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17527759", "title": "Brides-to-be in Chennai say 'I do' to finishing schools", "text": "CHENNAI: She holds the wine glass with consummate ease, cleaves the meat without staining the table cloth and dabs her mouth with a handkerchief after a meal - at this point, 25-year-old Rita Jacob bursts into a nervous giggle before regaining her composure. \"The weather is quite pleasant. Would you like to go out for a walk?\" she asks with a faint British accent, before breaking into splits again.Her wedding is just a month away and she still has a lot to learn - how to eat, walk, dance and be courteous. She is one of the students at a finishing school in Anna Nagar that teaches how to be a sociable bride and wife. \"My fiance has made a list of skills I need to pick up before I head to join him in London ,\" says Jacob, who is set to marry an Indian Foreign Service officer.Though still in its nascent stages in Chennai, new-age finishing schools are drawing an increasing number of brides-to-be. \"When a woman marries a man, she is not establishing ties with him alone, but his entire family. These skills go a long way in helping her deal with this new phase,\" says Gerard Assey, who runs Etiquette Works, a grooming school in Anna Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17530807", "title": "IOA suspension culmination of dirty politics: Bhupathi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Veteran Indian tennis player Mahesh Bhupathi feels the suspension of the Indian Olympic Association by the IOC is a \"culmination of dirty politics\".\"I am not sure who is personally responsible for this but from what I hear and read, it's a culmination of dirty politics,\" Bhupathi said.The IOA has suspended by the International Olympic Committee for not adhering to the Olympic charter in its election process.Adding to the woes of Indian sports is the provisional suspension of the Indian Amateur Boxing Federation by its parent body AIBA for \"possible manipulation\" in elections.Bhupathi said the developments are embarrassing. \"...I am not sure when this has happened last to any country, not being able to represent India for the sportsperson at any international meet is punishing and for absolutely no fault of theirs,\" he said.However, the veteran Davis Cupper said it turn out to be a blessing in disguise for Indian sports \"as long as someone in a position to make a difference takes the lead and starts cleaning up the mess one by one.\"\"...I have always said it needs to be a mix of sportspersons and business-savvy folks; once this is done, I am sure we will change the culture in India.\"If it is done it will be a very unique achievement and nothing special or unique is easy to do, but it can be done,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17529210", "title": "The lake that was", "text": "The Hyderabad of my childhood was so uneventful that a trip to Husainsagar was the highest form of entertainment , a memory one ruminated on for months. In the sixties, the raw beauty of a much larger lake enticed one and all. Tankbund road was narrow, pavements non-existent , and traffic so thin that a snail crossing the road would not run the risk of being run over. The lower tank bund road was a narrow dirt track lining a green expanse of paddy fields . Hotel Marriott stands where a Coca Cola bottling plant, a regular target for school excursions, stood. Connecting the upper and lower Tankbund roads were narrow stone steps on the wall of the bund. We used these steps to go Bharat Sevashram Sangha on the lower road for a community meal at Kali puja on Diwali. For the non-adventurous , the lake was approachable from the Secunderabad Sailing Club or the Hyderabad Boat Club on the opposite end. A bus ride on the top deck of a doubledecker bus through Tankbund was enticing . Racing records were broken and set on Tankbund road.A small kebaband-paratha shop opposite the lakeside and a restaurant at the level of water on the Tankbund road which had an open shelter as a roof-top , were favourite haunts. Bongs had their fi ll of fish from the closeby stall of the fisheries department. In the late seventies , water hyacinth aggressively claimed the lake, making it look like a vast green expanse. The battle against it was not easy and became almost a full-time research obsession with RRLabs.Every Durga puja, on Dashami, Durga was bid farewell in the lake by half-a-dozen Bengali clubs who used Hyderabad Boat Club premises for immersion . More than faith, it was our only chance to get on an open lorry, shout, sing, dance and be boisterous. The unique sight of the army puja's amphibian truck, which moved on land and water attracted crowds and made us feel proud. Ganesh festival till the end of seventies was virtually unknown in Hyderabad. Since then with every passing year Ganesh immersion has only grown larger and more aggressive , contributing to the lead, mercury and cadmium levels of the lake, besides the silt. Bongs are, perhaps, to be blamed for showing the way. Through the eighties and nineties, dramatic changes swept the lake's environs . Tankbund road got broadened, beautified and statuefied ! The Buddha Purnima Project got underway, the Necklace road came up, and the monolith Buddha was transported prostrate on a huge vehicle with over a hundred wheels, only to fall in the lake on its way to the rock of Gibralter , killing several people. But there were other ugly things happening along with the beautifi cation . Patancheru industrial estate's effluents and the city's sewage began to get free access to the lake. The clear water of the lake went so turbid that Buddha's rescue was a nightmare. Stench around the lake became insufferable. Governor Kumudben Joshi as also Governor Kishan Kant would lament in personal conversation about how the stench obliterated the joy of an enticing view from their residence. Then came a time when eating the lake's fi sh could endanger one's health. Although Husainsagar's beautifi cation has enraptured everyone, the lake has been dying a slow death. Moreover , the banks of Husainsagar has become the best destination for the last journey of our politicians. And who knows, the fate of Masab tank might befall Husainsagar in a few decades, and then the transition from a park to a mall will be only a matter of real estate strategy!Time and again, independent organisations have run extensive experiments to study the water quality of the Hussainsagar. The results, each time, have thrown up startling facts about the deteriorating condition of the city's most important water body. Excerpts from some of those studies:National Environmental Engineering Research Institute: 1997-98This water quality assessment was conducted by NEERI on the request of the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply &amp; Sewerage Board. The study revealed a very low, and in some locations zero, presence of dissolved oxygen (DO) in the Hussainsagar thereby indicating the fragile lake water quality and the effect of organic pollution. The study concluded that the lake was in an advanced stage of 'Eutrophication' , which means that there was an increased plant growth in the water body. According to experts this accelerated growth is either due to natural fertilizing agents washed from the soil or dumping of chemical fertilizers. Eutrophication may also occur due to drainage of sewage, industrial wastes or detergents into a body of water.Ecology &amp; Environment Group, National Geophysical Research Institute: 2007-08", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17528657", "title": "Cloud-kisser on Chowringhee", "text": "KOLKATA: The city's maiden skyscraper is finally underway. Located on the venerable Chowringhee, the highrise boulevard that shaped Kolkata's distinct skyline, the super-structure will be more than twice as tall as South City towers.Christened 'The 42', the 245-metre-tall building on 42B Chowringhee that once belonged to the Maharaja of Darbhanga is a super-luxury residential project. According to Mani Group CEO Sanjay Jhunjhunwala, who is leading a consortium of four groups to develop the landmark, \"The 42, like Dubai's Burj Khalifa , will be the conversation-maker for Kolkata\". Alcove and Diamond groups, Kolkata, and Sattva group, Bangalore, make the quartet.Though the skyscraper's height will be equivalent to an 80-storied building, The 42 will be 62 stories tall, housing 58 bungalow apartments stacked one over the other. The first four stories will make up the lobby and three service floors. There will be a six-level car park for 350 cars and each apartment will get six parking slots.Hafeez Contractor, the architect, feels The 42 will be an iconic structure. \"In Kolkata, one is unlikely to get an address more premium than 42B Chowringhee, overlooking the Hooghly, the Maidan, Victoria Memorial, St Paul's Cathedral and Birla Planetarium. It is a picture perfect view, the best one can get in the city,\" said Jhunjhunwala.Each floor will house one lavish apartment. Since the Mani Group is also constructing the upscale hotel JW Marriott on EM Bypass, it will also offer the option of fully-furnished bungalows in the sky. While the building will be a neck-wringer for pedestrians measuring it up from street level, it is a huge engineering and technology challenge given the soft alluvial soil and the scale of construction within a confined space between the Tata Centre and Jeevan Sudha buildings. \"We have roped in the best national and international consultants to guide us,\" the Mani Group head said.Foundation piling began two-and-a-half months ago as per specifications provided by structural and civil engineers at Jadavpur University and IIT-Mumbai. Callison Architects of the US is providing the foundation design. ITD Cementation that is doing the 55-metre piling work will do the foundation as well.The tower contract is likely to be a toss-up between L&T; and Shapoorji Pallonji. Hitech construction technology like system formwork from Peri Germany that enables hydraulic-operated construction platform shutters to move up automatically.The exterior of the building will be all concrete with no brickwork. The construction cost is pegged at Rs 300 crore and apartments could sell for Rs 18,000-20,000/sq ft.The genesis of the 3.5-acre project goes back to 1993 when Amarnath Shroff, a former partner of Diamond group and current chief of Alcove, purchased around five bighas that belonged to the Maharaja of Darbhanga from the high court. The Diamond Group later bought two other contiguous plots. Amalgamation and civic sanctions proved tough. The Mani group and Sattva group entered the picture three years ago to give shape to the project that had seen several twists and turns. Shroff split with partner Shiv Kajaria to form Alcove. Initially, Grand Hyatt hotel was proposed at the site, followed by an office tower with a roof-top helipad before finally deciding on the high-end.\"Since space relaxation that was granted to the project by the previous board was withdrawn, we decided to comply with every norm in the statute and redesigned the project. Now that construction has begun, we expect the foundation to be completed by February when the project will be launched. The first resident is expected to move in prior to 2015 Diwali,\" Jhunjhunwala added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17527624", "title": "Students brave dangerous west Kochi road", "text": "KOCHI: Students of SDPY Central School, Chinmaya Vidyalaya and St Joseph's GUPS pray everyday as vehicles carrying them pass through the Chellanam-Kalathara road and Cherrackal-Mundamveli road in Palluruthy. Not surprising, considering the one-km stretch, used by around 1,000 students on a daily basis, has water bodies on either side, without side walls for protection.A slight error in judgement or carelessness by a driver is all that is required for a tragedy, worse than the school van accident at Parvathy Puthanar in Thiruvananthapuram that claimed six children, to occur.Though the city traffic police have filed a report before concerned authorities, warning of impending danger, no action has been taken so far. As per the traffic police report, three schools situated in the area and over 1,000 students travel through this dangerous stretch in school buses, vans, autorickshaws and bicycles daily. The city police had submitted the report on June 6 to the district administration, pointing out the necessity to construct side walls. \"A slight error in judgement on the part of a driver is enough for a vehicle to fall into the water. There have been incidents wherein students riding bicycles were rescued by locals after they fell into the water body,\" said a senior police official.As per the report, five school buses, 25 vans and 30 autorickshaws use the road daily. Apart from this, around 700 students on bicycles take this road to reach their schools. \"Except for mornings and evenings, the road wears a deserted look,\" the official added.\"We have raised the issue several times before the panchayat and other government officials. But nobody has bothered to seriously look into the issue and do the needful,\" said a senior teacher of SDPY Central School. The road belongs to Chellanam panchayat and the civic body has no plan to construct the side walls,\" a teacher said.When contacted, the panchayat member of the area, Jessy Augustine, said the local body was helpless as they have a limit of Rs one lakh for projects undertaken by them. The construction of side walls would cost a minimum Rs 15 lakh, according to a rough estimate. \"We have discussed the matter with senior administrative officials and they have promised to look into the matter soon,\" Jessy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17526842", "title": "Police raid Patna College hostels again", "text": "PATNA: For a second time within a week, the Patna police, on Friday morning, conducted raids at the four hostels of Patna College ahead of the PUSU polls scheduled for December 11. While hockey sticks and lathis were seized from the rooms of several hostels, gun powder, other bomb-making materials, hockey sticks and lathis were recovered from one room of the Jackson Hostel.A large number of cops conducted the four-hour-long search at the hostels. Each room of the Jackson, Minto, Nutan and Iqbal hostels were thoroughly searched.Patna SSP Amrit Raj said, \"A large number of hockey sticks and lathis were seized from the hostel rooms. Gun powder, splinters and other bomb-making materials were seized from one room of the Jackson hostel. The particular room was not allotted to any student.\"Randhir Kumar Singh, warden, Patna College hostels, said, \"Police seized objectionable materials from room number 33, which was currently not allotted to any student. Amrit Raj, a student of part 1, Hindi (honours), had committed suicide last year around the Chhath festival. Since then, the room has not been allotted to any student.\"The SSP said, \"Since the room was not allotted to any student and the objectionable materials seized were unclaimed, an FIR against unidentified persons was lodged with Pirbahore police station.\" He added, \"No one has been arrested in connection with the previous FIR, related to clashes among students, lodged with the Pirbahore police station on December 1.\"The raiding police team comprised DSP (law and order), DSP Kotwali, SDPO Sadar and SHOs of local police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17528924", "title": "Buddhist train to enter state on Dec 23", "text": "Bhubaneswar: It's official now. The much-awaited Buddhist train, popularly known Mahaparinirvan Express, will reach Odisha on December 23. India Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC), a subsidiary of Railways, in association with Odisha Tourism has drawn up two special trips from Delhi on December 20 and January 20, 2013. The inter-state special train, which covers most parts of Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and Delhi, connecting several Buddhist sites in Bodhgaya, Nalanda, Rajgir, Sarnath, Gorakhpur, Khushinagar, Gonda, Sravasti and Agra, will arrive at Jajpur railway station first on December 23 and again on January 23, on its second trip. The train is scheduled for a two-day halt here in December and for a day in January. As per the itinerary, tourists will be taken to Lalitgiri, Ratnagiri and Udayagiri Buddhist sites on December 23 and Dhauligiri and Konark the following day. However, Dauligiri and Konark will not feature on the platter of tourists embarking on January trip. While December 20 trip includes nine nights and eight days package, the January 20 tour is for seven nights and eight days. \"Since the tour days in January are less than in December, the IRCTC included only Lalitgiri, Ratnagiri and Udayagiri in the itinerary,\" general manager of Odisha Tourism Development Corporation (OTDC) M R Pattnaik told TOI. \"OTDC will take care of visitors' sightseeing and arrange for their comfortable stay,\" Pattnaik said. Earlier, chief minister Naveen Patnaik had urged the Railways to extend the train till Odisha to tap the Buddhist tourism potential in the state. Even though thousands of tourists from East Asia, South-East Asia and Nepal visit Bodh Gaya in Bihar every year, the footfall in Odisha is abysmally poor. About 1,175 tourists from South Korea visited the state in 2009. A little over 3,500 visitors from Japan toured Odisha the same year. In all, 8,547 tourists from different South East Asian countries thronged the state in 2009. Extension of the train will coincide with the state government's decision to organise an international Buddhist conclave near the Lalitgiri-Ratnagiri-Udayagiri circuit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527143", "title": "Anna admitted to hospital", "text": "NEW DELHI: Social activist Anna Hazare was admitted to a private hospital in Gurgaon on Friday after he complained of weakness and nausea. Doctors said his condition is stable.Hazare was first admitted to the emergency ward and then shifted to the ICU, said sources. \"He complained of acidity, cough and weakness. We conducted tests and the initial reports are 'positive',\" said a senior doctor. He said the 75-year-old activist was kept in ICU for private reasons, not for his illness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17528155", "title": "Exhibition by Trishla Jain", "text": "A pop up exhibition titled 'Tangerine Trees and Marmalade Skies', by Trishla Jain will be on view at Sunaparanta - Goa Centre for The Arts, 63/C-8, near Lar de Estudantes, Altinho, Panaji , till December 12, between 10am and 7pm. Open all days. For details, call 0832-2421311.Free recording session for Christmas carols: Indigo Goa Grooves, a radio show that showcases local talent in a two-hour weekly broadcast every Sunday, invites parents with their children to record Christmas carols that will be broadcast on the December 23 show. For details call on 9657574480 or email at jazzgoa@yahoo.com and ask for a recording session free of cost.Velim consumers meet on Sunday: The Velim Civic and Consumer Forum (VCCF) will conduct its monthly general meeting of consumers on December 9, at 10.30am, at St Xavier's High School, Velim. Among the issues to be discussed are World Disability Day, deputy collector's visit to the village, registration and taxation of wells, LPG - its transparency, violence against women, jetties of Goa, village development, public distribution system, garbage management and special gram sabha. Various public utilities like the Goa Dairy, postal services, PWD - water, banking and BSNL will also be taken up for discussion.Youth retreat at Pilar: Pilar Animation Centre, Pilar, will organize Youth Advent Retreat on Dec 9 from 9.30am to 4pm. It includes the celebration of the Word of God, gospel music, Holy Eucharist, adoration and spiritual help. This retreat will help the young people to make a joyful preparation for Christmas and experience the peace that Jesus brings, states a press note. There will be advent retreat in Konkani from 4pm on December 15 to 4pm on December 16. For details and registration contact the Pilar Animation Centre Ph: 9922622782, 2218694, 2218553).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17530451", "title": "Kamal Haasan's Viswaroopam in controversy over DTH release", "text": "Kamal Haasan's recent collaboration with a national DTH player to release his film Viswaroopam simultaneously on DTH has had theatre owners in Tamil Nadu fuming.Viswaroopam has been ready for the last few months say sources. But Kamal's demand for an exorbitant price had distributors in second thoughts and the rumour is that noone was willing to pay such a high price. It seems the actor then decided on collaborating with a DTH operator to release the movie on DTH eight hours prior to the release of the movie in theatres. It is rumoured that the DTH operator has paid the actor about Rs 10 crore for this. Apparently, since there is encryption it is not possible to copy the film and hence piracy can be curbed.Kamal had called for a producers' meeting last week to explain this new age revolution to them. While they seemed to be receptive to the idea, theatre owners are not pleased and there's rumours they want t0 boycott the film. Their logic is that if it is released on DTH then people would not be willing to go to the theatre to watch the movie resulting in losses for them. But Kamal has told them that the DTH release will be a teaser and drive audiences to the theatre. This has not gone down with the theatre owners. Their worry is that if Kamal starts this trend other filmmakers will follow suit.The president of the theatre owners association has approached Chief Minister Jayalalitha to now sort out the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17527424", "title": "Govt sensitive towards needs of soldiers: CM", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav while extended his best wishes to the retired and serving soldiers on the occasion of Armed Forces Flag Day said that the state government is sensitive towards welfare of the soldiers. Paying homage to the soldiers who had sacrificed their lives for the nation, the chief minister appealed to the people to donate liberally in the Armed Forces Flag Day Fund for the welfare of the soldiers and their dependants.National Voter' Day: Chief electoral officer Umesh Sinha said that like previous years, this year also National Voters' Day would be organised on January 25, 2013. On this occasion, election registration officers and block level officers would be awarded for their distinguished outstanding works accomplished under voters' awareness campaign.Programme on power: A programme 'future of power' will be organised at Indira Gandhi Pratishthan auditorium on December 9 from 4.00 p.m. to 7.00 p.m. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav will inaugurate this programme, which would be attended by distinguished guests from India and abroad. Nizar Juma, a Nairobi- based businessman, who chairs more than 50 companies, will also be present in the programme.Blood donation: HDFC Bank organised a nationwide blood donation campaign on Friday. A large number of volunteers lined up to give blood at the designated centres making this India's biggest single-day donation campaign. The bank had tied up with Red Cross, major hospitals and blood banks to provide technical assistance. A large number of people, including bank executives and customers, came forward to give blood. Many of HDFC Bank's top management were among the first donors of the day.Seminar: Institute for Applied Research and Development in association with department of public administration, Lucknow University organised a national seminar on 'future of parliamentary democracy in India' on Friday. RC Tripathi, former secretary general of Rajya Sabha inaugurated the seminar. In his inaugural address, he highlighted the historical approach to review growth and development of the system of parliamentary democracy in India. He said that historical texts such as Vedas highlight the existence of democratic set-up of governance in India during the ancient period. Prof DP Singh, former member, UGC, who graced the occasion as chief guest highlighted the Indian traditions of parliamentary democracy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17527992", "title": "Leh-Ladakh stall intrigues and attracts at craft mela", "text": "NAGPUR: Nestled in a small stall at the Orange City Craft Mela is a group of four men and women dressed in attires which we usually see in calendars or travel magazines. This stall from Leh and Ladakh has made its debut at the South Central Zone Cultural Centre (SCZCC) event this year but the group is not here to take part in any folk dances.They have nothing much left to sell as the meagre amount of dry fruits and other artefacts they had brought with them have already sold off. \"We came by air and so could not carry much,\" says an apologetic Tsering Sonam Sopari, director of Northern Art and Cultural Society, Leh-Ladakh. Still, they are attracting many visitors as they sit and apply colours to the intricately carved wood pieces or thankas. The forms and shapes are symbols of Buddhism, of dragons and other shapes which are typical of these regions.The innovative and indigenous handloom is another attraction for the visitors here. \"It is a simple structure having strips of different sizes of wood that are tied around the waist of the weaver who than uses wools from yaks and sheep to weave fine pashminas,\" informs Sopari.Knitted socks, caps and gloves in dull shades of grey and brown, which are kept at the stall, are the handiwork of these members of nomadic tribes.Equally intriguing are the caps and dresses that the women are stitching together using colourful strips of cloth. \"We are making colourful dress and headgears which are used by men and women of the region,\" informs Thring Somo, one of the women who is making these items.More than any of the displayed stuff what catches the eye are the headgear of the women. Made with the support of 100 long needles and decorated with colourful cloth, gems and silver, they are topped with a bouquet of paper flowers. \"Needles are symbols of long life so the women wear it on their head. Fresh flowers are used on religious and festive occasion and are not worn when the tribe is in mourning,\" says Sopari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17528859", "title": "Power-starved industries look beyond TN to keep customers", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a desperate attempt to retain customers, manufacturers from Coimbatore, especially those in the medium-level industries, are outsourcing their orders to firms in other states so that deadlines for orders could be met. The extended power cuts in the region have crippled their ability to meet orders on time.Most of them are ruing the turn of events as they have everything from adequate workforce to raw materials and modern machinery at their disposal but no electricity to deploy them. With the crisis threatening to hit the long-term prospects of their business, industrialists are diverting work orders to alternate units in other states like Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh .\"I have got a work order from the railways but due to the outages it is very difficult to finish the order. I have no other option but to depend on firms in other states to meet the work order on time,\" said S Surulivel, former secretary of CODISSIA, and owner of a reputed unit known for manufacturing gear box components at SIDCO industrial estate in Coimbatore. Surulivel has been taking the help of a unit in Bangalore to get the products ready in time for delivery for the past three months. It costs him an additional Rs 8 lakh, but he has no other option as failure to deliver on deadline could cost him future business.\"Our units are equipped to meet the bulk demands without comprising on quality but all this requires power to operate the unit. Installing generator is not viable for foundry and casting units which require generation of extreme heat to melt the mould and then cast it as per the work order,\" said R Nagarajan, president, Coimbatore SIDCO Industrial Estate Manufacturer's Welfare Association.Unable to convince buyers, who would prefer to place their orders at alternate centres where there is no power crisis, the owners bear the transportation and logistical cost of the orders re-routed to other states. Many of the foundry owners point out that many of their customers are opting for units in Gujarat, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh.\"Most of the buyers would prefer to place their orders with units in Gujarat and other states where the unit owners offer them a better bargain. So, we are not in a position to add our extra cost to the final bill,\" said M V Loganathan, secretary, Coimbatore SIDCO Industrial Estate Manufacturer's Welfare Association.M Kanagarajan, proprietor of Suryaprakaas foundry inside SIDCO, faces a similar crisis. Despite having machinery with a total production capacity of 120 tonnes per month, Kanagarajan is unable to supply the required quantity of steel and alloy steel castings to his buyers. The machinery lies idle in the foundry due to the power cuts.\"I am now diverting orders to a unit in Hyderabad for the past few months. We cannot afford to compromise on the requirements of our buyers and the quality of products,\" he adds.There are about 250 medium and small scale units operating out of SIDCO industrial estate apart from 16 large industries that are struggling for power for the past one year. The manufacturers have forwarded suggestions like ensuring a dedicated feeder for the industrial cluster to ensure uninterrupted power supply to the units that require about 26 MW every day.\"The advantage of having a dedicated feeder is that we could then purchase power from private suppliers if TANGEDCO is unable to meet our demand. A separate dedicated feeder is required for us to purchase power from alternate sources,\" Loganathan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17526173", "title": "Malabar Hill flat sells for record Rs 28cr", "text": "MUMBAI: When in 2008, leading foreign bank Citibank put its flat on sale, actor Vinod Khanna emerged as the highest bidder with a record bid of Rs 1.20 lakh a sq ft for the 2,550 sq ft flat in Malabar Hill's IL Palazzo building. Khanna's deal didn't go through, but five years later the same flat has been sold at a difference of just about Rs 7,000 a sq ft to Rs 10,000 a sq ft.The flat finally went at between Rs 1.10-1.13 lakh per sq ft. Sources in the Worli office of the stamp duty department-where the sale deed was registered- pegged the agreement value at Rs 28 crore, about Rs 2 crore less than what Khanna would have paid. IL Palazzo residents have first preference to buy a flat if they can match the highest offer. The Khannas own an apartment in C wing of the building. The successful bidder for the recent 13th floor flat in B Wing of the 21-storey building is a diamond merchant who owns a flat in the same complex and bought this one for his son.A Citibank spokesperson refused to comment on the deal. Property analysts say not just Citibank, other multinational banks like Bank of America (BOA) and Standard Chartered are hiving off their real estate (mainly apartments) all over the country. After having sold almost a dozen properties at Andheri and Vashi in addition to two offices at Nariman Point, BOA has put its last residential duplex in IL Palazzo on the block. The 5BHK 4,200 sq ft flat is on the 12th and 13 floors in D wing and quotes a price of about Rs 35 crore.Citibank too sold more than a dozen flats in Mumbai alone. These include a flat each in Meher Apartments (Altamount Road), Kanti on Mt Mary Road in Bandra, Hormuzd off Carter Road, NCPA Apartment at Nariman Point and five apartments at Harbour Heights building, Colaba. Bishopsgate, a five-storey building co-owned by Standard Chartered and HSBC in Breach Candy, was sold for Rs 272 crore to Peninsula Land Ltd , an Ashok Piramal Group company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17527924", "title": "Ranchi University youth fest participants cry foul", "text": "RANCHI: Participants from a number of states attending youth festival at Ranchi University have complained of shabby treatment and unpleasant stay because of the alleged lack of proper arrangement by the authorities.As many as 532 participants from 16 universities from West Bengal, Uttar Pradesh, Manipur, Assam, Bihar and Jharkhand participated in the youth festival. \"Jharkhand should learn a thing or two from West Bengal insofar as playing a good host is concerned. If this is the way this state treats its guests, we will never again set our foot here,\" said Oboneeta Ghosh, a student of Kalyani University, West Bengal, who came to Ranchi to participate in the 28th East Zone Inter-University Youth Festival hosted by Ranchi University.\"The toilets were unclean and the drains were blocked, as a result of which the toilets were flooded. It was really difficult to use them,\" said Sanatomba, a student of Manipur University.The JSEB workers' strike added to the miseries of participants. Khushboo Thakur of Kalyani University, West Bengal, said, \"The power crisis was really troublesome. We did not get water even to freshen up and had to spend our night in darkness. Dinner too was served late and the quality of food was not good either.\"A professor of RU said, \"Though there was a standby generator, it was not used. The participants faced a lot of problems and it is really shameful that we cannot even offer proper hospitality to our guests.\"The problems did not end even after the strike of JSEB workers was called off. After the inaugural function was over, the hungry participants formed a queue in front of the lunch table but noticed that all the serving bowls were empty. The food was served late much after lunch time.Smita Kumari of LN Mithila University Darbhanga said, \"We arrived on Thursday morning and could not have breakfast as we have to rehearse for the programme. We were hoping that we would get proper lunch but we had to wait for almost an hour to get food.\"The reason for late serving of food was shortage of cooks. A university official said, \"There are 10-15 cooks for more than 500 participantsand it was not possible to serve food on time. The festival was planned months ago but the administration was not serious about it and as a result our guests had to suffer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17528851", "title": "Agriculture department faces 100cr tractor scam charge", "text": "Bhubaneswar: Claiming to have unearthed yet another scam involving the state agriculture department, a civil society group on Friday alleged that government officials, in connivance with tractor companies, had siphoned off over Rs 100 crore in selling subsidized tractors to farmers through the state-owned Odisha Agro Industries Corporation (OAIC).The revelation comes close on the heels of allegation of corruption in procurement of groundnut seeds, which had prompted opposition Congress to stage a walkout in the state assembly on Wednesday.Documents produced by a civil society group before the media on Friday suggest that the particular model of tractor, which was sold through the OAIC, was priced at Rs 4.82 lakh by the company. The same model is available in the market at a price of Rs 3.62 lakh. Since the government gives subsidy of Rs 90,000 per tractor, farmers paid Rs 3.92 lakh. Had the tractors been sold at the market price, with government subsidy, farmers could have bought them at Rs 2.72 lakh. Besides, the state exchequer paid for the subsidy amount, which did not reach the farmers.\"We suspect the tractor companies inflated the price by a whopping Rs 1.20 lakh per tractor and shared the amount with state officials,\" said Nishikant Mishra, who blown the lid off the \"scam\". Over 8,200 tractors and 3,928 power tillers were sold through OAIC since 2004, resulting in bungling of over Rs 100 crore, he added.Newspaper advertisements by tractor selling companies showed that they had offered additional gift items such as LCD TV, refrigerator and other farm implements along with tractors to non-agro customers only.\"Since poor farmers can't get loan if they directly approach the banks, they come through the OAIC even if the prices are higher. Many farmers may not be knowing the market price altogether,\" Mishra said.OAIC officials said since the rate was fixed by the government, they had limited role in the transactions. \"The rate list is provided by the state agriculture department. We only work as a medium to facilitate the subsidy amount to the farmers. We don't have any say in the pricing,\" OAIC managing director Subrat Mishra told TOI. The OAIC MD, however, said if tractor companies were discriminating between agro and non-agro customers, these would be blacklisted.Director, agriculture and food production, R S Gopalan, who fixed the price of subsidized tractors, said there was no irregularity. \"I don't think there are any irregularities. However, we will verify if tractor companies were quoting a higher price to the government. In that case, action will be taken against such companies,\" Gopalan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17528757", "title": "Congress benefits from tussle between UP rivals", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress is benefitting from the anxiety of SP and BSP to stall each other from becoming indispensable for UPA. The FDI vote provided yet another evidence that the bitter UP rivals share a surprise consensus to stay with Congress, triggering speculation on what guides the phenomenon. But insiders in the two camps say they have to ape the rival to stop Congress from being forced to pick one of them as friend. \"The party labeled as enemy will suffer,\" a Samajwadi leader said.At play is the cut-throat politics of the heartland that has Congress as the inadvertent beneficiary. The Samajwadi ranks lament they cannot bring down the UPA government but are chastened by the experience of UPA-1 from doing anything harsh. \"We were forced to back them without returns. And when they needed us (nuclear deal) and we obliged, it was too late to extract a price,\" a leader said.SP would prefer to trigger early elections, apprehensive of anti-incumbency setting in when Lok Sabha polls are scheduled in 2014. It was hopeful when Trinamool Congress exited UPA in September but found the numbers not adding up. Mayawati, who is loath to go into polls now, along with the Left bloc, stood in the way.The Samajwadis realize that pulling out of UPA to appease the \"trading community\" over FDI is a minor gain when compared to the consequence that it would make Mayawati critical for Congress and increase her bargaining power with the Centre. It can have a serious fallout in the 'SP vs BSP' battle in UP. If BSP chose to vote for the government in Rajya Sabha, up from abstention in Lok Sabha, sources said it wanted to undercut SP's growing clout with Congress. \"Mayawati knew Samajwadis could at best abstain,\" a leader said.The \"secular\" brownie points by being seen as hostile to BJP and neutralizing the \"fear of CBI\" are secondary gains of what is essentially a gambit to check the political rival.Congress has been benefiting from the compulsions of UP politics for three years now. The Samajwadis are learnt to be disturbed at being upstaged by the wily dalit czarina, who scored important political points from her stance on FDI, but are hamstrung by the political realities to demand that Congress choose between them. It could only check their clout further in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531223", "title": "Samantha denies lip-lock scene", "text": "Samantha and Nani are starring in the upcoming romantic entertainer, written and directed by Gautham Menon . A poster of Samantha and Nani almost having a lip-lock has been circulating on the internet and reports are suggesting of a possible kiss scene in the movie.Samantha is currently shooting for her Telugu flick Seethamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Chettu opposite Mahesh Babu in Pune and she rubbishes the reports of a kissing scene in the movie with Nani in the Telugu version or with Jiiva in Tamil.Samantha tweeted last night \"'U' certificate... No cuts... So happy... So can the rumours pls stop.. No kissing scenes.. Lol.. Thanku\"Neethaane En Ponvasantham is a youthful romantic entertainer, which is also simultaneously made in Telugu as Yeto Vellipoyindi Manasu . Samantha plays the female lead in both the versions while Jiiva and Nani play the male lead in Tamil and Telugu respectively.' Neethane En Ponvasantham ' has been cleared by the Censor Board with a clean U certificate and would hit the screens on 14th December as expected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17528097", "title": "Pawar's supporters welcome his return", "text": "PUNE: Supporters of Ajit Pawar in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad celebrated his return to the state cabinet as deputy chief minister on Friday.Pawar had resigned from the Democratic Front government two months ago over charges of involvement in the multi-crore irrigation scam.\"The state government has published a white paper on irrigation. Now, it is proved that Ajit Pawar and Sunil Tatkare, who have led the irrigation department, are not guilty in any way. We welcome his return to the cabinet,\" said NCP spokesperson Ankush Kakade. NCP workers hope that Pawar will retain his earlier post as Pune's guardian minister.\"He enjoys the support of majority of MLAs in the NCP. In a recent meeting of party MLAs in Mumbai we resolved to work hard so that the NCP emerges the single-largest party in the assembly elections. We want him as chief minister of the state,\" said an MLA. Leaders and corporators supporting Supriya Sule in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad, however, kept mum on the development.The National Alliance of People's Movement (NAPM), which had organized the Jal Niyojan Panchayat - an irrigation review conference in Pune - has denounced Pawar's return to the cabinet. The NAPM had earlier predicted that the white paper could be a 'whitewash' and Pawar would return to power once the white paper is tabled by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17527984", "title": "Railway touts hunt for safer havens after RPF crackdown", "text": "SURAT: With Railway Protection Force (RFP) cracking down on touts and agents operating at passenger reservation system (PRS) counters at the railway station here, the touts and agents seems to have shifted their operations to Udhna, Uttran and Kosamba railway stations.While the new rule stipulates that no authorized agents, including the Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation ( IRCTC) agents are allowed to book tatkal tickets from 10 am to 12 noon from the counters as well as on the internet, some touts and agents were able to operate out of Surat railway station for a couple of months.Official sources said RFP started an operation recently to curb illegal activities at the PRS counters. More than 15 touts and agents have been arrested during this period on the charges of black-marketing of tickets and indulging in illegal activities.\"We have been largely successful in removing the touts and agents who seemd to be dominating the PRS counters. Now they have shifted their focus to PRS counters outside the city at Udhna, Uttran and Kosamba,\" police inspector, RPF, Gracious Fernandes said.According to Fernandes, all the PRS centres in the city are under the close watch of RFP officials. The checking exercise is conducted on a daily basis, especially during the morning hours when the passengers queue up for tatkal ticket reservation.A textile businessman Rakesh Mehra, who travels to New Delhi twice a week, said, \"It was a real problem of touts at the railway station. The touts would gang up and dominate the queues and the ordinary passengers would not get the chance to book their tatkal tickets. Now, things have changed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17529147", "title": "Accused had conducted recce of Naina's house", "text": "JAIPUR: Deputy commissioner of police (south) Don K Jose told TOI that Nitansh came to know about the recent profits earned by Naina's maternal grandfather Rajendra Sain through property business. \"Nitansh was aware that Rajendra was capable of paying at least Rs 50 lakh. Naina was fond of Nitansh,\" said Joseph.So, when Nitansh and Gaurav asked the girl to come for a bike ride on November 28, she agreed at once. \"Before executing the crime, the duo had conducted a recee and studied the girl's routine for three to four days. On November 28, Nitansh and Gaurav came to her house on a bike and scooty respectively . She got on Nitansh's bike following which they left for their destination where they planned to dump the girl's body after killing her,\" said the officer .The girl was first taken to Katewa Nagar and served pani patashi. They then reached Sanganer through Gujjar Ki Thadi. \"However, they feared that Naina might identify them in case they freed her after extracting the ransom as she could easily identify or inform the police about Nitansh's involvement . The duo got scared and planned to kill her immediately. They bought a litre of petrol from a pump and proceeded towards Bagaru. On the way, they strangulated her with a rope that they had bought from Sanganer . They then dumped her body in a sack and drenched it in petrol and set it ablaze. Later, they dumped it into the well. The well water doused the flames,\" said the officer.A dispute between Gaurav and Nitansh took place when the former accused his friend of not doing much after the kidnap and murder.\"Nitansh then made Gaurav call her maternal grandfather Rajendra Sain with a SIM card procured on the basis of fake identification on December 3 demanding Rs 50 lakh. Rajendra informed the police following which a technical investigation was launched. Meanwhile, the body was recovered . We had some concrete clues against them and took the killers into custody. Soon after their arrest on Friday, Gaurav and Nitansh gave in and confessed ,\" said the officer.He added that Nitansh and Gaurav stayed put at their houses in Swej Farm and Sanganer respectively. \"We have some eye-witnesses who had seen the girl with the duo. We would file a chargesheet in 10 days keeping in view the seriousness and brutality involved in the crime and try to expedite the trial,\" DCP Jose said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17527941", "title": "CBI finds cash, property details in searches on rly officials", "text": "NAGPUR: The sleuths of anti-corruption wing of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) have recovered substantial cash and details of investment in property during searches at the homes and offices of senior railway officials caught taking a bribe on Thursday. The officials have been remanded to custody till December 10 by a court.The CBI officials have reportedly found cash Rs7 lakh at the residence of senior divisional engineer, Central Railway, GS Yadav apart from property related documents. It is learnt that Yadav, caught while accepting a bribe of Rs3.53 lakh, also owns properties at Gurgaon, New Delhi. Searches were also conducted at his office chamber.It is learnt that Yadav was demanding 1% of the total bill amount of Rs3.53 crore as bribe from contractor Ritesh Surana. The contractor had bagged a contract for supplying ballast and also loading it into railway hoppers at Hinganghat depot.As per a reliable source, the CBI squad found cash Rs2.86 lakh from the residence of Central Railway's office superintendent Mohammed Muzemmil, alias Shakil, who was nabbed taking a bribe of Rs1 lakh from Surana. The CBI sleuths also searched Muzemmil's residence at Nelson Square and came across documents showing that he owned a couple of apartments at Byramji Town and another at Mumbai.Muzemmil also owned tippers and a crusher. According to a source, Muzemmil had around 150 gm gold on his person when he was trapped. His office was also being searched. It is learnt that CBI officials have seized some documents during a search at his cabin.The search at the residence of another Central Railway officer, superintendent Kumar Sanjay, at Ambazari Layout did not yield much. CBI officials collected some documents related to the case from his office, a source said.The daylong searches were conducted by senior officials of CBI under superintendent of police Sandeep Tamgadge at various places.Defense counsel Prakash Naidu said the CBI had sought the custody of the three on the grounds of questioning them about the discoveries during the searches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17527760", "title": "Mukhiya donates salary for dalit kids", "text": "Daltonganj: A mukhiya in Palamu's Parta panchayat which was infamous for feudalism and inter-caste animosity four decades ago, has undergone a sea change now.has taken up the responsibility to provide education to the children of dalit families. The story of Saraswati Bigha tola of Parta panchayat in Hussainabad subdivision is a case in point.None of the children of the 15 to 20 dalits families ever go to school as there is none in the area. Some have grown aduslt and remained unlettered. Parta panchayat mukhiya Gupteshwar Pandey, who is a Brahmin, however has now taken up the responsibility. \"I have decided to donate my monthly honorarium of Rs 1,000, which the government gives me, towards the education of the dalit families and I will engage a dalit bahu (daughter-in-law) of this tola to teach these children.\" Pandey told TOI. The mukhiya has selected Sarita Devi, the wife of Ravindra Ram for this work. Sarita is a matriculate and is eager to teach. tnnAsked where the dalit children be taught, the mukhiya said at present classes would be held in the open field later a place near an abandoned subhealth centre would be earmarked for it. The mukhiya has also promised to arrange books for the dalit children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17526834", "title": "State government stands vindicated", "text": "PATNA: Even as the Patna high court's decision to quash the appointment of six vice-chancellors and four pro-VCs of different universities in the state has vindicated the stand of the state government on the process of their appointment, academics are still sceptical about the merit and integrity of new incumbents.Both CM Nitish Kumar and education minister P K Shahi have welcomed the high court judgment and maintained that the appointment of VCs and pro-VCs must be made as per the process provided in the state universities' Act. \"The judgment is neither a victory of the government nor the defeat of the chancellor. It is only about adoption of constitutional provisions,\" said Shahi.Both the chancellor as well as the VCs and pro-VCs whose appointments have been quashed are likely to move the Supreme Court against the judgment. No notification regarding removal of existing VCs and pro-VCs and making an alternate arrangement could be issued by the Raj Bhavan as the chancellor is out of station.Welcoming the high court judgment, Federation of University Teachers' Associations of Bihar (Futab) working president Kanhaiya Bahadur Sinha said whatever be the result of the judgment, the universities must not be allowed to be destabilized due to further litigation. Formulation of annual budgets, conduct of students' union elections and payment of salaries to the university staff would be adversely affected. Suitable alternative arrangement must be made at the earliest, he said. Sinha pointed out that ad hoc arrangement has already affected the working and progress of the institutions of higher education and also led to financial irregularities in some universities. A thorough inquiry should also be made into the conduct of all the existing VCs, he added.Former general secretary of Patna University Teachers' Association (Puta), Randhir Kumar Singh said only competent academics of known integrity should be appointed as VCs and pro-VCs to ensure satisfactory functioning of universities and colleges.The new incumbents must command the respect of teachers and students by their conduct and behaviour, he added. NSUI leader Barun Sharma also hailed the high court judgment and demanded appointment of only qualified people as new VCs and pro-VCs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17526774", "title": "Officials review law and order ahead of President visit", "text": "VARANASI: In view of the arrival of Indian President Pranab Mukherjee, the President of Nepal and various other VIPs in the city this month, divisional commissioner CK Tiwari and DIG A Satish Ganesh held a meeting on Friday to discuss law and order preparations. Tiwari directed the police officials to keep a check on crime in the city and take prompt action against criminals.Meanwhile, Tiwari emphasised action towards illegal encroachments at public places and the city's water bodies. He directed the district magistrates of all the four districts of the division to carry out special anti-encroachment drives.Taking strict note of the false report against the physical verification of encroached ponds of Ghazipur and Jaunpur districts, he said strict action will also be taken against officers who will prepare false reports about the condition of ponds and other water bodies. He said that physical verification of the ponds will only be given to CDM and CO, and no official of lower rank will perform this task. He also directed photographic documentation of water bodies before and after the anti-encroachment drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17526139", "title": "Delhi look to garner full points", "text": "BANGALORE: Two teams who have thus far played well below potential in the tournament, face off at the Chinnaswamy Stadium here from Saturday. Comparatively, hosts Karnataka, placed at the very bottom of Group B, are worse off while visitors Delhi, with 11 points from five games so far, as against Karnataka's five from four, find themselves in the middle of the table halfway through the league this year.A turnaround in fortunes is what both teams are hoping for, with Karnataka opting to approach the match as if it was their first match of the season. They even had a session with a behavioural science expert in their desperation to come good. But the proof of the pudding lies in the eating and in this case it is the batting that will have to come to the party if the team has to stay in the competition.To help the batsmen on-field, following the mind-training off it, the pitch, which was hard and green on Friday morning has been given a slight shave with some of the grass taken off. The indifferent form of most the host batsmen as also the potency of the Delhi attack, which may be spearheaded by a possibly fit-again Ashish Nehra , led to the obvious move to provide a 50-50 wicket rather than say a 70-30 pitch in favour of the bowlers, which could have led to a definite outright result as it was in the last game here against Odisha.The hosts lost that game chiefly due to bad batting and so a couple of changes are to be made to the batting line-up with young KL Rahul set to play instead of axed opener KB Pawan. Left-hander Amit Verma could be left out and the in-form (in the local leagues) Kunal Kapoor handed a debut. Another significant change could be Robin Uthappa going back to his earlier ways of 'see the ball, hit the ball' in place of the newly adopted overly defensive approach, all in the team's interest as revealed by batting coach J Arun Kumar. That Uthappa is still the side's second highest run-getter just goes to show how poorly the batsmen have fared in general, this despite chasing down over 500 against Tamil Nadu.Karnataka's bowling too is set for one change with Abhimanyu Mithun , who was out for two games with a hamstring problem, back in the fray.The bounce that the pitch is expected to offer should suit his style of bowling.First up against Mithun will be Unmukt Chand , touted as one of India's most promising talents. The World Cup winning India U-19 skipper, has 330 runs to his credit thus far in the season and it is his decent form as also that of veteran Mithun Manhas (500 runs @ 83.33), Delhi's go-to man along with allrounder Rajat Bhatia , that has helped the side stay afloat.Two losses, including one against unfancied Haryana, haven't helped the cause though and the statistic was not lost on skipper Shikar Dhawan, who readily admitted that his side, like Karnataka, were not in a great position and had to make a fresh start from hereon.With a good set of pace bowlers in his armoury, Dhawan gave every indication that Delhi would go in without a token spinner. The trio of Sumit Narwal, Parvinder Awana and Pawan Suyol (a left-armer) have picked up as many as 46 wickets between them and should Nehra join them (Pradeep Sangwan too is in the mix), the potency will only increase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17527300", "title": "Four killed in accident near Tilakwada village", "text": "VADODARA: Four persons were killed and over a dozen injured when the jeep they were travelling in met with an accident on Friday morning on Vadodara-Dabhoi Road. The accident occurred near Tilakwada village and some of the victims fell in the ravines of river Orsang as they got flung out of the pick up van. The injured were admitted to SSG Hospital.According to police, those travelling in the van were residents of Mora village in Tilakwada. They were all cooks and were returning from a marriage function in Dabhoi taluka. The accident occurred at about 4 am when driver of the van Ishwar Rajpurohit lost control over the vehicle. The vehicle rammed into the bridge railing and over turned. All the four victims died on the spot.The police said the driver must have dozed off and lost control over the vehicle. The deceased have been identified as Laxman Vasava (45), Ambalal Vasava (45), Ramesh Vasava (35) and Induben Vasava (34).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17527181", "title": "Jundal retracts confessional statement", "text": "MUMBAI: LeT operative Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal, alleged to be one of the key handlers of 26/11 terrorists, retracted his confessional statement in the case on Friday.Jundal, who is currently lodged in Tihar jail for a terror-related case in Delhi, told this to a special Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA) court in Mumbai via video conferencing. The court was hearing the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case in which Jundal is alleged to be one of the main conspirators.The accused also told the court that his name was Zabihuddin Ansari and not Abu Jundal. While retracting his statement, Jundal said it was obtained under duress and he was falsely implicated in the case.As Jundal did not have legal representation, advocate Ejaz Naqvi appeared on his behalf. Naqvi will now file a 'vakalatnama' in the case which will be sent to Jundal in Tihar jail to sign. The hearing was adjourned to December 15.Special public prosecutor Ujjawal Nikam said, \"The prosecution will now have to prove that the confession was not taken under duress and the retraction was an afterthought.\"Jundal had given the confession statement before a magistrate amidst tight security in August. In his statement Jundal said to have given a deep insight into Pakistan-based Lashker-e-Taiba terror group's role in the 2008 Mumbai strikes. The confession statement was part of the supplementary chargesheet filed in the case.Meanwhile, the Jamiat-e-Ulama (Maharashtra), a socio-religious organization, has refused to provide legal aide to Jundal in the Aurangabad arms haul case, saying it does not help anyone with a previous criminal record. The other 21 accused in this case, all in jail, are being represented by Jamiat in the MCOCA court. Jamiat is currently providing legal help to over 300 Muslim youths arrested in 34 terror-related cases across the country.Jamiat's secretary (legal cell) Gulzar Azmi said Jundal's mother Rehana and his maternal uncle had approached the organization for legal aid to defend him in the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case. \"His family had sent an application seeking legal aid in the arms haul case. We have rejected the application and will not defend him,\" said Azmi.\"We do not provide legal assistance to anyone with a criminal background. We offered legal aid to Faheem Ansari and Sabauddin in the 26/11 case as we felt they were innocent. The court acquitted them and the Supreme Court upheld the decision. Our legal team is not convinced of Jundal's innocence. Hence we decided to reject his appeal,\" Azmi said.Jundal is facing at least four terror related cases in Maharashtra including the 2010 German Bakery bomb blast and the conspiracy to attack Nashik police academy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17528537", "title": "Dharwad to get fire station by March", "text": "HUBLI: A full-fledged fire station will come up in Dharwad by March next year, which was a long felt-need of the people of the region.The glaring absence of a full-fledged fire station in Dharwad came in for discussion again in the wake of fire accident at the supermarket which gutted 40 shops. Local leaders raised the issue that has been pending for several years.IF Badbade, regional fire officer, Hubli, told TOI that the Rs 4 crore fire station will come up near the APMC. Construction work is going on at a good pace under the North Karnataka Urban Infrastructure Development Programme and work will finish by the end of February. It will have four fire tender vehicles, a water lorry, a water boozer, and mist-technology based vehicle. It will have 45 employees including a district fire officer. It will have a static water tank of 50,000 liters capacity. The department has also made an alternative arrangement in Dharwad DC compound. The Water Board has also sanctioned four hydrant points for the fire department.The fire station will help Dharwad and surrounding places including Belur industrial area, wherein fire tenders can reach the spot within the shortest period. Currently for Dharwad and other surrounding places, fire tenders are sent from the fire station at Amargol in Hubli.A lot of damage can be averted if fire tenders reach on time, said Mahesh Babar, resident of Gandhichowk in Dharwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17527455", "title": "12.12.12 fever grips Lucknow, mad rush for child birth", "text": "LUCKNOW: The special date of 12.12.12 has caught the fancy of Lucknowites, as such a unique date will now occur only after a century. A number of parents have chosen this date for deliveries as a special first birthday gift for their kids. Similarly, in order to create a landmark in their life, many couples in the city have decided to tie the knot on this day, despite the fact that there is no Mahurat (auspicious time) for the said date.This trend started at the turn of the millennium with parents and couples choosing such a sequence of numbers as birth or wedding dates. But this time, it is more special because such a sequence will now occur on January 1, 2101. It's also easy for would-be mothers to choose the delivery dates, because most of the babies born to the mothers would be caesarean.Most of the hospitals and private nursing homes are already booked for 12.12.12 with would-be mothers choosing the unique date to deliver their babies. KGMU's obstetrics and gynaecology department and Queen Mary Hospital have seven deliveries lined up on that day. Gynaecologist Dr Nilam Vinay has been approached by many parents for deliveries on that day. \"If a mother wishes to deliver her child on a fancy date, we are fulfilling it only when both mother and child are safe. If a woman has completed at least 38 weeks of pregnancy, only then we are giving a green signal.\" Dr Madhu Gupta, senior member of UP Federation of Obstetrics and Gynaecology has about two deliveries lined up on that day. She said, \"Due to hype and hoopla around December 12, I have been swamped with requests of deliveries on that day. Even I had to turn down the request of some parents, as the mother was not ready for the delivery.\"Pooja Singh, a PhD student, chose this date for delivery because it sounded good and no one will forget the birthday of her baby. \"As I have to undergo a caesarean delivery, my gynaecologist asked me to choose a date between December 11 and 17. My husband and i zeroed in on December 12,\" she said.Similarly, as per city-based wedding planers, nearly 200 weddings will take place on December 12 in Lucknow. But according to astrologers in the city, there is no Mahurat (auspicious time) for marriage. Pandit Ashok Kumar Gaur alias Mangaloo Padha said, \"As per the Vedic Shastra, Amavasya (new moon day) will start after 5.00 p.m. on December 12 and hence getting married without the presence of moon is not at all auspicious. The Mahurat is till December 11 and then on 14 and 15.\"Darpan Lakhmani, a businessman who will be tying the knot with her fiancee, Kalpana on that day said, \"Earlier we had decided some other day for the marriage, but then shifted it to 12.12.12. We thought that wedding is once in a lifetime event. So, let's make it more memorable.\" Kamal Sachdeva, a caterer and event planner said some people who believe in the Mahurat are either getting engaged or hosting their reception on December 12.For December 12, mayor Dinesh Sharma has received 28 marriage invitation cards. He is worried as everyone has requested him to offer his blessings to the newly-wedded couple. Sharma said, \"In this wedding season, I have been returning home at around 2am. I thought with no Mahurat on December 12, it will be a relaxed day for me, but it turned out to be busier than other days.\" He added that he will be wishing some couples in the morning and others at their wedding ceremony. He will send a congratulatory and sorry message to those couples who would be left out.However, numerologist Malti Khanna said, \"The number 12 and 12.12.12 add up to three and nine respectively, which are lucky. Even the number two in the date could mean better companionship.\" Seconding her opinion, astrologers in the city said that the troika of 12-12-12 would be auspicious for those going for purchasing land or property, planning to set up educational institutions or starting a new venture. Because the sum of all three digits is 3, which denotes Jupiter, a planet associated with 'dhan' (finance), knowledge and wisdom. But the date would not benefit newborns and newly wedded couples due to Amavasya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17527153", "title": "Fate of ring road project hangs in balance", "text": "Jaipur: Despite the number of accidents involving heavy vehicles increasing manifold in the city, the fate of the ring road project proposed to connect three cities and divert the heavy traffic continues to hang in balance.As the deadlock between the state government and farmers continues over the issue of land, the city continues to suffer from traffic woes. According to the Ring Road Sangrash Samiti, the project was proposed by the state government without availability of funds and the JDA wants to grab their land to fill its own coffers.Documents provided by the samiti said options for feasibility of the project is only possible after acquiring the access land. \"In the construction of the ring road, the availability of funds is a major issue with the JDA. The recovery of the expenditure to be incurred on the project will be compensated only by way of selling of the commercial land planned within the strip of 90-metre-wide corridor on the either side of the road,\" read the documents.Talks between the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) and the Ring Road Sangrash Samiti failed many times in the recent past as the farmers are not pleased with the proposal presented by the state government. \"In recent meeting, the JDA has claimed it will spend around Rs 2,275 crore to construct the development corridor and the amount of profit earned from sale of the acquired land will be around Rs 1,500 crore and the authority has to bear nearly Rs 700 crore. However, JDA is now claiming that it will bear a loss of Rs 1,500 crore. Also, we have the map of 47-km ring road to study the plotting system as the officials are misguiding the farmers with figures,\" a member of the Ring Road Sangrash Samiti said.JDA has already started acquiring land for construction of the 47-km-long ring road (phase I and II) to connect Ajmer, Tonk and Agra. The project consists of a six-lane access control expressway, a three-lane service road and an investors' development corridor. However, as farmers are protesting taking possession of the acquired land, it remains a challenge for the authority to start work.\"Farmers continue to support the construction of ring road on 90 meters, but that the state government is adamant to construct on 360 meters for their own benefit,\" the samiti's secretary Virendra Katewa said.Meanwhile, the JDA officials remain tightlipped over the issue. Under the project, JDA has proposed a 90-metre-wide transport corridor and 135-wide development corridors on both sides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17529356", "title": "Friday passes off peacefully in Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: Barring stray incidents of violence , the city remained peaceful following the afternoon prayers on Friday. Police continued the elaborate bandobust they had made for the Babri Mosque demolition anniversary on the second consecutive day as intelligence inputs suggested possible violence in the Old City following the Friday afternoon prayers.Despite heavy police presence on the roads from Madina to Shah Ali Banda, there were no traffic restrictions in place till 12.30 pm. The traffic was diverted through alternate routes only after the beginning of the afternoon prayers. The entire area around Charminar and the nearby worship places were completely cordoned off.Devotees were allowed to enter Mecca Mosque from the Charminar side but were not permitted to return after the prayers in the same route. To avoid any kind of trouble at the worship place abutting Charminar, police put up barricades separating the mosque from Charminar and placed barbed wires to stop the mob.As they were asked to return home via Moghulpura and Lad Bazaar, some devotees were agitated and began shouting slogans against the police. Some angry protesters hurled stones at the police and media personnel standing at Nizamia Tibbi Unani Hospital but luckily no one suffered any injuries.The retreating mob pelted stones at a Volkswagen Polo (AP 11 AL 6489) vehicle at Motigally located behind Mecca Masjid and damaged its windshields. Immediately after the incident, the driver of the car abandoned the vehicle and fled. Later on, it was found that the vehicle belongs to Ram Reddy, a businessman from Secunderabad , who had come to Lad Bazaar for shopping . He lodged a complaint with the police in the evening.In other incidents, police resorted to mild lathi-charge to disperse the mob at Moghulpura , but no one suffered any injuries in the incident .Several senior police officials visited the Old City on Friday afternoon but the presence of two officers among them was significant. Counter Intelligence Cell chief B Srinivasulu monitored the situation from Nizamia Tibbi hospital for over an hour and left the place only after the situation became completely normal. Later, IG (L&O;) J Purnachandar Rao also visited the spot for the second consecutive day, albeit briefly.The atmosphere in other communally sensitive areas like Karwan, Begum Bazaar, Madannapet , Musheerabad and Saidabad remained totally peaceful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527218", "title": "Dowry suicide accused let off", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man accused of harassing his wife for dowry and driving her to commit suicide has been acquitted by a trial court which said she took the drastic step out of depression as her baby was diagnosed with thalassaemia.Additional sessions judge Rakesh Kumar acquitted Udipta Shankar Dass who submitted his wife Mumita had been depressed her mother had died of thalassaemia major the gene of which she passed on to her month-old son. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17529373", "title": "Madhya Pradesh Public Service Commission uploads revised answers", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh Public Service Commission (MPPSC) on Friday uploaded revised version of answer keys for the examination of taxation assistant officer. Bonus marks were given on 20 different questions and answers of 10 different questions of different papers were uploaded on the site. As per the rule, MPPSC uploads answer keys of examination before declaring its result and call for objections. This time, MPPSC received 20 objections for different subjects papers and 10 objections for general studies paper. Following that, on Friday, MPPSC uploaded the revised version of answer keys.MPPSC accepted that 13 questions of different subjects papers were wrong and seven question of general studies paper were wrong. Now, students will get bonus marks on these questions. Similarly, it has corrected answer of eight questions of different subject papers and two questions of general studies paper. Result of the examination will be declared soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17527799", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcPolice guards often exceed their brief for personal gain\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: The alleged involvement of a police bodyguard in the abduction of a financial advisor and his wife has once again raised the issue of cop security for individuals and the possibility of misuse of power.Senior police officials have expressed reservations about the practice of providing bodyguards to all and sundry. For, many individuals are known to use the guards to show off their clout or even use them in unlawful activities.In the Versova case, builder Milind Nikharje, his bodyguard and an aide allegedly kidnapped Siddharth Mehta and his wife late on Tuesday over a loan dispute. They also threatened Mehta with a revolver and assaulted him. The Versova cops are currently questioning the police guard, who was assigned to Nikharje after the latter reportedly got threats from the underworld, to ascertain his role in the incident.Earlier, too, several alleged cases of politicians, builders and others misusing their police bodyguards had been reported to the cops. However, the police could not withdraw the security in most cases as the persons concerned faced a life threat or were influential.A senior official said the bodyguards often exceeded their brief to impress the individuals they had been assigned to for personal gain. The police, on their part, try to change the guards at regular intervals to ensure that their loyalty remains with the force. Senior officials said the trend was worrying, but admitted that the errant cops were usually shielded as nobody wanted them to lose their job.After any incident of alleged misuse of power by a police guard, the cops usually send a standard report seeking departmental action against the person for getting involved in illegal activities. There are times when a bodyguard's proximity to a VIP shields him from departmental action.Last year, fashion designer Riyaz Gangji accused parliamentarian Nilesh Rane and his police bodyguards of assaulting him after his car overtook the MP's convoy in Juhu. Before that, a prominent builder\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwho enjoys police security\u00e2\u20ac\u201dand his bodyguards allegedly attacked bouncers at a five-star hotel's discotheque in Santa Cruz (E). The case against him was later quashed in court.Businessman Sudhakar Shetty\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwho used to run Deepa dance bar\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwas given police protection as he faced a threat to his life from the underworld. When he went out for his morning walk one day, Shetty's bodyguard allegedly manhandled another walker who came in their way. The protection branch of the police withdrew Shetty's bodyguard, only to provide him with security a couple of days later owing to the threat he faced. A few days later, shooters killed two of Shetty's employees in Amboli.When the developer went to the financial advisor for a Rs 11-crore loan, the latter agreed to arrange the money. He, however, asked for Rs 1.5 crore as advance interest.Nikharje paid the sum, but reportedly did not get the promised loan. He kept making enquiries with Mehta and also asked him to return the advance interest. When the advisor allegedly kept avoiding him, he decided to kidnap Mehta. The developer asked Mehta to meet him near a restaurant in Versova to settle the dispute. Accordingly, Mehta reached the spot late on Tuesday evening. He was accompanied by his wife.The two parties had an argument before Nikharje, his bodyguard and aide Sajjad Aaga allegedly threatened the couple with a revolver. They also forced the Mehtas into a car and took them to Nikharje's office in Amboli.The trio then allegedly assaulted Mehta and threatened to kill him. They allowed his wife to leave after a while but detained Mehta in the office for the night. On Wednesday morning, the accused warned Mehta to return the money or face the consequences. They then let him go.A senior officer said, \"We have booked Nikharje and his aide in the kidnapping case. We are also verifying the role of the police bodyguard. He is helping us get a clear picture of what exactly happened there.\" An officer said it appeared that the guard did not perform his duty as he should have protested against Nikharje's actions. The police were also inquiring if the guard's weapon was used to threaten Mehta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17526345", "title": "Ajit Pawar holds sway after re-induction", "text": "MUMBAI: Controversial NCP leader Ajit Pawar has emerged more powerful than his uncle, Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar, as well as chief minister Prithviraj Chavan after his re-induction into the state cabinet. Ajit reportedly told Chavan that if he was not re-inducted before the legislature's winter session, which begins on December 10, it would not be smooth sailing for the CM. His re-induction also sends a signal to the senior Pawar, the NCP chief, that Ajit holds the state reins of the party.Ajit quit the cabinet on September 25 on moral grounds in the wake of charges of corruption, irregularities, the granting of unauthorized mobilization advances to contractors and unprecedented cost escalations in irrigation projects in Vidarbha. Ajit said he would return after getting a clean chit. He took the drastic step due to differences with Sharad Pawar and his daughter Supriya Sule .Though Sharad Pawar had refuted reports of differences with Ajit, a senior NCP minister said there was a vertical split in the NCP because of the continuations of controversial cabinet members Chhagan Bhujbal and Sunil Tatkare. Bhujbal was accused of being involved in irregularities in the construction of Maharashtra Sadan in Delhi, while Tatkare was accused of corruption in the allotment of contracts for irrigation projects in the Konkan. The Ajit camp suggested that Bhujbal quit on moral grounds, while the rival faction felt Tatkare should quit.Due to a lack of unanimity, Ajit resigned. Meanwhile, there were two key developments. Chavan expedited the proposal for a white paper on irrigation and Sharad Pawar began concentrating on state issues. Whether it was a dispute over Lavasa, law and order in Naxal-infested areas or the agitation by sugarcane growers, Sharad Pawar met with Chavan. Ajit was left out of decision-making.Reportedly, Ajit then began concentrating on the white paper so he could ensure his clean chit. The paper is silent on corruption, substandard work and advances. \"The white paper was for, by and of Ajit Pawar. It was a foregone conclusion that he would get a clean chit,\" a senior NCP minister said.Ajit then called on Chavan to get re-inducted. \"Some Congress and NCP leaders said the CM consult Sharad Pawar first. Ajit thwarted these attempts and told Chavan that he must be inducted before the winter session,\" the minister said. The opposition is expected to raise several issues, including irrigation projects, during the session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17526879", "title": "FIR filed against BKU farmers", "text": "GHAZIABAD: An FIR has been filed against Bharatiya Kisan Union (BKU) farmers upon a complaint from the Wave Group for hampering collection of toll on the Masuri-Dasna highway during their month-long agitation, which led to losses of several lakhs of rupees to the state exchequer. The farmers' outfit has now threatened to intensify their agitation if the FIR is not withdrawn and the UP chief minister fails to give them a satisfactory response to their demands.Deputy SP Ranvijay said the complaint was filed at Masuri police station against the agitating farmers. \"The FIR has been registered against 13 farmers, including BKU Meerut zone head Rajvir Singh. At least 60 other unnamed farmers have also been booked under Sections 147 (rioting), 148 (rioting, armed with deadly weapons), 149 (every member of assembly guilty of offence committed in prosecution of common object), 283 (danger or obstruction in public way or line of navigation), 341 (punishment for wrongful restraint) of the IPC and the Criminal Law (Amendment) Act. No one has been arrested yet,\" Ranvijay said.The BKU was sent a notice by Ghaziabad administration on Thursday claiming that their agitation at Dasna has cost the government more than Rs 15 lakh. The notice has also given them a week to respond as to why they shouldn't compensate the state for these losses. Farmers, however, have remained unmoved and said that they will continue their protest and vowed to make Uttar Pradesh a toll-free state.The notice reads, \"It is a punishable offence to protest and strike at a public place without giving prior notice.\" When asked if BKU does not pay damages then what action would be taken, Ghaziabad district magistrate Aparna Upadhyay said the government will start the recovery process.\"We are fighting against corruption. Our basic demand is to bring audit reports of the toll operator in public. Instead of favouring the farmers who are unearthing scams, the SP government has started building pressure on us,\" said Rakesh Tikait of BKU. \"After our meeting with the chief minister on December 13 if our demands are not met, we will resume our agitation across the state,\" Tikait added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17528196", "title": "KSIDC support for private boat service", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala State Industrial Development Corporation (KSIDC) will provide funds if private entrepreneurs come forward to launch passenger boat services anywhere in the state, according to Tom Jose, managing director of KSIDC.\"There is no law or rule currently in vogue in the state which bans private entities from operating passenger boat services. But I don't see many private players coming forward to operate passenger boat services,\" Tom Jose said, addressing a session at the Infrastructure Conference here on Friday.Jose, who was the former MD of Kochi Metro Rail Ltd ( KMRL), said Kochi and Thiruvananthapuram were two Kerala cities that could provide seamless integration between multiple modes of transport on a single ticket. The Union urban development ministry is working out the modalities for introducing such a unified travel card across different modes of transport. It was planning to introduce the scheme in some select cities on a pilot basis, he said. In Kochi, the integration between road, Metro rail, and water transport would be possible at Vytilla and Edappally. The extension of Metro up to the airport would mean integration with air travel as well, Jose said.In Thiruvanathapuram, the introduction of monorail and the presence of Parvathi Puthanar canal, which stretches up to the airport, would provide enough room for developing such an integrated transport system, he said. There should be common parking and waiting facilities at the point where transition from one mode to the other takes place, he suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17528245", "title": "Minimum temperature 0 at 6 degrees Celsius above normal", "text": "PUNE: The minimum temperature as well as the maximum temperature remained appreciably above normal in the city on Friday. At 17.7 degrees Celsius, the minimum temperature was 6.3 degrees Celsius above normal, while the maximum temperature at 32.9 degrees Celsius, was 4.1 degrees Celsius above normal for the day.\"The possibility of such above normal temperature pattern during December always exists, but the temperatures are usually not known to go as high as 6 degrees Celsius above normal,\" said Medha Khole, deputy director general for weather forecasting at the India Meteorological Department here. \"The prevailing weather conditions indicate a gradual decline in the temperatures over the next two to three days,\" she said.The IMD has forecast the night temperature to go down to 16 degrees Celsius on Saturday and further to 15 degrees Celsius on Sunday . Partly cloudy sky condition would prevail during the two days. On the other hand, the maximum temperature will remain around 33 to 32 degrees Celsius.Khole said, \"For the last few days, there has been an enhanced amplitude of the easterly waves that caused greater moisture incursion from the Bay of Bengal into parts of Maharashtra. This also led to cloudiness and enhanced humidity, taking the temperatures up. The easterly waves ensured that the northerly winds, which are associated with cold conditions, remained confined to the northern region of the country and could not penetrate the central and peninsular India, including Maharashtra.\"\"As a cumulative effect of all this, the temperatures have gone up by 2 to 3 degrees Celsius above normal in most parts of Maharashtra,\" she said. In some cases, the night temperature has been 5 to 6 degrees Celsius above normal.Khole said, \"The temperatures will start falling in the next two to three days in a gradual manner due to the reduced influence of the trough that prevailed over the Bay of Bengal and another trough that has moved away from the Arabian Sea. The maximum as well as minimum temperatures are expected to be around the normal mark in the next four to five days. There is no further possibility of the easterly waves getting stronger in the next one week.\"Meanwhile, Malegaon in central Maharashtra belt recorded the state's lowest minimum temperature at 12 degrees Celsius. However, the night temperature in Nashik was recorded at 18 degrees Celsius, which is 7.2 degrees Celsius above normal, while the same in Jalgaon was 16.8 degrees Celsius, up by 4.5 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17527756", "title": "Long wait for victims even after case is cracked", "text": "Every three months, the grievance hall at the police commissioner's office resembles a jewellery showroom.Senior police officers invite reporters and display jewellery recovered from burglars and chain snatchers. As the flash bulbs go off, officers hand over ornaments to the owners, but take them back as soon as the photographers leave.A senior police officer said, \"We do take back the property because, technically speaking, it is court property. We hold the media conference to prove that the stolen goods have been recovered.\" The delay in returning valuables puts many people to hardship. After one such conference, an elderly woman burst into tears when the police took back her jewellery.She was inconsolable as she had invested her savings in it. As per a recent Supreme Court order, people whose jewellery is stolen can get it back from the court while the case is pending by filing a 'return of property' application through a lawyer. \"Earlier, the property was kept in court custody till the accused was convicted,\" a police inspector said.In 2007, Chennai police arrested 'bureau puller' S Nagamani. They registered 78 cases against him. He specialised in pulling cupboards towards windows and stealing valuables. They recovered more than 750 sovereigns of gold jewellery. Five years later, many of his victims are yet to get their property back.Victims allege that police often return gold of less value or impure gold. Twelve sovereigns of gold jewellery were stolen from iron merchant Mohammad Jaffer's house in Pudupet a few years ago. \"Police gave me a slab of gold and said my jewellery had been melted by the burglars. When I took the slab to a goldsmith, I found that it was only 16 carat gold. My jewellery was made of 22 carat gold.\"In a few cases, inspectors strike a deal with the victims and ask them to inflate the value of the property in the complaint and the inspector gets a share from the victim on recovery. While recovering stolen property, usually from pawnbrokers, police seize more gold jewellery and pocket the difference, allege victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "17530221", "title": "Royal hoax DJs taken off air amid anger over death of 'Indian-origin' nurse", "text": "SYDNEY: Two Australian radio presenters who made a hoax call to the hospital treating Prince William's pregnant wife Catherine have been taken off the air after the nurse who took the call apparently killed herself.Jacintha Saldanha, said to be of Indian-origin, answered the phone when presenters from Sydney's 2Day FM called pretending to be Queen Elizabeth II and William's father Prince Charles, before passing it onto a colleague who divulged details of Kate's condition.Saldanha was found dead on Friday, with police saying her death was not being treated as suspicious. Her employers, London's private King Edward VII hospital, refused to comment on media reports that she had taken her own life.The radio station said on Saturday the presenters, Mel Greig and Michael Christian, \"are both deeply shocked\" over news of the death.The station and the hosts \"have decided that they will not return to their radio show until further notice out of respect for what can only be described as a tragedy\", 2Day FM and its owners Southern Cross Austereo said in a statement.\"We extend our deepest sympathies to her family and all that have been affected by this situation around the world,\" it said in the statement.Soon after news of the death broke, the radio station's Facebook page was bombarded with thousands of comments, many attacking the presenters and calling for them to be sacked.\"Not so darn funny now is it? A British nurse is DEAD for the sake of a couple of cheap laughs. Shame on you!\" wrote Kim Wilson .More than 11,400 comments had hit the 2Day FM page by noon Saturday, some saying Greig and Christian had blood on their hands and calling angrily for them to be dismissed.\"Hope you get your comeuppance and are looking long and hard at your actions and their consequences. Hope you're both sacked and spend a very long long time looking for work,\" wrote Alastair Drake Hardwick.For some the incident had echoes of Prince William's mother Diana, Princess of Wales , who died in a car crash in Paris in 1997 while being pursued by paparazzi.\"One would think... the death of Princess Diana would have taught the media a lesson about invasion of privacy of the royal family, but I guess not,\" said one commenter posting as Lora LB.The news prompted wide coverage in Australia, where the prank initially divided the public, with some seeing it as \"a bit of harmless fun\" and others saying a line had been crossed and everyone had a right to privacy.Australia's Prime Minister Julia Gillard said the death was a terrible tragedy.But there was also support for the presenters, with Jeff Kennett , chairman of the national depression initiative Beyondblue, saying the pair had not intended to cause harm and he hoped the public would support them.Greig and Christian apologised after an uproar in Britain over the hoax but the station initially milked the publicity as the \"biggest royal prank ever\".It has now removed the link to the hoax from its website and the presenters' Twitter accounts have been suspended.The radio station has been in the public eye in the past, notably in 2009 when two other presenters ran a segment in which a 14-year-old girl was given a lie detector test in which she revealed she had been raped.Communications minister Stephen Conroy said the Australian Communications and Media Authority had received complaints about the hoax call and the regulator would now decide whether to investigate for any breach of codes of practice.(With inputs from AFP)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17530923", "title": "Remo, Prabhudheva set for face-off!", "text": "Choreographers Remo D'Souza and Prabhudheva, who have worked together for upcoming 3D movie \" ABCD - AnyBody Can Dance\", will treat their fans to a dance face-off at a forthcoming awards function.They will perform in front of a live audience with the theme as 'Rich dancers versus Poor dancers' at the BIG Star Entertainment Awards.They are also planning a free fall during their performance, said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17528758", "title": "Telecom employee held for cheating", "text": "Visakhapatnam: The first additional special judge for CBI cases at Visakhapatnam, R Sudhakar Naidu, on Friday sentenced Kodrepu Gnana Sundara Rao, section supervisor operator (SSO) cum data entry operator in the telecom revenue accounts section of Srikakulam telecom GM office, to one year's rigourous imprisonment and a fine of Rs 3,000 for abusing his official position by cheating and causing wrongful loss to state-run telecom company BSNL.The crime came to light in 2001 when accounts officer GVSR Mohan received an oral complaint about short billing of STD public telephone booth (PT) connections causing revenue loss to BSNL. After verifying the opening meter reading (OMR) and closed meter reading ( CMR), he found that the data was tampered by altering the figures already entered in the computer systems.About 25 STD PT booths of various exchanges in Srikakulam district were found to have been served with reduced bill amounts, causing a loss of about Rs 3.56 lakh to BSNL. In the course of investigation, it was revealed that data entry operator Sundara Rao had reduced bills of the PT booths owners in exchange for money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17526824", "title": "Student bodies for PUSU election on schedule", "text": "PATNA: Even as the clouds of uncertainty have started hovering over the conduct of Patna University Students' Union (PUSU) elections scheduled for December 11 following the Patna high court judgment quashing the appointment of vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh and pro-VC J P Singh, campaigning for the elections was in full swing on Friday. The representatives of almost all the student organizations contesting the elections were in favour of elections being held as scheduled.RJD supremo Lalu Prasad's son Tej Pratap was seen canvassing for the candidates sponsored by Chhatra RJD. BJP MLA Arun Kumar Sinha's son, Ashish Sinha, a student of Patna Law College, is also contesting the election from Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad panel. The leaders of NSUI, All India Students' Association (AISA), Chhatra JD-U were also seen campaigning for their candidates.It is interesting to note that the maximum number of contestants for five key offices of the union are from Patna Law College. As many as 12 students of this college are contesting for different posts. Patna College has fielded nine candidates, whereas Magadh Mahila College has got seven contestants.The election in charge and presiding officers of different colleges and faculties were briefed about the procedure of polling and counting of votes at a meeting held here on Friday.Patna University students' welfare dean K N Paswan, PU election committee chairman U K Sinha and chief returning officer Amarendra Mishra gave details of the polling process and informed them that the ballot papers would be signed by the polling officers and, after the end of polling, each ballot box would be sealed in the presence of candidates' authorized representatives and polling personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17529267", "title": "Jet Airways starts flights to Dubai from Jan 3", "text": "MANGALORE: Jet Airways will start its inaugural Mangalore-Dubai flight on January 3 next year, breaking a six-year-long monopoly of Air India Express in the Middle East sector. The inaugural flight coincides with the month-long 18th edition of Dubai Shopping Festival which also starts on the same date.India's second largest airline, Jet Airways, will offer eight business class and 162 economy class seats to start with. The flight (9W532) will depart from Mangalore at 8pm and arrive in Dubai at 10.30pm. The corresponding flight (9W531) will depart from Dubai at 11.30pm and reach Mangalore the next day at 4.30am.Globe Travels MD William D'Souza said there was a flurry of activity and already there were 300 bookings, including business class, on various days starting with the inaugural flight. The cheapest return fare works out to Rs 19,712, including taxes, and the business class fares are more than double at Rs 49,000, including taxes.Bajpe airport director GT Radhakrishna said the flight will arrive at 4.30am on four days and 3.30am on three days of the week. Sources in Jet said the exact flight details will be released on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17526552", "title": "Head Start tops Bangalore's pre-schools", "text": "BANGALORE: Wondering which pre-school is best for your tot? Going by the EducationWorld India pre-school rankings 2012, Head Start Montessori in Koramangala has been voted number one in Bangalore.Neev in Indiranagar, Indus Early Learning Centre in Whitefield, First Steps on Cunningham Crescent road ranked second, third and fourth in the EW India rankings from Bangalore. This ranking was done for six cities in the country-Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad and Bangalore for 128 selected pre-schools.The Magic Years in Vasant Vihar, Delhi, Kangaroo Kids in Bandra, Mumbai, Euro Kids in Salt Lake , Kolkata, Vael's Billabong-High-Kangaroo Kids in Neelankari, Chennai, and Indus Early Learning Centre in Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad, are ranked the most admired pre-schools in these cities.Kolkata's Euro Kids and Bangalore's Head Start Monstessori have remained at the top in the city rankings for the second consecutive year in the EW India charts. These schools have to undergo the assessment process of the EW India pre-school rankings. Over 100 field researchers of market research agency C Fore (Centre for Forecasting and Research) quizzed 2,284 respondents, including parents and at least one child in each pre-school, teachers and principals, asking them to rate the 128 schools.The research was based on 10 parameters like educational quality, teachers' competence, teacher welfare and development, safety and hygiene, leadership, innovative teaching, value for money, parental involvement, individual attention to students, special needs education and infrastructure.The top 10 schools in the six cities will be felicitated on January 19, at the third Early Childhood Education Global Conference 2013 in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17527020", "title": "17 more child labourers rescued", "text": "JAIPUR: Seventeen children aged between 10 and 14 years found working at a metal bangle manufacturing unit in Bhatta Basti area were rescued on Thursday evening. Police said the employer was arrested.Sunil Choudhary had brought the children from their villages in Bihar and was keeping them against their will. The children were found to be living in inhuman conditions and forced to work for almost 15 hours a day.Police got a tip-off that children had been employed in the unit run by Choudhary in Sanjay Nagar Bhatta Basti. A police team found the children working near furnaces used in preparing bangles.\"The children were rescued and sent to a shelter home. Their parents have been informed,\" said ASI Pema Ram, who is probing the case.The police then took Choudhary into custody who hails from Bihar. \"During interrogation, he told us that he had brought the children from their villages in Bihar. It seems that the children's parents were lured into sending them with a promise of good wages,\" the officer said.Earlier, on Tuesday, police rescued six children working in another bangle manufacturing unit in Purana Vidhyadhar Nagar area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17530996", "title": "Regal chicken, premium meal at Nando's", "text": "It's the latest offering from the Nando's kitchen and probably the most unique one. That there is many a devout fan out here and everywhere, all over the world is proof enough of Nando's immense popularity.It's very famous flame-grilled Peri-Peri chicken remains an all time eye-catching dish. Like a charm, Nando's has periodically rolled out success stories out of very exotic dishes it has served up keeping things exciting and adventurous for everyone.But to get a real taste of adventure you have to set your teeth into Nando's latest, the premium Butterfly Chicken Breast meal. It is already touted to be quite the talk of the town and is sure to beat all when it comes to making you feel grand and ultra special. If every other Nando's meal has been quick to get your attention, then this one also promises to hold senses in pure bliss. Basted in your choice of Peri-Peri and flame-grilled, this distinctive double-breasted cut is served with Crispy Wedges, Side Salad and Rosa Fresca designer drink.Wait till you get a taste of this regality...Venue: Nando's, SCO- 339 &amp; 340, Sector- 35 B, Chandigarh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17526406", "title": "High demand for Manipur green tea in global markets", "text": "IMPHAL: The Cymbopogon Citratus tea, commonly known as CC tea, has now become a global attraction as traders from Europe, UAE and the US are demanding the green tea just 15 months after its launch in the state market..The Imphal-based SuiGeneris Inc launched its caffeine-free, high nutrition content tea in the state market on August 21 last year, said entrepreneur Ragesh Keisham, who is also the chairman and managing director of the firm.\"With the demand rate of CC tea increasing day by day, we are currently marketing 30,000 packets, containing 200 grams granule each. 10% of these go outside the state,\" Ragesh said.\"Though there is a hogh demand for CC Tea in the global markets,we will first extend our market base in Manipur and then the nation before exporting it to other countries,\" said Ragesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17528675", "title": "Who moved corporation's file on ten-storey building?", "text": "MANGALORE: A file relating to construction of a high-rise building in the city is 'missing' from the Town Planning Department of the Mangalore City Corporation (MCC).Taking cognizance of the case, the State Information Commission (SIC) has directed MCC commissioner to initiate an inquiry.The issue of the 'missing file' was brought to light when RTI activist K Prakash Bhat filed an application seeking information regarding office notes maintained in the file related to construction of the 10-storeyed high-rise building in the city. Town planning officer (TPO) D Balakrishne Gowda in his reply told Prakash that the files have not been traced.Prakash told The Times of India that he was forced to approach the SIC as the documents sought under RTI was not issued to him.\"The TPO informed me that the files have not been traced. However, the File Movement Register entry states that the file indicated in the RTI application was sent to assistant TPO Dilip Gadiyal in 2008 and the TPO also confirms this,\" Prakash said.\"It is a serious case that an important file is missing from a government office. Hence, action should be taken against the accused,\" he added.After hearing the parties, state information commissioner MR Pujar directed MCC commissioner K Harish Kumar to initiate an inquiry.\"The commissioner may initiate suitable departmental action against the concerned relating to non-availability of the said file,\" Pujar added.MCC commissioner Harish said that inquiry has begun. \"We have received the order from the SIC, which directs an inquiry. We have already initiated the inquiry and will hold meeting in this regard on Monday or Tuesday,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457823", "title": "Wary Palghar youths go off social media sites", "text": "MUMBAI: Youngsters in Palghar have taken a break from Facebook and other social networking sites fearing hacking and misinterpretation of their comments.Two weeks after Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Srinivasan were arrested for a comment on the shutdown of Mumbai after Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's death, the student community in Palghar is treading with extreme caution. Rinu, who had deactivated her account soon after the controversy broke out on November 18, is now back on Facebook. While she has been receiving several friend requests from across the country, not many are from Palghar.Said Dinesh Sankhe, a second-year commerce student from Palghar, \"I have decided to stay off Facebook till the controversy settles down. Right now, it looks like accounts in Palghar are being hacked.\"Sunil Vishwakarma, the teenager who was accused of posting abusive comments about Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) leader Raj Thackeray a week after the Shaheen-Rinu controversy, has stopped using the social networking site since November 19. It was found that his account was hacked. Vishwakarma has since deactivated his account.Youngsters have also been deleting their photographs, fearing misuse. \"I have removed all my pictures from Facebook. My profile picture, too, has been replaced with an abstract,\" said class 12 student Sneha Pandey.The first thing Shakeel did after his sister Shaheen was arrested for her comment was to remove all her photographs. The account was later deleted. Shakeel, too, has been off his account for a while. Ironically, just a week before the controversy broke, all cyber cafes in Palghar had to shut down. The police have asked cyber cafe owners to submit their fire audit reports.Meanwhile, Thane's Shiv Sena MLA Pratap Sarnaik has demanded withdrawal of the suspension of the two police officers-superintendent of police (Thane rural) Rajendra Sengaonkar and Palghar inspector Shrikant Pingle-before the Nagpur session of the state assembly begins on December 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17526887", "title": "5-yr-old boy falls into borewell, dies", "text": "HYDERABAD: A five-year-old boy died after he accidently fell into a 20-feet deep borewell in Pallemkunta village of Karimnagar district on Friday.K Ajith slipped into the open borewell in an agriculture field in Malhar area, about 75 kms from the district headquarters, said G Udaykumar Reddy, deputy superintendent of police of Gadavarikhani.Police and revenue officials rushed to the spot and started rescue operations but could not save the boy as the borewell was filled with water, he said. The body of the victim was later fished out, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17531799", "title": "Menatally ill man rams bus into shops and another vehicle", "text": "CHENNAI: People waiting at the Thiruvottiyur bus terminus at 1am on Saturday were stunned to see a man jump into the driver's seat of a parked MTC bus and rams it into shops and a parked cab. Later it turned out that the 45-year-old 'driver' was a mentally ill man. Police are yet to establish his identity, though MTC employees and shopkeepers in the locality said he had been roaming the area for about two months. \"We don't know yet how he started the bus,\" a police officer said.The MTC bus (TN 01 N 9814) was parked at the terminus after the driver retired for the day. Eyewitnesses told police that they saw a man getting behind the wheel and starting the vehicle. He drove for about 300 metres before ramming the bus into two shops and a call taxi parked on the roadside. There were only a few people at the terminus, and no one was injured. When MTC employees got into the crashed bus, they found this man in the driver seat, apparently with no reaction, police said. MTC employees handed the man over to police. An eyewitness told the investigation officers that the bus was parked diagonal to the shops facing the exit of the bus terminus.\"The bus started with a jerk and moved fast. It hit a mobile recharge shop, then a kiosk and later a taxi parked on the road side,\" police quoted the eyewitness as saying. One side of the car was damaged and the two shops came down in the impact.Based on a complaint from the kiosk owner Umapathy, 35, of Vedhachalam Avenue in Thiruvottiyur, police have filed a case. After preliminary inquiries, police suspect that the safety switch was not locked, so the man simply pressed the 'start' button near the steering wheel and the engine came to life.\"We are probing whether the MTC driver or someone else had made a shortcut connection of wires,\" the officer added. The man has been detained at the Thiruvottiyur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17528105", "title": "'Accused not hardened criminals'", "text": "PUNE: Giving reasons for inflicting lesser punishment on the accused, special judge S P Tavade observed that his murder was not brutal or barbaric. He also stated in his judgment that the prosecution did not bring on record any evidence to prove that either of the accused had criminal records.Tavade said, \"The accused are not hardened criminals and were not convicted in the past. It has been rightly submitted before me that Valya may become Valmiki and the accused should also be given a chance of reformation and rehabilitation by awarding minimum sentence for the charge of murder\".On aggravating and mitigating circumstances of the accused, Tavade held, \"The accused are young in age and they come from middle class and lower strata of the society. The accused abducted Sagar for money and accused Nitin Modha had taken help of a gangster from abroad to extract money from the victim's parents\".However, he did describe the accused as having a heart of steel and having the audacity to murder Sagar taking advantage of his familiarity with Jitendra Modha and Nitin Modha. He noted in his judgment that the accused did not show any compassion for the young age of the victim and the hands of assailant Prasad Shetty did not tremble once while slitting Sagar's throat three times.In his 241-page ruling, Tavade said that Narayan Jameria was also party to the plan engineered for collecting ransom. \"But after some days, he started repenting and he gave a confessional statement to the magistrate. He had later asked for a pardon.\" According to the judge, \"Jameria exhibited his repentance and I believe that repentance is indeed a virtue when you stand before the almighty and swear in his name and try to ease your heavy heart which was not the way that god created humans. Our mythology talks of washing sins and believes it is possible. In my opinion, repentance is the best form to cleanse your soul which Jameria has done after he was given a tender of pardon.\"The judgment found substance in the prosecution's case because there was no animosity between the victim's family and the accused. The judge also found the evidence of witnesses also reliable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "guatemala city", "code": "17530214", "title": "McAfee stable, awaiting deportation in murder probe", "text": "GUATEMALA CITY: US anti-virus software pioneer John McAfee is in stable condition after complaining of heart trouble and is awaiting deportation to Belize for questioning over his neighbour's murder, an official said.McAfee received proper medical treatment after the apparent heart scare on Thursday and was released after doctors determined he was suffering from anxiety and high blood pressure , said migration director Freddy Viana.Viana said his department is waiting for a court to rule on last minute appeals by McAfee's lawyers to prevent his deportation to Belize. In the meantime, he is staying at a government hostel.In Belize, McAfee's neighbour on the palm-fringed island of Ambergris Caye, was discovered dead on November 11. The 52-year-old Florida expat, Gregory Faull, was found by his housekeeper with a 9-mm bullet in his head, lying in a pool of his own blood.Authorities in Belize want to question McAfee, although he has not been charged.McAfee had slipped across the border into Guatemala over the weekend with his 20-year-old girlfriend to request asylum, but the petition was turned down.McAfee, 67, insists he had nothing to do with the killing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17527118", "title": "Tiruvallur woman falls sick after she cooks, eats 'snake'", "text": "CHENNAI: A 47-year-old woman, who believed she ate parts of a snake by mistake, was admitted to the Government General Hospital on Friday morning.Mangammal of Pallipattu in Tiruvallur district was cooking in her thatched house on Tuesday night when it was raining and there was a power cut. Later, she sat on the floor and began eating. Her daughter Deviki, 19, and her two sons were out.As Mangammal finished eating, the power returned. Deviki, who had returned by then, saw a thin, black reptile on her mother's plate. \"It was the size of my palm and torn into pieces,\" she said. Then Mangammal began frothing at the mouth. \"It was 15 minutes after her meal. Soon she fainted,\" Deviki said.Mangammal was rushed to the nearby Primary Health Centre (PHC). The specimen on the plate was also taken along. At the PHC, \"doctors said it was a baby cobra,\" said Deviki. Mangammal was given an injection and referred to the Tiruttani Government Hospital. On Thursday, she was referred to the GH, Chennai. Mangammal said her stomach was swollen and some parts of her body had turned numb. \"I had chest pain too,\" she said. \"I can't taste anything and my head feels heavy.\"GH doctors said it was unlikely that the woman ate a snake. Even if she did, it is impossible for her to get poisoned, they said. \"She seems to think she bit into tiny bones. A snake has no bones and its body isn't poisonous,\" said a doctor. \"The family said something fell into the vessel when she was cooking. It could be any reptile.\"The family members were asked to bring the remaining parts of the snake found on the plate, if they still have it.Toxic experts say a person eating a dead snake is unlikely to get poisoned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17527991", "title": "A colourful beginning", "text": "After a week's lull, the SCZCC premises throbbed with drumbeats and music as the folk dance festival commenced on Friday. On the open air stage at Muktangan, which now has a backdrop of huts of Bhils from Madhya Pradesh and Warli tribe of Maharashtra, folk artistes from seven states performed to an audience that just couldn't get enough of this cultural treat.Performers from W Bengal, Tamil Nadu, Goa, Jharkhand , Sikkim , Manipur and Nagaland , who were in colourful attires and attractive headgears, presented folk dances from their respective states.BAUL ( WEST BENGAL )Spiritual in its tone and content, the Baul dance of Bengal is extremely popular for its religious bent. Its slow rhythm to the strains of ektara and beats of dubki is what draw people to it. The songs also are about the short span of worldly existence and speak of religious tolerance and universal brotherhood.\"Bauls where given a lot of respect by Rabindranath Tagore who considered them to be a representative of the almighty. The bauls are actually sannyasis in the mould of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu. We have presented the popular ekla chalo song.\"- Ravi Prasad BaulOYILATTAM (TAMIL NADU)This 5000-year-old dance has been recently revived by its patrons. It is performed by men standing in rows. The intricate backward and forward steps of the dancers, who are dressed in very brightly coloured costumes, makes this dance unique.\"The dances are based on mythological stories. Devdhundhani are the special drums which are used in this form. We are using three of them to get the effect and the mood. We will be presenting dances which are based on Lord Shiva.\"- V GaneshanGHODE MODENI (GOA)A dance form typical of the Bicholim and Parnem regions of Goa, Ghode Modeni showcases the successful exploits of the Goan warriors. The ghungurus on their feet match the beats of dhol and taasha as they sway and turn.\"This dance is performed during the Singhmahotsav which falls during the month of March. The unique thing about this dance is that each performer ties a frame of a horse to his waist while dancing to give an effect of a warrior riding a horse.\"- Suresh GaudaKARMA NRITYA (JHARKHAND)A style evolved by the Oraon tribals of Jharkhand, this is a sacred dance devoted to the deities and is supposed to bring good luck to the performers. Jungles are deeply twined with the lives of the tribals and so they perform this dance by moving around a Kadamb tree. High pitched sounds of folk instruments create the tempo.\"My troupe has portrayed the worship of goddess during Navratri. It depicts the celebrations and worship of these nine days, the ritual of feeding people after the puja and the immersion of the goddess in the river.\"- Ramadhar NaikGHANTU (SIKKIM)Traditional and colourful costumes are the highlight of this dance form. This ancient folk dance is patronized by the Gurung community of Sikkim. Young girls in the age group of 16 to 18 years perform this dance which essentially connotes a form of celebration.\"In our performance we have shown the recovery of a queen from a prolonged illness which is being celebrated by young girls. The rhythmic music and soft flow of movements provide an ethereal feel to this form.\"- BK Gurung.LAI-HARAOBA (MANIPUR)This is a festival of Manipur which is also celebrated through this lucid dance form. This comprehensive and ancient dance is performed between the spring and rainy season and is essentially based upon the mythological tales of Radha and Krishna. Elaborately designed costumes add colour to the presentation.\"It is the steps in this dance which give grace to the performer. The dance is a depiction of love so it's the young boys and girls who perform it. It is very traditional and gives a glimpse of our state's culture through the costumes and jewellery.\"- S KunjbihariROINA (NAGALAND)This dance form imitates animals and birds. The costumes and energy both make it outstanding. Young boys and girls dress up as the creature being depicted and move to the sounds of drums and songs related to the dance.\"We chose the skylark for our performance as it is a very graceful bird and makes flowing up and down movements. These are easy to replicate on stage. Besides, it gives a sense of freedom and joy even to those who are watching it. The costumes which include feathered headgears add vibrancy to the presentation.\"- Akang", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527083", "title": "Health check: Sheila Dikshit to \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcrest over weekend\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ten days after she underwent an angioplasty procedure, Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit visited Fortis Escorts Heart Institute on Friday for what her doctors described as routine check-up. Her visit, however, triggered speculation about her health which were scotched by the CM's office.\"She is likely to be on rest over the weekend which will be followed by a Vidhan Sabha session,\" said a senior official. He said that the 74-year-old leader resumed her official work three days after undergoing angioplasty and she even visited Gujarat for election campaign.\"The chief minister came to the hospital in the afternoon for a routine check-up. After that, she went back home\" said Dr Ashok Seth, her personal doctor and head of the cardiac sciences department at Fortis Escorts Heart Institute. He denied speculation about Dikshit having been admitted to the hospital.Dikshit has a history of heart problem and she has undergone angioplasty twice for blocked arteries. In 2001, she underwent a bypass procedure also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17526576", "title": "'Literature helps become better citizen'", "text": "Dr Gyan Chaturvedi and Pankaj Rag, commissioner, archaeology visited Army Public School, Bhopal as guest speaker for the literary club activity recently. Dr Chaturvedi addressed the students and informed them about the importance of literature on one's life. \"Literature helps in developing the insight and understanding of life and to become a better citizen,\" he said. Pankaj Rag on the other hand answered questions asked by the students. In his answers he informed the students on how to manage time for profession and hobby both. Brig P S Rana, chairman, Army Public School asked the students to search answer for relaxation. \"That is the mantra for nurturing one's hobby,\" he said. He also read his poem on 'Kashmir'. Seema Dwivedi, principal, APS, thanked the eminent guests for sparing their valuable time for the students. She hoped that the students would benefit from the lecture.Seminar: Under medical awareness campaign, a seminar on 'prevention of diseases through clapping' was organized at Vikram and Jawaharlal Nehru School under the banner of BHEL Siksha Mandal. Students from classes XI and XII and officials of BHEL Siksha Mandal participated in large numbers in the event. Arun Rishi from Ayushman Bhav Trust, Ujjain, presiding over the seminar threw light on the secrets of healthy living and delivered lecture on diverse management areas like self-management, house management and etiquettes. The same programme was organized at BHEL cultural hall in the day. S S Gupta, executive director, BHEL, Bhopal, was present as the chief guest on the occasion. Girish Shrivastava, general manager, HR, and G Prakash, AGM, HRDC, were also present. B R Bansod, senior manager, HRDC, coordinated the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "keshod (junagadh) /godsambha (surat)", "code": "17527970", "title": "From fishermen to farmers, Sonia woos all", "text": "Keshod (Junagadh) /Godsambha (Surat): Even as she launched a frontal attack on Narendra Modi government, UPA chief Sonia Gandhi was careful not to utter his name anywhere.On the eve of her visit to Gujarat, Modi had ridiculed Congress leaders saying they were taking pains since 10 days to draft her speech to ensure that she does not utter anything that would upset their electoral prospects. Modi had latched on to Sonia's \"Maut ka Saudagar\" remark in the 2007 polls, which he described as an insult to Gujarat.She, however, took digs at Modi for often evoking Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel's name. \"This is a land of Mahatma Gandhi and Sardar Patel, who used to preach what they practised. Now, there are people who give big advice but not follow them,\" she said.Indicating wide-spread corruption in Gujarat, Sonia said that the Centre has provided crores of funds to the state but there is no trace of the money now and where it was used.\"I know all of you are fed up with this corrupt government,\" she said addressing a rally in Godsambha.As many as 50,000 people, mainly from eight constituencies like Olpad, Kamrej, Mandvi, Mangrol, Mahua, Bardoli, Vyara and Nizar, waited for nearly two hours for Sonia's address.Sonia also raised farmers' issue in Keshod rally, which was attended by large number of agriculturists from the region.\"Here farmers don't get electricity. But to earn hefty profits, the government is selling electricity to other states. This is nothing but discrimination against farmers,\" she said in Keshod.She scoffed at BJP for promising 50 lakh houses to counter Congress' \"Ghar nu Ghar\" scheme. \"Why did you not built them for so many years?\" she asked.The UP chief also promised a \"revolutionary change\" in Gujarat, if Congress was voted to power and assured that the party will work with full honesty to fulfill all the promises made in the election manifesto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17530424", "title": "Keira Knightley wont be seen in 'Fifty Shades of Grey'", "text": "Keira Knightley has revealed that she won't be playing Anastasia Steele in the 'Fifty Shades of Grey' adaptation after her not-so-pleasant experience filming 'A Dangerous Method'.The 27-year-old actress asserted that she will \"definitely\" not be a part of the screen adaptation of E.L. James' erotic novel, which details S 'n' M-crazed billionaire Christian Grey's relationship with young student Anastasia Steele.\"No, it's not. It's not going to be 'Fifty Shades of Grey.' You know, I normally don't like to give a definite about anything, [but] I can definitely say it will not be 'Fifty Shades of Grey',\" Contactmusic quoted Knightley as saying, when asked whether her next film project would be a more risque literary adaptation than she has done in the past.The 'Jack Ryan' star said that she won't be stripping off on screen any more, especially after playing sexually confused patient Sabrina Spielrein in David Cronenberg's historial drama about the advent of psychoanalysis- which saw Keira being spanked by therapist Carl Jung ( Michael Fassbender ).The beauty further revealed that she is too embarrassed to even pick up 'Fifty Shades'.\"I can't imagine why [I would want to]! Um, I haven't even read it yet, actually. I mean, just from [what I've heard], friends who've gotten into it, and I've gone, 'No'. I did 'A Dangerous Method'. That had a bit of all that in it. I don't think I need to do it again,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17527116", "title": "Realtor shot at by rival in Maduravoyal dead", "text": "CHENNAI: Realtor L Manikumar, who was shot at in Maduravoyal on October 9, died at a private city hospital on Friday morning.Police said D Antony, 36, who had been arrested on charges of trying to murder Manikumar and lodged in prison, would be re-arrested on murder charges. Antony told police he shot at Manikumar due to personal enmity. The two were natives of neighbouring villages in Tirunelveli district, police said.Manikumar allegedly cheated a few villagers of Manappadu near Kulasekarapatinam in Tirunelveli and a group of village heads forced him to return the money, Antony said. Manikumar suspected that he (Antony) was behind this.Later, police said, the two came to Chennai. Antony, who stayed near where some of Manikumar's friends lived, suspected that Manikumar was plotting against him. On October 9, Antony saw Manikumar waiting on the road near his house for more than an hour and asked him why he was there. This led to a quarrel and Antony pulled out a country-made gun and opened fire. Manikumar took a bullet in the abdomen and collapsed. Antony fled.Antony, who was earlier involved in the murder of a Devar Peravai leader in Egmore in 2001, produced and played the lead role in the Tamil movie 'Yathi,' police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17531751", "title": "Sonia crossed a number of road-blocks 'tactfully', Karunanidhi says", "text": "CHENNAI: Holding that UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi had crossed a number of road-blocks \"tactfully\", DMK president M Karunanidhi on Saturday said the \"nation looks up\" to her to provide a secular and stable government at the Centre.\"As chairperson of the UPA, you have been crossing a number of road-blocks tactfully and facing many hurdles successfully... the nation looks up to you only, at this critical phase, to provide a secular and stable Government at the Centre,\" he said in his birthday greetings to the leader, who turns 67 on Sunday.\"Despite certain impediments\", he said, the achievements of the Congress-led UPA government, in which his party is a key constituent, \"have been quite impressive.\"\"The poor and middle classes of people of this country certainly realise your abiding interest in their livelihood and welfare,\" he said, and wished her a very long life of happiness and good health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17527938", "title": "Culture confluence at carnival", "text": "RANCHI: Folk dance of Assam, Bihu, Khamb Thoibi or sword fighting of Manipur, Ravindra Sangeet from West Bengal and Maithili songs of Bihar became head turners at the inaugural programme of the 28th East Zone Inter-university Youth Festival on Friday.Various culture came under one roof as 532 participants from 16 universities of eastern India participated in the four-day-long festival hosted by Ranchi University. RU students enthralled the audience with a dance on Vande Mataram which was choreographed by Vipul Nayak. Jhumar dance of Jharkhand and Bharatnatyam by students of Nirmala College also received applauds from the delegates.Welcoming the delegates, Ranchi University vice-chancellor L N Bhagat said, \"We thank all the participants to oblige us with their presence. They had to face many problems because of lack of electricity and water but I am thankful for their cooperation.\"Human resource development minister Baidyanath Ram, the chief guest of the occasion, said the events were important for the overall growth of the students. He said, \"Quality education is a very popular word nowadays but it does not mean only academic excellence. It means overall development of students and youth festivals like this play a very important role. It provides a platform for the students to display their talent and also encourages team work.\"This youth festival will also help students understand and respect the cultures and traditions of other states,\" he added.Deputy secretary of the youth affairs ministry, government of India, Samsung David said the fest was a celebration of youth, art, culture, peace and joy. \"North zone youth festival has already taken place in Chandigarh, very soon west and south youth festival will also be organized. The winners from these fests will participate in the national youth festival to be organized at Kalyani University of West Bengal. The winner will get a chance to participate in the international youth festival,\" he said.The first day of the programme ended on a cheerful note with folk/tribal dance competition participated by Ranchi, Kolhan, Gauhati and Manipur universities. The results will be declared on the last day of the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527110", "title": "Budget for South damp squib, no new projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: South Corporation's budget has proved to be a damp squib. Unlike North and East, South Corporation has not proposed a steep hike in property tax. It has only rationalized the tax slabs and plans to bring close to 12 lakh new properties into the tax net. For this, the corporation has decided to allot a unique property identification code, being discussed for years now. But unlike the other two corporations, this civic body has nothing new to offer. The budget for 2013-14 doesn't have any new proposal for infrastructure development.\"We don't want to burden the existing taxpayers by increasing taxes. We will first try to bring new properties into the tax net. With the help of data provided by Geospatial Delhi Limited, we have been able to identify 14 lakh properties in our jurisdiction. At present, just 4.25 lakh owners pay taxes. We hope to bring 12 lakh properties into our tax net. This will be done over a period of two years. We will soon start the process of allotting a unique property identification code. In the property tax department, we are working on reforms, rationalization and recovery of taxes,'' said Manish Gupta, commissioner, South Corporation.Except for a slight increase in the taxes for non-residential properties, the corporation has tried to simplify the tax slabs by grouping malls, guesthouses etc under one category. As for recovery, the corporation has already initiated the process by sending notices.While the ruling BJP said it will introduce new projects, the Congress called the budget \"directionless and visionless\". Of the three corporations, South Coporation is richest. While presenting the budget, commissioner Gupta said the corporation has not taken any loan. The estimated budget for 2012-13 is Rs 2958 crore and for 2013-14 is Rs 2995 crore, which is much less than North Corporation's budget \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rs 3590 crore. \"The commissioner first said the budget proposed by erstwhile MCD was not based on realistic figures. This shows that the BJP has been proposing projects without any financial support. This budget is directionless and visionless. Despite being the richest corporation, there are no new infrastructure development proposals. By not taking a loan, the corporation has done nothing great as it failed to propose developmental projects. There is a proposal for construction of a swimming pool but the location is not specified. Similarly, there is proposal for construction of 10 community centres, but we don't know where these structures will come up. Is this a budget?\" said Farhad Suri, leader of the opposition in the house.Like other two corporations, however, South Corporation has proposed to increase parking charges. It has proposed different parking rates for markets and residential areas. While Gupta stressed the need to \"inconvenience\" car users by increasing parking rates, especially of surface level parking, he admitted that the corporation has not been able to provide multilevel parkings. Most of the multilevel parking projects are either yet to start or are in the initial stages. The BJP had inaugurated a parking project at Hauz Khas before the municipal elections, but it is yet to be made operational. \"I agree that most of the parking projects are stuck in the initial stages. This is because we have not been able to get land,'' said Gupta.The corporation has not been able to fulfill its internal revenue target. From car parking, the corporation plans to collect Rs 18 crore by the end of this financial year as against its estimate of Rs 30 crore in the beginning of the year. Instead of increasing its target, the corporation has set its target for financial year 2013-14 at Rs 25 crore. Similarly, the corporation aims at collecting just Rs 9.84 crore as against a proposed amount of Rs 11.49 crore for this financial year. The target for 2013-14 has been set at Rs 10.97 crore.Interestingly, the North and East corporations have announced several development projects despite acute shortage of funds. \"We will propose new development work in our budget,'' said Subhash Arya, leader of the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "17528719", "title": "Chargesheet filed in Kharagpur gangrape case", "text": "MIDNAPORE: The chargesheet was filed against eight accused in the Kharagpur gangrape case on Friday. It comes 88 days after the first arrest on September 10.The accused had gang-raped a Class XI girl near a temple close to railway colony Mathuraghati on September 9. The Indian Penal Code specifies that an accused in a crimewill be denied bail during the trial if the chargesheet is filed within 90 days of his arrest. Six of the eight accused are in custody, while two are absconding. They have been charged with gangrape and assault.Gautam Das, the main accused, is reportedly a Trinamool Congress worker, though the party leaders have denied it. The victim is in the Garden Reach railway hospital, where doctors have said she would have to undergo surgery for her broken backbone. The cost of her treatment will be around Rs 3 lakh. The district administration has sent a proposal to the Writers' Buildings seeking financial compensation for the girl. under the chief minister's scheme for aid to rape victims,\" said West Midnapore's ADM (general) Rajat Sahni.No order has been received from the state yet. The victim's father, a railway employee, said he has applied to the railways for treatment costs for his daughter under his health card.The gangrape happened near a temple close to the railway colony in Kharagpur's Mathuraghati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17526337", "title": "Maoist leader sent to 14-day police custody", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Kamrup chief judicial magistrate's court on Friday sent top Maoist leader Anand Kharwar to seven days police custody. Assam Police's Special Operation Unit (SOU), which has registered a case against the Maoist leader, pleaded for 14-day custody of Kharwar.On Thursday, police arrested Kharwar, who is the sub-zonal commander of CPI (Maoist) in Jharkhand's Latehar district, and his co-brother Anil Singh, from a hotel in Tezpur.Anil, an employee of a Kolkata-based company, was produced in court. \"We have inputs that Maoists are spreading tentacles in the state and the arrest of Kharwar is a vital one. We believe we will be able to extract information on movements of Maoists in the state after interrogation,\" said a senior SOU official.Recently, police came to know about Maoists' plan to get involved in the coming panchayat elections in the state by fielding former Adivasi militants as candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17527822", "title": "Vehicle lifter arrested, cars reovered", "text": "BOKARO: Police on Friday arrested a vehicle lifter and recovered four-wheelers and motobikes from his garage.Abhishek Kumar Singh, an honours graduate in Botany, is the son of a former employee of Bokaro Steel Plant. Singh mostly targeted friends and relatives as it was easy to get details. He first stole a vehicle, a motorbike, last year. He did not have any criminal record before he got into stealing.\"One of the recovered cars belongs to his brother-in-law. He had stolen it from his residence in Sector-XII area,\" said Surender Singh, officer in-charge, Sector-IV police station.SP Kuldeep Dwivedi said Singh was traced to Sector-II/D Road where he was trying to sell one of the stolen cars. When asked to produce documents, Singh fumbled and roused suspicion. He was then brought to the police station for interrogation. Later, he confessed to stealing the vehicles.\"His decent looks hardly roused any suspicion among people and he could easily commit crime,\" said Dwivedi.On Tuesday, police had arrested a drug-addict businessman, who used to lift vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17527908", "title": "IIT-Kanpur hosts global entrepreneurship conference", "text": "KANPUR: The Annual Global Conference on Entrepreneurship and Technology Innovation (AGCETI) began at IIT-Kanpur on Friday. The three-day conference, organised by Syndicate Bank Entrepreneurship Research and Training Center (SBERTC), IIT Kanpur in association with Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI) New York, International Management Institute (IMI), New Delhi and National Entrepreneurship Network (NEN), Bangalore has witnessed significant rise in participation since its inception in 2010.The conference saw active participation from a large number of countries including UK, Indonesia, Portugal, Norway and Austria, and was inaugurated by Prof A K Chaturvedi, Dean Research and Development . This was followed by welcome address by Prof AK Mittal, IIT Kanpur, Prof Lois Peters (RPI), Prof Ashutosh Khanna, International Management Institute, Delhi, and Dr Deepu Philip, IIT Kanpur.Experts from across the globe will share their insights on the foundations and different paths to entrepreneurship as well as industry trends at the meet. The panels feature entrepreneurs, venture capitalists, professional service providers and faculty and business reporters, covering a broad range of topics from idea generation and venture financing to family businesses and industry-specific entrepreneurship.A consortium of decision makers (government, ministries and state agencies), entrepreneurship and innovation experts (universities, research and development centers, technology transfer centers, start-up centers) and practitioners (SMEs, business incubators and business support organizations), the goal of AGCETI is to cultivate and nurture entrepreneurial culture across the interested community.The conference was chaired by Prof Ashutosh Khanna (International Management Institute) and Dr BV Phani of IIT Kanpur and co-chaired by Dr Lois Peters (RPI New York) and Dr Deepu Philip of IIT Kanpur.Present on the occasion were Ian Angell from London School of Economics, Sanjeev Newar, Sunita Singh from National Entrepreneurship Network, and Abhishek Nijhar from International Management Institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17527914", "title": "Builder, cop kidnap financial broker, wife", "text": "MUMBAI: A developer, his police bodyguard and an aide allegedly kidnapped a Juhu-based financial advisor and his wife from outside a restaurant in Versova over a financial dispute late on Tuesday.Based on a complaint by the consultant against the trio, the Versova cops later registered a kidnapping case against three persons, but did not name the bodyguard in the FIR. A senior officer said they were questioning the policeman to verify his role in the incident.While the accused let the woman go the same night, they allegedly detained the financial advisor\u00e2\u20ac\u201dSiddharth Mehta\u00e2\u20ac\u201dat the developer's office in Amboli, Andheri (W), till Wednesday morning. They released him following an assurance that he would return the money he reportedly owed to the developer, Milind Nikharje. Mehta then went to the Versova police and lodged a complaint.The police said the developer and the financial advisor were known to each other. As Nikharje wanted a Rs 11 crore loan for a project, he approached Mehta for help; the latter agreed to arrange the money. However, before providing the loan, Mehta charged an advance interest payment of Rs 1.5 crore.Nikharje paid the money, but reportedly did not get the promised loan. He kept making enquiries with Mehta and also asked him to return the advance interest. When the advisor allegedly kept avoiding him, he decided to kidnap Mehta.The developer asked Mehta to meet him near a restaurant in Versova to settle the dispute. Accordingly, Mehta reached the spot late on Tuesday evening. He was accompanied by his wife.The two parties had an argument before Nikharje, his bodyguard and aide Sajjad Aaga allegedly threatened the couple with a revolver. They also forced the Mehtas into a car and took them to Nikharje's office in Amboli.There was more drama in the office, where the trio allegedly assaulted Mehta and threatened to kill him. They allowed his wife to leave after a while but detained Mehta in the office for the night. On Wednesday morning, the accused warned Mehta to return the money or face the consequences. They then let him go.A senior officer said, \"We have booked Nikharje and his associate in the kidnapping case. We are also verifying the role of the police bodyguard in the case. He is helping us get a clear picture of what exactly happened there.\" The police guard was assigned to Nikharje after the latter received threats from the underworld.Another officer said while it was a financial dispute between two persons to begin with, they registered a case as Nikharje allegedly took the law into his own hands. The officer said it appeared that the police guard failed to perform his duty as he should have protested against Nikharje's actions. The police were also inquiring if the guard's weapon was used to threaten Mehta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17528681", "title": "Newborn found abandoned at central railway station", "text": "MANGALORE: A premature newborn baby boy was found abandoned near the railway track at Central Railway Station here on Friday.The railway staff at the station heard the baby's wail and found it near the railway tracks after Parashuram Express left at 4.40am. The baby was handed over to NICU staff at Lady Goschen at 5.5am. The doctor attending the baby at the hospital said, \"Right now the baby is in a better position than when it was brought. The baby was blue and now the colour is returning and the heart rate is also stable.\"Fearing infection, the doctors have started giving him antibiotics. The baby weighs1.8 kg and has sustained abrasion marks near the spine.Meanwhile, an eight-day-old girl baby, which was found abandoned in Udupi on Wednesday, was handed over to Spoorthidhama in Kediyoor. Keshav Koteshwar, CEO, Spoorthidhama said that a sex worker had claimed that baby was hers on Friday. ``We have found it to be true. The baby was taken by the woman's husband, an alcoholic, who used his wife for soliciting customers, and left her in front of an office in Udupi.\"The Child Welfare Committee has handed it in the care of Spoorthidhama as of now. At the next CWC meeting to be held on Saturday, the mother will be presented and if the members find the claims of the woman are genuine, she will be handed over to the mother,\" said Keshav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527237", "title": "Sushruta case: Oxygen cylinder firm summoned", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police on Friday issued a summons to the owners of PES Installations, the firm responsible for providing the oxygen cylinders at the hospital, to join investigations at the earliest. However, none of their representatives appeared before the police. Sources in the police said that several arrests, including those of firm's representatives, were likely as their investigation proceeded.DCP, north, Sindhu Pillai said that had issued notice under Section 91 CrPC and that the police was analysing all possibilities in the case and will take suitable action against all those found culpable of negligence. Police have recorded the statement of nine doctors from Sushruta Trauma Centre. Documents including contract papers have been seized. The post-mortem of another deceased was conducted on Friday. The probe is also likely to target hospital authorities and doctors, police said, adding they had found prima facie evidence of negligence.\"The hospital authorities informed us much later about the incident. It took place about 6.45 am. However, the local police station was informed after 2 pm. This act, on the authorities' part, made us probe negligence on their part,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17527008", "title": "Crack JEE to get top college", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Students will now have to crack the Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) to get into premier engineering and architecture colleges in the city. The system will be applicable for prominent institutions in the city such as Chandigarh College of Architecture ( CCA ), Chandigarh College of Engineering and Technology (CCET), PEC University of Technology and University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET) from 2013. Admission will be based on 40% weightage for performance in Class XII board exams on percentile basis and 60% weightage would be given to performance in the JEE main. The combined all India rank will be decided accordingly.However, JEE (Main) will be an eligibility test for the JEE (Advanced), which the candidate aspiring for admission to undergraduate programmes in the IITs. The exam will be conducted by the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE). The decision was taken in a meeting convened by the UT administration on Friday after a communication from the ministry of human resource development. Two merit lists, all India ranks and state ranks will be prepared for the convenience of institutions. The JEE-Apex Board will coordinate with all councils of boards of secondary education and it will be the final authority to make policies, rules and regulations for the conduct of the JEE-Main.\"It was decided that this system should be adopted for all institutes of the UT administration, including the Chandigarh College of Architecture and CCET (degree wing) that are covered under the ambit. The PEC University of Technology and UIET also agreed to be part of the Joint Admission Committee,\" an official said.\"Admission to undergraduate engineering programmes at NITs, IIITs and other centrally funded technical institutions, institutions funded by participating state governments and other institutions shall involve the Joint Entrance Examination, JEE (Main). The JEE (Main) will also be an eligibility test for the JEE (Advanced), which the candidate has to take if he or she wants admission in the undergraduate programmes offered by the IITs,\" the official website of CBSE says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17527301", "title": "Stay on painting handover order", "text": "MUMBAI: A sessions judge in Mumbai stayed a recent order, issued by a Girgaum magistrate to Altamount Road resident Meher Davis, to hand over a Rs 1-crore Jehangir Sabavala painting to the Gamdevi police for safekeeping.Davis had in 2007 accused her brother, Rustam Mehta, of stealing the painting that belonged to her. He was arrested, released on bail and tried. The magistrate last month acquitted Mehta of theft charges and directed that the painting, which was in Davis's custody, be handed over to the Gamdevi police within a week.The magistrate also said both parties could pursue civil remedy to determine the right of ownership and possession of the painting, one of the early works of Sabavala called Still Life with Apples.Davis challenged the order to hand over the painting to the Gamdevi cops and also appealed against her brother's aquittal. Sessions judge S D Kulkarni admitted her appeal against the acquittal order.The court, after hearing advocate Aabad Ponda-who represented Davis-and the public prosecutor for the state, directed that the painting remain with Davis till further orders on the same terms and conditions imposed earlier by the magistrate and confirmed by the high court. The judge also issued a notice to Mehta to state why the stay should not be made permanent till final disposal of the appeal.The sessions judge said Davis has \"preferred an independent appeal, aggrieved by the order of acquittal\". She appealed under proviso to section 372 of the criminal procedure code (CrPC) which provides for a right of appeal to the victim against an order of acquittal or conviction for a lesser offence and inadequate compensation. The 'victim' referred to in the law, includes a complainant. The judge said based on the section and the grounds relied on in the appeal, the appeal is admitted.The court posted the matter for hearing to March 7, 2013. The Girgaum magistrate had while acquitting the 62-year-old Mehta relied on a written note he had left behind for Davis while removing the ancestral painting and few other items at night to their Pune house. \"Relocating after intimation cannot be dishonest intention,'' the magistrate had held as his lawyer Mihir Gheewala had argued that \"dishonest intention'' is a key criteria to define and prove theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17528644", "title": "Varsity of vices? Scandals involving dons rock Andhra University", "text": "Visakhapatnam: Are young and vulnerable women becoming victims of sexual harassment within the campus of Andhra University? This is the question on everybody's mind after Thursday's sting operation by a TV channel that exposed a senior professor from the department of economics, school of distance education, allegedly seeking sexual favours from a student who had come to collect her pass certificates.In recent times, AU has been rocked by reports of sexual harassment involving senior professors from various departments. One such professor, who hit the headlines recently for such deeds, was even aspiring to become the vice-chancellor of the university. It is learnt that at least four such cases have created a stir on the campus and while only two made the headlines, the others were hushed up.Sources within the university claim there are indeed a few black sheep among professors in the university that prey on vulnerable women, especially research scholars, who are desperate to finish their PhD for reasons such as economic problems or getting an early job.\"This has been the trend of late. The academic standards of nearly 40 per cent of the professors are nothing to boast about and it is primarily them who indulge in such activities. A few of them do not even know how to draft a leave letter properly,\" said a senior professor scathingly. \"What is more important is that the institution is being defamed because of a few rotten apples.\"\"It is a fall from glory for AU,\" said a former professor, pointing out that AU was once regarded as an intellectual hub as some of the top notch academicians like CV Raman, Hiren Mukherjee, Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, Mahadevan and Seshadri walked its hallowed precincts and greats like Rabindranath Tagore delivered lectures.\"In our times there was a pervasive feeling of sanctity. Teachers were regarded as gurus and we both respected and loved them,\" said a senior professor, who was once a student of the university. \"There was an element of both fear and care in our relationship. And we try to maintain the same even today. But unfortunately, a few tend to forget their role. When professors such as Ila Rao or LSRK Sastry passed us by on the campus, we would bow our heads with love and respect. I still remember how LSRK took to task a research scholar and her guide when they tried to get cozy on campus,\" he said.A senior professor from the department of English had a different view. \"It cannot be said that such things did not happen in the past. It did happen, but on a different plane. At times we were in love with our professors but it was platonic. Their intellectual ability was awe-inspiring. There are many cases on campus where professors, who were guides, did get married to their much younger students. But it was a well-defined relationship, not the way it is happening today,\" she said.Sources within the campus said that the number of reports of professors preying on female students had increased of late, more so from the science colleges than the arts. \"In science, research work is more crucial. And when it comes to distance education, the profile of students itself speaks volumes - most of them are either dropouts or have not done well in their academic career and are now desperate for a certificate that is linked to some economic criteria like jobs or licences and become an easy prey. We have received many such complaints,\" said Padma from Progressive Organisation for Women.In the recent time, AU has been rocked by reports of sexual harassment involving senior professors from various departments. One such professor, who hit the headlines recently for such deeds, was even aspiring to become the vice-chancellor of the university. Sources claim that a few prey on vulnerable women, especially research scholars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17527029", "title": "Man gets jail for property fraud", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a property cheating case, a sessions court here on Friday awarded three-month jail term to Subhash Chander Kataria, a city-based trader.The court has also rejected the application of Kataria which he had moved after a lower court had held him guilty in the case.The incident dates back to June 2006, when an officer of the Indian Administrative Services (IAS) rank had filed a complaint against Kataria with Chandigarh police. The complainant had alleged that Kataria had illegally taken over a property in Sector 32 that was resumed by the Chandigarh administration. According to the case, Kataria had taken this property on lease after bidding in an open auction in December 1975. He had got the allotment papers after he had paid the 25% of the total amount. But he failed to pay the remaining installments so the lease agreement was cancelled in July 1978. Later, this matter was referred to the estate office, Chandigarh.After an independent probe, the estate office passed an eviction notice in January 1982 and following this, the property was sealed. But Kataria broke the seal and tried to take the possession of the property. Later, the matter reached the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17527557", "title": "Honour killing in Kolkata: Man beheads sister in public view, takes severed head to police station", "text": "KOLKATA: In the first honour killing in Kolkata in decades, a 29-year-old youth dragged his sister out on the street and cut off her head with one stroke of the sword in Ayubnagar locality of Nadial, barely 13km from the city centre, on Friday.Scores of residents looked on in horror as Mehtab Alam walked to a police station with the head in his left hand and the sword in his right, dripping blood all along the way.At 11am, the duty officer at Nadial police station jumped to his feet in horror as he saw a young man walk in with the macabre exhibits. Before he could find the words to alert his colleagues, Mehtab put the sword and the head on his table, pulled up a chair and told him that he was ready to be arrested for murdering his sister, 22-year-old Nilofar Bibi. He told the duty officer to \"seize the head as evidence\", say sources.Even as deputy commissioner-port division Mehboob Rehman rushed to the scene of crime, where Nilofar's headless body lay in a pool of blood, Mehtab told the numbed police officers that he had killed his sister for \"running off with a lover and dishonouring the family\", say sources. Nilofar was married for eight years and had two children. It was \"immoral\" for her to live with her former paramour, Firoz Hossain, Mehtab apparently told police.Firoz escaped because he wasn't home. \"I'd have killed him, too,\" Mehtab told police. He had even attacked Firoz's sister-in-law, Saboo , who tried to save Nilofar. Saboo's right arm is nearly severed and she is battling for life in hospital, said joint commissioner-crime Pallab Kanti Ghosh.Nilofar married Akbar of Pachura, Rabindranagar, when she was 14. They have a son aged six and a daughter, four. On November 28, she ran away from her in-laws' home, alleging that she was being harassed and tortured by Akbar's brother. On November 30, she disappeared from her paternal home, too.Nilofar's father lodged a missing person's diary at Nadial police station. In a few days, Mehtab came to know that she was with Firoz, with whom she had an affair before marriage, say police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17528570", "title": "Official who signed trident deal demoted", "text": "KOLKATA: It has been a sea-saw ride for Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) official Manobrata Chaudhuri. The officer and signatory to the controversial trident light deal was on Friday reverted to his earlier designation, officer on special duty, within a week of being promoted to the director general's post on November 30.That is not all. The civic body has held back the statutory benefits of the accused officer, Gautam Pattanayak, who retired as director general though he was removed from the electrical department to Kolkata Environment Improvement Project (KEIP) when the trident light scam came to the surface. Pattanayak was also among the signatories to the deal though he said in his reply to the show-cause notice that he okayed the files in consultation with his political bosses in the corporation.It could be a coincidence that Pattanayak's retirement benefits have been put on hold based on the observations made by his junior Manobrata Chaudhuri who is now under fire. Coming under pressure from several corners - Raj Bhavan and also the audit authorities - that wanted the corporation and the state urban development and municipal affairs departments to come clear on the controversial deal, minister Firhad Hakim wanted municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed to dig out the truth.For all these days, Chaudhuri was under pressure from his bosses to confide the dealings that has led to the controversy. But the officer refused to divulge the facts, fearing that it would expose his hand in the deal along with others. Incidentally, the demotion order for Chaudhuri came in the evening after the mayor-in-council meeting on Friday.The order was issued after the officers of the director general's rank lined up to the mayor's chamber, getting a whiff of the impending disciplinary action against Chaudhuri. They expressed their dismay, saying they all felt insecure. \"We have to sign files often at the behest of our political bosses. We have become vulnerable now,\" an officer said.Among them were Nilangshu Bose, overseeing the planning and development department, Debasish Ghosh, overseeing MPLAD, Anindya Karforma overseeing buildings, Debasish Chakraborty, parks and squares, P K Dhua and Bihas Maity, civil engineering.They held that Pattanayak, the director-general (lighting department) who was removed from the department for his alleged involvement in the trident light project,didn't take the decision on his own. A group of officials had approved the project - right from the tender process to the fixing of price for buying trident lights from outside while the civic body's own workshop at Entally had been manufacturing trident polls. They also pointed fingers at the KMC finance department that started making payments to contractors, initially.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17528819", "title": "Permanent International Film Festival of Kerala venue site identified", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Chief minister Oommen Chandy inaugurated the 17th International Film Festival of Kerala (IFFK) at the Nisagandhi open air auditorium here on Friday.Chandy said the government is keen to set up a permanent venue for the IFFK which would function as a cultural hub. He added that a suitable site has been identified but an announcement would come only after securing required clearances.Actor Mohanlal was the guest of honour at the inaugural function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17527805", "title": "12-year-old school girl abducted for ransom?", "text": "RAIPUR: In a brazen incident in the heart of the city, a 12-year old school girl was kidnapped near her house by unidentified people from Shyam Nagar area near Telibandha on Friday evening.The incident took place when the school girl, a student of sixth standard studying in N H Goel World School, stepped down from her school bus at around 4.30 pm and was walking towards home. Suddenly, few unidentified people came from behind in a Ritz car and pulled her into the vehicle. One of her neighbours, who was standing in the balcony, saw the child being pulled into the car and she raised an alarm but the car sped away.Additional superintendent of police Lal Umed Singh told TOI that police have set up pickets at several places in the city and began searching all vehicles within the city and its outskirts. A case has been registered at the Telibanda police station.Senior superintendent of police Dipanshu Kabra, who reached the Telibanda police station, is personally supervising the investigations. Police sources said there has been no definite clue about the abductors and their motive. It is said that the girl's father runs a wholesale business of electrical goods.When contacted, N H Goel World School Principal Kalpana Choudhary could not offer any comments on the incident.Meanwhile, family sources claimed they had received a call demanding ransom. The abductor also told the family that the child was in their captivity. The police refused to let anyone meet the family members. Cases of abduction have recently increased in the city as cases of school students going missing were reported from Amanaka locality earlier this week. Police is yet to get any clue about these missing school children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17527266", "title": "'Gujarat earns Rs 1,700 cr by selling power'", "text": "VADODARA: Union power minister Jyotiraditya Scindia on Friday charged the Narendra Modi government with selling electricity to other states for earning profits. Scindia, who is in the city to campaign for Congress ahead of the assembly polls, said that the Centre gives enough power to Gujarat but government is charging heavy electricity duty from the consumers.\"The Centre gives 3,000 megawatts of electricity to Gujarat everyday. But the state government sells 835 MW of power to other states and makes a huge profit of Rs 1,700 crore annually,\" Scindia said, addressing a rally in Ellora Park on Friday. He added the state government collects 20 per cent duty on power from people which is very high compared to other states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "rupnagar", "code": "17527561", "title": "Iran upset US to qualify for semis in kabaddi", "text": "Rupnagar: Iran pulled off a big surprise as they stunned formidable United States of America by 45-41 in a do-or-die pool D league match in the men's section of 3rd Kabaddi World Cup 2012 at the jam-packed Nehru Stadium on Friday.Both teams had two wins each to their credit before this crucial game. With this triumph, Iran earned the distinction of becoming the first nation to qualify for the semifinals. Afghanistan and Kenya, the other teams in this pool, have already made their exit from the tournament.Meanwhile, Iran and USA matched each other as they traded raid for raid in this evenly contested affair. Both teams shared honours as they were locked at 21-all, at the conclusion of the first half. Iran's leading raider Mustafa Hussein top-scored with 10 points while Syan contributed 7 points. Stoppers Ali Raza and Asgar Aizm earned 5 and 3 points, respectively.USA raiders Inderdeep Singh (16), Baljinder Singh (5) and Kanwar Sandh (3) put up a good show but that was not enough to extricate their team from the jaws of defeat. For the Americans, Jaskaran, Sandeep Singh and Kulwinder Singh got 4, 3 and 2 points, respectively.In another match, which was more of an academic interest, Argentina beat Kenya in Pool D by a margin of 55-42 and registered their first victory. Argentina were leading by 28-21 at the interval Argentinan raiders Yuri Mair, Alexandro and Evan got 17, 11 and 6 points, respectively, whereas their stoppers Kristiyan and Sebba logged 6 and 4 points, respectively.In women's pool B encounter, Malaysia outpointed USA with a difference of 47-18 points and brightened their chances to qualify for the semifinals. The Malaysian players looked more determined and aggressive in their play, especially on resumption. Malaysian raiders Manpreet Kaur (9), Parmajit Kaur (8) and Amandeep Kaur (8) gave a consistent display to fashion their team's well-earned verdict. Their stoppers Mandeep Kaur, Rekha and Liza got 10, 7 and 3 points, respectively.American raiders Guramrit Kaur got 9 points whereas stoppers Meena Devi and Babli Devi snatched 3 and 2 points, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17527005", "title": "Two more get bail in Reebok case", "text": "GURGAON: Giving its verdict on the bail application of three of the persons accused in the Rs 870 crore Reebok India scam, the trial court of Gurgaon granted bail to Somya and Anand Agarwal and rejected the bail plea of the third person, Sanjeev Mishra.With two more getting bail in the case, the three %key accused - former MD Subhender Singh Prem, %former COO Vishnu Bhagat and Sanjeev Mishra - still remain in custody. On Thursday, three accused persons had filed their bail applications in the court of Sandeep Yadav-JMIC Gurgaon through their counsel. At the end of the hearing on the bail plea, the court decided to give its verdict on Friday.While Somya and Anand Agarwal were Reebok executives when the scam came to light, Sanjeev Mishra was associated with a company named Shivam Enterprises, which had business dealings with Reebok. Mishra's name came into the picture when four illegal warehouses were secretly hired in his name by former MD Subhender Singh Prem, ex-COO Vishnu Bhagat and ex-GM (logistics) Prashant Bhatnagar.Earlier, Ernst &amp; Young (E&Y;) in the forensic analysis report confirmed that sacked managing director Subhinder Singh Prem and former COO Vishnu Bhagat had fudged company accounts books by double discounting and preparing fake invoices. On September 26, police had arrested Prem and Bhagat for their alleged involvement in the fraud. Later nine more people, Sanjeev Mishra, Prashant Bhatnagar, Surakshit Bhatt, Nikhil Upadhay, Anand Aggarwal, Lalit Marwah, Vikas Uppal, Manish Marwah and Kapil Aggarwal were also arrested.Last month Surkshit Bhatt, a former sales executive with Reebok, was granted the first bail in the case from the same court after producing two sureties and deposit Rs 1 lakh. Two more accused persons - Vikas Uppal, a former company executive, and Prashant Bhatnagar, the company's head for logistics - in the alleged fraud case were released on bail on Tuesday, December 4.Meanwhile, the next hearing in the case for argument on charges listed in the charge-sheet is scheduled for December 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527135", "title": "Akbarabadi mosque: ASI gets more time to file report", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Friday granted more time to Archaeological Survey of India to file its report on the survey assigned to it to ascertain if there was any Mughal-era mosque structure at the site at Subhash Park near the Red Fort.Seeking more time, the counsel for ASI, which was to submit the report, told a special bench headed by Justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul, that IIT, Kanpur, has said that it would complete the assignment by December-end.ASI had earlier assigned the task to IIT, Kanpur, to conduct the radar survey which will do a ground penetration of the site to ascertain the depth of the structure if at all existing there.The court also asked Delhi Police to look into allegations levelled by S S Omji, vice-president of Akhil Bharat Hindu Mahasabha, that he has been attacked repeatedly by some unidentified persons at the instance of Iqbal, because he is pursuing the case for demolition of the structure. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17527067", "title": "Online fraud: UT cops deaf to victims", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was a four-month ordeal for Manu Batta and her husband Sanjeev Batta who struggled to convince the Chandigarh cops that they really were victims of online fraud. The couple even provided cell phone number of one of the fraudsters, but the police did not pay heed towards some of the crucial evidence, which could have cracked the case at an initial stage.Strange but true. The couple, residents of Sector 38, filed complaint with the police on August 6 but it was only on Friday (December 7) that the police registered an FIR in the case. In the complaint, the Battas said that they were fleeced of Rs 12 lakh. Sanjeev Batta told TOI, \"We had to run from pillar to post to file the FIR. We had to move from police headquarters-9 to police station Sector 17, from PS 17 to crime branch in Sector 11 and then to police station Sector 39 in the name of so-called investigation. We had been underlining the need for immediate registration of FIR so that the accused could be traced through the cell number but all in vain.\"Police sources said the complaint was being investigated in two parts: one by cyber sleuths in PS 17 and the other by cyber sleuths in crime branch Sector 11. The couple also raised question mark on the tall claims of speedy and free registration of FIRs on every complaint by Chandigarh police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17527098", "title": "Bride\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s family against alliance", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bizarre kidnapping incident, three persons \u00e2\u20ac\u201d including a newly married runaway couple and an elderly person \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were abducted by half a dozen kin of the bride Gurmeet Kaur of Moga in a Bolero at the dividing road of sectors 8 and 9 on Friday.Later, in a strange turn of events, accused kin surrendered before Chandigarh police along with the abducted couple in Sector-3 police station around 6.30pm.Police said preliminary investigation revealed Gurmeet and Happy tied the knot against the wishes of bride's family members and they came to Chandigarh to get a copy of police protection from Punjab &amp; Haryana high court on Friday.Sector-3 police station SHO Parkash said the couple was accompanied by Malkit, grandfather of groom, and kin of Gurmeet.Sources said identity of newly-married couple and abductors was only established after verification of registration number of SUV, which was found in the name of Jaipal Singh, who is cousin brother of the bride who was abducted.Police officials said Gurmeet's family members were not arrested as they have now given their approval to the couple's marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17528123", "title": "6 accused get life imprisonment in Sagar Sahani murder case", "text": "PUNE: A special court on Friday sentenced six of the 11 accused to life imprisonment and slapped a fine of over Rs 10 lakh on each in the sensational kidnapping and murder case of 22-year-old Sagar Sahani for a ransom of Rs 2 crore in 2005. Reacting to the judgment, the victim's father, Pimpri businessman Satinder Sahani, said that he will file an appeal in the Bombay High Court to get the punishment enhanced from life to death sentence.The court gave accused turned approver Narayan Jameriya (71) of Porbandar a tender of pardon and discharged him from the case. Five other accused were acquitted due to lack of evidence.The accused Prasad Shetty (31), Arvind Chaudhary (35), Bhiku Thanki (46), Jitendra Modha (38), Chotu Ghisaiwala alias Ravetsingh (30) and Nitin Modha (40) all residents of Vadodara, Porbandar and Agra, were charged under various sections of the Indian Penal Code including section 302 for committing Sagar's murder, section 344 for wrongful confinement of Sagar and also under 364 (a) for kidnapping and ransom. The six accused were further sentenced to seven years RI on two counts with fine of Rs 10 lakh each for organised crime under sections 3 (2) and 3 (4) of the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act. The sentences will run concurrently.The accused did not deposit fine after the verdict, which means they would have to undergo additional imprisonment of two years.Special judge S P Tavade in his 241-page judgment observed that the accused had slit the throat of the deceased for greed of ransom and had confined him for 12 days in Gujarat and had later dumped his body in a jungle. Ruling against death sentence, Tavade said that the accused did not commit murder in extreme brutality, grotesque, diabolical, revolting or dastardly manner so as to arouse intense and extreme indignation of the community. \"The motive of the accused was to earn money. These circumstances alone are not sufficient to brand the case as rarest of rare case,\" Tavade said.The period they have already spent in jail will be deducted from the total sentence period. The property seized in the case will be preserved to conduct trial against Dubai based gangster Aabid Ali who has been lodged in a Hyderabad jail. As per the chargesheet filed by the prosecution Nitin Modha was constantly in touch with Ali from whom he had also received financial aid.The six accused were found guilty on December 4. The judgment was deferred till Friday for enabling the prosecution and defence lawyers to argue on the quantum of punishment.Special public prosecutor Vikas Shah pleaded to sentence the accused to death as the offences committed by them fell under the category of rarest of rare cases. Shah quoted various Supreme Court and Bombay High Court rulings to prove that the accused had committed the crime in a cold blooded manner with extreme brutality after collecting ransom from the victim's parents.Opposing the prosecution's plea, defence lawyers Vidhyadhar Koshe and Vipul Dusingh pleaded to award lesser punishment as the case did not fall within the definition of rarest of rare case. The lawyers quoted the ransom and murder cases of former national tennis player R Karthikraj, 13-year-old Amit Sonawane and Dr Deepak Mahajan in which the Pune court had awarded death sentence, but the higher courts had reversed the judgments by sentencing the accused to life imprisonment.On August 14, 2005, Sagar shut his father's automobile parts shop in Pimpri at around 9 pm and went to a nearby restaurant for a takeaway meal. Just when he was getting into his car after leaving the restaurant, unidentified men in another car forced themselves into Sagar's vehicle and took him to various places in Gujarat over the next few days. They made ransom calls to Sagar's father, Satinder, and even collected Rs 15 lakh from him through the hawala route in Mumbai on August 23. Sagar was murdered the next day and his body was found on the Mumbai-Vapi highway on August 26.The AccusedPrasad Shetty (31), Arvind Chaudhary (35), Bhiku Thanki (46), Jitendra Modha (38), Chotu Ghisaiwala alias Ravetsingh (30) and Nitin Modha (40)The Quantum of Punishment* All six charged under 120 (b) and 364 (a) of the Indian Penal Code and sentenced to life imprisonment on two counts__ for committing an offence of criminal conspiracy and kidnapping Sagar for ransom. All fined Rs 4,000 each.* All six charged under section 344 of the IPC for wrongful confinement of Sagar for over 10 days. They were sentenced to two years rigorous imprisonment (RI) with a fine of Rs 1,000 each.* Shetty, Ghaisaiwala and Nitin Modha charged under section 302 of the IPC for committing Sagar's murder and sentenced to life imprisonment with a fine of Rs 2,000 each. They were also charged under section 201 of IPC for destruction of evidence and sentenced to five years RI with a fine of Rs 2,000 each.* Nitin Modha was sentenced to three years RI on two counts with a fine of Rs 4,000 each for committing a robbery and misappropriating the property of deceased as per section 392 and 404 of the IPC.* The six accused were further charged under sections 3 (2) and 3 (4) of the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act for organised crime and sentenced to seven years RI on two counts with a fine of Rs 10 lakh each.* The sentences will run concurrently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527426", "title": "Path cleared for 7 lakh rickshaws", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Friday cleared the decks for smooth registration of almost 7 lakh cycle rickshaws plying in the city. A special bench dealing with the matter also quashed a rule of the erstwhile MCD that insisted on an address/identification proof from the owners, after activists complained it had resulted in harassment of the poor.HC had earlier suspended the policy and operation of the civic agency for registration of cyclerickshaws since the corporation had demanded ID proof in the application form for issuing licences. The petitioners in the case, Manushi, argued that information sought in the form is irrelevant and objectionable.The special bench constituted to monitor the capital's pilot project for non-motorised vehicles (NMV), including cycle rickshaws on city roads, had earlier stayed the policy and asked the corporation not to implement the policy till it incorporates certain changes. It had also asked the corporation to reconsider its decision of charging the annual fee of Rs 25 for renewal of the licence for cyclerickshaws.Representing Manushi, advocate Indira Unninayar had argued that insisting on residence proof, health certificate and other such requirements should not be necessary for those applying for a rickshaw pullers licence.\"...Most of them are too poor to afford even a jhuggi in a slum. Most sleep on pavements or in rickshaw yards. The corporation is denying a poor man the right to earn his living by rickshaw pulling if he failed to provide residence proof,\" the NGO had alleged. It also accused the civic body of trying to invoke decade old restrictive clauses in the new application forms just to harass the rickshaw pullers and extort money from them.Unhappy with the criteria established by the corporation for registration of the vehicle and issuance of licence, Manushi had also cited an example, \"The application form for registration seeks whether the applicant is suffering from tuberculosis (TB) and for how many years he has been staying in the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17527667", "title": "Finish probe against suspended magistrate in 6 mths: High court", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has directed its registry complete the inquiry against a judicial magistrate, who is under suspension for the past 21 months, within six months.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam gave the direction on Friday on a petition filed by the judicial magistrate, S Gunasekar, who was placed under suspension on March 8, 2011 when he was the district munsif-cum-judicial magistrate at Sriperumpudur. The suspension followed allegations of corruption and misconduct.Gunasekar challenged the prolonged suspension, saying the order to suspend him should have been followed by a charge memo within three months, and the inquiry completed in six months. If it was a vigilance inquiry, it should have been completed in one year. \"The order of suspension cannot be extended beyond 90 or 180 days without assigning any reason,\" he said in his petition.On Friday, when the matter came up for hearing before the bench, counsel for the suspended judicial officer offered to withdraw the petition as not pressed.While allowing him to withdraw the plea and dismissing the matter as withdrawn, the judges said, \"The submission made by counsel is justified. Therefore, the writ petition is dismissed as having been withdrawn. However, we direct the registry to finalise the draft charges, if any, proceed with inquiry and conclude the same within six months from today.\"Besides immediate reinstatement, Gunasekar had sought restoration of his seniority and other service benefits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17527835", "title": "XISS bid to spread awareness on violence against women", "text": "RANCHI: In order to sensitize students and teachers about violence against women, Xavier Institute of Social Services, in partnership with Oxfam India, started a 16-day activism programme in schools.The first interactive session was held at Kairali School and Rayeen Urdu Girls High School on Thursday. The second session was organized at Delhi Public School on Friday by XISS assistant director Ranjit Toppo. \"Violence against women is a very sensitive issue and men and women have to be sensitized on the issue to ensure equality for every citizen,\" he said.\"Most the cases of violence against women remain unreported. We should collectively work towards making society violence-free and the role of youths is very crucial to ensure this,\" he added.XISS training coordinator Ragini Sinha presented the data of women atrocities to the children. She said, \"The report of National Crime Records Bureau says that in India, one woman suffers cruelty by husband every nine minutes. Similarly there is one molestation case in every 15 minute and one case of sexual harassment in every 53 minute. One rape case is observed every 29 minute.\"She said 2,13,585 incidents were reported in 2010 which rose to 2,28,650 in 2011 registering 7.1% increase during 2011.The session was concluded with an oath-taking session by all students that they would spread the message among friends and relatives to prevent violence against women. The boys vowed that they will not demand or accept dowry in their marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17528906", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcArt begins where logic ends\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: If you have wondered why movies are sprinkled with mercury-raising item numbers such as Munni Badnam Hui and Sheela Ki Jawani, those who drum them up advise not to expect any logic in their creation.\"Art begins where logic ends. Stop looking for logic behind film songs these days,\" said actor-lyricist Piyush Mishra who, along with lyricist Irshad Kamil and singer-music director Vishal Dadlani, discussed 'Songs of Our Times' at a panel moderated by London-based author and television producer Nasreen Munni Kabir.Kabir replaced film director Imtiaz Ali who could not turn up as his grandmother passed away.The panelists kept the packed hall enthralled through interesting anecdotes and views about \"foolish controversies\" over certain songs and parameters through which people judge songs. Dadlani then dropped a virtual bombshell when he spoke of the context in which Sheela Ki Jawani was penned. \"It is about female masturbation. It was meant to be seedy as it is sung when a B-grade movie is being shown in a frame of the film (Tees Maar Khan),\" said Dadlani.Disagreeing that the songs of Bollywood had become shallow of late, Dadlani recalled the hugely popular number Mera Naam Chin Chin Chu from the 1958 hit Howrah Bridge. \"What is in this song that made it so popular? Society gets the art it deserves,\" said Dadlani.When actor-lyricist Mishra was asked whether his songs and roles were inspired by any ideaology , he said, \"I work because I have a beautiful wife and lovely children to look after. I don't work for any ideology.\" He also denied that today's songs are less romantic . \"Romanticism is the lifeblood. There is romance between a boy and a girl, between you and God and between you and your dog. Without romance life will be dull and boring.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17528555", "title": "World\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s first postage stamp, rare coins to be on display", "text": "Pune: The world's first postage stamp, the Penny Black, India's first pigeongram and many other rare coins and stamps will be on display next week at an exhibition organised by the International Collectors' Society.Coinpex, the three-day exhibition starting on December 11, will be held at Sonal Hall and the exhibits of eminent philatelists who have won gold medals at various competitions will be displayed.Addressing a news conference on Friday, Narendra Tole, president, International Collectors' Society of Rare Items, said, \"It will be a great opportunity for Puneites to participate and buy unique and valuable stamps and coins. About 35 dealers will put up selling booths which will enable philatelists and numismatists to add to their collections.\"K C Mishra, post master general, will inaugurate the exhibition , while Vispi Dastur, eminent philatelist and international juror, will be conferred with the lifetime achievement award. Another eminent philatelist, Kishor Chandak of Solapur, will be felicitated for his achievements in philately. A souvenir will be released to mark the exhibition.Asia's first adhesive postal stamp and Silver Hon coin issued during the time of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj in South India, will also be among the exhibits on display.The International Collectors' Society of Rare Items has been actively promoting collections and hobbies in the younger generation for the past 17 years. The society has more than 175 life members with different types of collections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17527420", "title": "Soon, you can shop on Shatabdi Express", "text": "LUCKNOW: From January 2013, passengers will be able to shop on board the Shatabdi Express.Tenders for the service will be floated by December 23. \"We expect to start this service by January next year. The service could be extended to other trains as well,\" said Neeraj Sharma, chief public relations officer, Northern Railways.A decision to float tenders was taken on December 5 in a meeting between railway board chairman Vinay Mittal and northern railway general manager V K Gupta.The Northern Railways has just completed its first 30-day on-board shopping pilot project on four Shatabdi trains - Kalka, Amritsar Swarn, Lucknow Swarn and Bhopal Swarn. Based on the airline duty-free shopping model, the project was initiated on November 5.A wide range of products like skincare goods, jewellery, chocolates, souvenirs and so on will be available for Shatabdi travelers on the shopping cart. Passengers will have the option to make payment through cash or through credit card using handheld card swipe machines based on GPS technology.Only pre-approved or reputed brand items will be sold.The railways will also revenue from licence fees and a percentage of sales. \"12% of daily sales will go towards the earnings of Railways,\" Sharma saidSales worth Rs 3 lakh were recorded during the trial period where Railways managed to sell products like cordless MP3 players, portable scanners and mini-laptops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531017", "title": "Aamir Khan: Media has power to bring big changes", "text": "Superstar Aamir Khan feels Indian media should report without any external pressures, as different people perceive and portray things in different ways.\"I think it is up to us and people to decide how we portray what is happening. News is about reporting and with what perception you want to report. Different people have different perceptions,\" Aamir said at an event.\"All of us, and even media houses, want to report responsibly, without any external pressure and if that can happen, we would be very happy,\" he added.The 47-year-old had produced \" Peepli Live\" , which was a satirical take on the media. But the actor believes media is very powerful and has the potential to bring big changes in the society.\"I believe media is very more powerful than before. It has power to bring big changes and simultaneously the responsibility also increases. Media plays a dynamic role. We are in that age where communication is very advanced and the meaning of mass communication has changed because of internet,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17528602", "title": "State may miss RTE deadline: Minister of state for education Fouzia Khan", "text": "Pune: Minister of state for education Fouzia Khan on Friday said Maharashtra may miss the March 31, 2013 deadline for implementation of the Right to Education (RTE) Act set by the HRD ministry for all states.Khan, who was in the city to attend a meeting, said the state government was making an effort to meet the deadline but was unsure of implementing the Act smoothly in the state by March. \"There are about 33 guidelines that the state government has adopted in the first phase of implementing the Act. We are making an effort to implement all of them, but we are not too sure if we can do so very effectively by March 31,\" she said.However, director of education (primary and secondary ) Shreedhar Salunke, who was also present for the meeting , said, \"The Supreme Court has ordered that drinking water, toilets and other basic infrastructure be provided to all schools by March. We will be able to meet the deadline as far as infrastructure is concerned.\"A review of the RTE Act for the 2011-12 academic year, conducted recently by the Union government, revealed that the state did not figure among the top 10 states or Union territories in implementing RTE. The review showed that the state lagged behind in at least six parameters , including renewal of curricula and conducting the teacher eligibility test.Speaking on the recent confusion regarding kindergarten admissions in schools, Khan said, \"The process has now been streamlined and schools have been asked to check all the circulars and notifications that the government constantly updates on its website to make sure there is no confusion. It is not possible to reach every doorstep in the state to explain the rules of RTE.\"On the status of minority unaided schools which have been exempted from RTE rules for now, Khan said, \"We are still waiting for directives from the Union government on this. Once we get a clarification, we will take a decision on minority unaided schools.\"Before meeting reporters, Khan met officials of the state education department for more than an hour and discussed several issues. Salunke, however, refused to reveal which issues were discussed with Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17527133", "title": "Chandigarh Municipal Corporation takes I-card route to keep watch on sanitation workers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The sanitation sub-committee of the Chandigarh MC on Friday decided to issues identity cards to sanitation workers under contractors. The identity cards will be signed by the councillors to keep a tab on sanitation workers in different areas.The move comes in the wake of complaints from residents saying that sweepers do not come to work and garbage is not cleared for more than three to four days. During the recent house meeting, it was pointed out that a large number of class IV employees of the civic body work in the residences and offices of serving and retired bureaucrats and judicial officers. Thereafter, councillors suggested that MC officers conduct surprise checking during working hours and take strict action against errant employees.The committee also extended the contract of hiring 20 tractor trolleys to March 31, 2013, asking officers to complete the process of tender for allotment of work. A committee member suggested hiring private agencies for sanitation work during events like the crafts mela and programmes at Leisure valley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17527302", "title": "RTI activists challenge govt claims on youth employment", "text": "VADODARA: Two Right to Information (RTI) activists have challenged Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's claims of having provided employment to 65,000 youths as a part of Swami Vivekananda youth employment week organized in February this year. The RTI application filed by Rohit Prajapati and Amrish Brahmbhatt has revealed that the state government has provided apprenticeship to the youth instead of permanent employment. The reply furnished by the state government also revealed that many were merely appointed as trainees.\"Figures showed that out of 51,587 beneficiaries, 11,172, which are 30.4 per cent of the total numbers, were appointed as apprentices. According to labour laws, an apprentice is not considered an employee of the company and doesn't get any benefits apart from meager remuneration,\" Prajapati said.\"We were sent a sample copy of letters distributed by the government during the employment week. These were termed 'employment letters' and not appointment letters. These coloured employment letters have no legal standing,\" he added. The RTI reply revealed that all the 4,370 persons recruited under the youth employment week in Ahmedabad were apprentices.In Vadodara, the government provided 6,675 jobs of which 3,241 were apprentices. \"Also, several names appeared twice in the list. There appear to be no more than 2,700 names in the list of 3,534 beneficiaries who got employed other than apprentices. About 752 names were repeated in the list. Similar is the case for other districts too,\" Prajapati pointed out.Interestingly, districts like Gandhinagar , Patan, Valsad, Palanpur, Junagadh, Kutch and Himmatnagar didn't provide information about the employment week. Prajapati said that when they called up the people who were given employment letters many of them said that they were not happy with the job profile and had quit.Fact fileThe RTI activists, who sought information about beneficiaries of Swami Vivekananda Youth Employment Week said that about 31 per cent of the beneficiaries have been posted as apprentices, 19 per cent as workers, 12 per cent as helpers, 13 per cent as skilled labour, six per cent as officers, one per cent as semi-skilled, two per cent as engineers and nine per cent in other categories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17527677", "title": "Experts question tiger count that inflamed Wayanad", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The forest department's announcement early this year that the Wayanad wildlife sanctuary was home to around 80 tigers was viewed as the high point in the state's tiger conservation history but wildlife experts now say that the figure itself is suspect and the inflated numbers churned out by the 'ad-hoc camera-trap study' was a major factor in triggering the current unrest.They say that the forest department made a strategic mistake by calculating the tiger density of the relatively small 344-sq km Wayanad wildlife sanctuary without taking into account that the sanctuary is part of the larger tiger landscape spread across 4,000 sq km and comprising the Bandipur, Nagarhole and Muthumalai tiger reserves.The public anxiety following the survey was natural as going by the forest department figures, Wayanad would have the highest tiger density in the world. The study conjured up images of 80 tigers bursting at the seams of the relatively small sanctuary besides triggering media reports of Wayanad being a fit candidate for establishing a tiger reserve.\"The claim of having over 80 tigers in Wayanad is nonsense. Even among the Nagarhole-Bandipur tiger populations, which have high densities and reproductive potential, we see only 10-15 tigers per 100 sq km. Wayanad as such could have 20-30 animals at the most and that too shared within the larger area of Bandipur and Nagarhole reserves,\" Dr Ullas Karanth, one of India's leading tiger ecologists and member of the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA), told TOI.He said the ad hoc camera trappings, such as those being conducted by the forest department in Wayanad, have led to claims of inflated tiger numbers. \"The inflated tiger numbers have proved counterproductive and have misled and aroused public anxiety and have not been beneficial to conservation decision-making,\" he said.Wildlife expert Dr P S Easa of the Kerala Forest Research Institute (KFRI), Peechi said the study results should have been put to rigorous analysis before the results were declared. \"But it seems that the numbers were out in the public even before the final report was ready. Also, it should have been put in the public domain for further scrutiny. Releasing just the numbers have proved to be counterproductive,\" he said.Mohan Raj, coordinator, Western Ghats Landscape of WWF- India that did the camera trap study, meanwhile, said all the guidelines issued by the NTCA has been strictly followed. \"Our study had found 67 adult tigers and 11 cubs, which makes Wayanad a high tiger-dense area. We have provided the photographs to the state forest department and the final report will be submitted soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17527015", "title": "Carnatic croak", "text": "The Tired Voice Syndrome has descended on the music scene a full month ahead of its scheduled arrival. Consuming record quantities of hot water seem to be of no avail, with performers rasping through the concerts, says V Ramnarayan .Bundle up all our vocalists and fling them into the Bay of Bengal !\" ranted a hardcore rasika, after listening to a Hindustani music concert of a senior exponent of the Kirana gharana a few months ago. That was his way of acknowledging what he saw as the vocal superiority of the practitioners of north Indian classical music over their southern counterparts. Though opposed to such extreme measures of punishment, not to mention my aversion for any attempts to endanger the marine ecosystem, I understand where the harsh critic's frustrations stem from - the apparently increasing neglect of the voice that is fast becoming endemic to Carnatic music. (I say 'apparently' because I cannot prove that any musician is deliberately neglecting his voice).Two inter-related maladies seem to be the root cause of such violent emotions in sections of our listening public: Performance Obsession Syndrome (POS) and Tired Voice Syndrome (TVS). (Again, I say 'sections' because the vast majority does not seem to think there is anything wrong with the way our vocalists vocalise).Let me explain. The December Season is upon us again, and we are all suitably excited by the prospect of yet another winter festival of music and the ancillary delights that make it so special. Unfortunately, the December Season is no longer the December Season.At least three music festivals have come and gone, starting as early as mid-October or thereabouts. Thanks to a virulent form of POS, inflicted upon eager or reluctant artists by the overzealous organisers of these festivals who claim to be guardians of our culture, heritage or some such equally precious asset in dire straits -aided and abetted by the treacherous weather that can go straight for the jugular - TVS has descended on the scene a full month ahead of its scheduled arrival, not very different from the monsoon's confusing signals that have recently been befuddling the Met department. I have already attended six concerts in which the vocalists have consumed record quantities of hot water from strategically placed thermos flasks, all to no avail. The performers have invariably croaked and coughed so badly through the concerts that even the accompanying violins seem to go off key in sympathy.Though some of my suspicious friends like to play guessing games as to the contents of the flasks, I don't subscribe to the view that they can contain performance-enhancing potions of any description. At least I am yet to see evidence of any performance enhancement. I dread to imagine the scenario in the third week of December, by which time many vocalists will have completed at least half a dozen kutcheris. The situation is alarming, even as record crowds reportedly throng the sabha counters for season tickets, amidst reckless promises of bigger, better, more varied entertainment on offer to a public ostensibly demanding novelty and drama in place of staid old fare. Carnatic music today is not in the first place famous for great voices - here I am in danger of being lynched, I know - and this year in particular we seem to be heading for serious grief from the vocally challenged. The next few weeks will prove me right or wrong.(The author is the editor of arts magazine 'Sruti' and blogs about music)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17529001", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcWe cite gods as glibly as we break the rules\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as he terrorized the villagers of Ramgarh, Sholay's guffawing villain Gabbar Singh wore a sacred thread around his neck. It is this paradoxical ability of Indian society to be both pious and corrupt at the same time that came under the magnifying glass at a session titled 'The ease of being bad' , moderated by writer Aakar Patel, on Friday.Three writers who had reinterpreted epics through the prism of business, including Gurcharan Das, Ashwin Sanghi and Santosh Desai, tried to decode the irony in their own way.Das felt corruption was not the result of a cultural deficit, but an institutional one. To illustrate, he mentioned how people would regularly jump the signal outside his house in Delhi until the police started monitoring the place some months ago. Das stressed the need for a fast-track judicial system as the antidote to corruption.Ashwin Sanghi decided to tweak a dialogue from the film Deewar to show that \"real politic\" has little to do with culture. \"Mere paas Mayawati hai is the new mantra,\" said Sanghi and added that even in the West, there are murders despite the fact that the Ten Commandments dictate \"thou shalt not kill\" . When Patel asked how the corrupt can return to power in a democracy such as ours, Desai said that \"the basis for elections is patronage\" . Sanghi added there was a certain glory attached to even the wrongdoings of those in power.The moral ambiguity of what was right and wrong formed the underlining thread of the discussion. A key point came when Das called white lies \"the foundation of civilization\" with an example . Das' daughter-in-law once lied on the phone to someone, who was inviting them over, saying she was not well. My granddaughter asked her why she had lied. \"But I defended my daughterin-law and told my granddaughter that it's better than saying you are a bore.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17529071", "title": "New treadmill test to predict heart disease in women", "text": "WASHINGTON: A special type of exercise on treadmill can accurately predict heart disease in women over the age of 65.University of California - Davis researchers also found that two specific electrocardiogram (EKG) indicators of heart stress during an exercise treadmill test (ETT) further enhanced its predictive power.The study can help guide cardiologists in making the treadmill test more useful in clinical practice.\"Our study found that the test is a very valuable tool for identifying coronary artery disease in women older than 65, and that it can be used to help select those who may require higher-tech diagnostics,\" said Ezra Amsterdam, senior author of the study.During ETT, a patient exercises on a treadmill at gradually increasing speed and elevation while undergoing blood pressure monitoring and an EKG to gauge exercise-induced changes in the heart's electrical activity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17528791", "title": "Two Congress MPs take a short break from hospital to be present in RS", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defeat of the FDI motion was a foregone conclusion after BSP chief Mayawati on Thursday announced her party's decision to vote with the government, but the UPA's floor managers made sure that nothing was left to chance by wheeling in two ailing Congress MPs to cast their vote in the Rajya Sabha.Not wanting to risk a last-minute upset in their math , the government got ailing Congress MPs M Janardhan Reddy and Janardhan Waghmare to take a short break from hospital to be present in Rajya Sabha on Friday.While Waghmare, who came on a stretcher, was allowed by Rajya Sabha Chairman Hamid Ansari to vote from the lobby, Reddy was especially flown in from Hyderabad. The wheelchair-bound Reddy entered Rajya Sabha just ahead of the voting, cast his vote and left soon after. Both MPs are now back in their respective doctors' care.Not only this, the UPA managers persuaded reticent diva Rekha - nominated to the Rajya Sabha in April - to make a special appearance, only the second since she took oath as an MP on May 15. Clad in a beige khadi silk saree, Rekha took to the rather complex voting system in Parliament without much unease.Incidentally, by gathering its flock in the Rajya Sabha on D-Day, UPA managers were also buffering the government against any upsets on account of nominated MP Sachin Tendulkar , away in Kolkata playing a Test match against England, and Congress MP Murli Deora , who is said to have undergone surgery, not making it for the voting.Though the assured backing of 15 BSP MPs had put the UPA in a comfortable space, it kept up efforts through Thursday to push the numbers further up. These included talking to \"undecided and unattached\" parties/MPs' on the economic and political benefits of supporting FDI in retail.Incidentally, the voting threw some up some surprises and upsets, as three of the five TDP MPs - T Devendra Goud, who is also leader of the TDP in the House, Y S Chowdary and Sudha Rani - absented themselves, as did rebel BJD MP Pyari Mohan Mahapatra.While JD(U) MP Vashishta Narayan Singh stayed away due to a wedding back home, rebel JD(U) MP Upendra Kushwaha chose to vote with the government ahead of his impending expulsion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17528668", "title": "Inter-school fest will get under way today", "text": "MANGALORE: The annual inter-school event of Centre for Integrated Learning, `CIL Fest 2012', will get under way at the Mathruchaya Hall of Sri Gujarathi School in the city on Saturday. The two-day event comprises an array of contests, skill development activities and a lot of fun.Over 20 schools are expected to participated in the event which will draw hundreds of higher secondary and high school students. The competitive events include essay writing, Jest A Minute (JAM), quiz, Spell-It, What's The Good Word, Debate, Poster Making, Dumb Charades and group dance. Two winners of the group dance competition will perform at Town Hall during the Vijay Divas Celebrations to be organized by DK Ex-Servicemen's Association.CIL Fest will be inaugurated by artist and national winner of the design contest `Doodle 4 Google, Akshay Raj, International level Chess star Viani D'Cunha and award winning child actor and Bharatanatyam exponent, Chandan Kumar. The inaugural session will be presided over by Neelesh D Sangala, chairman of education ommittee of Sri Gujarathi Mahajan School. President of Mangalore Bar Association, Ashok P Ariga will be the chief guest for the valedictory session on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17527758", "title": "SIT to probe death of Chennai lawyer's son", "text": "CHENNAI: In a slap on the CBI's face, the Madras HC has taken away the probe into the mystery death of a lawyer's son from the central investigative agency and handed it over to a special investigation team, headed by former CBI director R K Raghavan. S Sathish Kumar, 24, son of advocate and human rights activist R Sankarasubbu, was found dead in June 2011 and ever since the case has proved to be a hot potato for both investigators and the high court.The court has given Raghavan full liberty to choose personnel from the state police for the SIT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17527399", "title": "PCL hints at hike indomestic power tariff", "text": "LUCKNOW: After the industrial sector, now domestic power consumers in the state may have to pay more from next year. The UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) indicated an ensuing hike in the power tariff on Friday as it submitted the new annual revenue requirement (ARR) for the financial year 2013-14 with the UP Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC).The AAR suggested a further rise in the revenue gap -- from Rs 9000 crore last year to Rs 10,000 this year. The move comes at a time when the state government is planning to give free power to rural consumers, especially small and marginal farmers. This will put a burden of Rs 1,000 crore on the state exchequer.About two months back, UPPCL had raised power tariff by 30-50%for the industrial sector but had spared the domestic consumers. The hike was in addition to the rise in energy tax that the state government would be charging the consumers on the per unit of energy charge. In fact, the state government linked the energy tax with the energy charge, the move saw stiff opposition from the political parties in the winter session of Vidhan Sabha.Industry associations have vehemently opposed the tariff hike, with some of them giving representations to the state government seeking a rollback. Though the authorities have refused any rollback, they have assured the industrial houses that no further hike will be done. This has fueled speculations that the state government may raise the power tariff for domestic consumers. At present, domestic consumers pay at the rate of Rs 3.45 per unit (up to 200 units) and Rs 3.80 per unit above 200 units.Sources in UPERC said the corporation had shown a revenue requirement of Rs 37,000 crore for the financial year 2013-14. The recent hike in power tariff will contribute additional Rs 2,400 crore to UPPCL coffers, provided an effective revenue collection is done, UPPCL sources said.The corporation is currently carrying out a drive to recover revenue from the consumers. The drive, however, has not yielded much results, leaving officials red-faced. There have also been instances of attacks on the staff and officials of UPPCL by consumers during such drives.Since UPPCL has been buying power from the energy exchange owing to poor generation from its power plants, this has further put strain on its coffers. The power, sources said, is being bought to supply to the rural areas and also cater some key assembly constituencies of senior Samajwadi Party leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17526844", "title": "Kishanganj AMU centre to start session next year", "text": "PATNA: The Kishanganj centre of Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) is all set to get functional from 2013-14 session. The university is preparing detailed project report and feasibility report to be sent to the Union HRD ministry, which would place them before the expenditure finance committee of the Union finance ministry for the grant of funds.AMU vice-chancellor Lt Gen (Retd) Zameer Uddin Shah gave an assurance to this effect to a Delhi-based NGO, Human Chain, which has taken up cudgels in the past for the AMU centre in the state. The VC said once token grant is received from the Union finance ministry, construction work would be started on over 222 acres of land.Till the time the required infrastructure is ready at the proposed site, the centre would start with few courses, like diploma in engineering at rented buildings.The varsity will also start nursery, primary and middle schools. The buildings will have to be provided at Kishanganj by the Bihar government. Shah added, \"The centre is going to be a great boon for the economically and educationally backward areas in and around Kishanganj.\"The VC added the university would write to Bihar government seeking support for connecting roads, including the state highway, to the university campus. He, however, clarified that apart from this, all other cost of construction within the premises would be borne by the university.The varsity got President's assent in October this year for the AMU centre, though a legal battle in the Supreme Court is still on as objection was taken to the Kishanganj centre under Section 5 of the Aligarh Muslim University Act, which allows opening up of the varsity centre only within a radius of 25km of the university.However, Section 12 of the Act provides powers to AMU's Visitor, the President of the country, for running such centres elsewhere. The apex court has not stayed the opening of the centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "17528589", "title": "English teachers' conference to focus on methodology", "text": "BIJAPUR: The district English Teachers' Forum has organized a two-day conference for English teachers of aided, unaided, government, Kittur Channamma, Kasturba and Moraji Desai residential schools on December 8 and 9 at Kandagal Hanumantaraya ranga mandir here.Forum president YM Chowdhari and subject inspector CA Rudragoudar said experts from Bangalore, Mysore, Chitradurga and Dharwad will interact with the teachers on teaching and learning English as a second language.GS Mudambadithaya, co-ordinator of curriculum revision and text book preparation, ELT experts PN Srinath, G Narendranath, KN Krishnaprasad, Ms Afroza , CL Eknath, S M Hemantaraju and T Santosh will impart training to the teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17526605", "title": "Building violations put colleges in a fix", "text": "CHENNAI: Professional colleges are heading for a stand-off with the state as the latter turns the screws on institutions that have violated building development rules.The directorate of town and country planning (DTCP), sent notices to about 2,400 colleges recently to submit approved plans of their buildings and asked them to surrender OSR land (open space reservation or area allocated for parks on their campuses).Only 85 colleges have obtained approval for their buildings and ten have submitted plans seeking approval on receipt of DTCP notices in the last two months.Most colleges which had not bothered to get their buildings approved by the regulatory agencies for almost two decades have also not surrendered OSR lands to the local bodies, though rules stipulate that 10% of the total land area should be earmarked for public purposes. Going by the current land values in the state, the net worth of OSR lands for which the DTCP has staked claim will be several thousand crores.There is no contiguous stretch of land that can be earmarked for OSR in most colleges because of haphazard planning and construction. While the DTCP has asked colleges to pay the guideline value of OSR land if they don't surrender land, managements have sought exemption from surrendering the land and paying penalty.\"Since development regulations of the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA) gives exemption to colleges from surrendering OSR land to local bodies, colleges functioning in DTCP limits should also be given the relaxation,\" said the chairman of a private college.However, as per DTCP development control rules, no such exemption can be given. An official said, \"Colleges in CMDA limits were given exemption because of the high cost of land in the city. Only the state government has the authority to decide on similar exemptions in DTCP limits.\"Apart from staking claim over OSR land, DTCP has also asked colleges to remit infrastructure and amenities charges, collected for providing support infrastructure. Though many colleges were constructed before the introduction of amenities charges in 2007, they will have to pay up as they are seeking building approvals only now. Amenities charges range from 19 per sqft to 37 per sqft. Even going by a conservative estimate, colleges may have to collectively pay about 300 crore towards this levy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17527813", "title": "Mystery luxury yacht found off Maharashtra coast", "text": "MUMBAi: A luxury yacht was found abandoned, around 1.2 nautical miles from the Gateway of India coast, on Friday evening.The police received a tip-off that the yacht was registered in Malaysia. While the cops were yet to verify the reports, the fact that a foreign vessel was found floating so close to vital installations without an alarm being raised among security agencies could pour cold water on the claims of terror preparedness.\"We received information that parties were being organized on a yacht called Cunning Plan illegally, but are yet to verify it. A police team was immediately sent to conduct a check, but nobody was found on the yacht. Not even an attendant was present,\" said additional commissioner (south region) Krishna Prakash.The Yellow Gate police said they were checking the vessel for documents, if it had security clearances and who the owner was. The navy and the coast guard, too, were informed and security was beefed up. The crime branch is also probing the matter. \"There is no security threat. Once the owner is traced and if the paperwork is found lacking, he will be fined,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17526992", "title": "Discom revenues cross 1k cr mark", "text": "GURGAON: After a loss-making string lasting several years, power discom DHBVN has finally posted a considerable growth in its revenues. According to the discom officials, the corporation's monthly revenue collected during November saw an increase of more than 36%, with Gurgaon generating most of it.Amount collected from within the Gurgaon operational circle came to over Rs 222 crore, while the overall collection throughout the state crossed the Rs 1,000-crore mark for the first time. \"There has been an increase of 36.46% in the November month's revenue collection. It's a net increase of Rs 268 crore. The total amount collected in April this year was Rs 735 crore, and the amount collected in November was Rs 1003 crore, against sale of power,\" an official said. Revenue generation for October was Rs 991 crore, the official added.The discom reported that power consumption in the region reduced considerably after July and August, when industrial and domestic demand peaked. \"During July and August, power consumption was maximum. Thereafter it reduced as the demand in domestic and agriculture sectors went down. The revenue collection, which was Rs 909 crore in July and 905 crore in August has increased by nearly Rs 100 crore during November,\" the official said.This is good news for both the distribution companies (DHBVN &amp; UHBVN) supplying power in the state, which, according to previous reports, have incurred accumulated losses of over Rs 8,800 crore. \"Over the next six months, extensive plans have been prepared to undertake capital expenditure for strengthening of distribution infrastructure in rural and urban areas to ensure reliable supply,\" said an another official, adding that a new drive to cut line losses and curb pilferage is also underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17526102", "title": "Bebeto recalls great tango with Romario", "text": "KOLKATA: They say strikers hunt in pairs. And, if one is to compile a list of famous strike-partnerships in the history of football, the Romario-Bebeto combination is bound to feature prominently, for they played a big role in Brazil's World Cup triumph in 1994.Bebeto, who arrived in the city on Friday morning to play an exhibition match for the Brazilian Masters side against IFA All Stars XI at the Salt Lake Stadium on Saturday, reminisced about their great association and heaped praise on Romario.\"It was a perfect partnership and Romario was a great partner. It was truly a great experience to play together and score so many goals and win trophies for the national side. It was a pleasure to partner Romario up front,\" said Bebeto.The discussion invariably veered towards his famous goal celebration in the 1994 World Cup after scoring against Holland in the quarterfinal when he and his teammates enacted \"rocking a baby\". That celebration was inspired by the birth of his baby boy. He and his wife named him Matheus, who now plays for Flamengo's youth team and has also been picked for Brazil U-20 squad. \"My wife had given birth to a baby on July 7, 1994 and my goal-celebration was on 9th,\" he said, adding it will not be long before his son celebrates similarly.Bebeto did some plain talking about Neymar. \"He is a quality player and is very talented. But, he has a long way to go,\" the 48-year old added.Messi is the best now: JuninhoThe football world may be sharply divided over the Lionel Messi versus Cristiano Ronaldo debate, but ask Juninho Paulista, popularly known as Juninho, and the Brazilian is quick to pick the Argentine genius.\"Messi is the best now, he is so skillful. He will surely break Gerd Muller's record (of scoring maximum goals for club and country in a calendar year) and should set many more records,\" said Juninho, one of the few in the Brazil Masters side who speaks fluent English. \"At Barcelona, Messi has players like Xavi and Iniesta, but he still stands out.\"The 2014 World Cup will be held in Brazil and, barring any big upset, the Messi-led Argentina side will be playing there. How will he be received there? \"I can tell you that Brazilians respect and enjoy great footballers and it will be the same with Messi. Probably a little less if he is playing against Brazil,\" he added with a smile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17527996", "title": "Man kills 'fiancee' in rented room, absconding", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A semi-decomposed body of young woman was recovered from a rented room in Anchleshwar on Friday evening. Deceased Seema Shah (25) was apparently killed by hitting her in the head. Police sources claimed that a week ago a person, claiming to be an employee of irrigation department, had taken on rent a terrace room in Nirmala Zode's residence in Anchleshwar. The tenant, whose name the landlady does not remember now, had paid 500 as advance.Zode, however, remembers seeing the deceased visiting the tenant a few times at his room. The tenant had claimed that the girl was his fiancee working in the same office and both are going to be married soon. The tenant had gone out since couple of days and his room was locked.After the landlady started smelling foul odour from the room on Friday, she called the police. Cops broke open the door and found a decomposing body. The crime scene suggested that the killer had smashed the victim's head with some hard object killing her on the spot.Investigators identified the victim as Seema and her parents, who lived in Bangali Camp locality, had filed her missing complaint with Ramnagar police. \"As details in the complaint matched with the victim, we summoned her parents, who identified her. Accused apparently killed her two days back and went out locking his room,\" said SDPO Raju Bhujbal.\"The tenant is a major suspect, but we are yet to conjure more details about him from his belongings in the room,\" said Bhujbal. City police has registered a case of murder against the unidentified accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17527010", "title": "Five Pratibha sailors allowed to go home", "text": "CHENNAI: Taking into account the danger the sailors face on board oil tanker Pratibha Cauvery, the Mercantile Marine Department (MMD) on Friday issued permission to five of them to leave the ship.Officials said MMD cancelled the manning provision \u00e2\u20ac\u201d ships must also have crew to man a ship even when it is docked \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as it has been declared unsafe and is berthed at Chennai port with an expired classification status. The MMD on Friday sent a letter to the immi- gration department clarifying its decision. The immigration department had approved for 12 new crew members to board the vessel after it was salvaged.A senior port official said five crew members, including the captain, had been relieved of their duties. \"A chief engineer reportedly escaped from the vessel two days ago. Another sailor was relieved last week due to ill health,\" said the port official.The vessel has become a burden for the port, officials said. The port has filed a criminal complaint against the owner of the ship, Sunil Pawar, and Smith International.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "lucknow/bahraich", "code": "17527602", "title": "Fire in fuel-laden goods train disrupts movement", "text": "Lucknow/BAHRAICH: Fifteen wagons of a goods train carrying kerosene caught fire between Jarwal and Saryu railway stations near Bahraich on Friday morning, throwing rail traffic out of gear on the Lucknow-Gorakhpur route. Sixteen wagons of the train derailed and 15 of them caught fire, said Northern Eastern Railway PRO Alok Srivastava. The train was carrying petroleum products to Gonda.While, the movement on the Upline was restored by 10 pm, trains started moving on the Downline by Friday midnight.There were, however, no casualties. Srivastava said that railway employees detached the 31 other wagons of the train.Train's driver, however, was injured while trying to escape the mishap. He was rushed to a nearby hospital which his condition was stated to be out of danger.About 150 metres long track on the down line and 50 metres on the up line was damaged due to the fire, Srivastav said. NER general manger B Ramachandran has ordered an inquiry in the mishap. Senior railway officials rushed to the spot, he said, adding that the loss was estimated to be in crores of rupees.The cause of the accident was not known. \"The effort right now is to restore the traffic on the route,\" said Srivastava. Though railways denied rail-fracture behind the accident, sources did not rule out poor maintenance of the track for the accident.\"Rail fracture cannot be ruled out given the fluctuation in day and night temperatures,\" said an official.At least half a dozen train derailments have occurred this year in Uttar Pradesh, with some resulting in loss of lives. Though railways claims giving stress on safe running of trains, sources in the mechanical department say maintenance rules are often by-passed.\"Reason could be the shortage of coaches and wagons kept as maintenance spares, or the effort to save the running hours,\" said sources. The BTPN Tank Wagon goods train, which derailed in Bahraich on Friday, has a larger wheel-base. Even a slight curve in track can leads to its derailment. \"In many such derailments, 'twist (in the track) in combination with the larger wheel base of the rolling stock' is the cause of derailment.The train had 49 wagons and railway staff had to detach 31 wagons to control the fire. The movement of trains was expected to be restored by Friday night.There are separate norms for maintenance of a goods trains. Such trains are put through intensive, premium and a closed circuit rake check at different points of time, depending on the route kilometres that the train has run for. But, sources say, the norms are often ignored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17529108", "title": "Congress not to reveal Telangana stand: Botsa", "text": "Hyderabad:Virtually making a mockery of the all-party-meeting on Telangana that has been proposed by it, albeit under pressure from its own MPs from the region, the Congress says it will not reveal its stand on the separate state demand, but instead use the meeting to elicit the views of other parties.That this would be the approach of the Congress became clear on a day when PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana told the media that he and chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy have requested AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad to put off the all-party meeting scheduled for December 28 as it would clash with the three-day World Telugu Conference slated to be held in Tirupati from December 27 to 29. \"In view of these developments, it is clear that the all-party meeting is doomed even before it could be held,\" said a Congress leader. PCC chief Botsa told the media on Friday that the all-party meeting is meant to elicit the views of other parties.\"The Congress need not tell its views on the subject. Since we are the ruling party, we will take a decision based on the views of other parties,\" he said. \"The Congress is like the patriarch of the family, which elicits opinions of other members of the family before taking a decision. The Congress is the biggest party and is in power and would take a call on what stand it should take after other parties make clear their views on Telangana ,\" the PCC chief said.The development came even as CPM state secretary B V Raghavalu wrote to Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde demanding that the Congress should reveal its stance on the separate state demand much before December 28 if the all-party meeting has to have any purpose.Of the recognized political parties in the state, the Congress is one of the four that has not revealed its stand on the creation of Telangana, the others being Telugu Desam, MIM and YSR Congress. The TRS, BJP and CPI have declared themselves in favour of Telangana while the CPM is opposing it.The last all-party meeting was held on January 6, 2011, which was boycotted by the TDP, TRS and BJP. At that meeting, then home minister P Chidambaram handed over copies of the Justice Srikrishna Committee report and asked political parties to come prepared for the next round of all-party meeting, which never saw the light of day.Thus the next all-party meeting is likely to be a disaster like the previous ones with the Congress refusing to reveal its stand and the BJP, TRS and YSR Congress describing the meeting as unnecessary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17527894", "title": "Dombivli murder: 35 witnesses saw \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcnothing\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "KALYAN: The probe into the murder of Santosh Vichivara (19), who was killed by five teenagers in Dombivli for protesting against eve-teasing, has again highlighted a disturbing fact\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe reluctance of ordinary citizens to speak up.Santosh was assaulted and stabbed in the presence of around 30 to 35 people outside the gate of his housing complex, but not one of them went to his aid. Neither have they come forward to record their statements as eyewitnesses. Police said they have recorded the statements of seven people, including family members and relatives of the deceased, and feel they have sufficient evidence to prove the involvement of the five in the case. However, they added, the case would be strengthened immensely if more eyewitnesses were to come forward with their statements.Police sources claimed that while they know some of the people who were present at the spot at the time of the incident, the latter are denying their presence to \"avoid getting into trouble\".So far statements of only three eyewitnesses have been recorded, which include the girl who was targeted by the accused, Jayantilal Gada, who was injured while trying to help Santosh, and another person from the area (name withheld on request).Talking to TOI, the girl said while there were around 30-35 people outside the gate of the Navneet Nagar complex when the five boys first started manhandling Santosh for daring to resist them, none stepped forward to help him. She then rushed inside the complex asking people for help but by the time they reached the spot, the accused had already stabbed Santosh. His assailants used the same knife to injure Gada (50), who was among the first people from the complex to arrive at the spot to help Santosh.The Kutchi Jain Foundation, which constructed the complex of around 500 flats, is believed to be building another 3,500 flats in the complex by next year. The complex has been occupied for two years now. Residents, wary of another such incident, have now decided to approach the Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Transport to start bus services till their complex as people currently have to walk around half a kilometre before they can board a private bus.Manoj Gosar, committee member from Navneet Nagar complex, said, \"People have to walk around half a kilometre in an area where miscreants routinely stand and pass lewd comments at women. On the day of the incident too, Santosh and the girl were walking down the stretch when the miscreants targeted the girl. Such incidents can be averted if the KDMT operates bus services up to the complex.\"TIMES VIEW: Silence reveals sense of insecurityThe silence is an indication of the extent of insecurity among ordinary people. The flip-flop over the girl's statement was another. It's unfortunate that a crime happening in front of so many people \u00e2\u20ac\u201d actually, an open-and-shut case \u00e2\u20ac\u201d should go through so much even before the case has reached the court. Cops should now take this case to its logical conclusion. This case, just like the Amboli murders, has provoked immense public outrage and Mumbaikars - along with Santosh Vichivara's family - would like to see justice being done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17526535", "title": "Filling a gap in our cultural calendar", "text": "Close to the arched entrance of the Bangalore Literature Festival stood an installation from which popular first lines of books and poems, penned by enthusiastic visitors, were hung. The idea of the opening line was stirred by Joseph Heller's, 'It was love at first sight' from his novel Catch-22.While not everyone put down first lines, which was the theme as was Namma Bengaluru's inaugural litfest, there were plenty of lines blowing in the late-evening breeze. Old favourites like Margret Mitchell's 'Scarlett O'Hara was not beautiful, but men seldom realized it when caught by her charm as the Tarleton twins were', from Gone With The Wind, cropped up more than once.It set the tone for the evening where people lounged on garden chairs, relaxing with their favourite beverage as they listened to words of appreciation in Kannada, Hindi and English from the men on the dais -- poet - lyricist Gulzar and Jnanpith awardee U R Ananthamurthy -- among others. Gulzar was apologetic for not being able to deliver his speech in Kannada, while Ananthamurthy lauded the 1000-year-old tradition of Kannada literature, switching to English every now and then so that his friend Gulzar could understand what he was saying.The question of whether Bangalore needed a literary festival came up for discussion more than once. Author Sashi Deshpande said, \"At first I thought, 'Do we need another literary festival?' Then, the more I interacted with the organizers I thought, \"Why not a literary festival in Bangalore?\" Festiva founder Vikram Sampath put it simply, \"BLF fills the gap in our cultural calender. Long before the IT revolution swept us off our feet, we were a city of thinkers, writers and poets.\"With the winter sun at its radiant best, the lawns of the Jayamahal Palace saw a dazzling array of saris __ silks, chiffons and heavy cottons __ in a kaleidoscopic range of colours. The crowd was a lively mix of the fresh and the seasoned. While most of the male gathering turned out in formal attire of one kind or the other, jeans was the popular choice among college-going girls. The denims were paired with statement tees or tunics. There was the odd ill-fitted dress too, but mostly it was an evening of classic choices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17528030", "title": "Satish Chaturvedi's personal security officer collapses at public function, dies", "text": "NAGPUR: A personal security officer (PSO) of former state minister Satish Chaturvedi was declared brought dead at a private hospital after he collapsed at a public programme on Thursday, where the senior politician was delivering speeches.Head constable Sunil Baghel, 45, attached to special protection unit (SPU) is thought to have suffered a cardiac arrest. Baghel, a native of Gadchiroli district, was standing behind Chaturvedi when he suffered the attack. Onlookers immediately picked up Baghel and rushed him to medical assistance.Baghel's body was sent for post mortem at Government Medical College and Hospital. Sakkardara police station has registered a case of accidental death.It is learnt that Baghel's only daughter Raksha performed the last rites at Mankapur crematorium, where the police department also accorded him an honour through a salute.In a separate incident, head constable Santosh Thakur, 38, was found dead at his official residence at Police Line Takli on Thursday morning. Thakur, attached to headquarters, had been absent from work for the last couple of days. Thakur was in his underclothes when police reached the place after being alerted by neighbours, who saw the cop lying motionless on his bed with the door left open.It is learnt that Thakur had been staying alone for the last few days, after wife Poonam left home following a domestic feud. It is learnt that a mobile phone was also found beside Thakur. Sources also claim that empty liquor bottles were found in the room.Police station source said Thakur has been suspended for long for indiscipline. Thakur was said to be an alcohol addict and often stayed away from work. Thakur's body was sent for post mortem at Mayo hospital by Gittikhadan police, who have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "sahnewal airport", "code": "17527156", "title": "Winter won\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t fog flight schedule", "text": "SAHNEWAL AIRPORT: Winter will not fog your flight schedule. The air travel between the city and Delhi is expected to get regular, with the Airports Authority of India (AAI) making Doppler Very High Frequency Omni-Directional Range (DVOR) functional within 10 days.After the DVOR becomes operational, a flight will be able to take off or land even when the visibility is about 2,500 metres. At present, the visibility requirement is 5,000 metres. Besides, the lone airline operational here, Air India, has changed the landing time from 12.45pm to 1.45pm to check flights from getting affected by fog.Sources in AAI said, \"Though DVOR has been installed, it is yet to be made operational. An approach landing procedure (ALP) has been sent to Air India. Its check pilot has already approved it. AI will pass it on to AAI to make DVOR functional.\"Sources in Air India said, \"To check flight cancellation and delay, the airline had some days ago delayed the flight arrival from Delhi to Ludhiana by an hour. Increase in flight frequency will enhance the confidence of fliers and subsequently, the rush.\"Sahnewal airport manager V P Jain said, \"We are awaiting approval to approach landing procedure... it might take a week or 10 days. And following it, DVOR will become functional.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527397", "title": "Get real and don\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t legislate something that can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t be enforced: Cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Get real and don't legislate something that can't be enforced. This is what the country's top traffic policemen have suggested to legislators who are bringing in a law that bans the use of a range of devices under the ambit of 'mobile phone' while driving.The Motor Vehicle Amendment Bill proposes to impose fines on drivers caught using any hand-held or hands-free device, or any gadget capable of transmitting or receiving signs, images or sounds. All such gadgets, which would include GPS navigation devices and iPods, have been lumped under the definition of 'mobile phone' in the draft law pending in the Lok Sabha.Pointing to difficulties in enforcement, senior police offiers have asked the government to reconsider passing such a complicated piece of legislation.Proving drivers' guilt will be tough\"How do you know whether a driver is speaking on a speaker phone or is actually talking to a co-passenger? Proving guilt would be very difficult,\" said Anil Rao, a Gurgaon police joint commissioner.According to the Motor Vehicle Amendment Bill currently pending in the Lok Sabha, anyone caught using a mobile phone while driving would be punished with a Rs 500 fine for the first offence. Habitual offenders can be convicted under 183A of the MV Act and the fines would incrementally rise to Rs 2,000 and Rs 5,000.The officers had gathered for a three-day workshop organized by the Bureau of Police Research &amp; Development, the training and research wing of home ministry. Top police officials came from states such as Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Haryana, Karnataka and Jharkhand.\"Many traffic legislations in our country cannot be implemented and there is huge confusion. A simply written and well defined law helps a lot in implementation,\" Rohit Baluja, a road safety expert and president of Institute of Road Traffic Education (IRTE), said.Citing the case of the United Kingdom, which brought only handheld devices under the mobile phone category after a long debate, a former Essex Police officer, Trevor Hall, said, \"We decided to restrict the law to just hand-held devices since the chances of accident and diversion of driver's attention is more during its use. Law must be made so that they can be enforced.\" Hall is an advisor to the International Association of Chief Police Officers. Former Indian home secretary G K Pillai, who was chairing a discussion, on this supported the view.The road transport and highways ministry is now in a fix. It has been pushing for the passage of the proposed amendment to the MV Act, which is caught in the Lok Sabha after it was passed in Rajya Sabha. Any change in the proposal at this stage would mean the government would have to get it passed again in the upper House. The road ministry feels the present bill should be passed to restrict the use of mobile phones by drivers.Times ViewThe senior police officials are echoing what this newspaper has for long argued. We have repeatedly said that enacting laws or framing rules that can't be enforced is not merely meaningless, it is dangerous. That is because a law that can't be enforced will be routinely flouted and when laws are repeatedly violated we breed a culture of contempt for the law. The same logic applies to unreasonable laws. It is on these grounds that we have in the past suggested that speed limits imposed on our roads need to be reviewed because they are unreasonable and hence unlikely to be adhered to by most people. Legislators and those who frame rules should sit down and carefully review existing laws and regulations to see how many such unrealistic stipulations there are and weed them out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mysore/mandya", "code": "17529266", "title": "Protests erupt, bandh in Mandya today", "text": "MYSORE/MANDYA: Protests erupted in the Cauvery belt on Friday following the release of water to Tamil Nadu late Thursday. Former MP G Made Gowda, who is spearheading the Cauvery farmers' agitation, has given a call for Mandya bandh on Saturday.He said the bandh is to pressurize the Union government in taking an impartial decision and to draw the attention of the Supreme Court to the ground realities in Cauvery basin districts in Karnataka.Made Gowda was arrested when he tried to gatecrash into the deputy commissioner's office in Mandya. He was later released.There were no incidents of violence where the situation continues to be tense given that Mandya district will observe a bandh on Saturday and the farmer leaders have called for a jail bharo agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17528132", "title": "PMC awaits Centre's policy on higher FSI", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) development plans for the old and newly-merged city areas could go for drastic changes if the central government issues a formal directive on increasing floor space index (FSI).Ajay Maken , Union minister of housing and urban poverty alleviation, said in New Delhi on Thursday that the central government will take up the FSI issue vigorously with the state governments and municipal corporations to ease restrictions on it and population density norms.\"Higher FSI and population density norms are environmental friendly, energy efficient and allow people to live near their workplace,\" Maken said, and added that higher FSI and population density norms are the order of smart cities and should be implemented.\"If the central government goes ahead with free or higher FSI concepts, cities like Pune will definitely benefit,\" said a PMC official. The development plan for the old and merged areas of the city will be altered as per the new norms, the official added.With over 57.39 lakh city-dwellers, urbanisation in Pune district is among the highest in the state, shows the recently released provisional Census 2011 data. The data also shows that, in the district, 60.88 per cent people are concentrated in urban areas, up from 58.08 per cent in 2001.\"Of the total 243.84 sq km area of Pune city, about 42 per cent is used for residential purposes and 13.61 per cent for basic infrastructure and traffic. The city is spreading to nearby villages and eating into agriculture land. This has resulted in environmental degradation and has affected farming. The land is under tremendous pressure and is leading to encroachments on hilltops and slopes,\" observes the PMC's Environment Status Report for 2011-2012. The report also expresses concern about unavailability of affordable housing for the poor in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17526606", "title": "Courier firm asked to pay Rs 25,022 compensation", "text": "MADURAI: The District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum here has asked a courier company to pay a compensation of Rs 25,022 to a customer for failing to deliver a mail to the addressee.P Deivaraj, forum president, and N Thilagam, member, issued the direction after hearing the grievance of A Nagarathinam, who claimed that his daughter's wedding had to be called off, and he had to suffer mental agony and hospitalisation due to the negligent service of the courier firm.Nagarathinam said he had sent the mail containing his daughter's horoscope and photograph to the family of a prospective marriage alliance in Coimbatore through The Professional Couriers on January 7, 2011, paying Rs 22, but the post did not reach the groom's family. The courier firm officials gave an \"inconsiderate\" reply when he enquired about the status of delivery.The groom's family called off the marriage alliance because the post did not reach them, he said.He then sent a legal notice on January 14, 2011, to the courier firm seeking a compensation of Rs 1 lakh for its deficient service. But they did not respond. Hence he moved the forum. The firm abstained from hearing in the forum also. The forum held that the litigant was just in his claim and directed The Professional Couriers to pay Rs 20,000 compensation for deficient service and Rs 5,000 towards court expenses to Nagarathinam. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17528039", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation officials to lose vehicles on session's first day", "text": "NAGPUR: With two days remaining for the winter session, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is facing a big problem. The private agencies providing official vehicles to 80-100 NMC officials have decided to stop vehicle service from December 10, which happens to be the first day of the winter session.A delegation of vehicle agents gave a memorandum to additional municipal commissioner Hemant Pawar on Friday. Giving details of their problems, vehicle agent Subhash Ghate told TOI NMC is responsible for the entire mess.\"Vehicle agents were given work order on July 20, 2010. The contract period came to an end in July 2012. Fresh tender to appoint agents was called and opened on September 1 this year. In the meanwhile, the old contract was first extended to August and then September. But, NMC has failed to issue work orders to the qualified agents in the fresh tenders till date, despite regular follow-ups. The old work order was again extended to November, but not revised after that. Thus, the work order is invalid in December. Still, agents have been providing service to ensure no problems in civic services. But we will not continue as we are facing a huge loss,\" he said.Ghate added that prices of petrol, diesel and payments of drivers have increased to a great extent in these two years. \"Agents are incurring huge loss everyday, still fresh work orders not being given due to negotiations being carried out to reduce the fresh bids. Petrol prices increased to Rs79 per litre from Rs47 since 2010. Similarly, prices of diesel increased to Rs57 from Rs34. How can the agents provide services at the old rates,\" he questioned.NMC is faced with a big problem if the services come to a halt on December 10. The agents have selected this day to force NMC to act fast on their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17529095", "title": "Facebook post lands Netflix CEO in spot", "text": "Netflix and chief executive officer Reed Hastings said they may face a US Securities and Exchange Commission civil claim over a July Facebook post that coincided with the stock's biggest gain in almost six weeks.SEC staff alleges Netflix and its CEO violated rules governing selective disclosure, according to a company filing on Thursday.The July 3 post by Hastings said Netflix viewing \"exceeded 1 billion hours\" of videos in June. The shares rose 6.2 percent that day.The SEC action highlights the potential for legal trouble when company executives like Hastings, who has more than 200,000 Facebook fans, communicate with the public via social media. Regulation Fair Disclosure , aimed at preventing selective reporting, was passed by the SEC in 2000, before the use of social- media outlets exploded.\"This may be a case when the SEC needs to play catch-up ,\" said Charley Moore, executive chairman and founder of San Francisco-based online legal services firm Rocket Lawyer.\"Disclosing information to 200,000-plus Facebook users is basically the same as issuing a press release .\" Regulation FD requires public disclosure, such as through a press release on a widely disseminated news or wire service, or by \"any other non-exclusionary method\" that provides broad public access.In June, Hastings had posted on his company blog that members were viewing \"nearly a billion hours per month.\" With neither the June blog post nor the July Facebook post did he issue a press release or an 8-K filing with the SEC.\"We think the fact of 1 billion hours of viewing in June was not 'material' to investors, and we had blogged a few weeks before that we were serving nearly 1 billion hours per month,\" Hastings said in the filing . \"We remain optimistic this can be cleared up quickly through the SEC's review process.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17527943", "title": "CBSE to send papers for mandatory test a week before", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) will be sending the question papers of the mandatory Problem Solving Assessment (PSA) for std IX and XI students a week before the test, which will be conducted in January.In earlier years, the PSA was an optional test which students took to gauge their quantitative and qualitative skills. From January 2013, this test turns mandatory and its marks will be included in the marking scheme of Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) system for std IX in its formative assessment. Since the CCE pattern does not apply to std XI students, they shall be given a certificate with their scores mentioned.It is important for std IX students to note that their score will be reflected in one language (English/Hindi), mathematics, science and social science.Unlike in the past, students will not be required to do separate registration as the board has taken into account the numbers from the enrolment data sent by schools. \"Students already registered for class IX and XI with the board are eligible for this test and will use same registration number for PSA. There is no separate roll number required for this purpose,\" a notification from CBSE said.Since the test will be in a multiple choice questions (MCQ) format, the quantity of question papers to be sent by CBSE will be in accordance with total number of students registered. A special OMR answer sheet will be included in the booklet.The board has clarified that there will be a common question paper for std XI students irrespective of their stream - science, commerce or humanities. \"There will be a single question paper covering qualitative reasoning, quantitative reasoning and language conventions,\" the notification added.The test will focus on three specific areas - quantitative reasoning, qualitative reasoning and language conventions.Quantitative reasoning will include reasoning seen in the Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences subjects. Qualitative reasoning will include reasoning seen in mathematics and science. Language conventions will include different aspects of written communication (e.g. grammar, vocabulary etc)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531434", "title": "Priya Mani turns princess", "text": "After a hiatus, Priya Mani is back in Tollywood with a film titled Angulika, in which she will play a 14th century princess.The actress reportedly said, \"Even as an actor does a number of films, he or she is remembered only for a few roles.\" She also added that this role that would be etched in the minds of the audiences and that it would fetch her a name, just like Anushka got appreciation for Arundhati .The actress was also in praise of the director of the film, Prem, who is making his debut with the project. She said that the debutante had come up with an excellent script and a great role for her.Priya Mani's last release in Tamil was Chaarulatha , in which she played conjoined twins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17530079", "title": "Old 'friends' Ranbir-Nargis reunite in an elevator", "text": "In the last week of November, while Shakun Batra was busy showcasing his short film Strangers In The Night at a suburban five star, an old 'friendship' was being rekindled in the hotel's elevator.Once rumoured to be lovers, Ranbir Kapoor and Nargis Fakhri were spotted making their way upstairs where the rooms are located in the hotel.An eyewitness told us, \"The short film festival was going on and there were loads of celebrities in the premises. Karan Johar was there. And so was Imran Khan. While others were busy in the show, Ranbir and Nargis remained aloof. They in fact left the gathering and took the lift upstairs towards the rooms.\"For those who came in late, Ranbir and Nargis were rumoured to be rather 'close' during the making of Rockstar. In fact, Ranbir along with his close friend Ayan Mukerji had kept Nargis company, when she was new to the city. However, following several reports about their growing affection, Ranbir had distanced himself from Nargis.Nargis too had moved on. After being spotted with Ness Wadia at KJo's 40th bash, the actress had reportedly become rather 'close' to Uday Chopra.Insiders say that she had even met the parents - Yash and Pamela Chopra once. And when the YRF scion passed away, she had stuck to Uday's side. Their affectionate banter on social networking sites did not go unnoticed either.Ranbir in the meantime, in between his rather busy schedule has been spotted taking Katrina Kaif out on movie dates.Needless to say, old 'friends' Ranbir and Nargis had a lot to catch up. And well, the confines of an elevator or a room are more personal than a social networking portal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17527120", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcJalebi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 seller piles \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcunpaid bill\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 blame on admninistration", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Gorging on \"jalebis\" without paying the price. According to owner of Lala Maturam's halwai, a sweetshop associated with the crafts mela for long, he will not participate in the event from next year because the bills the administration incurred in the second and third craft mela have not been cleared.Gohana-based sweetshop owner Neeraj Gupta said the administration asked him to set up a stall in the first crafts mela in 2009 and he received good response from the people. He said the administration issued slips for the jalebis and after the mela he submitted the bills along with the slips. The money was reimbursed.In the second crafts mela however, Gupta said they sold jalebis worth Rs 20,000 but did not receive payment. In the third mela also the jalebis were given on slips instead of cash. The bill generated was of Rs 20,000 again. \"I have sent bills for Rs 40,000 to the administration. It has been several months but no one has cleared the bill,\" he said, adding that he sold jalebis for cash instead of giving them against slips. From next year, Gupta said he will not participate in the mela. \"We have not earned anything because the bills have not been cleared,\" Neeraj said.Gupta was also resentful about the administration bringing in another participant to sell \"jalebis.\" All stalls at the mela are of exclusively one dish, be it Gujarati, Goan or Rajasthani.According to Gupta, the administration brought in another participant because he asked for the bill payment.One piece of the rather huge \"jalebi,\" fried in \"desi ghee\", is priced Rs 60.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17528428", "title": "Temple tourism project hits a roadblock", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Lokanarkvu temple tourism project, which was launched in 2011, has hit a roadblock due to the delay in fund distribution. The project was introduced with an aim to attract more domestic as well as foreign tourists to the temple that is famous for its connection with the heroes of 'Vadakkan pattu'.Though the estimated cost of the project was Rs 1.25 crore, the tourism department dispensed only Rs 65 lakh to the public works department for the work. \"The contractor, who was entrusted with the work stopped the work in midway as the PWD failed to distribute him the amount,\" said Kuttiadi MLA K K Lathika.Though the construction of road connecting Vadakara railway station and Lokanarkavu had already been completed, the construction of a Kalari facilitation centre attached to the temple was stopped midway. Construction of conference hall and tourist home also were stopped owing to fund crunch.\"A request has already been submitted to the tourism minister to release the remaining fund,\" said Lathika.\"The delay in the completion of works will increase the expense as the cost of construction materials is increasing day by day. The issue will be presented in the next assembly session,\" she said.She also criticized the apathy of the UDF government that delayed the work, which was initiated during the tenure of the LDF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17528121", "title": "Australians allege molestation at Anjuna", "text": "MAPUSA: Two Australian tourists have alleged that they were molested at Anjuna beach on Thursday evening. Police said that while the tourists, both aged 24 years, were walking along the stretch between the Baga and Anjuna beaches, unknown persons allegedly misbehaved with them. The incident took place between 2.30pm and4.15pm.The women told police that while they were walking along the beach, one person suddenly tried to touch them. The tourists pushed him aside and rushed from the site to escape. After they had walked for about 15 minutes ahead, three boys in the age group of 10 -16 years cornered them and physically touched them again. The women managed to break free and ran in search of help. They reached the lifeguard jeep and related the incident to the lifeguards and police who were also present.Police gave the culprits a chase but it was futile. The victims, both residing at a guest house in Calangute, later approached the Anjuna police station. The women complained that four unknown persons with a common intention wrongfully restrained them and outraged their modesty while they were walking on the beach. A case of molestation was registered by police against the unknown persons. The medical examination of the victims could not be conducted as they refused it, sources said. Police on Friday rounded up some suspects but there was no headway in the case. Anjuna PI Vishwesh Karpe is further investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17527998", "title": "Anandam City gets Maharashtra Pollution Control Board notice for building illegal floors", "text": "NAGPUR: Soon after a mishap claimed two workers, there's more trouble ahead for the developers of Anandam City township coming up on Model Mills land.The Raipur-based company, M/s Gold Brick Infrastructure Limited, which has roped in Godrej Realty as a joint venture partner, got a notice on Friday from Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB). They have been issued the notice for building floors beyond the sanctioned limit.The notice says as against a sanction of 15 floors at the most for 17 towers proposed in the complex, the builders have constructed 19 floors, apart from the basement and stilt in four towers. However, the builders are now constructing only 14 towers in all. Apart from this, construction of sewage treatment and water treatment plant has not begun even as work on the rest of the buildings has already started, observed MPCB.The notice has been issued on the basis of a complaint filed by RTI activist Bhola Baisware and Kamlesh Shah. MPCB has sought a reply as to why action should not taken against the builder for violation of rules governing hazardous water management and Environment Protection Act. The builder has to submit a reply within 10 days.An official from Godrej Realty said the company has not flouted any rule and has submitted all relevant documents to MPCB. However, a senior official at MPCB said that no reply has been received so far.The builders had purchased the land owned by defunct Model Mills though an auction held by National Textile Corporation for Rs164 crore in 2007, making it one of the biggest realty deals of the city. A year ago, Godrej Realty was roped in as a joint venture partner.Shah, on the basis of whose complaints MPCB sent the notice, contends that the builder may be relying on an approval by the town planning department of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), but MPCB's clearance comes first. The floors cannot be increased unless the pollution regulator allows them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17531316", "title": "Women vulnerable to human rights violation: Meghalaya governor", "text": "SHILLONG: Meghalaya governor R S Mooshahary on Friday categorized women, senior-citizens and children as vulnerable to human rights violations and said that education was the only tool to arm these people.\"Women are especially vulnerable to discrimination and violence besides other violations of human rights. Senior citizens and children are also vulnerable to such violations,\" he said.Mooshahary was addressing a 2-day international conference on 'Human Rights - a global challenge' organized by a city college here.Mooshahary said education was the only tool to protect human rights. \"Without education, it is useless in bringing in so many legislations to promote and protect human rights. I advise society to educate women as an enlightened and educated woman is a source of power,\" he said.Stressing the need for inculcation of moral and spiritual values, the Governor said, \"The type of education which is needed to be imparted to people is how to \"unlearn evils\", adding \"education should also create conditions for human rights to flourish.\"Mooshahary said, \"Poverty, illiteracy and superstitious are often known to be the enemies of human rights.\"According to the governor, superstition has also contributed a lot to violation of human rights.Mooshahary said, \"Green brigades have emerged lately demanding rights to live in a clean environment.\"In India, the right to Information is acknowledged as an emerging right of the people. This is a new concept to ensure governance is accountable, transparent and responsible towards delivering rights to the people, he said.Speaking on the misuse of the Armed Forces Special Power Act (AFSPA) in certain areas in the region, Mooshahary acknowledged that the right given to the forces under certain condition has been misused and abused at times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17526228", "title": "Government rules Bandra land belongs to Western Railway, clears MUTP-II hurdle", "text": "MUMBAI: The state revenue minister has vacated the stay on a parcel of land at Bandra, whose commercial exploitation was to partially fund the Rs 5,300-crore Mumbai Urban Transport Project-II (MUTP-II), which aims to improve the suburban rail transport system.The MUTP II project includes procurement of 72 rakes, laying of the additional fifth and sixth lines between Diva-Thane and Kurla-CST, conversion of DC to AC power on CR, extension of Harbour line to Goregaon.The Railways planned to generate Rs 2,333 crore from the commercial exploitation of 45,000 sq m of land to fund MUTP-II which was approved in 2008. However, some citizens disputed the ownership of the land as soon as the Rail Land Development Authority ( RLDA) invited bids for its commercial exploitation in September 2008.Rakesh Saksena, managing director, Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation (MRVC) termed the decision as a \"positive development.\"But a few crucial steps need to taken before the commercial exploitation of land can be initiated. A senior railway official said, \"Since Western Railway had approached the Bombay High Court against the state government, we will have to present a copy of the order passed by the minister, before the bench. Thereafter, a decision will be taken on whether to withdraw the case.\"TOI, in its November 23 edition, had reported that MRVC chief Saksena had written to state government officials on November 10, cautioning them that work on the crucial capacity augmentation project will come to a halt if the land row is not resolved.A citizen had claimed that nearly 20,000 sq m of the 45,000 sq m land, whose ownership was claimed by the Railways, in fact belonged to the state government. While the suburban collector had favoured the citizen's assertion, the additional commissioner (Konkan divison) had found merit in the Railways' claim to the entire portion of the land. The citizen then filed an appeal before the revenue minister, who issued a stay order on January 19, 2012.While refuting the arguments of citizens, revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat in his order dated November 29 ruled that the ownership of the land is with Western Railway, which had submitted documentary evidence to support its claim. He also ordered the suburban collector to demarcate the boundary of the land claimed by the Railways within two weeks from the date of order. The official said, \"The Rail Land Development Authority will then re-enter the scene to begin the process to undertake commercial exploitation of land.\"For the Rs 5,300 crore MUTP II project, an agreement had been reached between the state government and the railway that nearly Rs 2,333 crore will be generated from commercial exploitation of land. Both the parties had also agreed to contributed Rs 1,056 crore in the 50:50 ratio, while the remaining Rs 1,910 crore was to be raised through a loan from the World Bank .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17530603", "title": "Neethane En Ponvasantham gets clean 'U'", "text": "Gautham Vasudev Menon's much awaited 'Neethane En Ponvasantham' has been cleared by the Censor Board with a clean U certificate. The film produced by RS Infotainment and Photon Kathas starring Jiiva and Samantha in lead roles, the film will hit the screens Friday next (December 14).NEP crew was showered with praises and blessed with wishes from the Censor Board who have just given a clean chit to the film without any cuts.The press release says - \"The journey started with selection of as stellar cast and crew followed by extra ordinary music by Isaignani, innovative and unseen promotion, huge audience response the crew has gone through all stages successfully just like how Nithya and Varun do in the movie. The icing on the cake is what the Censor Board has to say. Embracing the director for excellent work done the film has been termed as 'The Best Romantic Movie' ever made.\"For the first time, Gautham has tied up with maestro Illayaraja and with songs from the film becoming a rage already, expectations are running high.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17527186", "title": "E-cheats slip through the police net", "text": "LUDHIANA: The tactics of today's cyber criminals change as fast as our technology, often faster. And with more and more people gaining access to the cyber world, cyber criminals too are capitalizing on the situation by coming up with innovative ideas to defraud city residents of their money. In most of these complaints, cops are left clueless and often hit a dead end during the probe.Blame it on failure to locate the IP (internet protocol) address of the criminal's computer, jurisdiction problems or late filing of the complaint, the success rate of cracking these cases is almost dismal in Ludhiana. A senior cop said, \"Most of these emails are sent from computer systems from the cyber cafes' located in Nigeria, Indonesia and Pakistan. As these are located out of the country so it is beyond our jurisdiction to track the origin of these emails. Thus, a majority of cases do not even convert into FIRs.\" According to sources, on an average Ludhiana police receives over 20 complaints of fake emails every month. ' Going a step ahead from simple hacking of email accounts and accessing bank account details, the cyber criminals have started to use the names of leading MNCs and nationalized banks like Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and foreign banks like Royal Bank of Canada (RBC) and Union Bank of Nigeria to dupe gullible Ludhianavis.The official added, \"The sender, who usually sends this mail from a computer with an IP address of a computer located in some African or Asian country, introduces himself as an official of these firms and informs the receivers they have won an online lottery worth several lakh dollars. Once the receivers of the mail revert to these mails, the fraudster asks for basic details including bank account numbers. And end up duping them.\"\"In some cases, cyber criminals even ask the victim to submit a processing fee of Rs 1 lakh to Rs 2 lakh in order to avail the prize money,\" said the official.As the sophistication of cyber criminals has increased tremendously, companies both small and large have been alarmed by the recent frauds. A senior RBI official, warning residents against fraudsters on the Chandigarh police website, said, \"This is a big scam and miscreants are trying to use the names of leading financial institutions to lure people. We appeal people to ignore these mails as we are not running any such scheme.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17528738", "title": "Unrealistic laws are of no use", "text": "The senior police officials are echoing what this newspaper has for long argued. We have repeatedly said that enacting laws or framing rules that can't be enforced is not merely meaningless, it is dangerous. That is because a law that can't be enforced will be routinely flouted and when laws are repeatedly violated we breed a culture of contempt for the law. The same logic applies to unreasonable laws. It is on these grounds that we have in the past suggested that speed limits imposed on our roads need to be reviewed because they are unreasonable and hence unlikely to be adhered to by most people. Legislators and those who frame rules should sit down and carefully review existing laws and regulations to see how many such unrealistic stipulations there are and weed them out.Related story: Get real and don't legislate something that can't be enforced: Cops", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17528069", "title": "Corruption and mismanagement bane of Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation, MSEDCL", "text": "NAGPUR: The most important issue this time is the large scale corruption in irrigation projects and the government's shameful effort to give itself a clean chit by issuing a white paper that not even kindergarten kids would take seriously.First Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan himself says that the progress in irrigation projects is very less as compared to the huge money spent on it. His claim is substantiated by the state budget figures. Then a series of exposes by the BJP and media forces deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar to resign. People of Maharashtra had high expectations from the CM but the white paper proved to be a damp squib and an excuse to allow Pawar to reoccupy his post.However, BJP will not allow the government to get away with this. If Democratic Front (DF) leaders think that they can get away with the pillage of over Rs70,000 crore of public money in irrigation projects then they are mistaken. We are preparing a black paper that will expose the government's white paper.Corruption and mismanagement in Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) has caused delay in several irrigation projects. The farmers have suffered a lot due to this. Vidarbha does not have adequate irrigation facility. The ongoing projects are very much needed but the government and corrupt officials seem to be oblivious of this fact.The corruption and mismanagement in our power distribution sector is no less than irrigation. MSEDCL was granted an additional revenue requirement of Rs6,912 crore. This is being recovered from consumers by increasing the tariff by a back-breaking 40%. The tariff in Maharashtra is the highest in the country but still it is increased sharply every year. This way our industries won't survive and it will become impossible for common people to use electricity.While MSEDCL punishes honest consumers by frequent tariff increases it is unable to collect its bills. The arrears have increased to Rs16,000 crore. Of this Rs2,200 crore belong to Mula Pravara Society of agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil.MSEDCL buys costly power from private parties for obvious reasons. The money spent on this buying this power is being recovered from consumers through a very high tariff. Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) had raised these issues but MSEDCL has not been able to provide any satisfactory answer. It thinks that people of Maharashtra will pay whatever it charges for electricity as they can't do without it.If paying astronomical electricity bills was not enough we have to face prolonged power cuts too. Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar has been making tall claims about making the state load-shedding free by December 2012. The state is nowhere near this target. Power cuts are being enforced in villages every day. Farmers are not getting adequate power for agriculture. How can Pawar say the state will become load-shedding-free. Just because there are no power cuts in some big cities does not mean that the entire state has become free from load-shedding.The irony is that MSEDCL has told MERC that the state won't become load-shedding free till next rainy season. Moreover, the state would face power shortage again from 2015.The government's apathy towards the proposed Chevalla Shevanti dam in Andhra Pradesh (AP) near Maharashtra border in Sironcha area will spell disaster for Gadchiroli district. However, our government is just not bothered. AP has constructed the canals without anybody's permission. It is apparently confident that dam would be approved. If National Water Commission clears it then we had it.Large number of power stations in Vidarbha are ruining its environment, reducing water availability and agricultural productivity. In spite of this the government is sanctioning a power plant every day. Vidarbha is power surplus but power plants are coming up here only. This won't be tolerated anymore.Cotton farmers of Vidarbha need government help immediately. Last year the production was 35 lakh quintals but this year it is only 22 lakh quintals. Punjab and Madhya Pradesh have schemes to help wheat cultivators every year. We should do the same for cotton cultivators.(Sudhir Mungantiwar is BJP MLA from Ballarpur)FIVE ISSUES THAT SUDHIR MUNGANTIWAR WANTS TO BE DISCUSSED* The white paper on irrigation is a whitewash and has not mentioned a single line about corruption in the irrigation projects. Several committees appointed by the government have pointed out instances of large scale corruption in VIDC but the white paper is silent on them. What is the reason for astronomical cost escalations and inordinate delays?* Corruption and mismanagement in MSEDCL is at the same level as VIDC. This year the consumers were burdened with a 30% power tariff hike because MSEDCL is purchasing huge quantum of costly power. MSEDCL has not been to recover Rs16,000 crore arrears.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17526558", "title": "Namma Metro loses 20,410 tokens", "text": "BANGALORE: Namma Metro has lost 20,410 tokens to tailgating during the first year of its operations.BMRC N Sivasailam tweeted on Thursday that the utility has lost over Rs 4.49 lakh and 20,410 tokens last year.Referring to a report on TOI website that Delhi Metro had lost Rs 5 crore worth tokens since 2009, Sivasailam stated: \"We have lost 20,410 tokens worth Rs 4.49 lakh in 1 year.\"Tailgating is a phenomenon where passengers who purchase ticket tokens don't drop them while exiting the station for various reasons. This has happened despite BMRC prescribing a fine of Rs 100 for not dropping the token.However, BMRC is yet to invoke the punitive clause against anyone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17528173", "title": "PCMC extends deadline for water meters", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has extended the deadline till December 31 for its amnesty scheme in which citizens were asked to get authorized water connections. The civic body has also decided to appoint a private agency to get water meter readings and issue bills.The corporation had, a few months ago, announced the amnesty scheme aimed at recovery of water tax dues and regularization of connections.Civic officials on Friday said that 1,800 citizens have applied for new water meters under the scheme, which was to end on November 30. The civic body has allowed representatives of authorized water meter companies to set up stalls at all the zonal committee offices . Citizens are required to purchase their own meters.Citizens had not installed water meters because of complaints that meters were running fast, meters not working, or meters getting stolen. Civic officials said that many citizens have still not installed meters despite the announcement of amnesty scheme. The PCMC has warned that action will be taken against citizens who have taken unauthorized water connections.PCMC has appointed a private agency to issue bills having photographs of the water meter readings. Citizens can contact the zonal committee offices if they have any complaints about water bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17530844", "title": "Obama to attend Gangnam Style concert", "text": "US President Barack Obama will reportedly attend a charity concert where South Korean rapper PSY is scheduled to perform, who had participated in anti-American protests several years ago.PSY hit headlines over his much talked about 'Gangnam Style', which was the most viewed video last month on YouTube .A spokesman said that the Obama family will attend the December 21 Christmas in Washington concert, as is custom, The Telegraph reports.According to the paper, news reports cite two instances of the 34-year-old \" Gangnam Style\" rapper participating in concerts protesting the US military presence in South Korea during the early stages of the war in Iraq .In a 2004 concert, PSY performs another act's song about killing \"Yankees\" who have been torturing Iraqi captives and their families \"slowly and painfully,\" the paper said.PSY, whose real name is Park Jae-sang, had, however, apologised and said the protests were part of a \"deeply emotional\" reaction to the war and the killing of two Korean school girls, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17528154", "title": "'Minister should quit, sit at home'", "text": "CALANGUTE: An agitated Joseph Sequeira, former sarpanch, who was present at the site, was caustic in his comments. \"Dilip Parulekar says coastal MLAs will not have any say in the demolitions, but the chief minister has given us an assurance that nothing will come here in the vacant land. If necessary I will sit on a dharna to stop any shack by the GTDC. They cannot set up anything here without the consent of the village panchayat. We had voted for the BJP and now they're going against their own MLA. They should then ask him to resign and sit at home,\" he said, adding, \"the tourism department is not bothered about the infrastructure. We're (panchayat) building the new footpaths, new toilets, widening of roads; what are they doing?\" he queried.According to him, the occupants of the seven houses have been there for decades. Though the land was acquired around 43 years ago, it was never developed. \"If land acquired for a public purpose is not utilized for 30 years, then it lapses,\" Sequeira claimed, opposing any move to demolish the houses and evict the occupants. The occupants were also present at the meeting. One of them, Peter Carvalho asked, \"Don't we have the right to shelter and livelihood?\" Albert Fernandes, another ex-sarpanch, said, \"It is not good that they're making the locals cry. We will never allow them to do anything here, because this land belongs to fishermen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17530797", "title": "'David' trailer on 14th Dec", "text": "Produced jointly by Gateway films and Reliance Entertainment, Bejoy Nambiar's bilingual multi-starrer 'David' starring Jiiva and Vikram is expected to hit the screens on Feb 1st. The tailer of the much anticipated film in both Hindi and Tamil will be out on 14th December.Jiiva is expected to play a vital role as a musician in the Tamil film while Vikram will be seen as a fisherman. There will be separate story tracks for both these actors in the movie. How these men cross each others' paths will form the climax of the movie.Apart from these two actors, Tabu, Isha Sharvani , Lara Dutta , Vinay Virmani, Neil Nitin Mukesh, Shweta Pandit are also part of the cast. Anirudh of ' Kolaveri ' fame is composing the music for the film. The movie has been written and directed by director Bejoy Nambiar, who has served as Maniratnam's assistant director in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17527864", "title": "25 kg of plastic bags seized", "text": "KANPUR: The health department of Kanpur Municipal Corporation, on Friday, issued challan to ten shopkeepers for keeping non-biodegradable plastic bags. The raids were part of plastic awareness programme launched by the health department from Wednesday. The raiding team seized 25 kgs of prohibited plastic bags from the shopkeepers.Head of the health department LK Tiwari told TOI that the team visited Anandeshwar temple in Parmat, Company Bagh crossing, Gol Chauraha, Rawatpur and nearby localities and apprised the shopkeepers that plastic was a banned product and according to act only non-biodegradable plastic product could be used.The UP Plastic Act was clear on this point. \"No persons should use plastic other than regulated plastic in any form for storing, carrying or packing any food and if thickness of such plastic was less than 20 micron for any purpose\".The indiscriminate use of plastic bags poses threat to environment and on the health of individuals. The main problems with plastic bags are that these are non-biodegradable, choke drains and sewers and when burnt, the bags emit poisonous gases.The health officer said that bio-degradable plastic as the name itself suggests, decomposes with the active role of micro-organisms - bacteria, fungi, algae.Corn starch is widely used as an additive to make plastic bio-degradable. As starch is an organic component, it decays when it comes in contact with organisms in nature and makes the material porous.For food items packing, the Act had specified that virgin food grade plastic could be used otherwise not. At Anandeshwar temple, the KMC team had found that several shopkeepers were using virgin plastic glass for milk but these were not of food grade. The shopkeepers were warned not to use such glasses.Most of the shopkeeper did not know which type of plastic bags they had to use. During the last three days, the KMC team was busy in creating plastic awareness. They had also been told about punishment.The first offence would attract a punishment of one month imprisonment or fine to the tune of Rs 5000 or both while second and subsequent offence would invite a punishment of six months imprisonment and a fine of Rs 10,000 or both.Many people welcomed the recent directives in which Allahabad High Court had asked the state government to ban the plastic bags, glass and thermacole products in the cities situated on the bank of Ganga.\"It's good move and the people should come forward to make Ganga clean,\" said Ajit, a resident of Parmat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531701", "title": "It\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s all channel\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s call says Aijaj Khan", "text": "Team work is something which is the vital factor in making a show successful. There are number of people behind the lens, who contribute their efforts to make a show hit, may be it onscreen or off screen. Today we got in touch with Aijaj Khan, who made Vishal Karwal a Krishna, Saw a rowdy personality in an actor like Kapil Nirmal. Yes! You got it correct! Aijaj is the casting director, who has contributed his skills in many TV shows.The man in spite of having an army back drop and getting a bachelor degree from science faculty opted for being in entertainment industry, \"I was always attracted towards the tinsel town as I was never interested in what I did before. I started my career as an actor with a cameo role after which I worked for few production houses as casting director,\" asserts Aijaj.Being a casting director, don't you feel that a casting director doesn't get that importance? \"Well, it's a new format, we just have to audition and shortlist few actors and send it across the channel and then channel takes the call of finalizing the actor. It's all channel's call,\" clears Aijaj.\"Sometimes we too feel that the channel's decision is wrong in finalizing some lead but then it's purely channel's decision,\" signs off Aijaj. Thank You Aijaj for informing the other side of the screen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17528660", "title": "CM heads for Delhi to carry on battle", "text": "KOLKATA: A defeat in Parliament on the FDI issue doesn't mean the end of the road for Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee's fight against the Congress-led UPA-II government.Mamata is planning a trip to Delhi next week to take on the Centre on yet another issue. It would be her first visit to the capital since Trinamool Congress pulled out of UPA-II.The official reason for her visit next Saturday is the Fimeet where she will hold talks with potential investors. She is scheduled to host an investors' meet on December 17. But beyond the business dealings, Mamata wants to test the waters in the capital and try to get some new allies for the battle ahead. On Friday she will meet Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar , say sources.The agenda includes forming a common platform for non-Congress CMs. Mamata has close ties with Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik with an eye to forming a Third Front. She is also trying to garner support against UPA-II and will be networking with like-minded parties. Mamata is expected to meet Samajwadi Party leaders since UP CM Akhilesh Yadav had come down to assuage her after SP made a somersault in the Presidential polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17526513", "title": "Fest opens, celebrates the spirit of free speech", "text": "\"Two young girls write something on Facebook and are jailed. A reporter is arrested in Mangalore because he reports on hoodlums who attacked youngsters at a home stay. All this pains me,\" said acclaimed author UR Ananthamurthy, at the opening of the first Bangalore Literature Festival (BLF). \"The rulers of this country are not worthy. We only hear about corrupt politicians. Let some room be made for literature,\" said URA.Talking about writers like Fyodor Dostoevsky and Franz Kafka , the veteran author, who appeared outraged by recent attempts to curtail free speech in India, exhorted writers to be free and unafraid, asking them to take recourse to metaphor, if necessary. \"Metaphor is a hiding place for writers. That's what Dostoevsky and Kafka did,\" he added.With that rousing speech, the BLF was off to a fine start on a nippy Friday evening. Writers like URA, Chandrashekhara Kambara, Nissar Ahmed, Shashi Deshpande and poet Gulzar, who lit the ceremonial lamp, all touched upon the theme of freedom in writing in their short speeches.Poet-lyricist Gulzar, whose popularity as a writer of profoundly evocative and deeply felt songs and poems ensured him a stirring welcome to the city, also revealed his talent as a witty raconteur. \"Bangalore holds many personal memories for me. In the 1950s and 60s, most of my film scripts were penned in room no. 51 of West End Hotel, a beautiful space that soothed and inspired me,\" said the poet.The first session of the fest featured him in conversation with Pavan Varma, a prolific author who till recently served as India's ambassador to Bhutan. The two have been friends of long standing, and uninhibited repartee flowed on stage as the duo recalled anecdotes from their lives, seamlessly weaving these into readings from two collections of poetry, 'Selected Poems' and 'Neglected Poems' that contain poetry written by Gulzar in Urdu and translated by Varma into English. \"We often bickered over Gulzar saab's choice of words, which are often colloquial and contain a sound, which makes them very difficult to translate. I got my revenge on him when he had to translate one of my books of poetry into Hindi,\" said Varma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17526397", "title": "Gauhati University vice-chancellor asks students to donate blood", "text": "GUWAHATI: The vic- chancellor of Gauhati University, Okhil Kumar Medhi, on Friday said students should come forward and donate blood because one unit of blood can save three lives.Medhi, while inaugurating a blood donation camp, added, \"Transfusion of blood can help those suffering from blood-related diseases, accident victims, women with complicated pregnancies and children suffering from thalassemia,\" he added.Students should be aware of the social responsibility of donating blood. They are the future of the country and every student should cultivate the habit of donating blood, he added.The deputy vice-president of HDFC, Jayanta Banerjee, said, \"We started our blood donation campaign in 2007. We are mainly focusing on colleges because awareness among the young generation is the main thing. One unit of blood can save people suffering from blood-related diseases.\" Jayanta is also the state head of HDFC's wholesale banking operations.He added, \"Today, HDFC is organizing three camps in the city - one in Gauhati Commerce College, BRTF and in Khanapara. Altogether 200 units of blood have been collected. The NSS unit, Gauhati Commerce College and Guwahati Medical College and Hospital is helping us to conduct the camp or else it wouldn't have been possible. In the entire NE, we have collected 1600 units.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17526348", "title": "Youth caught for laptop thefts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Vastrapur police arrested a youth for involvement in five laptop thefts, committed in the western parts of the city. Police have recovered three laptops and have started search for the remaining laptops and for the youth's accomplice.According to Vastrapur police, a team of surveillance squad was on patrol when they got a tip-off that a youth was to come near Vastrapur lake to sell a stolen laptop. Working on the information, police caught Kiran Parmar alias Kanu, 20, a resident of Dayanand ni Chali, Asarwa. Police found a laptop from him and later recovered two more.\"He said he had teamed up with Deepak Marwadi, a resident of the same area. Marwadi is an auto driver,\" said a Vastrapur police official. \"The duo used to roam around in western city parts and targeted parked cars. When they spotted any laptop bags or valuables kept in parked cars, they used to park the auto nearby and start loud music. Parmar then used to break the glass and steal the items.\" Officials said that the duo was in constant need of money for liquor and gambling. Investigators said that the duo had stolen laptops from areas like Anandnagar, Satellite , Ambawadi and Vastrapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17528184", "title": "I am an honest man, won\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t resign, says Gadkari", "text": "NEW DELHI: Describing himself as an honest man, a defiant Nitin Gadkari on Friday once again ruled out resigning from the BJP chief's post. Gadkari, facing allegations of financial irregularities and dubious funding of his firms, has painstakingly maintained that he won't quit despite knowing that his term as BJP president comes to an end this month.\"I am an honest man, I will not resign,\" the BJP president said in reply to a question at a programme organized by a TV network.BJP leaders Ram Jethmalani and Yashwant Sinha have publicly demanded his resignation, saying that his continuance in office will compromise the party's campaign against the government over corruption.Gadkari said he was a social entrepreneur and not a businessman. \"I am not scared of anyone... Media can't pass any judgment against me... Media trial is unacceptable and there is not a single case lodged against me ,\" the BJP chief said.Replying to a question on his tenure as a minister in the Maharashtra government, Gadkari denied he had given favours to any particular company. \"I have not favoured any company during my stint as Maharashtra PWD minister,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17530718", "title": "Akshay opts for Sonakshi over newcomers", "text": "Poor Murugadoss. The Ghajini director is not conversant with the ways of Bollywood. Barely able to follow the Hindi bhasha Murugadoss finds himself besieged by rumours planted by eager aspirants desirous of being cast opposite Akshay Kumar in his new action-drama, remake of the Tamil blockbuster Thuppakki about an armyman's revenge against terrorists.Says a friend of the director, \"Murugadoss has changed his number three times in the last four months. Ever since news of the remake with Akshay Kumar came out, he has been bombarded with calls from heroines in Mumbai.\"In fact Vipul Shah and Murugadoss decided to cast a new girl opposite Akshay.We hear five new girls were short-listed for the privilege of playing Akshay's leading lady but now Akshay has persuaded his Rowdy Rathore co-star Sonakshi Sinha to join him in the Thuppakki remake.Curiously Murugadoss in Chennai seems oblivious of this development, \"I was told Sonakshi's dates were not working out. I suppose that's been sorted out. We seemed to have very little choice. All the big heroines in Mumbai were tied up with other projects. We auditioned many new girls and zeroed in on 4-5 of the most promising names.\"Murugadoss reveals several prominent leading ladies were considered opposite Akshay. \"We did approach Parineeti Chopra but we understand she is committed elsewhere. Her dates are not available.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17528610", "title": "B S Yeddyurappa wants all MPs to quit over Cauvery issue", "text": "BELGAUM: Not satisfied with the state MPs' protests on the Cauvery row, former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa felt that all 28 MPs from the state should resign to bring pressure on the Prime Minister.Yeddyurappa, who was on a mission to woo BJP legislators here on Friday to the Haveri event, said state MPs are only bothered about their chair and are hardly fighting for the cause.\"If the same treatment was meted out to Tamil Nadu , their MPs would not have allowed Parliament to function. If the Haveri event was not scheduled, I would've staged a dharna before Parliament,\" he said.He met Speaker KG Bopaiah and law minister S Suresh Kumar in the Suvarna Vidhana Soudha and suggested that they adjourn the House for two days so that chief minister Jagadish Shettar can take all the legislators to New Delhi to apprise the PM of the state's situation.Asked if Shettar was right in releasing water, Yeddyurappa said the PM's award at the Cauvery River Authority (CRA) back in September was highly favourable to Tamil Nadu. \"The first lapse was in the judgment of the CRA,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "hassanur (sathyamangalam)", "code": "17528857", "title": "He compensates farmers to save the tiger", "text": "HASSANUR (SATHYAMANGALAM): B Govindan, a small scale farmer from Itarai has lost 22 cows in the last three years to tigers straying out of Sathyamangalam forest in search of prey. Despite a loss of Rs 15,000 for each cow killed, Govindan never thought of poisoning the big cat. Neither did he approach the government for help to gun down the tiger. After each loss, he simply took the bus to Hassanur where he informed B Krishnakumar, an entrepreneur and conservation activist, about the loss. After verifying the incident, Krishnakumar gives him some money from his own pocket which at least partially compensates for Govindan's loss.\"While forest laws limit compensation only to human death caused by wild animal, the privilege has not yet been extended to domestic animals owned by farmers living in forest fringes. Krishnakumar is a rare example of conservation, as he spends his own money for the environment. So far, he has given Rs 70,000 to my brothers, sister, uncles and me,\" said Govindan.Now in his late fifties, Krishnakumar has paid a total of Rs 10 lakh so far as compensation for the deaths of 350 cattle attacked by tigers in the 30 km radius of Hassanur. He initiated this mission five years ago. To support the poor farmers in the region, he runs a small resort and a drive-in restaurant. Hailing from Thudiyalur in Coimbatore, Krishnakumar also has a plantation in Hassanur which brings him some money. To Krishnakumar, who earlier ran a textile mill in Coimbatore and a granite quarry in Thalavadi, his interest in conservation began five years ago. He pays enough compensation that keeps farmers and tribal people from poisoning tigers. Consequently, Sathyamangalam has become a safe haven for tigers.\"It is a simple model which can be replicated in places like Wayanad, Kerala, where a tiger that had killed several cattle, was gunned down last week. Farmers have no aversion to tigers. They just want to protect their livelihood. If the government is interested in conserving the tiger, all it has to do is pay farmers adequate compensation. India's tiger conservation effort has failed to take farmers and forest dwellers in confidence. This is why tiger reserve projects across the country are facing resistance,'' points out Krishnakumar.Hearing about Krishnakumar, a group of youths in Coimbatore under ACME Round Table 133 have recently developed a corpus to support his initiative. They have also paid compensation worth Rs 2.5 lakh based on recommendation made by Krishnakumar. \"With the compensation, farmers can replace their losses. In this way, farmers indirectly aid conservation efforts,\" said K S Sundararaman, president of the Round Table.Krishnakumar pays the owner of a buffalo killed by a tiger Rs 4,500 while the compensation would be Rs 3,500 for a cow. Compensation for a calf is Rs 2,500. \"We ensure the compensation reaches the farmer within 20 days of the incident. The forest department was earlier apprehensive about the project but now they feel it offers some resolution to the man-animal conflict. If similar organizations taking this up in other forest areas, the tiger population can be enhanced while protecting the livelihood of farmers,\" says Krishnakumar.According to forest department estimate, Sathyamangalam has 25 tigers now. Ironically, it was Veerappan who helped increase the tiger population here. As his focus was just on elephants and sandalwood, other animals were safe. Fearing him, no other poacher went inside the forests,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "17526935", "title": "Man hospitalised after cops' 'brutality'", "text": "GUNTUR: As a result of brutal highhandedness of the police, A youth has been hospitalised after he was allegedly subjected to severe 'third degree' treatment by the police during the investigation of a case regarding a missing woman at Sattenapalle on Friday. The police calmly rushed the victim, Yarasani Nehemiah to the Government General Hospital (GGH), Guntur and pressurised the hospital authorities to admit him without registering a medico legal case (MLC).The incident came to light after the GGH doctors refused to admit the victim as a case of routine illness and insisted on admitting him only as an MLC patient. According to information, a 35-year old married woman Yarasani Nagendram of Garlapadu village disappeared from the village about a fortnight ago. The family members of Nagendram lodged a complaint with the Sattenapalle rural police and named about10 people as suspects in the case of the missing woman. After completing the initial investigation, the police summoned all the 10 suspects to the police station on Thursday and kept them waiting for nearly six hours. Unable to get any clues from the suspects, the local sub-inspector Madhusudan Rao meted out police treatment to them.He reportedly asked the constables to make the victims run around the police station and cane them till they gave any information on the whereabouts of the missing woman. The police reportedly chased the suspects till they were exhausted and fell down. While a few pleaded with the police to let them off, Yarasani Nehemiah became unconscious right on the police station premises. It is reported that the police initially shifted the youth to a private hospital at Sattenapalle where the doctors asked them to shift the victim to GGH for better treatment as his condition was critical. The worried police rushed him to GGH around 1pm on Friday and requested the authorities to admit the case without entering it as a MLC. Sources said that a senior police official called up the superintendent of GGH to take the case as a kidney failure case without insisting upon it as an MLC. However, the doctors in the casualty told the superintendent that the victim had serious injuries on the body. After an hour long discussion, the GGH authorities admitted the victim after registering a medical legal case. According to GGH sources, the condition of the youth was critical as he was admitted in the ICU.Meanwhile, the relatives of the victim Lazar, Purushottam, Srinivas and Naresh who also suffered lathi injuries confirmed that the police had thrashed them mercilessly. They said they were tortured despite telling the police that they were not aware of the whereabouts of the missing woman. However, police have denied the charges of caning the suspects. When contacted, Sattenapalle DSP I Puja said they questioned the suspects for a while and did not beat them. She, however, confirmed that Nehemiah was hospitalised after he fell ill during the interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17526853", "title": "Cops catch chain snatcher from Buddha Colony area", "text": "PATNA: A Patna Police team on Friday arrested one Ajay Das from Shri Krishna Nagar locality under Buddha Colony police station and recovered one loaded pistol of foreign make besides a loaded countrymade pistol from his possession, Patna Senior SP (SSP) Amrit Raj said.The SSP said on a tip-off the Buddha Colony police station SHO Vinod Prasad reached Shri Krishna Nagar and intercepted two youth moving on a bike. The police team managed to arrest Ajay Das but the other youth managed to escape with the bike.Amrit Raj said during interrogation, Ajay said he had been released from Beur Central Jail on September 5 and had taken to chain snatching with his associate Lal Babu Gope alias Munna alias Mirchai. They were moving in the locality for snatching chains.Ajay also confessed that on Dhanteras, both of them had intercepted a couple at Kanti Factory Mor under Agamkuan police station and tried to snatch the chain of the woman. When the husband resisted, Mirchai opened fire on the couple, resulting in death of the husband while the wife sustained injuries.The SSP said Ajay had been sent to jail in connection with a loot of Rs 6 lakh in Kankarbagh locality a few months back. Ajay further admitted that on December 4, he had snatched chains from two women at Panchmukhi Mandir Lane under Buddha colony police station. Four cellphones, 12 sim cards besides a watch of a reputed company were also recovered from his possession.Amrit Raj said the Patna police had constituted a special cell led by City SP Jayant Kant to stop incidents of chain snatching. The team comprised Buddha Colony police station SHO Vinod Prasad and SIs Sarvar Alam, Rakesh Kumar and Gyan Ranjan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17526633", "title": "HC comes to rescue of harassed girls", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has ordered reinstatement of four college students who were dismissed by the management for raising allegations of sexual harassment against the director of the institution.The high court quashed the dismissal orders issued by the administration of Sacred Heart College of Nursing, situated at Kumbakonam.The four girls Arockia Beleciya, Soumya Little Flor, Thasleem and Baby studying fourth year in the college had filed separate writ petitions in the bench alleging that the director of the college, A Maria Francis who is also a priest, had sexually harassed the hostel students.The petitions were heard by Justice Vinod K Sharma.Counsel K Samidurai, who appeared for the petitioners, told the court that the director used to visit the girls' hostel at 8pm and call the inmates under the guise of recreation training. He used to pass indecent comments about the girls. Besides, he used to torment the girls during the weekend to confess if they had any sexual relationship, the petitioners alleged.Unable to tolerate the harassment of the director, the students had conducted a 'sit-in protest' in the campus in February this year, following which the revenue divisional officer of Kumbakonam conducted an inspection. At a peace committee meeting in the presence of the RDO it was decided to remove the director.However, the girls had to face other kinds of harassment after that. The girls, who complained against the director were targeted and their internal marks were reduced. False allegations were levelled against those girls that they had ragged the juniors of the hostel. Finally, the four girls were asked to leave the college on September 21. It is violation of natural justice, the counsel told to the court.On behalf of college, it was told that the petitioners along with other students misbehaved and indulged in ragging the juniors. Besides, the college management received many complaints against those students. So an inquiry was conducted by the management and based on the inquiry report action was taken against them.Observing malafide intentions of the college director, the judge pointed out that it is surprising that even though specific allegations were levelled against him regarding his misconduct with the girl students, those allegations were not denied.The allegations are against the director of the institution who was prima facie held guilty in the peace committee meeting and directions were given to remove him. Orders of the management are nothing but the outcome of malafide intentions of the director, the judge said in his order and quashed the dismissal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17526335", "title": "Ajit Pawar's clout as House NCP chief did the trick for him", "text": "MUMBAI: The timing of Ajit Pawar's comeback, just ahead of the winter session, is being noted with interest. The original plan, said NCP sources, was to induct him as part of a reshuffle in January.Pawar's clout as the NCP legislative party leader in the light of a no-confidence motion to be moved by the Shiv Sena may have prompted the NCP and the Congress to give in to his overtures for a berth before the session. The Sena's motion, which cites irrigation and other scams, is likely to come up in the first week of the session beginning December 10.Pawar has the power to issue the party whip. \"The Congress and the NCP leadership were wary of how it would be exercised if his demand was overlooked,\" a senior Congress leader said.The development might mean a happy coincidence for the Congress. As the deputy CM, Pawar will have to personally reply to allegations raised against him on irrigation in the Upper House, which he could not have as a private member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17527873", "title": "HDFC Bank conducts blood donation camp", "text": "KANPUR: HDFC Bank conducted a nationwide blood donation campaign on Friday. It covered 572 cities across India. Two camps were organized at Kanpur, where 125 units of blood were collected.The camp at Kanpur was organized in association with Rotary Club , Kanpur North at HDFC Bank in Civil Lines and in association with Christ Church College at the college campus. The Civil Lines camp was inaugurated by DIG Amitabh Yash. The camp at Christ Church College was inaugurated by Principal Parvez Din. Teams from GSVM Medical College and UHM Hospital supported the event.According to World Health Organization (WHO) estimates, India needs approximately 12 million units of blood every year. A shortage has a major impact on victims of road accidents and trauma victims, women with complicated pregnancies, children suffering from thalassemia and people undergoing major surgeries.HDFC Bank is conducting this campaign since last six years. The Bank started this initiative in 2007 when over 4000 volunteers came forward for the cause. In 2011, the collection had jumped ten-fold to touch over 40,000 units from 4000 units in the first year.\"It is heartening to know that with each passing year more and more people are eager to be a part of this life-saving campaign. This year the campaign is moving into colleges to create awareness and encourage youth to participate in this drive. Together we can bridge the gap in demand and supply of safe blood,\" said Bhavesh Zaveri, country head, operations &amp; cash management, HDFC Bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17528717", "title": "Criminal escapes from hospital", "text": "KOLKATA: Muhummed Shamim, a notorious criminal who was lodged in Dum Dum central jail on several charges, escaped from a hospital where he was taken for a medical check up. Two constables of the Airport police station - Uttam Mandal and Purnachandra Biswas - was suspended following the incident.On Friday afternoon, Shamim was brought to Dum Dum municipal hospital for the check up. When Shamim was about to get into the prison van after the check up, he managed to flee with handcuffs tied on his hands. He was arrested from Khardah in North 24-Parganas about six months back.He has several charges of murder, robbery and extortion. Four days ago, the Airport police had taken him into police custody for another murder case probe.A senior officer of the Bidhannagar police said that two constables have been suspended and a departmental inquiry has been initiated on the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17526403", "title": "Uncle Sam still beckons for Gujarat students", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat is one of the top four states in the country that has the largest number of students applying to go to the US for education. It also sends a substantial number of graduates and undergraduates to the US in the last five years, according to experts.Education USA, a non-profit organization supported by the US department of state, says that while the total number of students going to the US from India has remained between 28,000 and 35,000 for the last five years, a healthy 5,000 students from Gujarat have contributed to that number.Interestingly, 70% of these students come from regions outside Ahmedabad like Mehsana, Kalol, Surat and their primary motive is immigration. \"Education is a means to stay in the US. Immigration is the driving factor for students from these places,\" says Kamya Suri, centre chief, Education USA.The other set of students are a new breed from Gujarat who are interested purely in education and job experience. \"We have students from Dhirubhai Ambani Institute of Information and Communication Technology, LD college, Nirma University, MSU, CEPT and several other colleges where the intention is to get a US degree that will enable them to get high paying jobs,\" she says. These students do not want to stay in the US permanently. Refreshingly, a number of these now want to get a US degree and job experience and return to expand family businesses.While choosing colleges, Gujarati students follow a trend. \"As a community, Gujaratis like sticking together. They don't fancy venturing out or trying something adventurous. Most students opt for a college where they have the reference of a senior or alumnus,\" Suri adds. The University of South California in Los Angeles is the top college for students from Gujarat. Other colleges that trending for a few years are Georgia Tech, NCSU, Rutgers, the state university of New Jersey, Northeastern University and Michigan Tech.Subjects chosen have also been more or less constant, with almost 70% opting for VLSI networking, embedded systems, information security, communications and computer engineering. MBA applicants have lessened post recession.A conspicuous change in trends has been that undergraduate students going to the US from India have increased by 11% in the last year. Schools that offer International Baccalaureate (IB), an international board, have come up in the country and this system of education requires a student to go abroad after schooling. \"It's been 4 years since IB has been introduced in India. We have students from IB-affiliated schools like Mahatma Gandhi International School, Riverside and Ahmedabad International School come to us right after their school term is over,\" says Suri.\"US universities are lately propagating undergraduate education in India. A single undergrad from India means an investment of Rs 1 crore for 4 years and after that 50% look for jobs while the rest do their masters. They are also paid less because they are undergrads, so this is a win-win situation for the US as well,\" says a US education expert.Conversely, there are fewer postgraduate students. \"This fact can also be attributed to the American policy of diversity. Because Indians and Chinese dominate most college campuses in the US, the policy currently is to accept as many diverse cultures as possible. So one will find many students from Korea, Saudi Arabia now,\" Suri says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17527012", "title": "Crime branch cops still probing age-old cases", "text": "CHENNAI: The case of Douglas Devananda, a Sri Lankan minister wanted in connection with a murder in Chennai in 1986, and the fake telephone exchange case of 2002 are still pending investigation by the central crime branch (CCB) of the police.Investigations by the CCB have been undermined because the branch faces a severe shortage of manpower.Devananda and nine others had opened fire at a group of people in Choolaimedu, killing a resident of the locality. Police arrested Devananda and nine others but the court granted bail to all the accused and they disappeared in August 1994. The court declared them as 'proclaimed offenders' and CCB is investigating.The CCB started its probe of the fake telephone exchange case in 2002. Several people were accused of operating fake telephone exchanges cheating BSNL of crores. The CCB registered 75 cases, all of whichare still under investigation.The CCB is short of its sanctioned staff strength by at least 32%. The CCB is a the key investigation agency and has various wings to deal with separate crimes such as land grabbing, cyber crime, video piracy, vice, job rackets and bank fraud. Each CCB wing has anywhere between 50 and 100 petitions pending disposal. Every wing receives an average of four cases daily, which are forwarded by the police commissioner and petitioners who approach the department's grievance cell.After the merger of the Chennai City Police and suburban police commissionerates in May 2011, the government issued a government order (GO) to create two new posts in the CCB at the level of deputy commissioner of police and joint commissioner of police. The police filled the post of joint commissioner of police with the appointment of deputy inspector-general of police S N Seshasai, but the post of deputy commissioner is still vacant.\"Petitions are forwarded to CCB for a fair and detailed investigation. ut a shortage of manpower has put us under a lot of pressure,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17529366", "title": "Indore entrepreneurs to attend CAAYE", "text": "INDORE: A number of students and members of Young Indians (Yi) which is an integral part of the confederation of Indian industries (CII), will be attending the first summit of the Commonwealth Asia Alliance of Young Entrepreneurs (CAAYE) in Mumbai between 14 and 15 December.\"In addition to advocating a more conducive youth entrepreneurship policy from member governments, CAAYE also has a host of regional, bilateral, and country specific activities to mentor youth employment network (YEN) for e-coaching and mentorship of young entrepreneurs,\" said Ankit D Mittal, chairman, Yi Indore chapter, while interacting with the media here on Friday. \"These entrepreneurs will be using YEN marketplace platform, which connects mentors with world-class coaches with business plans, funding options and pitching their business ideas,\" added Mittal.Neha Mittal, a member of Yi said that she was excited to be representing the country at the flagship gathering, which was being held at Mumbai for the first time. Anupama Modi, a teacher of management, said, \"One of the key outcomes of the summit is to develop and present a communique.\"Sanket Vyas, a student of management, said, \"I want to learn management tips through the event.\" The delegates are likely to visit offices of the TCS, YR Films, Yes bank and Godrej &amp; Boyce during the trip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17526044", "title": "We are ready for re-election, says Chautala", "text": "NEW DELHI: World boxing body (AIBA) suspended the Indian boxing federation (IABF) for \"possible manipulation\" of its recently held elections. The sports ministry too swiftly got into the act, derecognizing IABF on Friday while asking the federation to hold fresh elections within 15 days.In India, where sports federations have long been controlled by unanimously elected politicians and bureaucrats, and run mostly by inept honorary officials who cling on to their seats for years, this was waiting to happen.The development puts Indian boxers in a tricky situation. MC Mary Kom, who won a bronze at the London Games, said it was a sad day for Indian boxing. \"I am very upset because as players we dream of representing the country at major competitions. I don't know what will happen now,\" said Abhay Singh Chautala.AIBA has obviously taken the cue from IOC . \"Further to the IOC's suspension imposed on the IOA, AIBA executive committee has decided to provisionally suspend the IABF,\" AIBA said on Thursday. \"This provisional suspension is also due to the fact that AIBA had learned about possible manipulation of the recent IABF election. AIBA will now investigate this election and especially a potential political link between IOA president, as former chairman of the IABF, and the IABF election.\"Taken by surprise, Indian boxing federation bosses said the decision \"smacks of conspiracy\". \"It's clearly a fall-out of the IOA elections. People with vested interests are doing it,\" newly-elected IABF president Matoria told TOI. He said AIBA had sent some queries relating to the elections held in Patiala in September. \"They said they had received some complaints regarding our elections. We replied back. Then suddenly this has happened,\" said Matoria.Chautala said he did not have a problem if fresh elections were held to the boxing federation. \"We are ready for a re-election and I am ready to quit the post of chairman.\"Archery body de-recognizedOn Friday, the ministry also derecognized the Archery Association of India (AAI) for violating the age and tenure restrictions prescribed in the Sports Code during the recent elections. \"The AAI has been advised to hold fresh elections for the post of president, in conformity with the Sports Code. They have also been requested to amend their constitution to bring it in conformity with the Sports Code and Olympic Charter,\" sports minister Jitendra Singh said.Slamming the decision, Vijay Kumar Malhotra said that the ministry has no right to derecognize the association. \"We have not violated any rule or law of the land and the decision is illegal.\" He said he was surprised at the government's argument that AAI did not adhere to the Sports Code. \"Sports Code of the government has no legal sanctity. It is not an Act, it is not a part of the constitution and there has not even been a Gazette notification about this so called code,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17527605", "title": "Vanishing Punjabi short stories cause concern", "text": "PATIALA: Researchers and linguists at a conference in Patiala on Friday expressed fears over the fast-disappearing culture of reading and writing short stories in Punjabi.Experts said that traditional \"Daadi ki kahaniya\" and other writings in Punjabi are under threat from the growing influence of the Internet. During the conference, which concluded on Friday, 125 researchers from various states of India, USA and Canada submitted their research papers.\"Use of the Internet to write Punjabi stories will kill traditional story writing in Punjab. The Internet cannot help our traditional writings since it was designed in the western culture,\" said prominent Punjabi writer Anup Virk, former president of Kendri Likhari Sabha, Punjab.\"We could improve our traditional story writing with selective use of the Internet,\" said Dr Amritpal Kaur, coordinator of the conference, who is director of Gurmat Sangeet online library in the university. Some NRI writers, however, favoured use of the Internet to help the younger generation keep in touch with the latest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17528492", "title": "Ponda's ID hospital to be inaugurated on December 19", "text": "PONDA: The state government has once again deferred the inauguration of the Ponda Infectious Diseases (ID) hospital by some more days. The hospital was supposed to be inaugurated on chief minister Manohar Parrikar's birthday on December 13.The health minister Laxmikant Parsekar had said that the government has decided to inaugurate the hospital on December 19.He also said that on the chief minister's birthday, the public health department would commission an incinerator and an ICU at the Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital at Bambolim.Parsekar said the ID hospital will initially be started as a community health centre (CHC) and it will be subsequently upgraded to a sub-district hospital, as it will cater to the medical needs of four constituencies in Ponda taluka.\"The Ponda ID hospital building is ready and some machinery and medical equipment are being installed. But, the hospital cannot be upgraded in a night, it would take some time to run it as a fully-fledged sub-district hospital,\" Parsekar told TOI.The work of the ambitious 250-bed ID hospital was started in 2007 and was scheduled to be completed by mid-2009.The Goa state infrastructure development corporation (GSIDC) took about three-and-half years more to complete the structure of the project.Since the demolition of the old building of the hospital in 2007, Ponda residents used to travel to Hospicio hospital, Margao, or to Goa medical college and hospital at Bambolim for secondary medical care.Ponda health officer Dr Nutan Dev said the public health department has transferred about 36 class IV staff to oversee the maintenance of the building.She also admitted that the hospital needs several doctors who are yet to be appointed by the government.Parsekar said the recruitment process has been underway and a doctor from Ponda would be promoted as medical superintendent to supervise the administration of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17526369", "title": "March against child labour and trafficking in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: In a bid to sensitize the masses and strengthen concerted and collaborative efforts to fight child labour and trafficking, Bachpan Bachao Andolan and Global March against Child Labour in association with the state government and Assam State Legal Services Authority are going to organize a 300 kilometre march on Saturday.The march will be flagged off by Chief Justice of India Altamas Kabir and senior judge of the Supreme Court and executive chairman of National Legal Services Authority (NALSA) Justice DK Jain. The march will pass through Nalbari, Barpeta, Sorbhog, Bongaigaon, Chapar, Bilasipara, Kokrajhar and will culminate at Dhubri. Over 150 people who have been victims of child labour and trafficking will be leading the rally.The founder of Bachpan Bachao Andolan and chairperson of Global March Against Child Labour said, \"The northeast, particularly Assam, is emerging as one of the biggest source area, transit route and destination for trafficking of children for forced labour. Assam is the choicest place for the child traffickers to thrive on account of frequent natural calamities, insurgency, acute poverty, illiteracy an ignorance of the masses and weak law enforcement.\"\"Children from NE are trafficked for forced labour as domestic help in metros and are physically abused and sexually exploited. Every year 4000 children go missing from the state. They are sold off at the rate of Rs 1 lakh for marriage purposes, Rs 1.50 lakh for prostitution and Rs 5000-Rs 6000 for bonded labour,\" he added.He added there are 40 placement agencies who are operating in Delhi, Bangalore, Tirupur and other parts of South India. These agencies do not keep official records. They work for bringing people from northeast and are run by people mainly from Assam residing there.\"The conviction procedure related to child labour and trafficking is very poor. In the year 2007-11, 17,558 inspections were made by the government in Assam out of which 58 prosecutions were made and there were 9 convictions. In northeast, total 26,553 inspections were made out of which 64 prosecutions were completed and 15 of the accused were convicted. Police and labour department should take the responsibility to persuade the conviction. Government prosecution should meet a logical end,\" he added.\"In Assam, bonded child domestic workers are increasing. Children and women from Bihar , West Bengal , Bangladesh and Nepal are trafficked and are forced to work in the coal mines of Assam and tea gardens,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17528781", "title": "Cauvery Nigam AEE trapped by Lokayukta", "text": "MYSORE: Lokayukta police trapped an engineer attached to Cauvery Neeravari Nigam while accepting a bribe from a contractor near Mysore on Friday.Following a complaint by second grade civil contractor Madanayak against assistant executive engineer K Ganesh, the Lokayukta officials laid a trap and caught the official red-handed while accepting Rs 5,000 from him at his office in Bannur of T Narasipura taluk, Mysore.According to the complainant, the official had demanded Rs 6,000 to clear bills worth Rs 2 lakh which were pending since three months, and then settled for Rs 5,000.Lokayukta inspectors Dharmendra, Gopalkrishna and team were part of the operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17528560", "title": "5,000 kids will take part in Balavikas 'Makkala Habba'", "text": "DHARWAD: The Karnataka Balavikas Academy (KBA) in association with the department of Public Instruction (DPI) will organize 'Makkala Habba,' children's festival at JSS School campus here on December 8.KBA chairman Mahesh Tenginkai told reporters here on Thursday that nearly 5,000 children from various parts of the state will participate in the event. Minister for women and child welfare Kalakappa Bandi will inaugurate the event.A procession from the government school (No 9) in Saraswatpur to the event venue will be taken out prior to the inaugural function. Cultural troupes including Hejje Mela, Gombe, horse, elephant, Dollu Kunita, Scouts and Guides, Seva Dal and NCC cadets and others will take part in the procession.Total number of 28 cultural troupes including 14 local and the remaining from 14 different districts would perform at the event. Several troupes performing folk arts from South Karnataka region too have been incorporated to help the children understand the culture of other regions. The event would also focus on creating awareness against superstitions, developing scientific temper and patriotism among the children, he said.Rural sports, drawing, paper craft, canvas art and clay modeling traditional arts like Mallakamba, debate, cultural events, science, talent show and humour sessions will be part of the festival. The Department of Fire and Emergency Services will present a fire show for the children on the occasion. The programmes will be held on three different stages. KBA has arranged for 14 buses to provide free transportation to the children attending the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mysore/mandy", "code": "17526480", "title": "Mandya bandh today", "text": "MYSORE/MANDY: Protests erupted in the Cauvery belt on Friday following the release of water to Tamil Nadu late Thursday. Former MP G Made Gowda, who is spearheading the Cauvery farmers' agitation, has given a call for Mandya bandh on Saturday.He said the bandh is to pressurize the Union government in taking an impartial decision and to draw the attention of the Supreme Court to the ground realities in Cauvery basin districts in Karnataka.Made Gowda was arrested when he tried to storm the deputy commissioner's office in Mandya. He was later released.There were no incidents of violence where the situation continues to be tense given that Mandya district will observe a bandh on Saturday and the farmer leaders have called for a jail bharo agitation.Police have deployed para-military forces at the KRS dam and at Mandya while Tamil films are taken off the screen at Kollegal in Chamarajnagar district as a precautionary measure. The vehicular traffic remains affected at the areas bordering Tamil Nadu where vehicles are stopped at the check-posts.High drama was witnessed at Mandya when the cops picked up Made Gowda. The octogenarian leader was angry and upset that the CM Jagadish Shettar had failed them. This comes hours after the Karnataka Rajya Raitha Sangha leaders KS Puttannaiah and KS Nanjundegowda were arrested at the KRS dam site when they were protesting the release of water. \"The leaders were taken into preventive custody and released later,\" IGP (Southern Range) K Ramachandra Rao told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "amethi", "code": "17529025", "title": "Rahul hardsells retail FDI in Amethi", "text": "AMETHI: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi on Friday met party workers in Amethi and tried to dispel 'myths' attached to FDI by the opposition parties.Briefing party workers about the cash transfer subsidy, Rahul asked block-level party workers to spread awareness about the Centre's schemes.He also tried to infuse responsibility among them and asked them to pull up their socks for the 2014 elections. It was time, Rahul said, for party workers to fan out with the party's message about FDI, cash transfer subsidy and Congress tirade against corruption.\"Our achievements need to be publicized among the local people before others manage to take advantage of the situation,\" he said. \"No one is big or small in a party. Each and every member is important,\" Rahul said, adding that he and his family are connected to Amethi not because it's their parliamentary constituency but because they see the people of Amethi as their family. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17530657", "title": "Motherhood has always been on Hathaway's mind", "text": "Actress Anne Hathaway says she always wanted to have a baby but kept her career as her priority.Hathaway, 30, dreamed of becoming a mother ever since she was 16 years old. The actress, who married Adam Shulman in September, says now she has the latter to raise a family with.\"I've wanted to be a mom since I was 16,\" thesun.co.uk quoted Hathaway as saying.\"But I also wanted to have a career, so I have been chomping at the bit to be a mother for a really long time. I also had to find a baby daddy first - which I now have,\" she added.The actress will soon be seen in movie \"Les Misrables\", which also stars Russell Crowe and Hugh Jackman . It is slated to release Dec 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17528581", "title": "Bratya to visit state varsities in January", "text": "KOLKATA: Come January and education minister Bratya Basu and West Bengal Higher Education Council chairman Sugata Marjit will take a tour to all universities in the state. It is time for the universities and affiliating colleges to sit up and take a note of the problems bothering them since education minister Bratya Basu and West Bengal Higher Education Council chairman Sugata Marjit will make a tour of all universities starting from January.\"We would like to go on an inspection since it is important to know the problems being faced by the universities and colleges. The institutes also need to be updated about funds which they can seek from the government for upgradation which they haven't done till now,\" said state education minister Bratya Basu.Basu said that they would first visit Burdwan University and Vidyasagar University in January. He added \"we will visit Burdwan university and Vidyasagar university in January.Then next stop will be at Gourbanga University and North Bengal University. In February, we will sit with the officials of Calcutta University and then one by one with others,\" he added. The minister also said that all the vice-chancellors have been asked to sit with the college principals and discuss about better utilization of funds. tnn\"It will benefit the infrastructure like building of laboratories, new classrooms, common rooms and staff rooms. The government website has already been updated with the funds which the universities and colleges can claim for development,\" Basu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531989", "title": "Will Charan involve in Salman Khan's Dabangg 2?", "text": "The rapport shared by mega powerstar Ram Charan and Big Bollywood hero Salman Khan is known to all. So, if there is an issue regarding Salman's latest venture 'Dabangg 2' which involves Tollywood, will Charan gets there to solve it or not?'Dabangg 2' is right now rubbing some shoulders of Tollywood on a wrong side. With the Censor of the movie done the other day, reports from Mumbai are saying that this flick has some scenes directly lifted from Pawan Kalyan's superhit 'Gabbar Singh'. Antyakshari episode, Kabaddi fight sequence and Brahmi carrying Pawan's cut-out to terrify villains are some of the scenes that are copied into Dabangg 2, an insider revealed.Producer Ganesh however is planning to take the action only after looking at the theatrical version of the movie when it release. So in that case, is Cherry going to handle this whole issue being a good friend of both the sides?Talk is that, Charan has already given a word to both the sides that he will take care of the issue if there is any. So, between Pawan Kalyan and Salman Khan, there is Charan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17529057", "title": "Youth arrested for Facebook post", "text": "Bhubaneswar: Close on the heels of the Supreme Court seeking explanation from the Maharashtra government on the arrest of two girls for posting comments on Bal Thackeray on Facebook, Rourkela police arrested a person in the Steel City on Friday for allegedly posting a distorted picture of a particular religion on the social networking site. Police said Pintu Sahu, a resident of Rourkela under Brahmani Taranga police limits, posted the picture on Facebook a few days ago, following which members of a particular community informed police about it. \"After we came to know about the incident, we launched a manhunt. The youth was arrested from his house, where we found the same picture on his desktop. He also confessed to the act,\" said Sudarshan Sethi, additional SP, Rourkela. Rourkela police justified the arrest saying the person was arrested on the basis of 66 (A) of IT act. \"We took suo motto cognizance of the post on Facebook, amounting to blasphemy,\" said Rourkela SP Himanshu Kumar Lal. Eminent lawyer Narasingha Mishra, however, said the law needs to be reconsidered. \"Innocent persons are being arrested under cover of the law. The wordage of this particular ACT needs to be reconsidered,\" he said. A two-judge bench of Supreme Court had issued notices to the Union government on a PIL challenging the legality of the section under which the two Mumbai girls were arrested recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17528582", "title": "State secretary reviews metro progress", "text": "PUNE: State chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia on Friday held a review meeting on the Pune metro project and asked the PMC to speed up the process to set up a special purpose vehicle (SPV) to facilitate the project's implementation.The meeting held at YASHADA was attended by municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak and other officials. Banthia reviewed the steps the PMC has taken to set up the SPV.While approving the project in June, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had stated that the project is now urgent and the state government will forward the detailed project report (DPR) to the Union urban development ministry, Planning Commission and the Finance ministry for approval. The state had also asked for holding monthly review meetings on the project.\"Every month a review meeting is held to take stock of the situation and discuss possible steps to speed up the project,\" municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said. The state government is preparing a memorandum of understanding (MOU), to be signed between the state and the Union government. Once signed, it would expedite the joint venture, bringing out the financial involvement of each party, liability for loans raised, the administrative control in the SPV, a policy on fare structure and operational subsidy.In June this year, the state cabinet had given its nod for the much-awaited metro rail project, approving the 14.9-km elevated route from Vanaz to Ramwadi. The cabinet had also decided to set up the Pune Metro Rail Corporation ( PMRC) to implement the project , which is to be completed in five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17528573", "title": "No-union women's varsity on cards", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government is setting up a university exclusively for women where male teachers will be barred. The state decided on this to avoid the situation it faced in Lady Brabourne College, where a section of guardians threatened to withdraw their wards if male teachers were inducted as permanent faculty.Not only teachers, even top administrative officials like the vice-chancellor and the registrar of the varsity will be women. It is coming up at Diamond Harbour in South 24-Parganas - a district with low female literacy rate.Conceived on the lines of Bethune and Lady Brabourne colleges, the university won't have room for unions - be it of students, teachers or non-teaching staff. \"The draft bill does not specify this clause because such bodies do not come under the purview of the bill. However, the university statute may spell out the provision to eliminate chances of disruption and violence on campus that the state has been witnessing these days,\" a higher education official said.Education minister Bratya Basu is likely to table the West Bengal Women's University Bill in the Assembly on Monday.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has been closely following the models in institutes like the IITs and the Bengal Engineering and Science University, where there is no recognised union. These have often emerged as a parallel power structure, affecting the university administration.The CM is not in a hurry though. She wants a larger debate on this and has therefore left it to universities to decide their own course. As the first step to discipline the institutes that have witnessed violence on campus - the recent being the fracas at Calcutta University where Trinamool chief whip in the Assembly Sobhandeb Chattopadhyay was assaulted - the CM has prodded the higher education department to frame a code of conduct. CU vice-chancellor Suranjan Das has already banned meetings and rallies during class hours.If the code of conduct is any indication, the women's university won't have any union - student, teacher and employee - on security grounds, though such a move might spark a debate in the academia.Mamata Banerjee government has taken this initiative with a view to bring in more women in the precincts of higher learning like the British did in the late 19th century by setting up women's college such as Bethune and Brabourne.The Bill has been drafted on the lines of the West Bengal Universities (Amendment) Act, 2011, with provisions for policy making bodies such as The Court and the Executive Council and academic bodies such as faculty council and board of studies. Representation to these bodies would be similar to other state universities with no provision for student representation in the highest policy making bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17527808", "title": "Salwa Judum leader Chinnaram Gota , bodyguard gunned down in Bastar", "text": "RAIPUR: Armed Maoists gunned down Chinnaram Gota, a leader of the controversial anti-naxalite movement 'Salwa Judum', and one of his bodyguards at village Kuprel in Farsegarh area in tribal Bijapur district of Chhattisgarh.Police said, the incident took place when Chinnaram Gota, who had actively participated in the anti-naxalite movement which began in June 2005, went to his farm accompanied by two of his body guards. The rebels opened indiscriminate firing, killing Gota on the spot. His bodyguards returned fire, but one of them sustained serious bullet injures. One of the bodyguards later succumbed to his injuries.Before fleeing from the spot, the rebels set ablaze the vehicle of the Salwa Judum leader and also took away three rifles.Meanwhile, in a separate incident Maoists killed a peon working in a local school, by slitting his throat at village Amapani in Kanker district. The rebels also left a pamphlet, stating that the person was being punished for being a police informer.After the Salwa Judum, the anti-naxalite movement, the Maoists have been targeting all those who had actively participated in the movement. About a month ago, the rebels made an attempt on the life of senior Congress leader Mahendra Karma , a prominent anti-naxalite movement leader and former leader of the opposition in the assembly, by trying to blow up his vehicle in a landmine blast. However, Karma, who enjoys Z plus security cover, had a narrow escape.For the last couple of years, almost all leaders of the Salwa Judum are under tight security and the police had even advised them not to move out of their villages, without providing prior information to the security personnel.The rebels opened indiscriminate firing, killing Gota on the spot. His bodyguards returned fire, but one of them sustained serious injures and later succumbed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527441", "title": "Foreign flavour at kite fest", "text": "NEW DELHI: For kite flyers, the sky is a canvas that they paint with their imagination. Over 32 passionate flyers are going to unbound their imaginations on Saturday and Sunday in the capital at the Delhi International Kite Flying Festival organized by the Delhi Tourism department. Five of these participants are from France, UK and Indonesia who bring their kite flying traditions and unique artwork to the city.Michele Gressier, from Toulouse, France, is a painter by profession but nothing excites him more than seeing his paintings float in the air. Michele hand paints each kite giving it an original shape and look. \"I can make kites all day. They are the same as painting. The experience of seeing these art works in the sky is also a memorable experience for people,\" says Michele.He owns two kite making companies, one that focuses on 'creative' kites, and the other that makes kites for commercial events. \"As you know Toulouse is a beautiful city with a lot of castles and heritage structures, it gives a lot of importance to kite art. There is also a kite flying field near my house,\" adds Michele. He has participated in kite festivals across Europe, Japan and the kite festival in Ahmedabad. His kites are fancied by a number of art connoisseurs. The price ranges from 500 euros for small simple works to around 30,000 euros for his work that's displayed at the kite museum (Tako-No-Hakubutsukan) in Japan.For Derek Kuhn, from Sollihul in UK, kites are symbolic of the community's relationship with nature. Kuhn who holds kite-making workshops for children says that he tries to help them develop a liking for the wilderness and other aspects of nature through kite-making. \"I don't think kite-making is only about having fun. When the wind is behind you and you look in to the sky and see the trees on the horizon, it's a beautiful experience,\" says Kuhn.Graham Lockwood, also from UK is going to put a kite flying performance that Delhiites have never seen. He will fly three kites at a time. One each with his hands, another tied to his waist. Not just that, he is going to synchronize his movements to music. \"I started flying kites 15 years ago when I used to make them for my children. But I realized that I was more interested in flying kites than my children. It's a hobby very close to my heart and it takes me all around the world,\" says Lockwood who would be flying his kites in India for the first time. While flying three kites at a time, Lockwood needs to concentrate properly. \"It's like juggling. I try to avoid all distractions while performing,\" he adds.In Indonesia, kite flying holds a spiritual significance. It's a way of thanking the gods for a good harvest and in anticipation of a better crop next season. Bebean (fish-shaped), Janggan (bird-shaped) and Pecukan (leaf-shaped) are three traditional kites flown during this kite festival. Elly from Bali who is going to participate in the Delhi festival is excited and has come armed with a variety of kites.Holding a kite made of dry banana skin she says, \"This is a biodegradable kite. It's light and sturdy at the same time. In Bali, 25 people fly one kit. But, only three of us have come to Delhi so it's going to be hard work.\" Elly owns a boutique hotel in Bali on the theme of kites. She also says that the concept of flying kites in Bali is a lot to do with Hindu gods like Shiva and Ganesha. \"It's very similar to rituals in India.\"Except from these vibrant kites by foreign participants there will also be many unique kites from India which will dot the sky during the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17526898", "title": "Soon, travel to Konkan aboard Maharashtra e luxury buses", "text": "MUMBAI: Instead of just booking your resort for a weekend tour to Konkan, how if you get a total package - a luxury drive, resorts, variety of destinations, cuisines, sea-food, site-seeing, guide, stay with locals in their farms and entertainment-- at oMaharashtra e luxury busesne go?The Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) on Friday flagged off two state-of-the-art Volvo buses on a pilot basis on the Mumbai-Konkan and the Pune-Kolhapur-Konkan routes. The buses have facilities like oven, coffee machine, refrigerator, Wi-Fi, LCD TV and toilet (chemical disposal of waste). The MTDC has bought five such buses at a cost of Rs 5.5 crore and plans to use them to offer two-four day travel packages to tourists.Said MTDC MD Jagdish Patil, \"An agency to run the tour packages and maintain these buses will be in place by the third week of January and the full-fledged operations will start then. Volvo has offered to train the drivers. Attractive routes, resorts and fares are now being finalized.\" said Patil. pointing it as an attempt to help tourists avoid long hours of driving and rush for railway reservations.With 43 semi-sleeper seats, the buses will mostly offer day-time journeys and night stays. \"Tourists will only have to take travel kits with them as refreshments will be served aboard the buses,\" said Patil. The package will offer up to 1,300-km drive.\"We preferred buses and day-time journeys so that people can enjoy Konkan scenery alongside the Arabian sea,\" Patil added.\"The proposed route from Mumbai covers Harihareshwar, Murud-Janjira, Lota Parshuram Temple, Baate Beach, Sindudurgh, Malvan-Tarkarli, Kudaleshwar and Sawantwadi. The proposed itinerary from Pune includes Kolhapur and forts of Shivaji,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17526124", "title": "Property expo in city from December 8", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Central Bank of India , in association with The Times of India, is organizing a housing loan and property expo called \"CENTSWAPNA\" at NEDFi House here from December 8 to 10. Credit officer of the bank, Sudhir Kr Onkara, said reputed developers and builders of Guwahati are participating in the fair. Besides housing loans at competitive rates of interest, zero processing charges and repayment period of up to 30 years, the bank is also offering combo loans for both house and car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531844", "title": "Anurag Kashyap roped-in twelve directors for 'The Last Act'", "text": "Anurag Kashyap's The Last Act is a unique idea where 12 filmmakers from 12 cities were shortlisted from 500 entries by Anurag Kashyap, Sudhir Mishra and Chakri Toleti. These 12 directors were given concepts to make a 10 minute long film.The initial plot of the film was written by Anurag Kashyap however the 12 directors have shot the rest of the film. Interestingly these 12 stories are 12 parts of the same feature film. The film is the story of a psychopath killer who commits a crime and leaves 12 clues around the body. The 12 directors were asked to make a film each surrounding the clue left in 12 different cities in the country.What is fascinating about the whole concept is that though the 12 directors have made the 12 films which is then intertwined to make a feature film but these 12 directors have not met each other or spoken to each other even once. Says Anurag: \"I have always said that making a film is just about telling a story. And The Last Act is one such journey for us and 12 film makers that we chose from across India. We had seen it as just another collaboration... but it has taken such a large shape that it has stunned us all. It's an exciting shot in the arm for indie, short film makers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17526350", "title": "Protest in Imphal against woman's murder", "text": "IMPHAL: A large number of people on Friday staged a demonstration in Imphal West's Haobam Marak area in protest against the brutal murder of a local woman.The protest was staged a few hours after the identity of the victim was ascertained by the bereaved family members. The body of the victim, Memchoubi (48), was found with a deep cut on her neck. The body was found on the Langol-Lamdeng Road in Imphal West on November 30 and the government disposed it as an unclaimed body on Tuesday.The body was identified after police matched the type and colour of clothes Memchoubi was said to be wearing on the day she left home.Memchoubi's family thought that she had gone to Moreh town to buy goods as she was a small-scale trader and she frequently visited Moreh. However, when they couldn't contact her, a search operation was launched, sources said.According to the family members, Memchoubi left her residence on November 29 after receiving a call from a man. The protesters demanded that the government pull up and punish Memchoubi's killers at the earliest.On the other hand, a protest rally was staged in the Patsoi area here to denounce the abduction of two excavator operators of an Imphal-based private construction firm for a ransom. They also demanded the safe release of the two.H Suresh (22) of Khaidem area in Imphal West and J Barbuiya (27) of Assam's Hailakandi were kidnapped by four unknown persons on November 24 from Keithelmanbi area along the Imphal-Silchar highway, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531052", "title": "People's opinion doesn't bother Aditya Redij", "text": "TV actor Aditya Redij, best remembered as the Raghav of popular show \" Na Aana Is Des Laado\", says he doesn't get affected by people's opinion.\"When I do my work, when I am acting, I do it with my full involvement and I genuinely want people to like it. If people don't like it, it's their opinion. It doesn't really affect me what people think. I do what I believe in,\" says the 28-year-old.The actor is currently seen as Prithvi in Junoon - Aisi Nafrat, Toh Kaisa Ishq .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17528066", "title": "Response for Nagpur Municipal Corporation call seeking suggestions for new tax system poor", "text": "NAGPUR: The process for the implementation of capital-based property tax is in its final stages. This may lead to a steep hike the tax amount, nearly 2 to 3 times of the existing tax rate.Surprisingly, only 10 out of the total 5,33,884 property taxpayers in the city have submitted their suggestions and objections till Friday, the second last date for filing response on the new tax scheme. However, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has extended the deadline to December 18. NMC began the process to introduce the new property tax system in 2011.NMC and the taxpayers are completely new to the capital-based property tax system. The method of calculating property tax in this system is based on various factors. Property tax may increase to a great extent, but NMC has made it clear that the tax amount will not be double the existing rate. This is because the state government has created a ceiling for the tax amount.Sources in the property tax department said that only 10 suggestions and objections have been received till date. Among the 10 submissions, few are from social organizations.A senior NMC official told TOI that the new system aims to create transparency in property tax and also rake in revenue for the civic body. \"Government introduced capital-based property tax in 2010. NMC will introduce the new tax system from the current fiscal. The new system will come into effect after taking into consideration the suggestions and objections and thereafter approval from the Government,\" he said.Secretary of Jan Aakrosh, Ravi Kaskhedikar told TOI that the taxpayers should know the pros and cons of capital-based property tax system which is new to all. \"Jan Aakrosh has been fighting for the welfare of taxpayers since its inception. The response to NMC's call is very low. Therefore, a meeting of taxpayers and social organizations has been convened on December 8 at the office of Jan Aakrosh situated at Pushkunj building, Ramdaspeth. Jan Aakrosh will submit its suggestions and objections after taking the views from those present. The citizens may also contact us (9422105911) for details about the meeting,\" he said.Kaskhedikar also said that the citizens are finding it difficult to get copies of the gazette notification. \"Suggestions and objections are to be submitted at only the head office of the property tax department which is in Mahal. NMC should accept the suggestions and objections at its zone offices, where tax payments are accepted,\" he said.However, NMC officials clarified that the suggestions and objections are also accepted at the zone offices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17531744", "title": "India slump to 0-3 defeat as Australia surge into Champions Trophy final", "text": "MELBOURNE: An injury-hit India proved no match to defending champions Australia as it lost 0-3 in a lop-sided semifinal clash on Saturday and will now have to fight it out for a bronze in the Champions Trophy hockey tournament.Australia scored through captain Jamie Dwyer (fifth and 18th minutes) and Kieran Govers (42nd) after enjoying territorial domination against the Indians, who were often forced to fall back and defend against the rampant rival strikers.Australia stayed on course for their fifth successive title, setting up a final against Olympic silver medallists Netherlands, who outplayed Pakistan 5-2 in the other semifinal.India's Cinderella run came to an end, but they stay in contention for their first Champions Trophy medal in three decades. India will take on Pakistan, in a sub-continental clash on Sunday for the bronze medal.India's only Champions Trophy medal, a bronze, came in 1982. Pakistan edged past India to claim bronze medals for three successive years from 2002-04.Playing a fast dominant game, Australia on Saturday pressed the accelerator from the beginning and forced their first penalty corner in the second minute, but Christopher Ciriello's rising shot was ruled as a foul for going into onrushing defender's body.Dwyer opened the scoring in the fifth minute, capitalising on a rebound during Australia's second penalty, after Ciriello's drag-flick was blocked by a defender.The Aussies increased the lead in the 18th minute by converting a penalty stroke, which was awarded when a foul was committed on Dwyer in a scoring position.Dwyer had already taken two shies. The first one was blocked by goalkeeper TR Potunuri and the second shot rebounded back into play off post.India opened up to mount a few raids midway through the first session, but did not cause much trouble to the Australian defence.Striker Kieren Govers flicked into an open goal for Australia's third goal seven minutes after half-time when the Indian defence was beaten by a square pass from Trent Mitton.Australia could have added a couple of more goals as errors crept into the Indian defence, which was under pressure for most of the game. But Goalkeeper Potunuri made some fine saves on penalty corners.India's only look at the rival goal was in the 45th minute when Danish Kaneria took a shy off a pass from SV Sunil, who played on Saturday despite a hamstring injury, as did captain Sardar Singh and Manpreet Singh.India could not force any penalty corner on Saturday, as twice the awards were changed after video referral, while Australia earned six penalty corners in this match.Earlier, Olympic silver medallists Netherlands secured passage into the final after a gap of six years.The Dutch, eight-time Champions Trophy title winners, dominated the semifinal throughout to surge into the final for the first time since they won the title in 2006 in Spain.Livewire striker Billy Bakker opened the scoring with a flash strike in the second minute and added another goal in similar manner in the 32nd minute to give Netherlands a 3-1 lead at the interval.Severiano van Ass (20th minute) scored the other Dutch goal in the first session, while Pakistan reduced the lead after Netherlands conceded an own-goal.Field goals from Valentin Verga(46th minute) and Robbert Kemperman (61th) put the game beyond the reach of Pakistan, who got a consolation goal in the last minute through Shakeel Abbasi.Olympic champions Germany will play Champions Trophy debutants Belgium for the fifth spot, after the Germans defeated New Zealand 6-4 and Belgium outplayed England 4-0 for their first win in five matches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17529343", "title": "Human chain calms down protesters", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was not a posse of gun-toting security forces but a civilian human chain that stopped namazis from moving towards Charminar and Lad Bazaar as they emerged from the Mecca Masjid after the Friday prayers, which passed off peacefully.Despite a mob of 100 pelting stones at media and towards police vehicles, a group of around 20 civilians from different civil society organisations firmly held hands from the north-east gate of the Mecca Masjid to the Government Nizamia Tibbi leaving namazis no choice but use other routes to return home.Police said the idea was to bridge the yawning gap between security personnel and local residents with a chain of civilians, thinking they could save the day and avoid unnecessary clashes and bloodshed. They went back to the tried and tested strategy after trouble broke out on previous occasions immediately after Friday prayers at the Mecca Masjid. On some occasions in the past, even women volunteers from peace committees had stood steadfastly in between police and protesters .Apart from a few instances of stone pelting, the day was virtually incident free, thanks to the local Peace Committee which came to the aid of the police, witnesses said. Human chains were formed in at least at two other locations, including Rajesh Medical Hall at Shah Ali Banda and Panchmohalla. Convincing residents not to congregate at the Mecca Masjid was also on the group's agenda.\"We spent hours together yesterday trying to convince people not to gather at the mosque on Friday. We were given phones and a car by authorities to remain connected and maintain peace,\" said one peacemaker .However, the Mecca Masjid recorded a turnout of around 5,000 namazis , lesser than usual Fridays, despite the MIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi's impassioned pleas to people at Darussalaam on Sunday to congregate in large numbers for the prayers.When some sections of the crowd did begin shouting slogans and pelting stones, a familiar voice implored namazis to leave the mosque premises peacefully over loudspeakers, which was another strategy that worked wonders. \"I request you to maintain law and order. Please do not do anything rash and go home or to your place of business. The Mecca Masjid is being vilified for no reason,\" a proprietor of a restaurant who is popular with locals appealed on the loudspeaker.Civil society activists and locals however maintained that a reduction in the number of security forces would see a decline in slogan shouting and trouble. \"The crowd doesn't want their movement to be restricted. That's all they want. If police presence is decreased, there will be no such demonstrations,\" Syed Mehdi, a resident of Hussaini Alam who has been offering namaz at the Mecca Masjid for the last 20 years said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17440822", "title": "Is F***dom of speech a privilege or a curse?", "text": "In view of the latest arrests over comments posted by people on social networking websites, we look at the way aheadApril 12, 2012 : Professor Ambikesh Mohapatra was arrested for circulating a picture spoof on Trinamool Congress boss Mamata Banerjee .September 9, 2012 : Cartoonist Aseem Trivedi was arrested on charges of sedition, for drawing India's national emblem of the four Sarnath lions of King Asoka as bloodthirsty wolves.Oct 30, 2012 : Ravi Srinivasan was arrested for posting a tweet to 16 followers saying that Karti Chidambaram, son of finance minister P Chidambaram , had \"amassed more wealth than Vadra\".Nov 19, 2012 : Two girls were arrested for comments on Facebook criticising the shutdown in Mumbai during the funeral of Shiv Sena president Bal Thackeray .Nov 28, 2012 : Sunil Vishwakarma, a student, was handed over to the Palghar police by MNS activists for his alleged abusive comments against Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS ) leader Raj Thackeray .2013: Will it be you?It seems that we are now living in a time when people want to speak their mind, but are hesitant to do so. \"What's really surprising is how meekly we take this suppression that's going on. How quietly we are living, paralysed by fear. In a democracy, the citizen owns the country \u00e2\u20ac\u201d all the government officials, civic bodies, all of them work for you and me. I don't know why we don't see that, or have a sense of entitlement to that,\" expresses singer-music director Vishal Dadlani. Vishal recently shot a music video for the track Tomorrow's Decided, the lyrics of which revolve around standing up for what's right.Like Vishal, who chose music as his medium, cartoonist Aseem too chose cartoons to express what he felt was right. Terming the arrests as a 'Bachkani harkat', Aseem points out that all the arrests have had one thing in common \u00e2\u20ac\u201d politicians.Act-ion ReplayGautam John, who used to be a lawyer with a focus on copyright laws and has also been an entrepreneur, created a petition to re-look at Section 66A. \"I started it as a way for citizens to document their positions against 66A, and the hope that it would be used as evidence of broad support for a process of re-writing 66A,\" he shares. Speaking of the Act, that was created in 2000, advocate Nagnath Gorwadkar feels that before arresting people, the people who are part of the law \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the police, judge and the prosecutor \u00e2\u20ac\u201d need to understand Information Technology first. \"The guidelines in IT Act, 66A, were created 12 years back. And technology is ahead by 100 years now. They need to understand that emails are not the only medium. My only worry is even though the Act gets amended, if the people serving the law do not have thorough knowledge of it, what's the use? As far as the 'up to 3 years of jail is concerned', I feel this shouldn't be a part of the amended Act. I think there should only be a fine.\"Misuse of powerAseem calls this sheer misuse of power. \"Till date, why has no politician been arrested because of the gaalis and language he/she uses in speeches? Why target the common man?\" asks Aseem. We're too easily threatened \u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhether it's our freedom of speech, or something else, feels Vishal. \"We should stand for what is right, and I don't know why we don't do that. I don't want to be bullied or flustered by having a law passed that denies me basic freedom,\" he adds.So does this mean that if one offends another on the internet, one can be arrested? \"The Act could be misused hence it needs to be amended. Tomorrow anyone can walk up to your door with the cops and say 'He abused me on the internet'. Hence, when the IT Act, 66A is amended, they need to decide what kind of material should be included,\" shares advocate Gorwadkar.So in a country where your opinion now comes with a price you may have to pay later, what can the aam janta do? Signing petitions to bring in change is an option, as Gautam puts it. \"Click-tivism is a lot easier now. It is one evidentiary input into lawmaking and advocacy,\" he says.What Section 66 (A) of IT Act says-Punishment for sending offensive messages via electronic mail message.-Any electronic mail message that is grossly offensive or is menacing.-Any false information causing annoyance, insult, danger.-Causing inconvenience.-Deceiving or misleading recipient.-If guilty, faces up to 3 years in jail and a penalty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17528734", "title": "Couple living on land under dispute abducted", "text": "Visakhapatnam: A couple was allegedly kidnapped at gun point by a gang of 10 members in Old Gajuwaka on Friday over a land dispute.After receiving a complaint from relatives of the victims, police swung into action but the whereabouts of the kidnapped couple were not known till late in the night.According to sources, Jandhyala Acchibabu (50), a tailor, and his wife Eswaramma were staying on a small piece of land that was mired in a dispute for the past two decades.Acchibabu had allegedly occupied the site that originally belonged to Bonda Venkata Parameswari, who approached court and won the case. Despite that, when Acchibabu failed to vacate the place, Parmeswari sold away the site to one Dadi Ravi Kumar a couple of years ago. Ravi Kumar later sold the land to a realtor Satyanarayana, who had been trying to evict the couple from the site.Early Friday morning, a gang of 10 persons entered the house and threatened Acchibabu and his wife with guns and swords before beating them severely. The couple was forcibly dragged out of the house and taken away in a four-wheeler, according to police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17528521", "title": "Cases of condoned delays may lose leases", "text": "PANAJI: The state government may have to review all 42 mining leases that were brought back to life by condoning the delay in the renewal process by the past state governments.The central empowered committee has recommended that the Supreme Court direct the state government to review and cancel all these leases if they are found to be not permissible.After the mining concessions were converted into leases in 1988, the leases were to be renewed by the cut-off date of November 1988. But, taking upon itself the powers to condone the delay, the state government renewed the leases.The CEC, in its interim report, said the condonation of delays by the state of Goa in respect of the mining leases for which the applications for first renewal of the mining leases were not filed within the time limit prescribed under the Mineral Concession Rules, 1960, may be directed to be reviewed by the state of Goa and cancelled if found to be not permissible.\"The details of the officers and others found responsible for such lapses may be directed to be placed before the SC for appropriate directions. Till such time mining leases may not be permitted to resume mining operations,\" states the report. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17528720", "title": "Panel to look into increasing PG seats", "text": "MYSORE: The intake to postgraduate courses at the University of Mysore could go up allowing poor and meritorious students access to post graduation.The varsity on Friday decided to constitute a panel of experts who will evaluate if the intake to undergraduate and postgraduate courses can be increased without affecting research activities, which according to vice chancellor V G Talawar and some other members is the primary task of PG departments. There were divergent views when the issue was discussed at the Academic Council. A section of members accused the varsity of going soft on private and autonomous colleges which had defaulted on meeting the criteria set for offering postgraduate courses.They questioned as to why the intake for PG courses offered by private colleges was increased even though they lacked infrastructure and qualified teachers. They demanded the varsity to adopt the same set of criteria and increase the seats in PG courses offered by the university, which has both the infrastructure and faculty.The issue was raised following a report submitted by a committee that was asked to review nine colleges which had applied for a rise in the intake of 15 PG courses.The report pointed out that there were several lacunae and that the colleges were not eligible for increasing their intake.The issue of increasing the number of seats in the university's PG departments was opposed by a group of members who argued that the departments were primarily aimed at promoting research activities and not restricted to teaching alone.Talawar subscribed to this view even when dean, faculty of science and technology, Syed Akheel Ahmed, admitted that infrastructure was underutilized at the PG departments. The VC said the varsity does not fix the intake limit, but the departments have not sought an increase, he said.Talawar added that there was a lack of classrooms to conduct classes and that PG departments could not be compared with colleges where teaching is the basic focus. The academic council nevertheless decided to set up a committee to look into this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17527521", "title": "'Virtual' escape route for criminals may cease to exist in state jails", "text": "LUCKNOW: The undertrials will no longer be able to give cops a slip during court hearings. To curb the incidents of undertrials escape from police custody and reduce the burden of the district police, 12 full-fledged virtual courtrooms will be set up on the Lucknow jail premises in the coming months. Jail authorities have confirmed that 12 separate sound-proof cabins, equipped with high quality video conferencing systems, would be established at Lucknow district jail and virtual trials will be conducted within the jail boundaries. Lawyers of the undertrials or convicts would be present in such cabins and argue on behalf of their clients.So far undertrials and convicts kept complaining about the absence of private lawyers when they were presented in front of magistrate via video link, confirmed senior officials. \"Undertrials or convicts will have the option of appointing private lawyers other than state counsels, once separate enclosures are set up,\" said Dr Sharad Kulshreshtha, DIG (prison) Lucknow. The need to transport undertrials or convicts to courts will also become limited.In past few years several notorious undertrials had escaped from police custody from Lucknow session court premises due to laxity of policemen. On October 6, the accused of the student murder case that took place in Naka Hindola area of the city, Dinesh Tiwari, fled from the Lucknow district court. In past four to five years, 13 hardcore criminals have escaped from the district court.In fact, several high profile undertrials, including the prime accused in the CMO Dr Vinod Kumar Arya murder case, Sudhakar Pandey who now carries a reward of Rs 50,000, fled from the court in September 2010. The two alleged terrorists of Lakshar-e-Taiba Mohammad Sayeed and Mohammad Maqsood, against whom red corner notice was issued by Interpol , also escaped from the session court after firing at few policemen in 2007. \"The whereabouts of the two are still now known and we suspect the duo have crossed the border,\" said Vinay Chandra the police official, who followed the case closely. Two undertrials, including Dinesh Tiwari, fled from the district court in 2012.Kulshreshtha added that the virtual trials will not only curb the cases of undertrials escaping from the custody of the police, but also save manpower and expedite the trial process. \"The number of trials will go up significantly with time and chances of undertrials escaping from the custody will be minimal,\" he said. The conviction rate of Uttar Pradesh is one of the poorest in countries and cases of hardcore anti-social elements escaping from the courts only end up adding burden on the police. Moreover, police officials deputed on the duty at the court are also suspended and sent to jail in case an accused escapes from their custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17526689", "title": "Kangaroo Kids again rated best preschool in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The Kangaroo Kids preschool in Vael's Billabong High International School, Neelankarai, has been voted the top preschool in Chennai. This is the third consecutive year that parents, teachers and experts in the field have rated it as the number one preschool in the city.A survey of 128 preschools across the country by market research agency C-Fore, commissioned by Education World magazine, ranks The Magic Years, Vasant Vihar, as the most admired preschool in Delhi. Kangaroo Kids, Bandra, topped in Mumbai, Eurokids, Salt Lake , in Kolkata, Headstart Montessori, Koramangala, in Bangalore and the Indus Early Learning Centre, Jubilee Hills, in Hyderabad.Bambino Kindergarten and Primary School in R A Puram, and Vruksha in Alwarpet were ranked second and third in Chennai. Srishti Montessori School in Nungambakkam, EuroKids in Anna Nagar, SEED in Adyar, Bamboola in R A Puram, Learning Tree in Adyar, Vanilla Play School in R A Puram and Visva Vidya Mandir-Little Millennium in Anna Nagar were also on the list of top preschools in Chennai.The survey, conducted from May, had 2,284 respondents including parents, with at least one child in each preschool, teachers and principals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17527663", "title": "MCH superintendent, employee suspended over bribery charges", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kozhikode Medical College Hospital superintendent, Dr P Muraleedharan Namboodiri and the hospital development society staffer, T Raghunathan were suspended from the posts following bribery charges against them in staff appointments.MCH principal Dr C Ravindran suspended the superintendent in the evening on the basis of a direction given by the Kerala state health department. A department-level inquiry is likely to be conducted against the superintendent based on complaints of his alleged involvement in the appointment of staff by taking bribe.Raghunathan was suspended earlier in the morning after a meeting the medical college principal had with the DYFI leaders who had taken out a protest demanding his removal.The DFYI activists had gheraoed the principal Dr Ravindran in the morning demanding the removal of the superintendent from the post for his alleged involvement in recruiting cleaners, security staff and nurses with the help of Raghunathan for the last two years. The DYFI had asked the principal to order an inquiry into all these recruitments.Tension prevailed for a while when the hospital staff tried to block the entry of the DYFI activists to the medical college. The tension was subsided only after ADM K P Ramadevi who reached the hospital agreed to take action against the superintendent after conducting an inquiry into the matter.The protesters alleged that large-scale illegal recruitments have been taken place in the hospital to the temporary posts of sweepers, security staff and nurses. They said that Raghunathan had played the role of middleman in the recruiting process. The candidates were lured to paying bribes citing that the posts will be made permanent later on.The district secretariat of the DYFI in a statement issued here on Friday said that it will stage protest if the government fails to conduct an inquiry into the appointments. They also charged that the UDF government has been neglecting the medical college.Meanwhile, hospital superintendent Dr P Muraleedharan Namboodiri said he has not taken any bribe and was ready to face any inquiry in the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17530241", "title": "Apur Sansar: Another film of Satyajit Ray's lost", "text": "Satyajit Ray's son Sandip tells us how apart from Pather Panchali, the screenplay of Apur Sansar too vanished 20 years ago and it wasn't before he wrote to the Cinematheque Francaise that he came to know of the lossTwo days after TOI broke the story about the original screenplay and storyboards of Satyajit Ray's iconic debut film Pather Panchali going missing from the Cinematheque Francaise, it appears the controversy runs deeper than it appears.Not only did the script of Pather Panchali go missing two decades ago, another classic by the legendary filmmaker vanished around the same time. Breaking his silence to TOI for the first time, the late director's son Sandip Ray said, \"We were shocked beyond belief. It wasn't just the original screenplay of Pather Panchali that disappeared from the Cinematheque Francaise. It was also the second shooting-script of my father's Apur Sansar that disappeared.\"Satyajit Ray was ailing at the time the incident occurred. Recalled Sandip, \"Twenty years ago when I wrote to Cinematheque Francaise about my father's manuscripts, I was shocked to get a reply saying the screenplay of Pather Panchali and the second shooting script of Apur Sansar were missing... just like that!\"The point to note is it wasn't the Cinematheque Francaise who took the initiative to inform Sandip of the missing masterpieces. \"We wouldn't have known about the loss if I hadn't written to them,\" reiterated Sandip and added, \"I didn't comprehend their apathy then. My father's cinema is celebrated in France. His films are watched avidly there and the DVDs are popular among the French to this day. Why would they be so callous about his work there?\"Satyajit Ray passed away without knowing his masterpieces had vanished. \"We didn't have the heart to tell my father about the loss. He was ailing and I felt it was best to keep this awful loss away from him. It would have pained him deeply,\" Sandip said.While Sandip is aware of the sense of apathy we in India have for such cinematic classics, what surprises him is such an irreparable loss could have occurred in a country like France.\"It's all the more surprising considering what a deep attachment my father had to France. I don't know what can be done about the loss. We have lived with it for 20 years. It has come into the public domain now. And it's so ironical this should come to light when we're celebrating 100 years of cinema. However, I am gratified and comforted to see the rest of the country's cinema enthusiasts share our family's anguish at the loss. We all must try to recover the lost material. If that is not possible, we must at least ensure such a tragic loss doesn't occur again,\" he said.The only saving grace being Ray Sr's works have been restored by the American Motion Picture of Sciences. \"That's how they've survived in a good condition in this country,\" said Ray Jr.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17527942", "title": "Lodge in flat scheme creating parking problems", "text": "NAGPUR: Many commercial establishments are operating from residential flat schemes without parking space, inconveniencing neighbours in the area.There are numerous such examples in localities like Abhyankar Nagar, Bajaj Nagar, Laxmi Nagar, New Ramdaspeth, Dharampeth, Shivaji Nagar etc. In fact, some buildings where such business activities are carried out have violated norms by not leaving parking space as per the building plans. One such case has come to fore in Abhyankar Nagar, and the problem may be common in other areas too.A number of complaints have been made against lodges and coaching classes operating in flat schemes without parking space. Nearby resident say that numerous vehicles are parked on roads outside such lodges and coaching classes, leaving the roads. Local residents and others coming to the localities are facing great inconvenience. The complainants said that NMC officials have remained mum despite a number of complaints.Abhyankar Nagar resident Ganesh Abhyankar told TOI a lodge at Jhenda Square in the area has become a nightmare for residents. \"The building constructed a couple of years ago is now being utilized as a lodge. Marriage parties too are staying at the building. There is no parking available, so cars and other vehicles are parked on the colony's interior roads. The parking space in the building has been covered and made into an office and approach road. Besides, some or the other activity keeps going on till midnight at the lodge, which is a nuisance for all. Citizens are fed up and NMC should initiate steps to solve the problem,\" he said.Some other residents of Abhyankar Nagar, including Kishor Wadnekar and Prashant Vinayak, too supported Abhyankar. \"Such lodges should not be allowed in residential areas. NMC should take note and come to the rescue of citizens,\" Vinayak said.Leader of opposition Vikas Thakre, who too belongs to Abhyankar Nagar, told TOI NMC officials are avoiding complaints. \"Citizens came to me and complained about problems due to the lodge in the residential area. I informed officials of Dharampeth Zone but no one is taking cognisance. NMC should check the building plan and actual construction on site to expose such irregularities,\" he said.According to sources, NMC sanctioned the building plan in 2007 for flats in the four-storey building and six shops on the ground floor. They said, \"Parking space was in front of the shops and building in a U-shape. The flats have been turned into a lodge in the name of serviced apartments. They are run in the name of Seven Suits and Serviced Apartments. Parking space has been occupied, leaving no space for vehicles. The building was constructed a couple of years ago. Earlier, the building used to be a hostel facility for students of coaching classes from other cities. Now, the building is a lodge. Similar cases may be seen in other localities too. Some residential buildings are also being used as coaching classes.\"Co-owner of the lodge Prashant Muley denied any inconvenience to nearby citizens. \"There are only four flats are in the building, and most of our customers are from other cities. Therefore, our customers rarely come with four-wheelers. The vehicles coming to the other shops are parked in front of the building, creating a problem. We are ready to talk to the citizens and sort out any issue,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17531158", "title": "'Your next boss could be a computer!'", "text": "LONDON: The first fully automatic computer system that can delegate tasks to human workers via crowd-sourcing has been developed by a US-based scientist.Daniel Barowy, a computer scientist at the University of Massachusetts , Amherst has created 'AutoMan' that delegates tricky problems to human workers through crowd-sourcing platforms such as Amazon's Mechanical Turk.\"I'd rather have a computer as my boss than a jerk,\" says Barowy.Artificial intelligence is improving all the time, but computers still struggle to complete certain tasks that are easy for us, such as quickly reading a car's license plate or translating a joke, the 'New Scientist' reported.To get round this, people can post such tasks on platforms like Mechanical Turk for others to complete. Barowy wanted to automate this process - and AutoMan was born.\"We think of it as a new kind of computing. It changes the kind of things you can do,\" said Barowy.Barowy and colleagues designed AutoMan to send out jobs, manage workers, accept or reject work and make payments. The quality guarantee is the most important contribution of the work, says Barowy.\"You're replacing people's bosses with a computer. Without a mechanism for addressing the quality of worker output, full automation is not possible,\" he said.Unlike existing crowd sourcing platforms, AutoMan doesn't attempt to predict the reliability of its workers based on their previous performance.Instead, if it is not sure it has the correct answer, it keeps on posting the same job, upping the fee each time, until it is confident that it does.\"One way to think about it is that it saves the interesting parts, the creative parts, or the fun parts for people. It's really the best of both worlds. You have the computer doing the grunt work,\" says Barowy.AutoMan could be used by developers of apps like VizWiz, in which blind people take a photo of their surroundings and receive a description of the scene.The algorithm could be incorporated into the app, sending the photos to crowd-workers, choosing the correct descriptions and sending them back to the app's user, the report said.AutoMan will be given a budget by the app developer and be programmed to keep costs down. Quicker - or higher quality - responses will cost more but AutoMan will manage all of this automatically, researchers said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17527940", "title": "Both aerobridges at airport now working", "text": "NAGPUR: Both aerobridges at Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport have finally become functional again. The use of Aerobridge 1 was restarted on Friday with IndiGo being the first airline to use it while Aerobridge 2 had begun functioning from December 1.Both the aerobridges were not being used for many months as the carpeting of apron area under them was not properly done. Airport authorities drew some flak for it as they were lying useless after spending great deal of time and money on them.\"Depressions were noticed on the apron where the wheels of the aircraft would be at the time of using the aerobridge. So, we decided to stop the service. Resurfacing of the apron area has been completed now. Aerobridge 2 has already begun to be used while Aerobridge 1 will start today,\" said P Anil Kumar , senior airport director.The apron had been freshly made when the defect was seen in May 2012 forcing closure of aerobridge services. Kumar added mending of the apron area was done without incurring any extra cost as the damage was spotted within the time in which contractor who made the apron was responsible for it.According to an earlier schedule, the Aerobridge 1 was to begin functioning on December 8. But as all the security clearances and permissions required were in place on Friday afternoon itself, it was decided that to put it to use immediately. Sources informed that the Aerobridge 2 which was started earlier was being used well by airlines. \"Around six flights are using that aerobridge daily,\" sources said.With, this, the passengers will not have to walk or use buses to reach the terminal building of the airport as they can directly enter and exit the planes from terminal building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "tripunithura", "code": "17528243", "title": "Kalamandalam Gopi in 10 heroic avatars", "text": "TRIPUNITHURA: For the connoisseurs of kathakali, it is going be a unique event. Sathwikam, staging of ten pacha (hero) characters, will be held at Seetharam Kalamandir in Tripunithura on Saturday night.Kalamandalam Gopi will present kanjadhalam, an immortal acting moment from Subhadra Haranam. Sadanam Krishnankutty and Kottakkal Chandrasekharan will also perform in other roles.\"Sathwikam is designed in such a way to explore the beauty of hero characters through 10 different artists,\" said Sathwikam president FACT Padmanabhan. Two years ago, the same group had created history by presenting rajasam, staging of 10 Katti (villain) characters.Kathakali play back singers such as Pathiyoor Sankarankutty, Kottakkal Madhu and Kalamandalam Babu Namboothiri will render selected padhams for the play and will be accompanied by percussionists Kalamandalam Krishnadas, Kalamandalam Achuthawarrier and Gopikrishnan Thampuran. Tripunithura Kathakali Kendram and Eroor Bhawaneeswara Kathakali Yogam will provide the green room support. There would be 10 female characters too.Sathwikam is also planning to extend help to the needy kathakali artists.\"We will design programmes to raise funds,\"Padmanabhan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17527028", "title": "Info chief asked to check fake RTI applications", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan high court has asked the chief information commissioner to issue necessary directions for checking fake applications under the RTI Act.The single judge bench of Justice M Rafiq issued an interim advisory to the CIC to consider issuing some directives to filter pseudo applicants by seeking identity proofs. The order came on a petition filed by the Jaipur National University.It was contended by the university that the CIC has asked the university to provide information to an applicant whose identity was not disclosed. Later it was found that the name was fictitious and the address was fake and the university denied information but it has now been asked by the commission to supply the info sought.\"We are receiving a large number of complaints in this regard. It is being seen that information in fictitious name and fake addresses is being sought. There is no check on such frivolous applications. The CIC may consider issuing some interim directives to ask all information officers to insist on identity proof in form of ration card or some other proof,\" observed the bench.The bench also stayed the order of the information commission which bound the university to provie information and issued notices to the chief information officer to file his response on the matter within a period of two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17529774", "title": "'Indian-origin' nurse who fell for prank call on Kate dead", "text": "LONDON: An Indian-origin nurse who took a prank call at the London hospital treating Prince William's pregnant wife Kate for morning sickness was found dead on Friday. Media reports said it could be a suicide.The unconscious body of Jacintha Saldanha, 46, was found on Friday morning yards away from King Edward VII Hospital where she worked. The death, which police said they were treating as unexplained, comes days after the hospital apologized for falling for the call from an Australian radio station.\"It is with very deep sadness that we confirm the tragic death of a member of our nursing staff, Jacintha Saldanha,\" the hospital said. \"We can confirm that Jacintha was recently the victim of a hoax call to the hospital. The hospital had been supporting her.\" Saldanha's husband and two children have been informed.According to PTI report Saldanha was of Indian-origin but it could not be verified from independent sources.The announcement on Monday that Kate was pregnant with a future British king or queen sparked a media frenzy and generated worldwide interest.Two presenters from Australia's 2Day radio station had called the hospital on Wednesday morning, pretending to be William's grandmother Queen Elizabeth and his father , Prince Charles. Saldanha reportedly gave details of Kate's condition to the pranksters . However, another agency reported that Saldanha had merely received the call and transferred it to a nurse caring for the duchess, who spoke about her 30-year-old patient.William and Kate left the hospital on Thursday. \"Their Royal Highnesses were looked after so wonderfully well... by everybody at King Edward VII Hospital, and their prayers are with Jacintha Saldanha's family... \" a statement from William's office said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17427978", "title": "Another Palghar Facebook account hacked", "text": "MUMBAI: Yet another Facebook account of a Palghar resident(a local reporter) is suspected to have been hacked to post abusive comments against former Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray.Mohammed Hussain (39) learnt on Thursday night that his account under the name of 'Palghar Mirror' had been hacked and the hacker had posted objectionable images of the late leader. Around three comments were posted in response to the images the location of which was 'Pakistan'.\"I rushed to the Palghar police with a complaint. The police have taken the complaint but no case has been registered yet.\" said Hussain.A CD containing the images was also given to the police. Hussain who had launched the newspaper Palghar Mirror about a month ago said that he was a regular on Facebook but the comment had shocked him, the Facebook account was also a month old.The local Shiv Sena has called for action against the hacker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17528620", "title": "Police lathi-charge protesters", "text": "BELGAUM: Police resorted to a mild lathi charge outside the west gate of the Suvarna Vidhana Soudha when hundreds of activists belonging to the Lingayat Panchamsali community attempted to lay siege to the building on Friday. They were demanding the inclusion of their community in the 2 (A) category of backward classes.Activists led by Basavajay Mrutyunjay Swami of Kudalasangam came to SVS in a rally from about 2km away. They tried to enter the SVS from the north gate. But when police foiled them, they turned to the west gate and burnt the effigy of chief minister Jagadish Shettar.When activists broke the police barricades, the cops were forced to do a mild lathi charge. When minister Umesh Katti went there to take their memorandum, he was heckled by the crowd.Basavajay Mrutyunjay Swami said 90% of this community is engaged in agriculture and deprived of several government facilities. Several governments had assured them of inclusion in the 2 (A) category but hadn't kept their word.Meanwhile, Swami took an oath that he wouldn't sit while preaching to his disciples and he'd avoid wearing a crown and sitting in the 'adda pallakki'.PWD minister CM Udasi and industries minister Murughesh Nirani met protesters and assured them that the issue would be raised in the cabinet meeting.Other prime demands are installing the statues of Kittur Rani Channamma and Sangolli Rayanna in front of the SVS and providing 10 acres of government land in Bangalore for hostels and educational institutions for students of the community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17526597", "title": "Coolies, auto drivers can play role in information on kids in distress", "text": "BHOPAL: Coolies and auto-rickshaw drivers can play a crucial role in providing information about children in need of care and protection. Also, they should come forward to inform about children indulging in substance abuse and needing help.The issues came up for discussion at the quarterly coordination meeting on child protection for the child welfare officers (CWO), members of women and child development (WCD) department, child welfare committee and police at Gandhi Bhavan on Friday.Representatives from coolies association said after they were made aware, they reported five incidents of runaway and lost children at Habibganj special juvenile police unit (SJPU) last month.Auto-rickshaw drivers told the police that they could become good informers for them only if they received some sort of recognition. \"We are there 24 hours on the field and hence come across many children in need of help,\" they said.District woman and child officer (DWCO) Naqi Jahan Quereshi told gathering about the sponsorship and foster care schemes of the WCD department. She also instructed the CWOs to identify such children who need sponsorship and inform the SJPU accordingly.At the meeting, it was also decided that workshops on women and child protection would be held at slums adjacent to 10 police stations in the city.Manish Mathur from the UNICEF , ASP Chandel and members of Aarambh were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17526934", "title": "Women have enough scope as quiz masters: Dyu D'Cunha", "text": "INDORE: \"Women have immense scope as quiz masters for they can add more glamour to the field,\" feels quizmaster Dyu D'Cunha, who is in town to conduct the 'Quizomania' quiz contest organized by the Times of India at Vidyasagar School on Saturday.\"I never realized this before,\" said the 33-year-old quizmaster adding that given women in this field will only do good to the quizzing world.When asked who is quicker on the stage: Girls or the boys? he said, \"I must have conducted around 500 quiz contests since 2002 and during this period, I have noticed that girls and boys are intellectually the same.\" He took up the job with the renowned quiz master Derek O'Brian in 2002, and was associated with him till 2006.\"There have been many changes in the nature of quiz contests over a period of time,\" said D'Cunha, adding that the present day quiz is more challenging and the quiz master needs to be prepared.Does he have some tips for those who want to overcome stage fear, he said: \"I believe rehearsal is the key to confidence. The more one rehearses, more one feels confident.\" However a bit of nervousness only inspires you to prepare well and avoid getting complacent.As regards the questions prepared for the competition, D Cunha said mostly the questions are based on current issues. \"The contestants are advised to read newspapers before taking part in the quiz,\" he said.\"Handling the students is more challenging than the grown-up crowd. The thrill lies with holding quiz contest for children,\" he concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17528677", "title": "Illegal blood tests for tuberculosis rampant in Visakhapatnam", "text": "Visakhapatnam: Retired bank employee Prasad Rao, who had been suffering from cough, fatigue and weight loss, went to a private diagnostic centre at KGH Down Road to get a blood test. \"I was told to get tested for tuberculosis (TB) and hyperthyroidism by my doctor,\" he said.There are many like Rao throughout the state and several clinics that resort to serological tests to diagnose tuberculosis, despite a ban on it by the Centre.Under section 10(A) of the Drugs and Cosmetics Act,1940, the manufacture, sale and import of diagnostic kits for determining pulmonary or extra-pulmonary TB through blood tests have also been banned from June 2012 due to the unreliable and inconclusive nature of the tests.However, lack of awareness and a vested interest of pharma giants manufacturing the kits are prompting the ELISA (enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay) tests despite a blanket ban on them, say medical experts.K Subhakar, professor of TB and chest diseases and zonal task force chairperson for RNTCP (Revised National TB Control Programme), South India, says, \"The blood test to diagnose TB has been banned by the government six months ago but it's still not being implemented. This antibody immunoglobulin-based test is highly inaccurate in nature and the imprecise results are creating confusion and causing inconvenience to patients. For instance, a person who may be actually suffering from TB can test negative, while a healthy person may report positive as per the test results.\"An eight-member committee, set up by the Drug Controller General of India had established that blood tests are usually inaccurate in detecting tuberculosis and lakhs have been wrongly diagnosed. Medical experts point out that a healthy person needlessly put on TB drugs, besides being subjected to mental trauma, social stigma and unnecessary expenditure, can suffer from side effects including damage to liver, kidney, joints, peripheral neuropathy, drug resistance and so on.On the other hand, in a country where around 3.1 million suffer from tuberculosis, 1.3 per cent from multi-drug resistant TB and 0.32 million tuberculosis deaths take place per year, right diagnosis and treatment of TB is important.Instead of blood test, there's an array of reliable tests that can be undertaken to diagnose TB, say doctors. These include sputum test, rapid molecular test, solid and liquid cultures, tissue diagnosis or biopsy, fine needle aspiration test etc, most of which can give accurate results in two to 72 hours.P Subba Rao, medical superintendent of Government Chest Hospital, Vizag, said, \"A blood test alone can't be confirmatory. It can only be a supportive test. For diagnosis of TB, sputum test is simple, specific and reliable.\"Moreover, besides a ban on serological test for TB diagnosis, the government has also made it mandatory for all TB cases, whether in government or private set-up, to be notified and their records maintained for effective treatment and follow-ups. \"Private clinics and doctors are supposed to register new cases with the district TB centres, district health authorities or municipal health authorities once a month.The notifications should contain the complete address of the patients so as to facilitate follow-ups by government health workers, area-wise surveillance and proper, regular treatment. But again, this is not followed by most private clinics,\" said Subhakar.The absence of penalty for non-implementation of government orders is also responsible for the wide prevalence of serological tests and non-notification of new cases by private TB centres.Meanwhile, the government is also all set to introduce a web-based notification programme to record all data pertaining to TB patients under its Nikshay programme. Chemo prophylaxis is also being given to children under six years of age sharing the same roof with a TB patient in order to prevent spreading of the disease, informed the south zone RNTCP task force chairperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17527579", "title": "PMO turns down CM's request for subsidised food grains, kerosene", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Prime Minister's Office on Friday reportedly turned down the request of the Uttar Pradesh government to provide subsidised food grain and kerosene for the Mahakumbh to be held from January to March 2013. The Centre's reply has landed the authorities in a catch-22 situation, as the government is now left to either face the ire of akharas, mahants and devotees by supplying essentials on open market rate or pay for the subsidy from its own pocket.The UP government has been in touch with the Centre on the issue since July 2012. Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav himself has written three letters to the PMO seeking his intervention. However, the Centre's negative response on Friday is being seen as early signs of possible cracks that were likely to emerge between the Samajwadi Party (SP) government in Uttar Pradesh and the UPA, post FDI vote.Though abstained from voting in both the houses of the parliament, its arch political rival the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) voted in favour of the UPA in the Rajya Sabha on Friday. The new found bonhomie between the UPA and the BSP was sure to leave its impact on the prevailing SP- UPA relationship. The SP was being seen as a closer alley of the UPA than BSP ever since SP president Mulayam Singh Yadav went out of his way to secure the numbers for the UPA on the nuke deal.In its letter, CM Akhilesh Yadav had highlighted the fact that supply of food grains and fuel at the open market price would invite the ire of the akharas, sadhus and mahants who opt for Kalpwas (A long stay spreading over a month-and-half) and their financial condition will make it virtually impossible for them to sustain. Officials fear that this may snowball into a law and order crises.Minister for food and civil supplies Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiyya, providing an outline of the mega event says that crores of pilgrims come not only from different parts of the country, but also from other nations as well. \"One can imagine the level of arrangements that have to be made by the fact that more than 1.25 lakh temporary ration cards were issued by the state government during the 2001 Mahakumbh. Another 107 fair price shops were also opened at the mela venue, which resembles as a township in its own right,\" says the minister.In 2001 Mahakumbh, the state government had issued 1,27,390 temporary ration cards for the mega event and had set up 107 temporary fair price shops in the mela area itself. The Centre had provided 13,500 quintals of wheat, 7800 quintals of rice and 5,000 quintals of sugar. Apart from this, 11, 000 kilolitres of kerosene oil and 36,185 refill connections of liquid petroleum gas (Non domestic) were provided by the Centre. All the food grains and fuel was provided at BPL rates. In the Ardh Kumbh that was held in 2007, the Centre provided 10,000 quintals of wheat, 5000 quintals of rice, 6,600 kilolitres of kerosene was provided for the mela at heavily subsidised rates.Though the Centre has provided food grains, kerosene and LPG cylinders but at the open market rate, sugar has been allocated at BPL rates. It has cleared 16,200 quintals of wheat at Rs 14.50/kg, 9,600 quintals of rice at Rs 16.00/kg, 6000 quintals of sugar at Rs 13.50/kg.In addition to these, 11,000 kilolitres of kerosene at Rs 55.56/litre and LPG connections at Rs 1,244/cylinder have also been sanctioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17528607", "title": "Staggered toll hike on incomplete roads on cards", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid reports of growing protests against toll fee charged from highway users, the government has proposed a slew of reforms as rationalization measures and would seek the Union Cabinet's nod soon.In the fresh amendments proposed in the NH toll rules, the highways ministry has favoured staggering toll hike on under-construction six-lane roads to four years.Currently, toll charges escalate on any four-lane stretch undertaken for upgrading it to six lanes from the day the private concessionaire begins work. This practice \u00e2\u20ac\u201d prevalent on stretches like Gurgaon-Jaipur and Panipat-Jalandhar \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has been facing stiff opposition from commuters. The ministry has proposed that the staggered increase in toll on such a stretch would be 25% annually and the maximum cap would be 80%.\"The disincentive of losing revenue would motivate the concessionaire to expedite work. Earlier, they were less bothered since they were getting full toll from day one,\" said a government official.The ministry recently informed the Rajya Sabha that tolling on 17 under-construction highways is on across the country. The new norms, once passed, would be applicable on all future six-laning projects. The ministry is also proposing to bring all two-and-half-lane highways under tolling. Similarly, it is proposing that the toll applicable on expressways should be 1.25 times more than what is charged on a normal NH.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "varanasi/lucknow", "code": "17527616", "title": "SP trade wing leader, brother gunned down", "text": "Varanasi/LUCKNOW: State vice-president of Samajwadi Party Vyapar Sabha, Ajay Barnwal, and his younger brother Vijay Barnwal, were shot dead at the gates of their house in Ghazipur district late on Friday evening.One of the leading jewelers of Ghazipur, the brother duo had barely reached home carrying a chunk of their jewellery stock in a bag, when miscreants struck and decamped with the stock they were carrying.ADG law and order Arun Kumar left for Ghazipur after the news of murders came. The incident took place at around 7:30pm on Friday when Ajay and Vijay were closing their showroom.The brother duo reached home carrying a big bag containing jewellery. As the younger brother got down from the vehicle to open the gate of the house, some miscreants riding motorcycles arrived at the spot and opened fire. The brother duo reportedly tried to get into the house to take cover but three assailants followed them firing from handguns while their associates reached out for the bag containing the jewellery.When the brother duo tried to resist, them robbers fired at them repeatedly till they hit the ground. The miscreants then sped away with the booty. Locals told the police that the shootout lasted barely 2 minutes.The locals and family members rushed the brother duo to a nursing home from where they were referred to the medical college in Varanasi. But they died on the way.The incident triggered anger among the local traders who downed the shutters in protest. Senior officials including DIG Varanasi and IG Varanasi rushed to the medical college to meet the family.The officials later reached the scene of crime. Investigations were underway to identify the killers. Police suspect that the killers were aware that the brother duo were carrying the jewellery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17527123", "title": "Molest victim seeks security", "text": "AJMER: Even as police are yet to arrest the accused of molestation of third year student of Bhagwant University here, the victim on Friday approached the superintendent of police demanding security alleging that she is getting threats regularly from supporters of the accused when she go for her exam to the university.Police have assured her to investigate the threat. The girl during her visit to the SP's office submitted a memorandum stating that when she went to university for her exam, some of the boy students threatened her with dire consequences. \"I am regularly getting such threats and some of them asked me to withdraw the case against the accused and chairman of the university, Ajay Singh,\" she said.The victim claimed that beginning the day she lodged the complaint with police, threats start to come on her mobile phone and also from some senior students of the university. \"I briefed the situation to the police officials and demanded security so I could stand up to charges without any fear,\" she added.Meanwhile, police teams went to Uttar Pradesh again to find and arrest Ajay Kumar Singh, who is charged with molestation by the third year student. It is alleged that Singh called to the girl to his residence for talks on relaxation in fees structure and molested her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17530712", "title": "Kumki announces release date", "text": "Thirrupathi Brothers producers N Lingusami and Subash Chandra Bose and Studio Green's Gnanavelraja, held a press conference yesterday (Dec 7) afternoon to announce the release date of their Vikram Prabhu starrer 'Kumki'. The Prabhu Solomon directed Kumki which has got a 'U' certificate and will release next Friday (Dec 14) worldwide along with Gautham Menon's 'Neethane En Ponvasantham'.Prabhu Solomon in his address said \" Kumki is sort of a dream come true. Initially my friends dissuaded me from taking the subject. I could have easily done a quickie after Mynaa , but I took time and effort over Kumki , because I had confidence in my content.\"The entire cast and crew of the film including lead pair Vikram Prabhu, Lakshmi Menon , Thambi Ramaiah, Joe Malluri, Ashwin, music director D Imman, lyricist Yugabharathi, cinematographer Sukumar, art director Vairabalan, producer N Lingusami and Studio Green's KE Gnanavelraja were present. The Telugu version Gajaraju will also release simultaneously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17527040", "title": "Rush to doctor if child swallows button cells", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If your child swallows cells by mistake, instead of giving him/her laxatives, rushing to a doctor within an hour will be a better option to prevent corrosion of the intestines, advice the doctors.In a case reported recently at a Panchkula-based hospital, two children of 10 years and four years of age, who had swallowed button-shaped cells, underwent endoscopy for their removal.Experts say if hair pins or coins are ingested, they do not damage the intestine even if they remain inside the stomach for a day or two. \"But, the tiny button cells have chemicals inside, which if leaked in the intestine, can corrode and damage them,\" said Dr Arun Prasad, pediatric gastroenterologist at a Panchkula-based hospital. Most parents, before coming to the hospital, either feed banana or some other laxative to the children in such cases. Doctors advise against this as it wastes time. \"This is a myth followed by most patients coming to us,\" said Dr Prasad.Rizul, a 10-year-old from Sector 15, Panchkula, had accidently ingested a button cell that got stuck in his abdomen. He was in severe pain, unable to swallow and was drooling. The physician who operated him said he had been brought within an hour and was saved from severe consequences.Another case involved a four-year-old girl, Aditi Kaushik from Mohali, who had accidently swallowed the button cell at her school. \"It got stuck in her stomach. She complained of vomiting and abdominal pain. The foreign body was successfully removed,\" said Dr Prasad.Button cells are rare accident cases and they need to be immediately removed with endoscopy as laxatives and bananas do not work in flushing these out.\"One should not take any risk as these button cells can cause chemical corrosion in the esophagus and lead to fatal complications in a child,\" added the doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17528491", "title": "One held for illegally extracting sand", "text": "PONDA: Ponda police arrested Suryakant Naik, 60, a resident of Betki-Khandola, Marcela, on Friday afternoon for allegedly illegally extracting sand from river Mandovi at Khandola.Police said the person was arrested following a complaint from the mines and geology department. The department officials conducted a raid on Wednesday and found the person while extracting sand.Naik was arrested on Friday afternoon and later released on a bond of 3,000 as the case was compoundable, Ponda PI CL Patil said.Based on the complaint by mines officials, the police have registered the case under Rule 3 of Goa Daman &Diu; Mines and mineral concession rules 1985.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "trains (down) to take a diverted route", "code": "17527400", "title": "Cancelled, diverted, &amp; partially cancelled trains", "text": "Trains (Down) to take a diverted route:Trains to be diverted via Barabanki-Shahganj-Bhatni-Gorakhpur: 15708 Amritsar-Katihar Amrapali Express, 12556 Hissar-Gorakhpur Gorakhdham Express and 15006 Dehradun-Gorakhpur ExpressTrains to be diverted via Barabanki-Ayodhya-Mankapur-Gorakhpur: 11015 Lokmanya Tilak-Gorakhpur Kushinagar Express, 15274 Delhi-Raxaul Satyagrah Express, 12554 New Delhi-Barauni Vaishali Express, 13020 Kathgodam-Howrah Bagh Express and 19037 Bandra-Gorakhpur Awadh ExpressTrains to be diverted via Lucknow-Sultanpur-Varanasi-Bhatni-Gorakhpur: 12512 Trivandram-Gorakhpur Raptisagar ExpressTrains to be diverted via Roja-Lucknow-Sultanpur-Varanasi-Mau-Chhapra: 15212 Amritsar-Darbhanga Jan Nayak ExpressTrains to be diverted via Barabanki-Shahganj-Bhatni-Siwan-Chhapra: 14674 Amritsar-Jaynagar Shaheed ExpressTrains (Up) to take a diverted route:Trains to be diverted via Mankapur-Ayodhya-Barabanki-Lucknow: 15007 Maduadih-Lucknow Krishak Express, 15609 Guwahati-Lalgarh Awadh Assam Express, 12203 Saharsa-Amritsar Garib Rath Express, 12511 Gorakhpur-Trivandrum Raptisagar Express, 15269 Muzaffarpur-Lalgarh Jansadharan Express, 15211 Darbhanga-Amritsar Jan Nayak Express, 05027 Gorakhpur-Anand Vihar Terminus Special trainTrains to be diverted via Chhapra-Varanasi-Sultanpur-Lucknow: 12557 Muzaffarpur-Anand Vihar Terminus Sapt Kranti ExpressTrains to run via Chhapra-Varanasi-Allahabad city-Allahabad-Kanpur: 12565 Darbhanga-New Delhi Bihar Sampark Kranti Express and 15707 Amritsar-Katihar Amrapali ExpressTrains to run via Chhapra-Gorakhpur-Bhatni-Varanasi-Sultanpur-Lucknow: 15097 Barauni-Jammu Tawi ExpressTrain 11123 Barauni-Gwalior Mail will be cancelled at GondaPartially Cancelled Trains:15203 Barauni-Lucknow Express was cancelled in Basti and operated as train number 15204 from Barauni on Friday15107 Chhapra-Mathura Express cancelled in Gorakhpur and operated as 15108 Mathura-Chhapra Express on Friday12542 Lokmanya Tilak-Gorakhpur Express was cancelled in Lucknow and passengers were accommodated in 12512 Trivandrum-Gorakhpur Express55050 Lucknow-Gonda passenger train will remain cancelled between Burhwal and Gonda and run between Lucknow and BurhwalCancelled Trains:12531/12532 Gorakhpur-Lucknow Intercity Express55049 and 55035 passenger trains15273 Raxaul-Delhi Satyagrah Express", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17528153", "title": "Dilip Parulekar immature to tourism: Lobo", "text": "PANAJI: The announcement on Thursday by tourism minister Dilip Parulekar that the tourism department will clear all encroachments on tourism land has evoked a sharp response from fellow BJP MLA of Calangute, Michael Lobo.Speaking to TOI after holding a meeting of affected people at Baga beach along with panch members of Calangute Panchayat, Lobo accused his fellow BJP MLA of Saligao and tourism minister Dilip Parulekar of being \"immature in tourism\" and needing to \"learn about tourism.\"Speaking specifically about the encroachments at Baga, where tourism has about 52,000 square metres of land, Lobo said the tourism department cannot evict those people. \"There are eight houses which are on cadastral survey plan and their forefathers were staying there before tourism department could acquire the land. The government cannot evict them. The government can only demarcate the land they are entitled to and then clear the encroachments from the remaining area,\" Lobo said. He also urged the tourism department not to use \"muscle power or police power to evict the people\". He said he and all members of the Calangute Panchayat can remove the encroachments for the government if the government demarcates the land.Lobo also objected to the tourism department's plans of setting up a model shack on the land at Baga on lease for seven years. \"This is unwarranted. In the month of May, all Goans come there and sit under the coconut trees. But GTDC has decided to put up a private shack there which we totally oppose,\" Lobo said, adding that the Calangute Panchayat will not give NOC nor will the people allow that shack.Slamming the tourism minister for making tall announcements about starting cable cars, helicopter tourism, hot air ballooning, etc., Lobo said the tourism minister should first clear the beaches and the coastal areas of the garbage. He said the tourism minister should provide parking spaces for tourists and also ensure their security in Goa. Lobo said, \"The tourism minister should not make tall statements about clearing encroachments and only clearing the beaches of fishermen's huts. I am totally against extra beds and I am totally against illegal shacks but at the same time, do not break the fishermen's huts which they use to store their nets and boats.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "doha", "code": "17528686", "title": "India poised to regain its lost ground in Doha talks", "text": "DOHA: India stood on the verge of reclaiming the ground it had lost since 2009 as the principle of equity and common but differentiated responsibilities (CBDR) came back with a bang on the climate agenda. But, with the talks getting extended by at least a day \u00e2\u20ac\u201d beyond the scheduled closure on Friday \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it remained too early to assess if the gathered 194 countries would commit enough to keep the world safe from dangerous levels of climate change.A series of back-to-back official meetings took place through Friday, with country blocks holding their closed-door meetings to thrash out finer as well as contentious issues, bilaterals between key players as improved draft versions of what the ministers may sign in the end kept emerging.India's own red-lines found respect as each improved text reflected the country's non-negotiable concerns. The principles of equity and CBDR, which had either been diluted or accorded a questionable character since India signed the Copenhagen Accord in 2009, got a credible and embedded space in all the climate talks for a future regime. By the time of filing the news report, however, the negotiating text still remained open to trade-offs between country blocks till the last moment before they get adopted by a consensus as the decision of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCC).The roadmap through which the developed countries would deliver the promised $100 billion by 2020 remained wide open. And, the rich countries continued to block any inscribed commitment on formal UN platforms on how they would ramp up the funds from now until 2020. On Kyoto Protocol's second phase starting 2013 the world seemed closer to a commitment, though, there were some critical loopholes - like giving the developed world an easy way out of cutting emissions - were yet to be closed. For the developing world, concerns also persisted about how rich countries would deliver their commitments made last year to future obligations of poor countries.Rumours swirled that the developed countries, in the last moment, could spring a surprise and force the nations to junk all the unresolved issues from the past five years on concerns closer to the interests of developing countries. Observers also warned that such a move could put the talks in a deep freeze akin to the suspension of the World Trade Organization (WTO) negotiations a few years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17527627", "title": "Theatre owners oppose Kamal's DTH proposal", "text": "CHENNAI: Actor-director Kamal Haasan and theatre owners in Tamil Nadu are locked in a tussle over the former's proposal that his latest film 'Viswaroopam', all set to release next month during Pongal, be simultaneously screened on the direct to home (DTH) platform to beat the piracy threat.If the actor pushes through with his proposal, it could usher in a revolution of sorts in Indian cinema by adding another source of revenue for producers. But theatre owners are far from thrilled as they feel their collections are bound to be affected as the audience might prefer to stay and watch the film at home, instead of going to the theatres.On Thursday, the actor met senior film industry representatives, including producer council president S A Chandrasekaran, actors' association president Sarath Kumar and the film chamber authorities here to discuss his plans. Tamil Nadu Theatre Owners' Association secretary Rohini Paneerselvam told TOI, \"It would kill the business of theatres, which are already facing heavy losses due to poor patronage.\" He expressed doubts over Kamal Haasan's argument that the simultaneous release on DTH will act like a teaser and attract more audiences. \"If the movie is shown in clubs and associations like IPL matches, will the people visit theatres,\" he asked.\"The decision is up to Kamal now. He has to take a decision on whether he is going ahead with the DTH release or a conventional release in theatres,\" said Paneerselvam. However, a few producers said Kamal's move should not be dropped due to such fears.\"More than two decades ago, when televisions entered living rooms, people said it would kill the film industry. But nothing of that sort happened, and it only increased the revenues for producers. We can't pre-judge an idea. We should encourage new revenue streams. All segments of the film industry should come together and test this idea with two or three big films. If it does not affect any stakeholder, we could then go ahead with simultaneous releases on DTH,\" said G Dhananjayan, who heads the south business of UTV.Theatre owners have sought the intervention of chief minister J Jayalalithaa in the matter. \"Kamal Haasan has assured that only one show of Viswaroopam will be telecast on DTH, but what if more producers follow suit and increase the number of shows on DTH in future?\" asked Tamil Nadu Theatre Owners Association president Abirami Ramanathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17527232", "title": "SC reserves judgment in Lokayukta case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court has reserved its judgment on the issue of appointment of retired Justice R A Mehta as Lokayukta in Gujarat after concluding a marathon proceeding on Thursday.The bench of Justice B S Chauhan and Justice Fakkir Mohamed Ibrahim Kalifulla heard the case, which was registered before the apex court in February this year. The issue reached SC after Justice V M Sahai of Gujarat high court pulled up chief minister Narendra Modi for creating \"a constitutional mini-crisis\" by not allowing appointment of Lokayukta for nearly eight long years.Justice Sahai castigated the Modi government for its approach towards the issue and ruled that governor Dr Kamla was right in exercising her discretionary powers to make the appointment. He observed that the situation required extraordinary remedies.Last year, a division bench came up with split verdict on whether the governor's decision was right. Justice Akil Kuresh upheld the appointment, while Justice Sonia Gokani disproved the decision. The case was referred to Justice Sahai, who concurred with Justice Kureshi's conclusions on the issue.Gujarat has been without a Lokayukta since November, 2003, because Modi's choice of a successor to Justice S M Soni had been rejected by the HC chief justice and thereafter Modi had refused to agree to retired Judge R A Mehta's name. He had got into an ugly spat with the governor for going ahead with Mehta's appointment and had even written to the PM demanding her recall and move the HC challenging the appointment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17528495", "title": "'Revoke &amp; verify ECs of 42 leases'", "text": "PANAJI: Coming down heavily against environmental clearances (ECs) given to mines in or near wildlife sanctuaries and national parks, the Supreme Court-appointed central empowered committee (CEC) has recommended the revocation of ECs given to 42 such leases.Further recommending that the SC verify the validity of these ECs, the CEC has asked that the clearances be kept in abeyance till that time.\"The environmental clearances granted by the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) to 19 mining leases located within wildlife sanctuaries and to another 23 mining leases located within a distance of up to 1 km from the boundaries of nearby national parks or sanctuaries (and in other similarly placed cases) being in violation of the court's orders dated February 14, 2000 and August 4, 2006 and subsequent orders may be revoked by the SC,\" states the CEC's interim report placed before the SC on Friday.It further states that the SC may consider taking a decision regarding the validity of such ECs after considering the recommendations of the standing committee of the national board for wildlife (NBWL), the report of the additional principal chief conservator of forests, regional office, MoEF, Bangalore, and other information/details. \"Till then such environmental clearances may be directed to be held in abeyance,\" the report recommends.It adds that the Bangalore-based additional principal chief conservator of forests may be directed to verify, after considering the relevant information and making appropriate inquires as deemed necessary, that the mining operations will not have adverse impact on the flora, fauna or wildlife habitat.The authority also has to verify that the distance of the national parks or wildlife sanctuaries and the status of the forest areas have been correctly stated in the ECs or the applications seeking ECs.\"The ECs granted to mining leases comprising of wholly or partly forest land may be directed to become operative only after approvals under the Forest (Conservation) Act, 1980, for non-forestry use of forest lands included in the mining leases, are granted,\" the report recommends. Till then all such ECs should be held in abeyance and mining operations may not be permitted to be resumed, it adds.CEC member secretary, M K Jiwraka, has stated that the MoEF may be directed, in compliance with the SC's order of December 4, 2006, to place the ECs granted to 120 mining leases located within a distance of up to 10 km of national parks or sanctuaries (and other similarly placed cases) before the standing committee of NBWL for its consideration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17527633", "title": "Vote on FDI: JMM MP walks out of House", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) has once again invited trouble for itself in the state with its only MP in the Rajya Sabha, Sanjiv Kumar, walking out in the Upper House during the voting for FDI in retail on Friday. Earlier during the voting in the Lok Sabha, party MP Kameshwar Baitha had voted in favour of the UPA raising eyebrows here.The party has two MPs in the Lok Sabha, including party president Shibu Soren who was unwell and could not attend the winter session, and one MP in the Upper House.Party spokesperson and core committee member, Supriyo Bhattacharya, admitting loss of face saying the party had taken the matter very seriously.As a face-saving measure, Bhattacharya said the MPs had acted on their own since in a core committee meeting of the JMM here, the party had decided to vote against FDI in retail in Parliament.\"There was neither any consultation nor coordination with either the UPA or the NDA on the matter as guruji himself could not go to Delhi due to his indisposition,\" Bhattacharya said.He, however, went on to say that the JMM along with the BJP was one about not allowing FDI in retail in the state. There was, however, no comment forthcoming from the chief minister's office as Arjun Munda had left for Delhi.BJP state president Dineshanand Goswami said the BJP had appealed to all small and regional parties to vote against FDI in Parliament since it was anti-people. \"Under what circumstances the JMM voted in favour in Lok Sabha and walked out in RS remains to be seen,\" he said.In 2010, the NDA had withdrawn support from the JMM after the latter had cross-voted in Parliament in favour of the UPA.during a no-confidence motion following which Soren had to resign as chief minister of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17529035", "title": "FDI vote marks TDP\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s decline, 3 of 5 MPs stay away from RS", "text": "NEW DELHI: The once uncompromising anti-Congressism of Telugu Desam Party seems a thing of the past, with its sudden turn in favour of UPA on the FDI vote confirming the weakened foundations of the party whose \"Telugu pride\" plank under the charismatic NTR swept the Congress out in the 1980s.Three of the five TDP MPs stayed away from the vote against allowing foreign retail marts in India, swelling the UPA tally beyond expectation. Chandrababu Naidu had used such occasions to showcase his credentials against arch-rival Congress.While Congress sources maintained ambivalence on whether the Andhra outfit had switched sides or had split down the middle (the former being the likely case), TDP came out weaker in either situation.A split would show the Telugu MPs as without the burden of being seen by their voters as \"collaborators\" with enemy Congress. More seriously, a party-to-party understanding would project the rabidly anti-Congress Naidu as finding common ground with Congress. According to observers, this blurring of political divide may strike at the very 'raison d'etre' of the regional outfit. \"NTR turned Rajiv Gandhi's public snub to chief minister Anjaiah into a rallying call for Andhra people. Even after he was gone, Naidu prospered on strong anti-Congress, 'Telugu pride' calling card. But in the 2008 nuclear deal confidence vote, some of his MPs felt they stood a better chance with Congress and defected. Now, he thought he could collaborate with Congress, even if it was on a market principle of FDI in retail. It is a radical change,\" a follower said.This is the second big occasion where Naidu failed to stay polarized against Congress. TDP split in the Lok Sabha during the famous vote on nuclear deal in 2008 when Naidu joined ranks with the Left and Mayawati to cobble together a coalition of regional forces against Congress.That the defection of Telugu MPs had the blessings of the party boss raised serious doubts among parties it partners against Congress. \"I think TDP is not sure about its future in the complex political situation of AP,\" CPI leader A B Bardhan said.The political lines between the principal parties are getting fuzzy. Not long ago, it was a sure-shot leader of the anti-Congress coalition at the Centre. Having turned the one-party Andhra into a bipolar polity with \"Telugu pride\" call, NTR was the lynchpin of National Front grouping led by V P Singh. Later, TDP chief Naidu was the convenor of United Front that held power from 1996-98. Thereafter, Naidu was the central figure in the BJP-led Vajpayee regime that ruled for six years. So much so, his nominee was also the Speaker of Lok Sabha after NDA returned to power in 1999.Many believe TDP's protracted marginalization in the state since the defeat of 2004 has created doubts in Naidu's mind, with the loss in 2009 dealing a serious blow. The advent of Jaganmohan Reddy as an independent force in coastal and Rayalaseema has added another variable to the otherwise direct fight between TDP and Congress.The Jagan factor can be traumatic for Naidu's future given the experience of 2009 when a similar third force in Chiranjeevi broke TDP's back by tapping the anti-Congress votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17528458", "title": "Navnath Naik elected South Goa zilla panchayat vice-chief", "text": "MARGAO: Sanguem zilla panchayat (ZP) member Navnath Naik was elected vice-chairperson of the South Goa ZP at a special meeting held in the South Goa ZP office at Arlem on Friday.Naik was elected unopposed at the meeting that was chaired by North Goa chief executive officer (CEO) Vilesh Arlekar, who is holding additional charge as South Goa ZP CEO. South Goa ZP CEO K V Signapurkar has taken one month leave and is expected to return in January.Naik, who is a member of the BJP, has been actively taking up ZP matters in the past and had pulled up the ZP office for failing to maintain agricultural equipment that had been distributed for the benefit of all ZP constituencies.At the last ZP meeting held on November 23, Naik had proposed that translations of the minutes of the ZP meetings be made in Konkani and Marathi and be distributed to all ZP members, a move that received unanimous backing.While addressing mediapersons after the meeting, Naik stated that he will fight along with other ZP members to get more subjects for the ZP and for devolution of powers to the ZP.Earlier, ZP chairperson Nelly Rodrigues stated that ZP members already had a meeting with chief minister Manohar Parrikar who had promised to fulfill their demands.Rodrigues had stated that at the meetings they had asked Parrikar for a development grant of 50 lakh as general fund to each member for the implementation of subjects under the Panchayati Raj Act and had also asked for an additional grant of 50 lakh to each member under octroi for rural infrastructure development work.Incidentally, former vice chairperson Daya Pagi had submitted his resignation on October 26, on the grounds that the BJP government had failed to make provisions for more funds to the ZPs or fulfill their promise for the devolution of powers till date while criticising the erstwhile Congress government for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531159", "title": "'Ek ladki ko...' originally written for Madhuri: Javed Akhtar", "text": "Almost two decades after penning the evergreen \"Ek ladki ko dekha...\", writer-lyricist Javed Akhtar has revealed the melodious hit song was originally penned with Madhuri Dixit in mind.\"No one knows that the song 'Ek ladki ko dekha toh', which became so popular... I wrote it keeping Madhuri in mind. When I was asked to write the song, she was doing the film, but later she left it and Manisha Koirala came in,\" Akhtar told a gathering.Madhuri was the guest speaker at the event, where Pakistani actor-singer Ali Zafar and singer Shafqat Amanat Ali Khan were also present.Besotted by Madhuri's beauty, Ali put his talent to good use and sang \"Ek ladki ko dekha toh...\". Of course, Madhuri, dressed to kill in black, was flattered of course, but it is this moment that enthused Akhtar into sharing the interesting anecdote.The song, from the film \" 1942: A Love Story\", was picturised on Manisha and Anil Kapoor .Shafqat Amanat Ali Khan, known for numbers like \" Mitwa\", \"Mora saiyan\" and \"Phir le aaya dil\", sang \"Tumse milke aisa lagaa tumse milke\" for Madhuri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17526602", "title": "Mini-truck knocks youth to death", "text": "BHOPAL: A mini-truck killed a youth and injured his fiancee before turning upside down and ramming a divider here on Friday morning.The police said the deceased, Faizan, a resident of Indira Nagar near Teela Jamalpura, was heading to Raisen on a bike with his fiancee, Shahila when a speeding vehicle knocked them down near Patel Nagar.The youth sustained grievous injuries in the mishap and succumbed on the spot. Shahila was rushed to a hospital, the police said.The loading vehicle- MP15-G-1245 turned upside down after the incident and rammed into the divider. When the police reached the spot, the driver whose identity is yet to be ascertained, fled the scene.Officials said the couple was engaged and their wedding was scheduled to take place soon. The Bilkheria police have registered a case against the unidentified driver in the incident.Two injured: A school boy and his sister sustained injuries after getting hit by a trawler in the city on Friday. The Gandhi Nagar police said Aman, 15, and his sister Sonu, 13, were going to school on a two-wheeler with their uncle Shankar Lal when a loading vehicle hit them.The two sustained serious injuries in the mishap and remained hospitalized. Police said Shankar Lal also sustained minor injuries. Father of kids is posted in Sagar central jail and the kids reside with their uncle in the Jail Colony near Bhopal Central Jail here, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17527577", "title": "ASI's death: SAD-Congress in blame game", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A fierce blame game has ensued in Punjab over the brutal killing of a policeman, who was gunned down in Amritsar by an Akali leader from whom he was trying to shield his daughter.Faced with criticism, the Punjab government has tried to deflect the attention from the lawless act by asking the Congress to \"set its own house in order\". In reaction to a call for the CM's resignation by leader of the Opposition in Punjab assembly Sunil Jakhar and PPCC chief Amarinder Singh's accusations that Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) was patronizing criminals, Punjab revenue minister Bikram Majithia said, \"Jakhar should first go and seek Sonia Gandhi's resignation for patronizing and rewarding people and families with criminal records\".\"Hands of Congress leaders and of the family of Sonia Gandhi are coloured with the blood of innocent Sikhs who were brutally killed by mobs led by Congress leaders Sajjan Kumar and Jagdish Tytler in 1984 in Delhi. All these leaders have been rewarded with important positions in the Congress party. Let Jakhar first ask Sonia Gandhi to resign and then come and talk to us,\" said Majithia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17528035", "title": "Drug peddler gets 10 years, fined Rs 1 lakh", "text": "NAGPUR: District and additional sessions judge SD Jagmalani on Thursday sentenced a drug peddler, in his 50s, to 10 years rigorous imprisonment and also imposed a fine of Rs 1 lakh. He will undergo another year of jail in case of default on fine. The court held Ramesh Gupta guilty under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act 1985.It is learnt Gupta was arrested by a team of Tehsil police in March in 2004. The cops had found 121 kilograms of ganja in six sacks kept at his residence near Hansapuri Khadan. The cops also seized other materials like weighing equipment, worth around Rs 3.63 lakh.The prosecution examined seven witnesses in course of the trial. Additional public prosecutor Ram Anwane said the deposition of the investigation officer MR Deokar, now retired, played a crucial role. \"The investigation of the officer in the cases registered under the NDPS Act is very crucial. The turning point in this case was the IO's watertight probe, documentation and meticulous collection and collation of evidence,\" said Anwane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "17526090", "title": "Tiger dies after infighting", "text": "JORHAT: A tiger was found dead at Kaziranga National Park on Friday afternoon. Park officials said the tiger died due to infighting. Park director N K Vasu said, \"Forest staff found the carcass of the tiger near the Chiga anti-poaching camp in the Agoratoli Reserve Forest this afternoon. The tiger was a 3-year-old male.\" He added that they launched a search operation immediately after the carcass was spotted and from circumstantial evidence it was learnt that the big cat died due to infighting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527204", "title": "Rwandan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s rape: Four confess", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigations into the December 1 gang-rape and robbery of the 24-year-old Rwandan, allegedly by four men at Timarpur, north Delhi, have revealed she was spotted by them after they targeted but failed to have their way with another woman at the same spot.Once this woman escaped, Deepak (25), Vikas (26), Praveen (25) and Deepak's servant Ashok (19) - all from Timarpur PS area - waylaid the victim, pushed her inside a Santro and drove off to the banks of the Yamuna where they raped her.They have confessed their crime and have been arrested and sent to judicial custody for a test identification parade. Their victim is an asylum seeker from Rwanda who has applied for the status of a refugee in India which is under consideration. She arrived in India in July and was staying with her brother.Deepak's father is a former Indian Air Force personnel who works as a traffic assistant in Palam and lives with his family in Jagatpur in north Delhi. Deepak has a small business and his wife is two months' pregnant. The silver Santro he used to commit the crime is registered in his wife's name and was a wedding gift from his father-in-law. Deepak has two previous cases of attempt to culpable homicide and trespass (under Sections 308/452 IPC) lodged against him.The incident took place about 8 pm when the woman was returning home after buying groceries. The accused said during interrogation that they had consumed alcohol and were on the lookout for a woman. After failing to corner another woman, they spotted the victim at F Block in Gandhi Vihar. After the rape, the accused dumped her in Wazirabad after snatching her phone and wallet. The woman found her way home but could not go in as her keys were in the wallet. Her brother was away at work. She was spotted by a neighbour who accompanied her to the police station but no FIR was registered. The next day she went to the hospital and got an examination done. No FIR was registered on December 2 for reasons to be ascertained in the inquiry report (the additional SHO has been sent to district lines for dereliction of duty). On Dec 3, an NGO helped her lodge the FIR.The victim was able to tell police the last three digits of the Santro and they prepared a list of 12 cars. Officers also put her mobile on surveillance which helped them trace the accused to Jagatpur. Circumstantial evidence led police to quiz the Santro owner. The accused tried to mislead police but confessed later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17526976", "title": "MCG all set to introduce biometric attendance", "text": "GURGAON: Taking a serious view of the complaints filed by councillors at the House meeting on Thursday regarding the dismal performance of MCG sanitation workers, the municipal commissioner has ordered installation of biometric attendance system within a week.The councillors alleged that absenteeism is a huge problem in the sanitation department. This on top of the fact that the contractors have not hired sufficient staff and have 'ghost employees' cleaning city streets. \"It is evident that the sanitation agency owners are not hiring adequate number of people to keep the city clean. The contractors don't provide their employees provident fund and ESI. This is also in violation of the laws. The primary reason why they are not following the rule book is because once we know the number of PF and ESI accounts; we will also come to know the number of employees,\" said a councillor.Another councillor, Subhash Fauji, claimed that there are several ghost employees. \"On paper they show that they have many employees, but the truth is something else. These owners manage to get fake thumb impressions to claim the amount of salary from the municipal corporation,\" he said. \"The owners have been bluffing that they have the required number of workers. In reality, out of every 10 sanitation workers required, only one is working in the field,\" said a third councillor.The MCG commissioner had promised a slew of measures and installation of biometric attendance machines would be the first one in that direction. \"By not giving PF and ESI, the labour laws are being violated. I have asked for a report by Wednesday,\" said Vijay Singh Dahiya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17531454", "title": "Five century old Chavittu Natakam to be showcased at Biennale", "text": "KOCHI: India's only surviving classical dance-drama based on techniques and aesthetics of the European opera is all set for an unprecedented interaction of its various schools in its homeland of Kerala.Ideas, opinions and insights from the proposed cultural conference on the five-century-old \"Chavittu Natakam\" will later come out as a book -- serving as a future record on the Christian art form, completely devoid of written appreciation.The twin pioneering efforts will be taken up this year end, courtesy another first in India: the Kochi-Muziris Biennale.The three-month-long new-art extravaganza will, as part of its performance arts segment, host a five-day \"Chavittu Natakam\" festival in one of the main nerve-centres of this resurgent and highly colourful ballet that flourished along a small Latin Christian belt of Kerala coast in the 16th century.The day after Christmas, Gothuruth will witness shows and seminars on Chavittu Natakam. The small island near North Paravur in Ernakulam district will be the venue for the festival that will conclude on December 30.The five-day 'Chuvadi 2012', organised in collaboration with Sports and Arts Club, Gothuruth, will facilitate public dialogue between Chavittu Natakam exponents of more than six leading schools having their traditions, with practitioners indifferent, if not contemptuous, to divergent styles of presentation.A seminar on the inaugural day will be followed in Jan 2013 by a bigger session which will also accommodate feedback from audiences at the five evenings of the festival.The viewpoints at both sessions will be the core subject of the book on Chavittu Natakam, 'Keli' K Ramachandran, who is curating 'Annual Rings', the performance arts and literary festival underway since November 12 as part of the Biennale, told reporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17529312", "title": "An ode or obituary?", "text": "All the world's a stage. And all the men and women merely players...And one man in his time plays many parts, His act being seven ages. --- William ShakespeareThe Hussainsagar has well lived its seven ages. Created by a Sufi saint, the water body has lived the Shakespearean lifespan, stretching between the glorious years and ending with the grim phase of nearing death. Sadly, unlike man, the lake has been pushed into its last leg prematurely.Built in 1562, the early years of Hussainsagar were as promising as a blooming 'Soldier' the age that Shakespeare describes as one that brings with it recognition and reputation . The phase saw its crystal clear water sparkle under sunlight, its bed throb with the exoticism of aquatic fishes and weeds , and its brinks complete the picturesque portrait by playing the perfect host to its 'winged visitors' . The serenity occasionally gave way to the shrills and cries of awestruck tourists, even as their Hyderabadi guides looked on with pride.Only a few decades later, however, Hussainsagar slipped in to the last leg of the bard's 'seven ages' fi rst Old Age and then Second Infancy and has been barely surviving on ventilator support ever since. Its 450-year-old legacy created by man, is now faced with a severe threat of extinction, at the hand of man again. From being the city's identity, the once pristine shores of the water body, have now been reduced to a dark spot on the face of 'hi-tech' Hyderabad that authorities are unsuccessfully trying to hide under layers of make-up.Here's a quick recap on the lifecycle of Hussainsagar. Originally spread over a sprawling area of close to 2,000 acres, the lake has now shrunk by more than half its earlier size. What is left of the water body is ridden with algae, moss, sewerage and toxic effl uents making it impossible for new-age Hyderabadis to imagine that the same water was consumed by almost all households in the city until a century ago. The thick population of birds, including an impressively high number of bats that once thronged the tall trees crowding Hussainsagar's edges have taken off in search of greener pastures. The trees too have been razed to the ground to make way for swank eateries and amusement parks that mercilessly dump its waste in to the fl owing water. What remains is a horde of coots and black-winged stilts, standing testimony to a time clouded with dark smoke and pollution. Though dozens of locals and their foreign friends still make their weekend trips to the Hussainsagar and even indulge themselves in a boat ride along the stream now and then, the kerchief tightly covering their noses, struggling to keep the stench of the chemical-infested lake away, is hard to miss. Also diffi - cult to ignore is the steady drop in the number of morningwalkers on the lanes running alongside the Hussainsagar, who have found themselves alternate pathways , sans the stink and sight of garbage.Attempts to revive the lake and restore its bright 'Childhood' days (in the words of Shakespeare) have been made many times over. Apart from state and national coffers, crores of money even from far-flung nations has been pumped in to the lake, to disinfect it. But none of these much-publicized campaigns have managed to pull Hussainsagar out of its misery or treat its failing health. Ask civil society groups, environmentalists or concerned citizens , and prompt comes the reply: \"These drives are merely moneymaking measures implemented by the authorities to hoodwink denizens. No good can ever come of such projects unless the industries and land sharks, killing the lake with their toxic waste and mega real estate projects, are brought to book.\"While there is no denying that this claim of theirs is rooted in statistics brought to fore by the many studies conducted by scientific groups on the water body, to blame the offi cial 'custodians' of Hussainsagar alone for the massacre is also not entirely correct. Regular citizens carelessly throwing a plastic wrapper in to the lake or refusing to shun the Plaster of Paris , and use clay instead, for their Ganesh idols too must carry the burden of Hussainsagar's premature death. That the annual immersions, held amidst much fanfare, leave the water body a little more contaminated and its recovery a tad more tedious, is no longer a secret.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531174", "title": "Kamal in love with Coimbatore", "text": "When Ulaganayagan Kamal Haasan descended in Coimbatore from a chopper, for the audio launch of his upcoming film Viswaroopam, at a college campus in the city, he had the crowd going gaga over him. And when he took the stage and announced it loud and clear that Coimbatore 'was special to him', there was just no stopping his fans.The senior actor, said on the occasion, \"I was born in Ramanathapuram. There's a Ramanthapuram in Coimbatore too where MMA Chinnappa Thevar of Thevar Films saw the actor in me. A lot of people have asked me if I was from Coimbatore from then to the time I did Sathileelavathi, in which I speak the Coimbatore dialect and I have always said 'yes'.\"The actor also added that he has used the Auro 3D sound technology in the film. \" Viswaroopam is the second film in the world and the first in Asia to use the technology,\" said the actor, who also sang a couple of numbers from the film on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17529143", "title": "Business aircraft parking charge hike stayed", "text": "MUMBAI: Business aircraft owners, who have been protesting against increase in aircraft parking charges introduced by the Mumbai airport operator four months ago, won some relief on Friday after a tribunal put a stay on the decision and brought back the pre-hike parking rates.MIAL's spokesperson was unreachable for comment.In their application before the tribunal, Business Aircrafts Operators Association (BAOA) said the parking charges form part of aeronautical services and an increase in tariff for aeronautical services falls within the jurisdiction of the regulator, Airports Economic Regulatory Authority (AERA). Though MIAL had approached AERA with the hike proposal, it did not wait for the regulator's decision, the BAOA release said. MIAL counsel sought time to seek instructions in the matter. The appellate tribunal directed the parties to maintain status quo on the parking charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17529125", "title": "Three TDP MPs absent during voting", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three TDP members of the Upper House did not turn up for voting on FDI retail on Friday, triggering the opposition BJP to charge that they were bought over by the Congress-led UPA government.The three MPs are T Devender Goud, Sujana Chowdary and Gundu Sudharani. Devender Goud claimed that he could not attend the House due to ill-health and a prior doctor appointment. Sujana Chowdary said it was a communication gap.\"It was just a communication gap, I did not anticipate that the voting will take place at 4.30 pm\" Srujana Chowdhary told TOI. Sudharani was not available for comment.However BJP leader Venkaiah Naidu alleged that they were managed by the Congress. The TDP is likely to probe the matter and take action if anyone is found guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17528234", "title": "Goa state pollution control board to return applications to mine owners", "text": "PANAJI: Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) has decided to return all applications seeking renewal of consent to operate filed by mining lease holders and other parties, as the iron ore industry has come to a grinding halt after the Supreme court order.The decision had been taken at the 105th board meeting sometime ago, but the process to initiate the action took some time due to procedural formalities, sources said.It is likely that from next week, the applications for renewal of consent to at least 71 mining leases will be dispatched to the lease holders. In addition, there are requests from stackyards, jetties, screening plants, beneficiation plants for renewal of consent to operate.\"As the apex court has stopped all mining activity in connection with a writ petition, the board decided there was no point in keeping the applications pending,\" a source said.The state government had also decided to stop mining activity to seek some documents from lease holders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17527740", "title": "CID trains cops to fight financial frauds", "text": "RANCHI: Setting its eyes on suspicious financial firms after several irregularities were reported in the recent past, the state crime investigation department (CID) has invited police officers from across the state on Friday to train them in laws pertaining to financial crimes.Anomalies were reported by various non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) in Jharkhand for long, CID officials said. The Reserve Bank of India also provided training to the cops.CID IG Sampat Meena said state police officers lacked knowledge of various aspects of the laws which regulate fraud by NBFCs. \"The training will help them detect and dispose of cases of frauds where NBFCs are involved,\" said Meena. The training was conducted among the officers in the ranks of DSPs, inspectors and sub inspectors.Private hotels in Ranchi host meetings of various NBFCs almost every day. Most of them are non-descript and are not registered with RBI. The government also does not have any data on the existence of such NBFCs.General manager, department of non-banking supervision and foreign exchange , Aditya Kishwar, said the NBFCs were mushrooming in every lane and alley. \"I had come across more than a dozen such companies during a visit to Godda district recently,\" he added.Citing case studies, an RBI official said an NBFC was offering LED television worth Rs 20,000 to its customers after they deposited Rs 500 to them for two years. Another company was offering marriage pack of Rs 2 to Rs 5 lakh to the customers who would deposit Rs 2,000 each month for five years. \"Strange cases of such companies at times come to light,\" said A V Minz, Ranchi rural SP.\"We cannot do anything on our own. We can let police know the problem and now it is up to the police to act,\" said Kishwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17528244", "title": "We can't bowl at Monty's pace, says Pragyan Ojha", "text": "KOLKATA: With Monty Panesar doing well, Pragyan Ojha is under pressure to prove that he is in no way inferior when it comes to left-arm spin bowling.\"He's done quite well, got 11 wickets in the first game and has four here. Ashwin and I are trying hard and we've got wickets as well. It's just that it has not happened more regularly,\" Ojha responded when pointed out that the England spinner has looked sharper than the Indians in this series.\"Here, the wicket has not been doing much. Yesterday, I was trying to get early wickets but I spoke to myself last night and today and said I should not be giving away easy runs. The outfield is very fast. I don't like to bowl to restrict a batsman, but I don't like to give him easy runs either,\" added Ojha, who has picked up three of the five England wickets to fall to bowlers so far.Several experts are of the opinion that Panesar's faster speed through the air has enhanced his effectiveness in the series. Has he given it a thought?\"I have seen a few matches of Monty and he bowls with that pace, it's his natural pace. Guys like me and Ashwin can never bowl with that pace. We are different. You can't ask someone bowling at 80-84 kmph to come into a game and start bowling at 100,\" he said.Defending India's bowling coach, former Middlesex and Queensland fastmedium bowler Joe Dawes, \"who is knowledgeable and talks about angles and use of the crease for variation,\" Ojha said he also falls back on former India left-arm spinners Sunil Joshi (his state coach) and Venkatapathy Raju. \"There is also my childhood coach Vijay Paul, and seniors in the team like Bhajji, Sachin and Viru to guide me,\" he added.Why didn't he add more variation by occasionally going round the wicket to Alastair Cook ? \"I tried it yesterday but he kept sweeping me. I went over the wicket and the change of angle helped,\" explained Ojha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17528793", "title": "Experts for syllabus relevant to society", "text": "MYSORE: Two-day training cum workshop on 'Curriculum Development, Testing and Evaluation' began at the Central Institute of Indian Languages (CIIL) here on Friday.Speaking at the inauguration of the event, C K N Raja, professor of law, said curriculum research had seen a lot of development and there had been a gradual change in curriculum with lots of suggestions being incorporated.The professor felt that syllabus must contain topics relevant to society. The syllabus must include happenings in society which would also help in research. \"Academic freedom has to be included in curriculum development. Students must be allowed to think practically and ahead of times. This would lead to quality education,\" he said.CIIL director Awadesh Kumar Mishra opined that syllabus for a curriculum must not be chosen randomly, but must be selected after considering what would help students.There is no connection between marks and knowledge acquired. Students with good score fail utterly when they enter into profession. The evaluation must also be based on experience. Teachers have to evaluate students by their improvement on monthly basis than on exams, he said. Teaching, learning and evaluation were interdependent activities. The absence of one would adversely affect the other two.The two-day workshop included training sessions on: trends in curriculum development, need for revisiting the structures of syllabi, contemporary challenges in testing and evaluation, test types and techniques and incorporation of the techniques in forms and frames in models.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17528623", "title": "Contempt fear got government to comply", "text": "BELGAUM: Karnataka government on Friday admitted that the fear of contempt forced it to comply with the Supreme Court's order and release Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu.Defending the government's action, law and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar told the legislative assembly: \"The TN lawyers had sent a letter to our legal team stating that they would move a contempt petition at 10.30am on Friday. Based on our legal team's advice, we had to release water,'' he said.Kumar defended that the release of water was in the interestof the state. He said it would be difficult for the state to go back to the SC and seek relief after defying its order. \"We have to go back to the SC again on Monday. We released water keeping the long-term interests of the state,'' the minister said.The earlier contempt petition was one of the reasons for releasing water. In October, the TN had moved a contempt petition in SC alleging that Karnataka had violated the court's September 28 order to comply with the Cauvery River Authority's September 19 direction to release 9,000 cusecs of water daily. The petition is still pending before the court.The fear of Centre notifying the final award of the Cauvery River Water Tribunal also made the government to comply with the Supreme Court's orders and release Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu late on Thursday.In a closed door meeting involving chief minister Jagadish Shettar, deputy chief ministers Eshwarappa, R Ashoka , water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai, some senior officials and legal experts, the pros and cons of not releasing water were discussed in detail on Thursday.When the assembly began in the morning, the opposition parties continued their protest by trooping into the well of the House.Opposition leader Siddaramaiah said: \"Stop the release of water immediately. File a review petition before the SC explaining the distress in the state. TN does not require water now. It's raining there. Also, they have 18 tmct of water stored in their reservoir.''The discussion took political hues with both ruling and opposition members indulging in mudslinging. Annoyed with the opposition's tirade, deputy chief minister KS Eshwarappa said even the Congress government had released water in the past.Siddaramaiah countered him by saying the circumstances were very different then.At this juncture, some BJP legislators from north Karnataka, including Siddu Savdi, Veeraiah Charantimath, Abhay Patil and Sarvabouma Bagali, diverted the issue and raised the issue of river Krishna. They said the opposition parties, especially Congress, should tell the Maharashtra government to release water from their dam to Krishna river to benefit the north Karnataka people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17527724", "title": "Ranchi demolition drive resumes", "text": "RANCHI: Over six houses were demolished in an anti-encroachment drive that began on the banks of the Harmu river again on Friday. Although the residents were given time to vacate their houses before the drive, they seemed anguished by the government's decision to make them homeless.Raziya Khatun, a resident of Vidyanagar whose house was demolished, said, \"We spent half of our life to make a home and they came and demolish it in minutes. We vote the government so that they help the poor but instead they are taking away our shelter.\"Demanding compensation, she said the government should have stopped them when they were building their houses. \"We worked hard and arranged money to make our house, the government should have stopped us when we were building it. Now when we have been staying here for years, the administration suddenly decides that we should be made homeless. At least they should give us compensation for our house.\"Zahiruddin, another victim of the anti-encroachment drive, said the administration was targeting only the poor. \"They have come to our colony thrice for the drive but they are not touching the big apartments built on encroached land. They are just exploiting the poor people.\"Asked why the anti-encroachment drive is being done at the same place again, Manoj Kumar , a magistrate supervising the drive, said, \"We have to submit a status report to the high court. We removed the encroachment earlier also but at some places people again made houses, so we are removing them. The drive will continue till the Harmu river is totally free of encroachments.\"More than 2,500 shanties demolished since April 2011. In the last anti-encroachment drive that was carried out at Kutchery Market in the state in June 2011, 250 shops were demolished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17527946", "title": "I-T detects 5.25 crore black money", "text": "SURAT: The income tax (I-T) department has detected unaccounted income to the tune of Rs 5.25 crore from two real estate developers on Friday.Sources said the I-T sleuths had swooped down on the offices and residence of the two real estate developers and a private resort owner in the city on Thursday. The documents and other assets seized from the resort owner have not been scrutinized as yet.In the past one week, the I-T department has detected unaccounted income to the tune of Rs 36 crore from the real estate developers, jewellers, a fabricator, a silk mill owner and a jari trader. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17528396", "title": "Cops to focus on theft cases involving juveniles", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Police have extended investigation into the role of Shahul Hameed (43), who was arrested on Tuesday on charges of theft, in luring adolescent boys to theft and drug abuse. A large number of adolescents, especially from broken families, is suspected to be part of the theft and ganja dealers' gang headed by Shahul.One of the juvenile delinquent, who is part of the gang, was taken into custody by police earlier.Shahul, according to police, has been using students for theft operations in different parts of the district. \"These students sell narcotic substances to students of various schools and colleges in the district,\" said the officials. Shahul was arrested by the special police squad led by assistant commissioner (south) K R Premachandran and Cheruvannur-Nallalam CI KK Biju.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17526921", "title": "Rahul Gandhi's emissary Prabhu gets lukewarm response in Vijayawada", "text": "HYDERABAD: Congress leaders made light of Rahul Gandhi's envoy Jitendra Desh Prabhu tour to Vijayawada and Guntur on Friday with not senior leader turning up to brief him about the political situation in the district. Prabhu was greeted by a handful of party workers at the district Congress party office after his arrival. Except city legislators Malladi Vishnu, Vellampalli Srinivas, Yalamanchili Ravi, no other prominent leader was present.While Vijayawada MP Lagadapati Rajagopal was in Delhi to attend Parliament, the district minister K Pardha Saradhi left the city for the capital a few hours before Prabhu's arrival. City legislators called for supporting the candidature of sitting MP Lagadapati Rajagopal for another election. However, senior BC leader Kolanukonda Sivaji told Prabhu that the party would fail if Rajagopal was fielded again from Vijayawada. He suggested Prabhu to pick someone from the backward community to improve the party's prospects. tnnPrabhu held confidential discussions with Sivaji. According to the sources, Sivaji suggested the name of minister Saradhi as the best candidate for the Lok Sabha elections. Sivaji himself reportedly expressed willingness to contest the election as a senior leader in the party.Later, Prabhu told the party workers that his tours in coastal districts had received overwhelming response from the cadres.He said all the welfare programmes being implemented in the state were those of the Congress party and not that of any individual like late chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy. He asked the party workers to enlighten people about this. He said Rahul Gandhi was particular about winning more Lok Sabha seats from the state and take corrective measures depending on the feedback given by the workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17527473", "title": "Ajit makes own Pawar play to return as deputy CM", "text": "MUMBAI: Over two months after he resigned over allegations of involvement in a multi-crore irrigation scam, NCP leader Ajit Pawar was sworn in again as deputy chief minister of Maharashtra in a relatively low-profile ceremony at Raj Bhavan on Friday. His re-induction indicated a softening of stance between the quarreling DF allies, the Congress and NCP, with CM Prithviraj Chavan and Ajit reportedly realizing the need for cooperation before the upcoming legislative session and the 2014 polls.While the opposition denounced the comeback as a farce and black spot on Chavan's perceived clean image, Ajit himself struck a belligerent note, claiming his innocence in the irrigation row and daring opponents. \"My adversaries may continue to level allegations against me, but they willl never be able to prove my direct involvement,\" he said.Ajit resigned as deputy CM in end September following a series of reports in TOI about large-scale and arbitrary increases in the costs of irrigation projects. On Friday, before leaving for Pune, Ajit said, \"My conscience is clear now. I have come back because the government white paper proved all allegations wrong. Irrigation potential in the state has increased and cost escalations in various projects are justified. I don't care about the fallout now even if the opposition continues to level charges or file PILs in the court.\" Interestingly, Chavan said a few days ago that the white paper was not an inquiry report, but only a status update.Ajit, 53, took the oath of office at 9.30 am in the Durbar Hall, which was packed with supporters awaiting his return. The ceremonial buzz was interrupted by applause when Pawar arrived with his family. He proceeded with his customary, confident gait to greet cabinet colleagues, apparently having left behind any signs of a beleaguered politician embattled by allegations of corruption. The oath was administered by governor K Sankaranarayanan following an announcement by chief secretary JK Banthia.Ajit warned of a policy paralysis if the opposition cried hoarse about everything the government did. \"It is the constitutional right of an individual to file PILs, but that does not mean one has to sit out of the ministry or his post until the judgment comes. If that starts to happen then I can assure you that every politician, minister, chief minister and prime minister will have to sit out of the cabinet,\" he said.Several Congress ministers and opposition members stayed away from the ceremony. Shiv Sena MP Sanjay Raut said, \"This is nothing but horse-trading by a weak chief minister who has evidently surrendered to NCP blackmail.\" Chavan said the decision had nothing to do with political compulsions.Pawar's comeback is believed to have been orchestrated in haste, seemingly to counter opposition in the upcoming winter session of the legislature, in which a no-confidence motion has been moved by the opposition. The NCP was also worried about the Congress taking the credit for Indu Mill land being given to construct an Ambedkar memorial. An NCP member said, \"The decision could have been made a month later if not for these two developments.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17529358", "title": "Oriental students continue protest", "text": "INDORE: Students of the Oriental Institute of Science and Technology continued their protest against their institute for the second day in succession on Friday. They want the college to produce documents of recognition of various courses the it is running along with the institute's recognition. The protest took a violent turn with the students vandalizing college infrastructure.Later police had to be called to control the agitating studentsThe entire controversy started when a student of institute, Mritunjay Pandey was refused an education loan on grounds that the concerned institute did not hold valid certification and is not recognized by any competent body. The bank pointed out that even the mark sheet provided by the institute holds an invalid registration number.Later when he approached the institute for clarification, the administration did not give a satisfactory explanation.On Friday leaders of NSUI joined the protest.. \"Students boycotted the classes and sat on dharna against the institute for not having a valid permission to function,\" said NSUI leader Sahil Farooqui adding that recognition from UGC is also showing pending.\"Administration failed to produce proper documents and instead called police to end protest,\" said Farooqui adding that protest will continue on Saturday as well. Director of the institute Gaurav Thakral could not be contacted even after repeated calls and texts from TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17528214", "title": "Kochi may soon have solar boats", "text": "KOCHI: Even as transport development agencies discuss the need to integrate various modes of transport, the state water transport department (SWTD) has come up with a plan to revamp its fleet and utilize solar energy to bring down the fuel cost. The department plans to introduce solar boats and set up chemical toilets in existing boats.Speaking on the project, SWTD director Shaji V Nair said that the decision to introduce solar boats on a trial basis would be taken after scrutinizing a report submitted by the ship technology department of Cochin University of Science and Technology ( CUSAT). The state government took the initiative to authorise the university to conduct the study. \"After analysing the report, we will look into the project cost and feasibility,\" he said.Researchers with the ship technology department said that a ferry boat fitted with solar panels can carry 75 people. \"It is designed in such a way that excess energy can be stored in standby batteries and used during night. During the monsoon season when there is less sunlight, the boat can use a stand-by diesel engine,\" said associate professor Dileep K Krishnan, who is involved in the project. The use of solar boats will eliminate emission of greenhouse and noxious gases. Meanwhile, the department will set up chemical toilets in all their boats as soon as the project is cleared by the state government. \"We expect the order to be issued within a week. In the initial phase, chemical toilets will be set up in 49 boats owned by the department,\" said Shaji. A detailed project for setting up chemical toilets at a total cost of Rs 70 lakh was submitted to the state government. SWTD operates more than 80 boats across 14 operating stations in Kerala. The plan is to install special tanks to collect the waste in boats and treat it using chemicals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17526212", "title": "Date, venue of student body polls changed", "text": "ITANAGAR: The 24th conference-cum-election of the All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (Aapsu) is scheduled to be held from December 21 to 24 next at Dera Natung Government College here.The misunderstanding between Aapsu activists during its proposed election at Ziro in lower Subansiri district in November has been resolved, a press communique said here on Friday.Aapsu president Takam Tatung and interim committee chairman Tagru Tame said both the parties accepted the new date and venue of the election, which had been postponed due to loss of identity cards of delegates and difficulties in the registration process.After consulting all the contesting candidates and district students' unions, Aapsu decided to conduct the 24{+t}{+h} election as per the new schedule, the release said.While lamenting the misunderstandings that had surfaced between the members of the students' community, Tagru Tame thanked Tatung for averting a catastrophe by postponing the union's election, which otherwise may have caused bloodshed.\"I appreciate Tatung's decision of postponing the conference-cum-election. If the elections were held in November, it could have resulted in clashed, which may have led to bloodshed,\" said Tagru.He added that the election will be conducted as per the constitution of Aapsu with active participation and help from the executive body of the union. Tatung apologized for rescheduling the election date and venue. He added that the students' body had to take into consideration the examinations of students in the state and Christmas celebrations before coming out with a date for the election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17556032", "title": "State government acted on its own in deadline for caste certificates: Election Commission", "text": "AURANGABAD: The state election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan said here on Friday that the state government did not take consent of the election commission before relaxing the deadline for contestants submitting caste certificates.\"The lack of co-ordination from the state government had led to confusion in more than 300 cases where the commission is now facing litigations,\" she said. Satyanarayan stressed on the extra efforts undertaken by the commission so that similar cases should not happen in upcoming elections due in December 2012.After the issue of caste certificate validation was highlighted during the municipal elections in February 2012, the state government had decided to allow candidates in the panchayat elections to submit their caste certificates within a period of six months from the election.The state government took the decision to cut down the limit to three months. The commission found that in some cases, the candidates failed to furnish the documents within the stipulated time and in some cases documents submitted were not authentic. This has prompted the commission to seek legal clarification from the candidates.The commission had recently imparted training to gram panchayat members in Wardha and Kolhapaur on election reforms. The training programmes was a great success in both the districts and based on this, the central government was now looking forward to replicate the same model at other gram panchyatas all over the country under the Rajiv Gandhi Gram Sashaktikaran Yojana, the state election commissioner said.Highlighting other achievements of the commission, Satyanarayan said she reduced the capacity of each polling booth from 1,000 to 500 to reduce the rush of voter. It has also resulted in more number of booths and increased accessibility. The commission had also developed 237 websites of all local bodies in the state to offer inter-connectivity to personnel associated with the election process. \"All our steps are voter-centric and we are trying to make the process of elections smooth in the state,\" she added.The commission was planning to introduce 'e-voting' during the Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation election but the proposal was stuck on technical grounds. However, the state election commissioner felt that 'e-voting' and 'e-kiosk' would be introduced very soon. She said under her leadership the commission had taken various initiatives for streamlining the process. She also said supervising the election process in the state was a big challenge where people from different departments were roped in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527471", "title": "SpiceJet plane bumps into floodlight before take off", "text": "NEW DELHI: It is common to find vehicles crashing into stationary objects on Indian roads. But at the IGI Airport on Thursday evening, a Boeing 737-800 followed in the act. A SpiceJet aircraft veered off its path and crashed into an apron floodlight, seriously damaging the plane's wing.The airline and the Directorate General of Civil Aviation are still not sure what led the pilot to digress from his well marked path and stray about 8 metres towards the floodlight. The incident occurred about 7.40pm when SpiceJet flight SG-239 was moving towards the taxiway to leave for Hyderabad.The aircraft had 136 passengers and six crew members on board. \"As the aircraft headed to the taxiway, the pilot seems to have turned before the actual turning. The right wing struck against an apron floodlight. The wing and the light were damaged significantly,\" said sources.DGCA orders probe into 'minor' incidentA SpiceJet aircraft veered off its path and crashed into an apron floodlight at the IGI airport, seriously damaging the plane's wing. After the accident, the pilot informed the air traffic control that he wanted to return to the parking bay due to \"technical problems\". The passengers were later put on another aircraft, also a Boeing 737-800, and departed for Hyderabad at 9.25pm.While the airline maintained that the incident was \"minor\", DGCA said that they had taken a serious view of the accident. A team was set up to investigate it and fact-finding went on till at least 1am on Friday. \"We would %like to clarify that it was a minor incident. We are doing an internal investigation in this matter,\" said an airline %spokesperson.DGCA chief Arun Mishra said: \"This is a serious incident and is being treated as one. So far it is not clear how and why the pilot strayed off the marked path. There were sufficient lights to help him see so that cannot be an issue. Let's see what the investigation throws up.\" Sources said that the pilot has been grounded pending enquiry.Sources explained that routes are marked clearly for aircraft and other vehicles at the airport. \"For aircraft, their route to and from the apron area to taxiways and then to the main runway are highlighted in yellow. The aircraft nose has to be aligned with the line and the aircraft moves without any obstruction. However, in this case, the aircraft had left this path. This could either be human error or a technical problem,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17528706", "title": "Chopper tourism all set to take off in state", "text": "Visakhapatnam: Tourists can soon hop from one tourist spot to another in the state as they soak in the scenic beauty from the skies, if the state government's plans to launch a helicopter tourism project takes off.In a bid to boost tourism, the state government is planning to connect tourist places in the state through a dedicated helicopter service and if everything goes according to plan, the chopper service will be introduced in Visakhapatnam district first and will be extended to other places in the state later.The proposed chopper service will give tourists an opportunity to admire the green patches of Araku valley, also known as the Ooty of Andhra, and its hilly terrains from the skies as the government is mulling a package including Borra Caves, Araku Valley, Anantagiri, all in the vicinity of Araku, Erramatti Dibbalu (Red Sand dunes) near Bhimili and the city.The choppers can reportedly accommodate 8 to12 people at a time, sources said, adding that the government initially plans to station the choppers at the starting point in Visakhapatnam.The state government plans to develop this project under the PPP mode and will be roping in private players and the tourism department sources said.Talks are already understood to be underway between Turbo Aviation Company of Hyderabad and the government. The charges for the chopper tourism package will be finalised once the agreement is crystalised with the aviation company.Sources said the project hinges largely on operational issues and ticket fare. \"The ticket fare should be tourist friendly and at the same time offer a decent profit margin to the aviation company. If you peg a high price, nobody will avail of the service. If you offer it at a very low price the aviation company will not be in a position to extend its services,\" sources said.The government is planning to provide a small piece of land to the company to establish a cafeteria or a restaurant at subsidised rates at landing points so that the company can generate some revenues from food and beverage sales to meet its operational costs.Minister for infrastructure, investment and ports Ganta Srinivasa Rao told TOI that discussions were underway to promote helicopter tourism in the district and that a high level meeting would be held shortly to follow up on various tourism promotion proposals. He also said they were in touch with Turbo Aviation Company to ensure that the chopper service takes off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17527804", "title": "Crisis ends as JSEB union calls off strike", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) employees on Friday called off the strike on Friday following a Jharkhand high court order. The strike led to statewide blackout for two days affecting normal life and causing loss worth crores of rupees to business houses.Refusing to hear the counsel representing the employees, division bench of Chief Justice Prakash Chandra Tatiya and Justice Jaya Roy asked the striking workers to first call off the strike.Over 7,500 power board employees, under the banner of Co-ordination Committee of JSEB Engineers Officers Employees Association, had gone on strike against appointment of two distribution franchisees, Tata Power and CESC .Prashant Chaturvedi, convener of the employees' association, said the strike had been called off within five minutes of the court order and power was later restored across the state. The court had taken suo motu cognizance of the strike at the instance of counsel Rajiv Kumar which was later turned into a PIL.The association told the court that the strike would be withdrawn in five minutes and its effects would be visible across the state within half an hour from the time of withdrawal, said Rajiv Kumar. Later, the employees' association prayed to the court for justice in the wake of the MoU signed by the state electricity board with the two private players.The court also asked JSEB what alternate steps it had taken to ensure that its consumers did not suffer without power and water. The next date of hearing was fixed for December 19.Though power was partially restored in the state capital from Thursday late evening, the situation came under control on Friday afternoon after the strike was called off.\"Power has been fully restored across the state except in a couple of rural feeders in Dumka where the agitating employees had damaged equipment at the feeder ,\" said JSEB chairman S N Verma, adding that a number of FIRs had been lodged in this connection.Verma said to ensure uninterrupted power supply, JSEB had made alternate arrangements with NTPC , Power Grid Corporation , Tata Power, TVNL JUSCO and Usha Martin.Though the matter was sub judice and the court had not restrained the association from protesting, members will continue to protest by way of conducting a seminar, involving other states, on franchisee system, or can even organize indefinite sit-ins before the board headquarters.\"This will, however, be decided at a meeting of the co-ordination committee,\" he said, adding that MoU was a policy shift of the government as franchising has never happened in any board before unbundling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17528493", "title": "Six trucks seized in govt raid against sand extraction", "text": "MAPUSA: Six trucks were seized by Pernem police for illegal transportation of sand along national highway 17 at Dhargalim on Thursday. The raid was conducted on the directions of Pernem deputy collector Meena Naik Goltekar.After receiving the directive, Pernem mamlatdar Anil Rane, police and officials of the traffic cell conducted the raid and found that six trucks were transporting sand without permission. The trucks were seized and offences were registered against their owners.Unofficial estimates show that sand extraction in the Tiracol river in Pernem constitute about 35% of the total sand extracted in the state. After the recent raids, the activity has slowed down in the river. But, some canoes still extract sand clandestinely during night. Uncontrolled sand extraction along this river has posed an ecological disaster for hundreds of residents along the banks. With sand extraction reaching its peak in the recent years because of the boom in the real estate sector, the river has changed its topography. Also, sidewalls of the river bank have collapsed at many places as extraction is being undertaken deeper in the basin.Sources informed TOI that the mines department recently conducted few raids at the sand extraction sites along the Tiracol river but the activity continues although in lesser magnitude. Sources in the mines department said that the department does not have enough manpower and machinery at their disposal to arrest irregularities and check flouting of extraction norms as there is no separate section which looks after sand extraction. Sources said that the deputy collector has given strict directives to the Pernem mamlatdar and the police to clamp down on illegal sand extraction in the taluka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17527411", "title": "UP BJP to stage protest against 'anti-farmer' SAP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Enraged over what it calls a very low state advisory price (SAP) -- Rs 275-Rs 290 per quintal - of sugarcane as announced by the Samajwadi Party government on Friday, the Bharatiya Janata Party has decided to launch a state-wide demonstration on Saturday. The BJP had been demanding Rs 400 per quintal as SAP for the sugarcane.The BJP along with the main opposition Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) had also raked up the issue of declaration of sugarcane SAP in the larger interest of farmers in the state and had even disrupted the proceedings of the House along on more than one occasion. In fact, on the last day of the winter session, Speaker Mata Prasad Pandey adjourned the House sine die after Opposition members trooped into the well of the House demanding the SAP declaration.Talking to TOI, state BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi said that declaration of SAP by the state government two days after the end of the session on Wednesday only reflects its mala fide intention. If they had to declare the SAP only two days after the House, they should have declared at the floor of the House itself, Bajpayi further said and added but they knew that declaration of SAP for sugarcane on the floor of the House would have invited a vehement opposition. \"However, this has exposed the SP government's ties with mill owners and prove that the SP government has worked in their interest instead of the farmers,\" Bajpayi said, adding \"On one hand, the SP tried to present a pro-farmer face by staging a walkout in the Lok Sabha on the issue of foreign direct investment and on the other hand, the government has declared low SAP for sugarcane, Bajpayi said.To lodge its protest against the 'anti-farmer' SAP, the party has asked all its district presidents to hold protest at each district headquarters on Saturday. Bajpayi said that the party would not sit as a mute spectator when farmers' interest had completely been ignored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17529077", "title": "Planning a holiday for 2? How about trip to Moon", "text": "WASHINGTON: A private venture launched by former Nasa executives plans to send people to the Moon by 2020, costing $1.5 billion for two. The company, Golden Spike claims to have generated \"real interest\" in space agencies in Asian and European countries.Golden Spike plans to sell each Moon mission for about $1.5 billion - a relative bargain, said the company's president and CEO Alan Stern, a former director of Nasa's Science Mission Directorate, Space.com reported.\"We're selling to nations, corporations and individuals. Get in line - and I think it's going to be a long one,\" he said. \"We have spoken to space agencies from both Asian and European countries and found real interest,\" Stern said.The missions are being targeted at countries without their own space agencies or that can't afford to launch people to the Moon independently, as well as scientific organizations and even private individuals looking to take the trip of a lifetime.Stern and Golden Spike's chairman of the board of directors, Gerry Griffin, a former Apollo flight director and Nasa Johnson Space Center director, announced their plans on the eve of the 40th anniversary of the last launch to the Moon, Apollo 17, which lifted off on December 7, 1972.The company's leaders have not yet chosen a launch vehicle or space capsule to transport their passengers; Stern expects to make the final selections in 2014.Golden Spike will likely use existing or already-under-development rockets and spacecraft. However, the company will need to commission its own lunar lander and specially designed spacesuits.The company has been in the works, and under wraps, for two and a half years, Stern said.Each moon expedition will involve four separate launches: two launches to get the lunar lander into orbit, and two more to transport crew and cargo. Golden Spike's leaders hope to fly regular missions throughout the 2020s.The venture doesn't have a long list of wealthy backers. \"We're going to make our business run on sales,\" Stern said. The project does have the support of an advisory board made up of scientists, aerospace company leaders, movie producers, and dignitaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17527134", "title": "While ruling party rejoices, BJP to launch anti-Congress campaign", "text": "JAIPUR: While the ruling party is planning elaborate promotion of its achievements on completion of four years in office, the opposition is gearing up for an expose of the state government.The state BJP will launch a state-wide anti-government campaign - not only on the roads but also in the virtual world. For the first time ever, a special campaign against the Ashok Gehlot government would be launched on the social networking site - Facebook. BJP will also exhibit failures of the government, unfulfilled promises and various newspaper cuttings about reports on court directives and observations against the present Congress government. They will do so in the form of hoardings which would be on display at its offices across the state.\"The Ashok Gehlot government has failed in all aspects. We, on the occasion of Congress completing four years in office, will launch a massive campaign against it. Public meetings and protest programmes will be held under the leadership of our elected representatives,'' said Sunil Kothari, state party secretary.He said that during the last four years, the state government on several occasions and for several issues had been rapped by the courts including the high court and the Supreme Court. \"The courts have several times pointed out poor governance in the state. Copies of related media reports would be assembled and displayed,'' he said.The party has also decided to launch a virtual campaign through a social networking site, a move aimed at appealing to the younger generation. \"The social networking site is very popular among youngsters so in order to reach out a larger section of the younger generation, the failures of the government would be highlighted online,'' said Kothari.The state BJP has also formed a three-member committee, which is being led by senior party legislator Rao Rajendra Singh, to prepare an assessment report on the four years of the Congress government. The report would be made public next week. With the assembly elections slated for next year, the opposition is gearing up for a major campaign against the government.EomJaipur: While the ruling party is planning an elaborate showcase and promotions of its achievements as it completes four years in office, the opposition is gearing up for an exhibit of the state government.The state BJP will launch a state-wide anti-government campaign - not just on the roads but also in the virtual world. For the first time ever, a special campaign against the Ashok Gehlot government would be launched on the social networking site 'Facebook.' The state party unit will also hold exhibits highlighting the failures of the government, unfulfilled promises and various newspapers cutting about reports on Courts directives and observations against the present Congress government. The exhibits in form of hoardings would be on display at its offices across the state.The Ashok Gehlot government has failed in all aspects. We on the occasion of Congress completing four years in office will launch a massive campaign against it. Public meetings and protest programmes will be held under the leadership of our elected representatives,'' said Sunil Kothari, state party secretary.He said that during the last four years, the state government on several occasions and for several issues had been rapped by the courts including the High Court and the Supreme Court. The courts have several times have pointed out at the poor governance in the state. Copies of related media reports would be gathered and displayed,'' he said.The party has decided to launch a virtual campaign through the social networking site, a move motivated by the attempt to appeal the younger generation. The social networking site is very popular with the youngsters and hence, in order to reach out a large section of the younger generation, the failures of the government would be highlighted online,'' said Kothari.The state BJP has also formed a three-member committee, which is being led by senior party legislator Rao Rajendra Singh to prepare an assessment report on the four years of the Congress government. The report would be made public next week. With the assembly elections to be held next year, the opposition is gearing up for a major campaign against the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "doha", "code": "17528896", "title": "Climate talks on the brink of collapse in Doha", "text": "DOHA: Climate talks reached the brink of collapse at Doha on Saturday morning with the US and other developed countries asking for a deletion of substantial portions of the text from an on-going negotiating track, called the Long Term Cooperative Action. This effectively dragged the climate talks to exactly where they stood on day one. After eleven days of negotiations that comprised of several overnight sessions as well in a closed door meeting with the two ministers from Germany and Singapore (put on charge to resolve outstanding issues), US asked that the twelve paragraphs, each of them about concerns of the developing world, be cleansed of any words of substance in the document that the gathered 194 countries are expected to sign.The move caught developing countries blind forcing even the BASIC (Brazil, South Africa, China, India) ministers into a huddle at the last moment to assess if this would lead to a complete crash of the Doha round of climate talks.Parallel to this, the EU and other developed countries blocked the last moment adoption of a document that would have set the framework for the post-2020 global climate compact. The EU and the 'Umbrella group' that includes US, Australia and Canada asked that even a weak reference to the Rio+20 declaration, which the heads of states had signed just a few months ago, be deleted from the context of the post-2020 global climate deal.\"What they are doing on the Long Term Cooperative Act is basically trying to drag the talks to the first day when they asked that the world should just junk all the advances made on adaptation, finance, a shared vision for reducing emissions and other important elements that are central to the concerns of the developing world,\" said a key negotiator from the BASIC countries.\"How can the EU and others say that we do not agree to what our prime ministers and presidents agreed to at the Rio+20 summit and that it cannot be included in the framework for future talks. It is absurd because the Rio+20 summit laid the larger canvas for all environmental and developmental action including that on climate change,\" said a leading negotiator for another BASIC country just getting out of the huddle.Sources also told TOI that the Least Developed Countries were already livid on the extremely weak compromise reached on the future of Kyoto Protocol which gave an easy window of escape to the developed countries party to the legal tool that forces rich countries to cut emissions. \"Internally they threatened to walk out if this is the text adopted though we have to wait and watch how the storm will blow, now that we have also heard of the absolute logjam the US and others have caused suddenly on the other two tracks of talks,\" said one negotiator.The first indications that the Doha talks had fallen into a deep crisis came with the host Qatar announcing that they were suspending the formal talks in open halls till 7:30am on Saturday. Earlier the host country, which also acts as the Presidency of the talks, had persistently indicated that the talks would be over by Friday night.A key member of the African group negotiating group told TOI, \"We took two weeks to drag ourselves out of a deep hole and right now we are back deep down in the dark hole.\" When asked what the chances of a successful meeting was,\"It has not looked so bleak over the last two weeks. This is dreadful, really. I don't know if I should advise friends to go home now and just forget it or to postpone their tickets.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17528853", "title": "With effluent treatment in place, knitwear industry hopes for revival", "text": "COIMBATORE: The knitwear cluster of Tirupur is set for a revival as production units are close to ensuring zero liquid discharge (ZLD) from their effluent treatment plants, as demanded by the Madras high court.According to the Dyers Association of Tirupur, 16 out of the 18 Common Effluent Treatment Plants (CETP) are now engaged in the process and the remaining two are expected to commence trial runs some time in December. Two treatment plants are now functioning at 70% of capacity while another one is presently operating at 40% with zero liquid discharge. \"We are upgrading the common effluent treatment plants with the help of the government and are enhancing the capacity of the common effluent treatment plants in the cluster,\" said S Nagarajan, president, Dyers Association of Tirupur (DAT).The Madras high court had come down heavily on the knitwear cluster for upsetting the ecological balance of the region by releasing untreated chemical effluents into Noyyal river and its tributaries since January 2011. The court ordered the state administration to close down more than 700 dyeing and bleaching units in the region until measures were put in place to ensure ZLD from the treatment plants. At the moment CETPs at Arulpuram, which has 15 units connected to it, are functioning at 70% of its total operation capacity. \"Our total capacity is to treat 55 lakh litre daily and now we are treating 38 lakh litre and will further upgrade the facility as we expect to achieve total ZLD within the next three months,\" said S Selvakumar, managing director, Arulpuram CETP, Tirupur.Similarly, the Park CETP in Tirupur is presently operating at 70% capacity and the treatment plant at Veerapandi is operating at 40% capacity. The state government had also announced financial aid amounting to Rs 179 crore for the cluster owners to upgrade equipment and machinery at the treatment plants. Work towards that is underway in the district. \"Mangalam CETP has approached us to start trial run and one more at S Periapalayam is also expected to follow suit. The units that are presently running at 70% will be allowed to go to the next stage after they upgrade their machinery and reverse osmosis reject treatment facility,\" said R Kannan, district environmental engineer, Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board, Tirupur.A Sakthivel, chairman, Apparel Export Promotion Council (AEPC), recently claimed that the achievement of ZLD is a major achievement in the textile sector. He also expressed confidence that the textile cluster in Tirupur will soon bounce back and regain its previous standing as the knitwear capital of the country. Sakthivel also added that the industry is already being burdened by the rising yarn prices and economic slowdown in the US and Europe markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531625", "title": "Is he lying?", "text": "Have you started feeling that your partner isn't always speaking the truth? Well, here are some tell-tale signs that indicate he's lying...Playing the 'perfect' manHe has always topped in school, is successful and has a bank balance that would make most of his contemporaries go green with envy. He is 40, but has never been in a relationship, because he was waiting for true love. He has some business interests, but is vague about it. He showers love and attention, but won't let you drop by. If he sounds too good to be true, he probably is.My mom is in townYou mean a lot to him, but you have not seen or met his mom, who conveniently waltzes in whenever he needs an excuse to skip a prior commitment. He even tells you, 'let's take it easy for a while, because I think my mom knows about us'. If you suspect that your guy is using his mother as a shield to avoid contact, be subtle while probing.Doesn't stay in touchHe promises to call and meet; but you are always left waiting, because he has some urgent work. See the situation for what it is; if he cares for you, he will make time for you. He may not be available 24/7, but will definitely make an effort to stay in touch .He never introduces youHe bumps into an acquaintance, but avoids introducing you. In fact, you have never been a part of his social circle. He avoids all questions on the topic like the plague. Well, something is fishy. Probe further, don't let it go.melissa.dcosta@timesgroup.com(Compiled by Melissa D'costa )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17527525", "title": "11 Guwahati molesters get 2 years\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 RI, fined", "text": "GUWAHATI: Five months after a national uproar over the public molestation of a young girl outside a Guwahati pub, a Kamrup judge on Friday sentenced 11 of the 16 accused to two years rigorous imprisonment and slapped a fine of Rs 3,000 each on them. Four accused in the case were acquitted for lack of evidence and one of those arrested is a juvenile and is being tried separately.The public violence against the girl was captured on camera by a local TV journalist, who was also booked but acquitted. A national outrage followed as police failed to arrest the accused for several days although the footage that was aired on TV and went viral on the net clearly showed the faces of the assailants and the scores of men who stood by and watched the girl being groped on the evening of July 9. Singed by the heat, Assam government suspended several policemen and transferred city SP Apurba Jibon Baruah.Among those sent to jail was Amar Jyoti Kalita, a private company employee who had fled from Guwahati and was picked up 15 days later in Varanasi. TV journalist Gaurav Jyoti Neog, who filmed the attack and was roundly criticized for not intervening, was among those let off by the court.Kamrup chief judicial magistrate S P Moitra termed the crime as \"ghastly and brital\" while delivering his sentence and ordered authorities to collect the fines and give the money as compensation to the victim.The trial started on September 18 and hearings were held every working day during which 24 witnesses were heard. The convicts have 30 days to appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17528227", "title": "No demand for leadership change: BJP", "text": "MARGAO: South Goa district president of the BJP and Sanguem MLA Subhash Phal Dessai categorically scotched all talk about demands for \"leadership change\" within the party as \"baseless rumours\" even as he stressed his commitment for strengthening the party organization in the district.\"They say there cannot be smoke without fire, but let me tell you I will not allow a smallest spark to ignite that fire. The rumours are just that - plain rumours. All the BJP legislators are united and there can be no question about our faith in the leadership of chief minister Manohar Parrikar. There's not even 0.01 percent dissatisfaction among any of the MLAs. It's the good fortune of the Goans to have Manohar Parrikar as the chief minister. It's impossible for us to harbour such an inauspicious thought (of leadership change),\" Phal Dessai said while addressing mediapersons on Friday.Phal Dessai's assertions assume significance against the backdrop of reports in a section of the media that some of the MLAs in the mining belt, including Phal Dessai, driven by the mining crisis, had come together to demand leadership change in the government thus indicating an imminent threat to the stability of the nine-month old BJP government.\"It's absolutely wrong to say that the sense of unrest among the mining-affected people would lead to destabilization of the government. The public too has full faith and confidence in the chief minister in his capability to solve the mining issues. Had it not been for Parrikar as the chief minister, there would have been chaos by now. The chief minister has the support of all the MLAs from the mining belt. He takes all of us into confidence before taking any decisions,\" Phal Dessai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17526646", "title": "Kid died of lung infection: Autopsy report", "text": "BHOPAL: Aslam Ansari, the 9-year-old student who was allegedly assaulted by two of his teachers in a government primary school at Betul district died due 'lung infection' as a consequence of the injury he had sustained - the state medico legal institute (MLI) reported on Thursday.He was a class 4 student. Both the teachers were arrested under Section 325 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt) and 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) on Wednesday on the basis of MLI's report.\"The victim succumbed to infection as due to injury of assault, Dr B S Badkur, director of State medico legal institute (MLI) told TOI.Bed sores is caused by friction, when a victim slides down in bed, or when the body presses on a vulnerable area and chocks the blood supply, said Dr Badkur adding the tissue can die within a short span. \"If infection spreads to the blood, it becomes fatal\" he said.Aslam, a resident of Pathakhera, in Betul district was allegedly beaten up by the teachers after a bucket was broken in the school. The incident took place on November 16 when some boys broke a bucket in the school.The teachers - Biju Kumar, 40, and Vijay Ram Bhagat, 44 - beat up Aslam though he kept denying that he did it. He received critical injury in his backbone following the bashing.On Monday, his parents had approached Pathakhera police station and lodged a complaint against the teachers. He was referred to Bhopal where he died in Hamidia Hospital on Tuesday.Initially, police had booked two teachers under Section 325 of IPC. They were charged with additional section - for culpable homicide not amounting to murder-on the basis the post-mortem report and expert opinion from the MLI.\"Both the teachers have been arrested under relevant sections. They will be produced before the court on Thursday,\" Ajay Sharma, inspector general (IG) Hosangabad range told TOI. He said opinion from a forensic expert was necessary as there was difference of more than 13 days between the incident and death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17530986", "title": "'Dabangg 2' cleared with U/A certificate", "text": "Salman Khan's much-awaited \" Dabangg 2\" has been passed with a U/A certificate by the Central Board Of Film Certification - and without any cuts.The movie, which is a sequel to 2010 release \"Dabangg\" , has been given an all clear sign , producer-director Arbaaz Khan shared on Twitter.\" 'Dabangg 2' gets UA certificate without cuts,\" he wrote.The movie, releasing Dec 21, also stars Sonakshi Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527096", "title": "South Delhi girl abducted, raped by neighbour", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 15-year-old girl was rescued on Friday after she had gone missing from Sarita Vihar, southeast Delhi since March 24 this year. A man, identified as Mehta Alam, has been arrested for abducting the girl and subsequently raping her.A case of kidnapping was registered by the girl's parents. During investigations, police found that one of her neighbours, Alam, was also missing since the day of abduction. Alam had reportedly taken the minor to Ranchi and was traced after police surveillance. He was later brought to the capital and sent to judicial custody. Alam told police that he had kidnapped the girl with the intention of marrying her. Sections of rape (376) and abducting or inducing a woman to compel her for marriage (366) have been added to the existing FIR.In another case, a woman was arrested for assisting a man in kidnapping a minor. The accused man, arrested on November 28, had also raped the minor, police said. The incident was reported form Narela in outer district. The woman, Bhawna, had sold the girl to the accused, Dara Singh (50) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a class IV employee at a government hospital. The girl had managed to inform her parents, who then approached the police for help. The girl was recovered and a case of kidnapping and rape was registered after her medical exam confirmed rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17528473", "title": "Waiting for dialogue with India: IOC", "text": "JAIPUR: On Tuesday, the IOC executive board took an extreme step by suspending the Indian Olympic Association. The IOC made it clear that any activities of the IOA will not be recognized by the world body. However, the IOA went ahead with its elections on the next day.In an exclusive interview with TOI, Pere Miro, director of NOC relations at the IOC, says that the body was forced to take such a decision after repeated warnings to set the house in order fell on deaf ears. Excerpts:IOA has gone ahead and held elections. Apart from not recognizing the new committee, can the IOC penalize the IOA further?The IOC does not recognize any such election and that is the end of the matter. As far as the IOC is concerned, Mr VK Malhotra was the functional president when the IOA was suspended and Mr Randhir Singh was the general secretary. We continue to recognize that and any further changes in the IOA don't really affect us.Now that the IOA has been suspended, what is the stand vis-a-vis India's representative to IOC, Randhir Singh?I'd like to make it clear that the action is against the IOA and not individuals. Mr Randhir Singh continues to hold his posts in the Olympic Association Of Asia and the IOC.Has the Indian govt or the IOA approached the IOC after the suspension?Since the suspension, nobody from India has approached us. We are open to dialogue. If anyone from India does approach us, we are ready to hold talks to sort out the issue. The IOC is keen to ensure that sporting activities happen in India smoothly.What happens to Indian athletes participating in international events?India cannot participate in any event held under the IOC jurisdiction as a nation as long as the suspension remains in force. That would include events like the Olympics and the Asian Games. When it comes to athletes, the issue will be dealt with on a case-by-case basis. However, in single sport, for example Asian Table Tennis Championship which is conducted by the ITTF, the IOC will respect the decision of the governing body of that sport.What happens to the Olympic quota places up for grabs in these events?Quota places for future games are an issue for us. The Olympic Games is still far away and we do hope the issue with the IOA is resolved by then. As of now, if any Indian earns a quota place, the IOC won't really take any decision on that. However, if the issue is not resolved by the time of the Olympics, the IOC would have to take some decision. As of now, the IOC will just wait.The Indian govt says it only wants to ensure fair elections at IOA in accordance to the Olympic Charter. Your reactions.If the Indian government says it is not interfering with the IOA election, we would welcome the idea and we would want to understand the details. If they say that they are following the Olympic Charter, they should show it. The Olympic Charter ensures harmony among the IOC, the 204 National Olympic Committees and the laws of all the countries. Normally, we would deal with the IOA only. But then, in this case, we are open to discussions with the Indian government. We are waiting to have dialogue with anyone interested in doing so.The Indian judiciary wanted IOA elections as per the Sports Code. How could the IOA defy the Court?We respect the decisions of justice in every nation. But then, the judges will deliver their verdict as per the laws of the nation. The concerned nation should look at the laws regarding sport and ensure that the sports organizations remain autonomous and in harmony with the principles of the Olympic Charter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17528575", "title": "Economy needs to open up further, says governor", "text": "KOLKATA: As the Congress-led UPA government is determined stays ensconced in its move to bring in FDI in retail trade, with even the Rajya Sabha voting in its favour on Friday, governor M K Narayanan, too, advocated the opening up of the economy but without disturbing equilibrium. He was speaking at the three-day Pan IIT Global Conference that kicked off in Science City on Friday. This is the first time that the prestigious alumni show of the country's premier tech schools is happening in the city.The governor proposed that while the media has been publicizing the country's slow economic growth which has come down to 5.5%, India has achieved a lot in the past years, making it one of the countries to reckon with. While enumerating on roadblocks India has to negotiate, the governor stressed the that the economy has to be opened up further without disturbing the equilibrium. He also reminded that the country need to focus on agriculture, finance, infrastructure development and energy deficit.Food security is also an important issue, he said, adding that the centre is wrestling with it since the costs involved in food subsidy are huge. Incidentally, the debate on FDI in retail has also delved into whether food brands from outside should be allowed into the Indian market.Narayanan reminded that while India's remarkable foreign policy has been able to deftly deal with China and Pakistan, its internal threats are from Left wing extremism and internal militancy as in Jammu and Kashmir. \"Maoism is fuelled by a sense of idealism and perceptions of deprivations but the underlying rhetoric is that of violence and the Maoists possess a fairly elaborate military machine and structure,\" the governor said.The civil aviation minister, Ajit Singh reminded the IIT family that higher education in the country needed a quantum leap. \"There is no denying the knowledge gap between us and the top institutes of the world and this can be bridged only with the help of research and development. R&D; needs a boost in our country and we are certainly not doing enough,\" said Singh, himself an IIT-Kharagpur alumnus.He urged the Pan IIT alumni that it was pay back time and they should now help their alma maters into excellence.In the same tone, ITC chairman Yogi Deveshwar said, that India depends a lot on foreign brands.\"We should try to overcome this and build our own brands. For this we need better R&D; and intellectual capital,\" he said. adding that real growth will happen only if Indian businesses become more competitive.Lord Kumar Bhattacharya, an alumnus of IIT Kharagpur and founder of the Warwick Manufacturing Group, UK, iterated this point and said despite the \"Made in India\" tags, a large number of Indian products were not made by India.\"India does not even come close to China when it comes to growth and development. Recently, when Jaguar wanted to start production there, China ensured rolling out of the first car in six months!\" said this alumnus of IIT Kharagpur and the founder of the Warwick Manufacturing Group, UK. \"Bengal has natural resources and manpower but does not have the hunger for common good,\" he said.US ambassador to India, Nancy Powell, however, reminded the audience that India has come a long way and is looked upon with great seriousness by the world. A lot of US aid and collaboration focuses on education and IIT Kanpur is a case in point.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527459", "title": "Diplomatic fireworks lit up skyline at India Gate", "text": "NEW DELHI: A typical winter evening at India Gate turned magical on Friday, with a spectacular fireworks and projection show. Hundreds gathered at the sprawling lawns to witness the show, which was originally scheduled for December 1. The wait, many said, was worth it.India Gate has long been a monument to our history, but on Friday the sandstone and granite structure became a canvas for our collective culture. At nine on the dot, images showcasing Indian and Japanese cultures projected on the structure \u00e2\u20ac\u201d scenes of snowcapped mountains, flowering fields, river banks, lush greens, and peacock feathers, and those depicting festivals like Eid, Holi, and Diwali among others \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as the show marked the grand finale of the 60th anniversary of Japan-India diplomatic relations.The projections lasted for about ten minutes, and the final image screened on the India Gate showed intertwining flags of both countries.Perhaps a testament to integration of cultures was the punctuality of the show. Those who walked in late, left disappointed as they missed almost all of the approximately 22-minute show.Sounds of wonder resonated through the crowd as they watched the projections on the monument, taking pictures every time the India Gate changed colours. A dazzling display of fireworks - about 2,200, at a height of about 400 feet - immediately followed the projections, painting the night sky with brilliant lights. People watched with awe in their eyes and cups of hot tea in their hands, as the crackers lit up like a million different stars. The sparking lights faded away within a few seconds, only to be replaced by bigger and brighter ones.Thunderous applause and loud whistles and cheers resounded as the fireworks ended, and children, even some adults, left wanting for more. \"I was hoping they would restart the entire show once it ended,\" said Akhil Sawhney, 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17530644", "title": "Aditya Chopra puts Shaad Ali\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s project on hold", "text": "The super-gifted Saathiya director Shaad Ali who is ready to resume his interrupted directorial career after Bunty Aur Babli and the fiasco Jhoom Baraabar Jhoom would have to wait a little longer. Aditya Chopra has explicitly told Shaad that his film would have to wait until next year.Says a source, \"Shaad now has to deal with two levels of postponement. On one end, Adi won't take the project further until next year. On the other end, Shaad's leading man Ranveer Singh is currently working with Sanjay Leela Bhansali (SLB) who won't part with his leading man's dates until Ram Leela is complete. Shaad had hoped to utilize the breaks in SLB's shooting to start his film.That doesn't seem possible.\"Shaad seems resigned to further delay. \"It's okay. I've not directed a film for four years. What's a few month more?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17527155", "title": "S Korea keen to invest in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: Viewing the success of the Japanese cluster at Neemrana, South Korea too has shown its interest in setting up an exclusive manufacturing zone in the state.A delegation led by Kyung Yool Kim, director general of the South Korean Trade Promotion Agency (Kotra), met Rajasthan State Industrial Development Corp (RIICO) officials on Friday. During their interaction, principal secretary for industries Sunil Arora informed the Korean officials that around 30 Japanese companies had already established operations at the Neemrana zone, which is spread over more than 1,000 acre.The RIICO officials explained the benefits which were available to investors as per the industrial policy of the state. They also showed interest in providing land for the Korean firms in Rajasthan. During the meeting, it was also decided that South Korea will host state government officials who will make a presentation to companies about the opportunities available in the Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531340", "title": "What inspired Drew Barrymore to name her baby Olive?", "text": "Drew Barrymore chose her daughter's name when she was the \"size of an olive\".The 37-year-old actress and husband Will Kopelman welcomed their first child into the world in September.The 50 First Dates star has now revealed she was inspired to pick the moniker when she was in the early stage of her pregnancy.\"I never would have guessed that would have been the name,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying on The Ellen DeGeneres Show.\"But I was reading a book with my husband. I was three months pregnant and they said your baby is the size of an olive, and that was it. We never looked back.\"Ellen then joked: \"It could have been the size of a peanut or a grapefruit.\"Drew replied: \"It could have been. It was a lot fruit and vegetables.\"She explained that once she and Will had decided, they wouldn't budge from their name of choice.\"We were shopping a few [names] as all people do who are so blessed to get to do this. And then once the light was shed, there was just no turning back,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17526370", "title": "You can't see accidents coming", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Most of us drive blind on busy city thoroughfares. Before you can ridicule this fact, a look at a recent study carried out by road safety experts can be quite enlightening. The study highlights a dangerous truth - there are more blind spots on city roads than desirable.You have encountered these blind spots while driving down any city road. When you have to brake suddenly to avoid hitting another vehicle or a pedestrian suddenly zooming into the main thoroughfare from a by-lane, that is when you have encountered a blind spot. Then there are other examples too - like your line of sight being blocked by shrubs or plants on road dividers.Road safety experts say - blind spots are obstacles that do not allow the driver to see vehicles approaching from the opposite direction. According to them, such blind spots on city roads turn into accident prone zones. In a recent study by a city-based organization, the road safety experts found such spots aplenty on city roads.Amit Khatri, a road safety trainer and member of U-Turn Foundation, told TOI that the spots are primarily of two types - made by faulty road engineering or by habits cultivated by commuters for long. \"Many spots coincide with the places where number of accidents is high. The reason is obvious - when you don't know what to expect, you cannot take a decision even at the last minute. Most of the spots have minor accidents taking place everyday,\" he said.Giving an example, he said that many spots on SG Road can be termed 'blind.' \"Take an example of Sola flyover. A bus stand welcomes you at the descent. The vehicle coming from the flyover cannot see the vehicle coming from below it. Thus, when the traffic merges, it is the latter who has to be careful. Similarly, foliage near Thaltej makes it difficult for the vehicles crossing the road to see what is coming from the opposite direction,\" he said.More such examples can be found at the juncture of society lanes merging with the main road, railway junctions, badly-parked vehicles around the crossroads and intersection of roads with big installations in the middle, making it difficult to see the other side of the road.To solve this issue, experts say the reflective mirrors that are installed in the parking areas of hotels and multiplexes can be set up at the under-bridges. These mirrors help see vehicles approaching from the other side. \"Foliage or plantation on the divider should be trimmed at regular intervals. Stretches such as Ashram Road have it as a persistent issue, often putting pedestrians at risk. Most importantly, with growing traffic, the civic authorities and traffic branch must work on the road engineering. The barricades at various spots often prevent citizens' vision and adding to the plight is that most riders tend to speed up in the night. In such scenarios, the spots can turn fatal,\" said a U-Turn official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17526654", "title": "College committee finds only one died in drug trials", "text": "BHOPAL: In what appears to be yet another cover-up, a self-styled committee formed by the MGM Medical College, Indore to probe the adverse impact of drug trials on patients, has come up with a bizarre report that only one patient's death is directly associated with the drug trials.The committee claimed that some of the patients had discontinued the trials, i.e. their deaths cannot be attributed to the trials.This report contradicts the finding of state economic offences wing (EOW) that had claimed more than 32 deaths following drug trials by doctors associated with the MGM medical college.The ethics committee of MGM Medical college had convened the probe committee - in response to an Assembly question by MLA Paras Saklecha - to adjudicate all the deaths and serious adverse events (SAEs) reported by various clinical trial investigators.Interestingly, Dr Salil Bhargav, who himself is under scanner for alleged unethical drug trials, was included as a member of the committee, said sources.The drug trial, in which a patient died, was conducted by Dr Anil Bharani, as a principal investigator, the adjudicating committee reported. It was a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled, parallel group study to access the effects of intravenous BG 9928 on body weight in subjects with acute decompensated heart failure and renal insufficiency, as per official records.The deceased was identified as Chandrakala Bai, 35, a dalit woman from Indore. Sources claim, her family members had been trying to collect copy of her consent form from Dr Bharani, through ethics committee (EC), but to no avail.EC formed a three-member team on November 16, 2012 to investigate the case, which summoned victim's family with an affidavit, said sources.Whistle-blower Dr Anand Rai has raised serious question on credibility of this committee. This is an eye-wash and an effort to harass the victim's family. \"The doctor who conducted the trials is at ease, and the one who suffered it is being troubled, it's not justice,\"Notably, the case of Chandra Kala Bai is also being taken up over by an international law firm. A senior barrister from UK-based Leigh Day &amp; Co, a specialist claimant personal injury law firm, will reach Indore on December 14 to collect more details about the case. The same case is also being probed by the national commission for schedule cast. The commission had asked the chairman of ethics committee to submit a report on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17528108", "title": "Farmer groups begin to sell veggies directly to customers", "text": "PUNE: Farmers' group Krushak Ashram, on Friday, formerly launched their initiative to directly sell fresh vegetables to consumers in the city. The initiative was running on a pilot basis for the past one year but was formally launched in the presence of Sudhir Kumar Goyal, additional chief secretary, government of Maharashtra.The farmer groups are currently supplying close to one tonne fresh vegetables to the city every alternate day. A mobile van has been bought by the farmers to supply vegetables to housing societies. So far six societies are buying vegetables from the groups.The National Horticulture Mission has launched the project wherein farmer groups are encouraged to cultivate quality vegetables and supply them directly to customers, bypassing the wholesale market and the middlemen.On Friday, Goyal visited the temporary vegetable outlet in Mukundnagar and also at Salunke Vihar. Close to 500 kg vegetables were sold in the area. Farmers from other places also visited the outlets to see how the vegetables were marketed. \"This initiative has to be sustainable and we want more such farmers groups to start operations in other parts of the city as well,\" Goyal said after the official launch of the initiative.\"Targeting big housing societies is beneficial for such groups as large number of customers can be catered to at one location,\" he added. A group of farmers from Wai has joined the initiative and started the Krushak Ashram.The conventional vegetable supply system includes farmers supplying unsorted vegetables to wholesale market, the vegetables reaching customers through retailers. But the Krushak Ashram has started growing vegetables using modern technology and limited use of pesticides. Most of the fertilizers used by farmers are organic - especially cow dung - and only a small dose of pesticides is used if required, said Vijay Mudaliyar, who coordinates between farmers and housing societies.Once these 'low residue vegetables' are harvested, they reach the outlets within four hours. The wholesale market route needs minimum 24 hours to take the vegetables from farms to retailers, said Bhau Bhosale, a farmer from Sakharwadi, Phaltan tehsil, who is part of the Krushak Ashram initiative. Bhosale added, \"When I was supplying tomato to the wholesale market, my net profit was Rs 2 per kg. Many a times, I used to earn nothing because of the lower rates. I joined the Krushak Ashram a year ago, and now my net profit is Rs 7 per kg and there is hardly any price fluctuation. Now, I can afford to buy modern equipment and spend more money on the family as well.\"Mudaliyar said, \"We need at least 4.5 acre land for production of one tonne vegetable. We have farmers' groups from Wai, Phaltan and other parts of Satara district in the initiative. We decide which group will cultivate which vegetable depending on the water availability, soil condition and local climatic variations. This will ensure supply of most of the vegetables that are in demand in urban areas. With more farmers joining this initiative, more housing societies and townships can be covered.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17526310", "title": "State govt opposes Setalvad's petition", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government on Friday told the Gujarat high court that the petition filed by social activist Teesta Setalvad contesting a court inquiry against her is not maintainable. The inquiry was being conducted after a defamation complaint by her former aide Rais KhanThe government responded to Setalvad's allegations that Gujarat police conducted preliminary inquiry in a biased manner. She also alleged that the investigating officer Parixita Gurjar worked in collusion with Khan. There is a nexus between Gujarat government and Khan, she claimed, adding that both of them are desperately trying to put her behind bars.The state government's reply rubbished allegations leveled by Setalvad and claimed that she had not even cooperated during investigation. The high court has now kept hearing on this issue later this month.The social activist has demanded quashing of ongoing investigation and the court order. She has also categorically stated that she did not oppose the defamation complaint, since it is baseless and the court itself would junk it.Setalvad has also accused Khan of \"forum shopping\" to malign her image by approaching eight different forums since they fell apart. She has cited Khan's antecedents in form his filing applications in SIT courts and trying to damage prosecution's case.Meanwhile, the inquiry conducted by the IPS officer resulted in her submitting a report before the magisterial court saying that the allegations of defamation leveled by Khan were well-founded against Setalvad and two others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17529099", "title": "Denied TV remote, girl hangs self", "text": "Hyderabad: The fight for control of a TV remote between two sisters ended in a tragedy for a family when the older sibling who lost the battle hanged herself. Although the parents realised that something was amiss and rushed the 18-year-old daughter to the hospital when they found some life in her, the girl breathed her last later in the day .The incident happened at the house of Javed Ali in Hafeez Baba Nagar falling under Kanchanbagh police limits on Thursday . Ali works in a cloth store in Old City. Due to the bandh in the area on the occasion of the Babri Masjid demolition anniversary, his two daughters Arshia Parveen, a first-year intermediate student at Government Junior College at Malakpet, and Ameena Parveen, 14, class 9 student in a local school, were forced to remain at home.The fight started between the siblings at around 11 am when Ameena was watching the TV and much to the chagrin of her older sister Arshia, was just surfing the channels. This resulted in a verbal duel between them followed by physical attempts to grab the TV remote. At this juncture , the parents intervened and sided with Ameena. \"The parents took the side of Ameena and asked Arshia to stop quarrelling and let her younger sibling watch TV in peace,\" Kanchanbagh sub-Inspector Malla Reddy told TOI.An angry and frustrated Arshia rushed to another room and bolted the door from inside. Suspecting something foul, the parents broke open the door only to find their daughter hanging from the ceiling. When they still found some life in her, they rushed her to the Owaisi Hospital where she breathed her last at around 7.30 pm on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531217", "title": "It's 25 for Ali Azmat musical journey", "text": "Pakistani rock icon Ali Azmat is celebrating 25 years of his musical journey and the celebration turned out to be more special with his two months old baby girl Ella attending his recent show in Dubai for the first time.Ali Azmat excitedly says, \"\"This year has been very lucky for me I have been blessed with a baby girl and also I shall be completing 25 years of my singing career.I'm 42 now, but still I feel I'm 26 years old. Kaise waqt beet gaa pata hi nai chala... Bas woh junoon hi tha mujhme jis ke liye main is makaam tak pahuch saka.\"\"Any special celebration for completing 25 years of singing career? and Ali continues, \"\"Not as such, but its surely a beautiful feeling. I sincerely owe my success to all my fans for their constant support love and effection. It has been a long journey and faced lots of ups and down but have never given up. This year has been very busy touring all across the world, this year I have done over 50 shows almost.\"\"Ali who married his long-time girlfriend in September last year came as a surprise to his female fans who had presumed that the rockstar would never settle. Alis wife Fariha who has worked as a television producer shares with us, \"\"I have known Ali for a long time and we finally decided to get married. And now with the baby in our life , life has suddenly changed for both of us. Ella has kept me more busy then I used to be while working at the production house. I just want to enjoy the motherhood at the moment.\"\" Adding to her comments, Ali says, \"\" Its for the first time that my daughter Ella is here with us for the show at Dubai. This is her first experience to watch me perform live. She is only two months old aur bahut choti hain abh music ki itni samaj nahi ain .. haan lekin she smiles when she hears me singing before her.\"\" \"\"Unfortunately Ella was comfortbaly sleeping in her pram with her mother by her side at the backstage while I was performing on the stage. Bahut hi hairani ki baat hain itni shor main woh kaafi peacefully so rahi i thi,\"\"and Ali laughs.Any plans to visit India and Ali sounds low, \"\"Pata nahi, bahut man hain India aau aur perform karu waapis se , woh ekh sapna hi rah gaya hain abh..visa ka masla hain. Its been dificult to get a visa for India. I have really enjoyed performing before the Indian audience and wish I can do that again.\"\" Recently Ali Azmat Bollywood song from the movie Jism 2 became a huge hit. Ali tells, \"\" I was happy to note that the song became an instant hit not only in India but also in Pakistan and other places. Today wherever I perform pucca logon ko yeh gaane sunna hain...aur bahut khushi ki baat hain ki logon ko pasand aaya.\"\"In the past, we have seen few Pakistani singers like Aif Aslam and Ali Zafar who have made acting debut in movies. Interestingly, this year, Ali Azmat is also set to make his acting debut in Bilal Lashari movie Waar' along with model turned singer Meesha Shafi and 'Pakistans leading actor Shaan Shaid. Ali adds,\"\"I'm all excited about my acting debut and it was not planned but just happened.\"\" \"\"Frankly, I love comedy and sometimes I think i'm a better comedian than a singer. I always try to connect with the audience more with my humour than my song during most of my shows,\"\" he jokingly winds up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17528763", "title": "Cloud over litigant led V S Achuthanandan to blame section in party", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: An inquiry into the whereabouts of Gijo Mathew, the person who approached the high court division bench seeking a CBI inquiry into the land allocation case against V S Achuthanandan, is learnt to have led to the veteran leader's comments pointing fingers against a section of the CPM leadership.Sources close to Achuthanandan told TOI that their inquiry proved that Mathew was a 24-year-old in Kakkanad and was acting as a benami litigant. It was on December 4 that Mathew approached the HC bench with a petition seeking CBI probe. \"He was not a familiar name in the litigation circles. Hence, we probed his routes. There is every chance that he was acting at the behest of someone,\" said a source close to Achuthanandan. \"The petition was orchestrated as a plan B in case the HC quashes the FIR,\" he said.A few of Achuthanandan's aides have gone beyond that point and tried to find out the players who were acting behind the curtain. It is reliably learnt that they received vital information linking the operation to the office of a senior lawyer who is equally close to the Kannur lobby of the CPM and industries minister P K Kunhalikutty.It was based on this information that Achuthanandan first attacked Kunhalikutty and accused him of conspiring to frame him in the case. Later, he widened the realm of attack and included a section in the party under the cloud of doubt. Though Achuthanandan didn't name anyone, the leader under attack was politburo member Kodiyeri Balakrishnan, who is the number two in the CPM parliamentary party.Sources said Achuthanandan was also upset over the recent reports of CPM leadership extending an olive branch to Kerala Congress (M) with a view to sabotaging the UDF government once he relinquished the opposition leader post. \"The campaign was such that the only hindrance for the plan was Achuthanandan,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527374", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcAerial images of 2007 will establish if colony existed\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: After protesting the hike in power tariffs, Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal on Friday trained his guns on chief minister Sheila Dikshit over demolition of dwellings in the Abul Fazal Enclave area of Okhla. The local MLA and affected families alleged that these form part of an unauthorized colony to be regularized as part of the state's plan for 1,639 colonies, thus violating the very policy of regularization.The daylong protest, followed by a meeting at the office of lieutenant governor Tejendra Khanna, ended with the Delhi government minister in-charge of revenue and urban development departments directing officials to deliver a report on an inquiry ordered into the matter by December 15.With Kejriwal leading the protests against the demolitions, now both revenue and urban development departments have been asked to take into consideration aerial survey maps of 2007 to establish if the officials in-charge jumped the gun and demolished a part of an unauthorized colony either regularized or awaiting regularization.On Friday, Kejriwal protested outside the CM's residence and then met the lieutenant governor's OSD Ranjan Mukherjee. While Dikshit maintained her distance, minister Arvinder Singh Lovely, in-charge of both revenue and urban development portfolios, said aerial images of 2007 will establish whether any structures existed there or not.\"The revenue department says the demolition has been carried out within guidelines and the dwellings demolished have not been approved for regularization. These according to the deputy commissioner are encroachments,\" Lovely told TOI.Delhi divisional commissioner and revenue secretary Dharampal said that demolition was carried out as per high court orders wherein DDA land acquired for development work in 1993 had to be freed of encroachments. \"We have supportive data to prove this. A survey of 2010 submitted by us to the Supreme Court monitoring committee states that there was no construction on the land,\" Dharampal said.Kejriwal said that the meeting at the LG House has made evident that this colony is part of the list of 1,639 that have to be regularized, but it appears that the revenue department faltered and took action without verifying the details. \"The area MLA has replies to questions tabled in a Delhi assembly session which prove that the colony meets the regularization criteria,\" Kejriwal added.Officials said the demolition was carried out as per high court orders wherein DDA land had to be freed of encroachments", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17527470", "title": "Online appointment process of primary teachers begins", "text": "LUCKNOW: Complying with the orders of the high court, the state basic education department on Friday published an advertisement inviting online applications for the recruitment of teachers in primary schools. The recruitment process began after the state government on Tuesday approved the amendment in the UP Basic Education (Teachers) Service Rules, 1981 after which a provision for temporary appointment can be done in primary schools. Coincidentally, the high court has also set December 7 as the deadline for publishing the advertisement.A candidate holding a Bachelor of Education (BEd) degree and have qualified Central Teacher Eligibility Test (CTET), conducted by CBSE, or UP TET (held in November 2011) can apply for the job. The last date for registering online is December 31. According to the state government officials, the appointments of 72,825 teachers in primary schools will be completed by March 31.At present, there are 1.6 lakh posts lying vacant in primary schools, while in junior high schools, the number of vacant posts extends up to 2,57,939. In Lucknow region alone, there are 17,102 posts lying vacant. But only 12 appointments are to be made this time. Gonda division which has four districts - Gonda, Balrampur, Bahraich and Shravasti will see 4,000; 1,800; 4,000 and 1,200 appointments respectively. As many as 3,300 teachers will be appointed in the Moradabad division, which consists of five districts while 1,474 teachers will be appointed in Kanpur division having six districts.The state government on November 2011 had published an advertisement for recruitments of teachers in primary schools, but the process was brought to ground zero after gross anomalies in TET came to light. In fact, name of the then secondary education director Sanjay Mohan surfaced in duping the candidates by promising them job. The matter was put to hold. With the change of guard in UP, it was first decided to cancel the TET 2011 and conduct a fresh test. After protests from the TET qualified candidates, the state government declared TET as a qualifying exam for recruitments in primary schools.In order to speed up the recruitments, education officials came up with a temporary solution, which required amendment in UP Basic Education (Teachers) Service Rules, 1981. As per the changes, a candidate holding a BEd degree and has qualified CTET/UPTET can be appointed as a trainee teacher in primary schools. After the appointment, the candidate will be provided six months training following which they will be given substantive appointment. Education officials believed that this way permanent appointment will be made.Notably, appointments in primary schools in UP have not taken place since the past four years. Prior to this, any candidate who had a BEd degree and special BTC (Basic Teacher Certificate), a six months training process was appointed as a teacher in the basic schools. However, before Mayawati came to power in 2006, two-year BTC was the criteria for appointment of teachers in primary schools. Due to a lot of fraudulent practices and to speed up recruitment process, a temporary way was sorted out. After this, BEd degree holders having special BTC were appointed primary teachers.With the introduction of coming in of Right to Education Act ( RTE), 2009 which though came into effect in April 2010, it was decided that no untrained teacher will be appointed in primary and junior high schools across the country and also an authorised institution will have to set the qualification for the appointments. The Centre then chose National Council for Teachers' Education (NCTE) as a body to define minimum eligibility level, which paved way for TET.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17526088", "title": "Seba gets new secretary", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state government on Thursday appointed senior administrative officer of Rashtriya Madhyamik Siksha Abhiyan Dayaram Rajbonshi as the new secretary of Secondary Education Board of Assam (Seba).SEBA chairman Shantikam Hazarika said, \"Basanta Das worked as Seba secretary for about nine months besides holding dual charge as additional director of elementary education. As he was holding two posts, the government has taken this decision.\"Commenting on the allegation levelled by All Assam Students' Union (AASU) regarding delay in issuing admit cards to students, Hazarika said, \" The education minister has instructed to give admit cards to students three months before the HSLC exam. We were supposed to give admit cards by the end of November. But due to the delay in filling up examination forms, issuing of admit cards also got delayed. From next week, we will start issuing admit cards.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17529026", "title": "The idea of India brings a couple together on a rollercoaster literature quest", "text": "MUMBAI: In what was touted as a 'historical first' , Katherine Boo and Sunil Khilnani\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe couple who've each written a powerful book on the sum and part of India\u00e2\u20ac\u201dput in a joint appearance at the session titled 'The Personal and The Geopolitical' , moderated by Jonathan Shainin, senior editor at Caravan. \"We met 11 years ago at a dinner party,\" recounted Khilnani to a packed house.Over that meal Boo and Khilnani talked about common interests in music and literature, about their professions, and Khilnani said he was relieved to hear Boo answer in the negative to his question whether she wrote about her subjects\u00e2\u20ac\u201dpoverty and low-income communitieswith sentimentality. Something else they discussed was the dearth of serious non-fiction writing on India, and both agreed it was a subject that deserved greater attention. Khilnani later helped build that canon with his book The Idea of India, and Boo contributed to it soon after with Behind The Beautiful Forevers, her reportage on life in a Mumbai slum.To Shainin's question on how each one's work spoke to the other, Khilnani said he had never before seen anyone work like Katherine did. \"When writing about low-income communities, she'd disappear for months on end to research and report, and she'd telephone me from distant places like Louisiana and give me updates on her work,\" he said. \"I assumed this was how journalists reported in America.\" Boo revealed that she did not have a cell phone when she first met Khilnani. \"He convinced me to get one,\" she said. \"I'd call and tell him about the people I was meeting and why I was meeting them, and he got it.\" Over time her husband, whom she married at a registrar's office in London, grew to understand her work though it was leagues away from his own professional territory as a political researcher who spent considerable time in library archives.Where Khilnani looked at the idea' of India, his wife looked at the practice of it\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe particular scenario of living as a disenfranchised Indian. \"Our lives were reversed for five years, and it was a difficult and strange thing to live through,\" said Khilnani, speaking of the time he was stationed in Washington and Boo lived in Mumbai, researching her book. It was stranger still for him to visit Annawadi, the slum at the heart of Boo's book, and be looked upon as the outsider while his American wife was greeted familiarly . \"They'd look at him suspiciously , and when I'd say, it's okay, he's with me, he's my husband, they'd become even more suspicious ,\" Boo chuckled.Both writers felt there was scope and, indeed, a need for both kinds of inquiry into India\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe dialectical and the empirical. Khilnani proposed that one needed to develop a richer understanding of the country's moral dilemmas and also its policy choices , to which Boo added that the more transparent society was, the more honest it would become. And what works for the political presumably works for the personal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531061", "title": "'Shivani' audio launched", "text": "The audio launch of actor Nithin Sathya's next film, a Tamil - Telugu bilingual 'Shivani' was held at Sathyam Cinemas, Chennai on Dec 7. The event was attended by director AR Murugadoss, SJ Suryah, Bharath, Vivek, SA Chandrasekar, Vetrimaran and others.The film deals with the enigma of ghosts and the trailer of the horror film was shown along with a promo song and a duet between the lead pair Chandru and Kavya Shetty, both new faces. The promo song had many actors dancing to the voice of Gana Ulaganathan who had sung in English for the first time.The film is directed by new debutante Sai Gokul with music by two music directors from Kerala called Sridhar and Sachin with camera work by Laxman. Sony Music had bought the musical rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17526636", "title": "Uproar over Waqf property encroachment", "text": "BHOPAL: Uproar broke out in the state Assembly on Friday afternoon over a call attention motion regarding the alleged encroachment of Wakf Board property by a Congress MLA. The call attention was initiated by BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh who alleged that a people's representative had illegally encroached upon the Wakf property at Sarai Sikandari in the Laxmi Talkies area.Reacting sharply, Congress MLA Arif Aqueel repeatedly alleged that Dhruv was targeting him personally for his statements against him in the sensational RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case. Dhruv Narayan Singh was a close friend of the deceased activist who was shot dead in front of her residence in August 2011.Reading out his call attention in the House during zero hour, Dhruv Narayan Singh said that the property at Sarai Sikandari is on a sprawling 24,450 square feet plot of land which is registered with the Wakf Board and thus notified by the Madhya Pradesh government on January 10, 1958. Though it is presently under the management of the Auqaf-e-Aamma, about 1,800 square feet land has been encroached upon by a local elected people's representative for years. The Aukaf-e-Aamma that probed the issue following a letter by the Bhopal district collector on December 23, 2009, clarified that the property had been encroached upon.The local elected leader had encroached upon the property misusing his official powers and inspite of several complaints to the district administration, no action has been taken against him till date. This encroachment has resulted in resentment among the local population.As Dhruv Narayan read out his call attention, the Congress was visibly disturbed. Arif Aqueel claimed he was a tenant and had paid rent in advance for the property till 2014. This is personal vendetta because I raised the Shehla Masood murder case,''Aqueel said.The Congress, thereafter, raised an accusing finger at Speaker Ishwardas Rohani. The Congress and Arif Aqueel alleged that the Speaker was biased as he permitted the call attention against him for discussion in the assembly. A peeved deputy leader of ppposition Rakesh Singh Chaturvedi accused that there were similar cases of encroachment against Speaker Rohani in Jabalpur.This allegation by Rakesh Singh outraged the Speaker and the House broke into accusations and counter-accusations. Speaker Rohani challenged the Congress to go to Jabalpur and get an inquiry done against him on the truth of the allegation. The Speaker even told the Congress: \"You people think only you are the custodians of intelligent analysis.''Minister for legislative affairs, Narottam Mishra, said a high-level inquiry will be ordered to investigate the Sarai Sikandari Wakf property encroachment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527717", "title": "123 go: FDI vote gives UPA the reforms edge", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eventually, it turned out to be a stroll rather than the tough climb it was billed to be. The Congress humbled the opposition in the vote on allowing FDI in retail in the Rajya Sabha by a convincing margin of 21 votes: a scoreline which was facilitated by desertions from the opposition ranks and support from all but one of the Independents.The victory \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 123 votes for FDI to 102 against \u00e2\u20ac\u201dis likely to be a spur for the government to seek the passage of more reforms legislations. \"Certainly, we are going to bring in more legislation in the coming weeks in Parliament (financial bills) and we will be engaging all political parties on it,\" parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath told reporters after the Rajya Sabha vote.SP, BSP bail out government againThe debate for FDI in retail in Rajya Sabha carried the trademark stamp of the Congress's fabled \"management\" skills. V Maitreyan of the AIADMK, who initiated the debate, called the 123-102 scoreline a victory of Kamal Nath, the parliamentary affairs minister, and the House, otherwise deeply divided, agreed.The floor management saw three of the five TDP members abstaining, along with two belonging to the NDA \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Shiv Sena's R K Dhoot and Jharkhand Mukti Morcha's Sanjeev Kumar. The Congress also got Upendra Kushwaha, a JD(U) rebel who risks losing his membership under the Anti-Defection Act, to vote for the government.The Samajwadi Party and the BSP, bitter rivals in UP, were again united in bailing out the government, disregarding their anti-Congress posture. Fifteen members of the BSP, which is keen to avoid Lok Sabha polls, voted against the opposition, while those belonging to the SP, which would not wish Mayawati to be the government's principal rescuer, walked out in time to facilitate the government's task.The Congress also bagged the support of all Independents in the House, excepting A V Swamy. Vijay Mallya, Rajeev Chandrasekhar, Mukesh Ambani's aide Parimal Nathwani, Mohammad Adeeb, Ahmad Saeed Malihabadi and SP rebel Amar Singh all went the same way.Such was the Congress's confidence that minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajeev Shukla sought a recount when the electronic scoreboard showed that the government had eked out a narrow victory with 123-109 margin. The slim gap suggested that the government would have lost had the BSP not voted for it. The revised tally validated Shukla's confidence. \"This shows that we would have won even without BSP's vote,\" a triumphant Shukla said, proclaiming the result as reflecting the yearning for stability and faster economic reforms.The presence of Mallya, who NDA assumed would stay abroad, and the preference of Chandrasekhar, whom the BJP had banked upon, was a tribute to the painstaking work the Congress put in to escape what had threatened to be a big political embarrassment. There was a strong element of intrigue about the absence of three TDP members, with political circles wondering whether senior party leader Devender Goud and leader of the party in the House Y S Chowdary, along with Sudharani Gundu, acted without a wink from party leader N Chandrababu Naidu.Congress sources denied, although not very convincingly, efforts made by Kamal Nath to play on the pro-reforms instincts of Naidu who has diverse business interests.Stressing that more members had criticized FDI and, therefore, the outcome could not be called an endorsement of government's policy to let in foreign retailers, Maitreyan said, \"It is not commerce minister Anand Sharma but parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath who has won. If the government wins it is going to be the victory of management and not the policy because the majority of speakers in the House have opposed the policy.\"He also said the policy would be reversed after Congress's loss in the next Lok Sabha election. Former minister Ambika Soni rubbished the assertion. \"Let the nine-member party first get the numbers to form the government,\" she said.Nath had on Wednesday impressed upon Mayawati that government's defeat in Rajya Sabha would set in motion a trend leading to Lok Sabha elections at a time when the BSP is still trying to recover from the drubbing in the UP assembly polls.Although BSP's switch to the government camp had settled the issue on Thursday itself, Congress left nothing to chance with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , according to Congress sources, himself working the phone.NCP's Janardan Waghmare, who is bed-ridden because of a fractured bone and had been counted out, was brought in on a stretcher and voted for the government from the lobby. Another ailing member, Congress's N Janardhana Reddy , arrived on a wheel chair, helped by special arrangements put in place by Andhra Pradesh chief minister Kiran Reddy at Nath's behest.Actrees Rekha, along with other Independent members, turned up to cast what leader of opposition Arun Jaitley had on Thursday called \"thanksgiving vote\".In all, 10 members skipped the vote for various reasons. They include cricketer Sachin Tendulkar, JD(U)'s Vashista Narain Singh, BJD discard Pyari Mohan Mahapatra, Congress's ailing member Murli Deora and Lalhming Liana of Mizo National Front.Earlier, while replying to the debate on FDI in multi-brand retail, commerce minister Sharma maintained that the move was essential for the country's growth and rejected the opposition's contention that it would hurt small retailers and farmers and harm the manufacturing sector.Sharma accused the opposition of creating a scare over the issue and rejected Jaitley's contention that the measure would lead to India becoming a nation of sales boys and sales girls. \"You have scared foreign investors who want to visit India,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17527279", "title": "How 200 'Jhansi ki Ranian' tamed Chengiz Khan", "text": "VADODARA: Pakistan's military operation of carrying out pre-emptive strikes on Indian airbases in December 1971 war was code-named 'Chengiz Khan'. But it was thanks to the now unsung and forgotten \"200 Jhansi ki Ranian\" in the small desert township of Bhuj that the Indian armed forces in this sector could measure up to this 'Chengiz Khan'.Bhuj was then a forward area air base on the western border meant only to be used during active war. The attacks began on December 3 and by 9, a total of 136 bombs had been dropped on to the airfield, out of which nearly 64 bombs landed on a single night, i.e., the intervening night of December 8 and 9, reducing the runway to a rubble.Unnerved by the constant bombing, while the town people, including the entire manual workforce fled Bhuj, about 200 women folk from affluent and NRI rich village of Madhapar came to Indian Air Force's aid.\"When the people were fleeing, the then district collector N Gopalaswami, who later headed the Election Commission, hopped on to a motorcycle, announcing on a megaphone that people should not panic, but the exodus wouldn't stop,\" recalls then commanding officer of Bhuj Airbase Wg Cdr (retd) Vijay Karnik, who settled down in Vadodara after his retirement in 1992.Karnik was a squadron leader then. A day before the bombing, he had been asked to keep the runway ready to receive a squadron of fighter planes from Punjab. Since Jamnagar had started bombing Karachi port and fuel dumps, Indian military was expecting retaliation on the western borders and wanted to use Bhuj actively. But with this airfield gone, and the labour force abandoning town, the task looked impossible, until his friend, the sarpanch from the affluent Madhapur village called up. \"Behnon ko le ke aaun?\" he asked.Soon 200 women arrived at the airfield. \"They brought their own food while we had the construction material ready. After a short briefing on how to protect themselves during an air raid, they started work,\" Karnik recalled, adding he had managed a combat air patrol to keep the skies safe during the repair work. Karnik's wife, Usha remembers how the brightly attired women sang while they passed on 'taslas' (metal containers) full of stones and concrete. They finished repairs in two days and after another two days of sweeping the airstrip clean, the runway was declared operational.Three days later, the ceasefire was declared. In December-end, the then prime minister Indira Gandhi arrived in town. Indira made sure she met the women at the Circuit House. She then declared at a public meeting in Jubilee Baug, \"Pehle hamare paas ek Jhansi ki Rani thi, aaj hamare paas yeh 200 Jhansi ki ranian hain\".Riches had not spoilt the womenMadhapar village, which was recently in the limelight for the distinction of having Rs 2,000 crore worth of deposits in its local banks, was very affluent even in 1971. Every household had at least one NRI member to send remittances back home.\"The village boasted of a fridge in every house and you could even see Mercedes and other cars in the houses. But, despite the affluence, they had an unusual tradition of making the women do manual labour, often on the roadside, even though they were educated. Sarpanch's own wife and daughter would work on construction sites for at least two hours a day, while the former worked in the farm,\" recalls Wg Cdr Vijay Karnik.Last year, on the 40th anniversary, Karnik re-visited Bhuj to meet the brave women, but had to return disappointed. The Madhapar village is now a bustling town, which was rebuilt after the earthquake. I had heard that 50-odd women were still surviving, but nobody seems to know about them, even the district collectorate had no record. I made every effort to locate them during my four days' stay, but to no avail,\" says the officer, who remembers the women being honoured on every August 15 and January 26, besides the Air Force Day on October 8. \"Apparently, the practice was discontinued over the years. It would be an honour to meet any one of them again,\" Karnik says.The octogenarian is now heading the Vadodara War Veteran's Association and is also the head of Motor Sports Association of Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17528798", "title": "Months of toiling go in making trawlers", "text": "MANGALORE: After a visit to the fishing harbours in the city in the evening, the images that you take home with you are not just panoramic , but also spectacular- of traditional as well as mechanized fishing boats (trawlers) at anchor in the background of the setting sun.Those floating marvels that dance with ocean waves are results of months of dedication of a bunch of skilled workers who toil in about a dozen of trawler manufacturing companies in the city. Majority of the city trawlers that engage in deep sea fishing are made in these companies.They together manufacture a minimum of 100 trawlers in a year. They also do the repair and maintenance works of the boats.There are two types of trawlers- made of wood and steel. Most of the boats in the city are made of wood and covered with fiber. A few companies use thick non-corrosive steel plates for the body. These plates do not require additional coating.According to Francis Bayer , a senior boat maker, it takes about two and a half months to complete one mechanized fishing boat .\"We have a team of 10 expert workers. Our workshop has the capacity of manufacturing three trawlers at a time,\" said Francis, who has nearly 30 years of experience in the field.\"Our works call for utmost care and concentration as it involves cutting heavy metal sheets and shafts. Most of the employees are from other states like Kerala,\" he added.Thukaram Bangera, owner of Karthikeya Boat Builders and who has been working in the field for the past seven years said, \"I have sold several trawlers to fishermen in the state as well as Chennai. The manufacturing expense of one trawler is about Rs 60 lakh.\"The length of a trawler varies between 50 ft and 59 ft. A normal mechanized fishing boat will have the capacity to carry about 40 - 50 tonnes of fish.About 30 fishermen can sail in a trawler in the daily trip.The boat can accommodate five to 10 fishermen while going for deep sea fishing that last for 5 to 10 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "gaza", "code": "17528028", "title": "45 years on, Hamas chief visits Gaza", "text": "GAZA: Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal arrived in the Gaza Strip on Friday, ending 45 years of exile from Palestinian land with a visit that underscored the Islamist group's growing confidence following a recent conflict with Israel.After passing through the Egyptian border crossing, Meshaal knelt on the ground to offer a prayer of thanks and was then greeted by dozens of officials from an array of competing Palestinian factions lined up to meet him in warm December sun.The 56-year-old Meshaal left West Bank as a young boy in 1967 and, before Friday, had never set foot in GazaShortly after his arrival Meshaal said he hoped to become a \"a martyr\" in the Palestinian territory. \"I hope God will make me a martyr on the land of Palestine.\"Meshaal will attend a mass rally on Saturday that has been billed as both a commemoration of the 25th anniversary of the founding of Hamas and a \"victory\" celebration following the November fighting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17528065", "title": "Ind vs Eng: England 509/6 at stumps on Day 3, lead by 193 runs", "text": "KOLKATA: England tightened their grip on the third Test against India on Friday, finishing Day Three on 509/6 in reply to the home team's first innings tally of 316. With a sizeable 193-run lead under their belt and four wickets standing, England are in a position to call the shots in pursuit of a historic victory at the Eden Gardens, where they last won in 1976-77 under Tony Greig .Scorecard | Match in PicsThe four-pronged Indian attack struggled for the second successive day with England skipper Alastair Cook , Jonathan Trott and Kevin Pietersen dominating with the bat. Poor Indian fielding only helped England's cause as the visitors piled up 293 runs during the day's play, losing five wickets.After being put down on 17 by Cheteshwar Pujara on Day One, Cook benefitted again on Friday when Ishant Sharma dropped a dolly off his own bowling. The ball appeared to stop on Cook, who got a leading edge that popped up, but the pacer failed to latch on to it on his follow through. The English skipper was on 156 at that stage in his team's tally of 273 for one.The costly miss was followed by some sloppy ground fielding with Gautam Gambhir and Pujara being the offenders-in-chief. Skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni , too, continued to be tardy behind the stumps and conceded three boundaries by way of byes.Indian spinners, though, came up with a much-improved show on Friday, maintaining a better line and length that prevented the well-set Cook and Trott from getting off to a flying start. The morning session yielded 80 runs from 32 overs. England overhauled India's first-innings tally of 316 half an hour after the lunch break without losing any wicket on Friday.Left-arm spinner Pragyan Ojha finally broke the 173-run second-wicket stand when he got one to spin sharply and take the outside edge of Trott's blade and Dhoni held the catch.Cook's glorious knock ended under bizarre circumstances. Kevin Pietersen flicked one to square-leg where Virat Kohli picked it up neatly and hit the stumps at the non-striker's end. Cook, who was backing up, was in the process of grounding his bat when he pulled away at the last moment to avoid getting hit by the throw. After a brief consultation with Dhoni, the two on-field umpires ruled Cook out. Under the laws of the game, Cook would have survived had he grounded the bat behind the crease and then lifted it while taking evasive action.Cook's marathon 190, that came off 377 balls in 492 minutes, was the second-highest score by a foreign player at the Eden Gardens after West Indies great Rohan Kanhai's 256 in 1958.After Cook's departure, Pietersen took it upon himself to bolster the run-rate. He was particularly severe on Ojha, whom he lifted for a six and dispatched to the boundary thrice on either side of the tea break.Sharma, who bowled with a lot of heart late in the day, was rewarded with the wicket of Ian Bell , who nicked one to Dhoni while trying to drive on the off-side. Ravichandran Ashwin finally got a wicket in his 46th over when he had trapped the dangerous Pietersen in front of the stumps as the batsman failed to connect while trying to sweep.Samit Patel became Ojha's third victim when he got a thick edge while trying to cut one that turned away from him and Virender Sehwag completed the catch on his second attempt at first slip.India's hopes of restricting England's lead evaporated in the face of Matt Prior's belligerence. He raced to an unbeaten 40 off only 46 balls in the company of Graeme Swann (21*) as England crossed the 500-run mark for the first time this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17527180", "title": "Ambedkar memorial's adminbuilding to house NIA office", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after the Congress government of Maharashtra allotted a piece of prime land in Mumbai for the construction of a grand Ambedkar memorial, there are reports coming from reliable sources that the Samajwadi Party government in UP is all set to hand over the administrative building of the Ambedkar Memorial to the National Investigation Agency (NIA) on rent.While principal secretary (housing), Pravir Kumar, could not be contacted, well-placed sources said that the smarak management committee of the department had prepared a proposal to hand over administrative building-1, opposite Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar Samajik Parivartan Prateek Sthal in Gomtinagar to the NIA.An official in the committee said that the finance wing of the district administration had already mooted a proposal to this effect. \"The rent would be based on the DM circle rate and as per the facilities available in the building,\" a committee official said. The three-storey building, constructed at an estimated cost of around Rs 20 crore, has all the facilities including air-conditioned swanky rooms.\"The building will be handed over to the agency with all the facilities as such and the rent would be taken accordingly,\" the official said. Sources said that the rent would be anywhere around Rs 300 per sq mt for the constructed area. The rent will be deposited in the coffers of the committee which maintains the memorials.It was only last week when UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav assured the Union minister of state for home, RPN Singh, of allotting a building to the NIA.Singh had said that land allocation for establishing NIA hub in Lucknow had already been completed, but the agency needed a temporary building for starting its functions immediately.This will be the second building to be handed over by the SP government for a work other than maintenance of memorials. The government has already given an administrative building of Ambedkar Parivartan Sthal for setting of women powerline.The administrative building-1 of the memorial at present is occupied by the employees of the maintenance committee, who keep a hawk eye on the memorial opposite the building. These employees, especially recruited during the BSP rule for the upkeep of the memorials, would soon been asked to vacate the building and pave way for NIA officials. Already, the state government has proposed to shift the safai karmacharis associated with the committee for other municipal works.Soon after taking over the reins of the state, Akhilesh Yadav had made it clear that the empty space and unutilised buildings in the memorials would be handed over for public use. The state government thus constituted a committee headed by Lucknow district magistrate to look into the possibility. The committee too had suggested allocation of the said administrative building to NIA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17528416", "title": "Migrant arrested for murder", "text": "KANNUR: Adding to the migrant labourer killings in the district, one more person was arrested on Friday for the murder of his fellow worker. This is the third such case reported in the district in the last one week.According to Kannavam police, the victim has been identified as Sunil Kumar (35) of Samastipur in Bihar, who succumbed to injuries in the Kozhikode Medical College on Friday morning. He suffered serious head injuries in an altercation on Sunday.Police said they had taken the accused, Kailash Rai alias Sukhdev Rai (35) of Alampur in Samastipur, into custody earlier for murder attempt but later the case was changed into IPC 302, after the victim succumbed to the injuries.Police said Sunil and Kailash had a drunken brawl on Sunday evening at Chittariparambu in Kannavam and in the inebriated condition Kailash hit Sunil with a wooden block seriously injuring his head.The accused was produced before the Koothuparamba judicial first class magistrate court, which sent him to 14 days judicial custody in special sub jail, Kannur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17527038", "title": "Runaway couple abducted, accused kin surrender", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bizarre kidnapping incident, three persons \u00e2\u20ac\u201d including a newly married runaway couple and an elderly person \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were abducted by half a dozen kin of the bride Gurmeet Kaur of Moga in a Bolero at the dividing road of sectors 8 and 9 on Friday.Gurmeet, her husband Happy Singh and Happy's grandfather Malkit Singh of Barnala were in an autorickshaw when they were intercepted and bundled into the SUV around 10am. The SUV sped away towards Mohali.After passing the information to police control room about the incident, the auto driver vanished from the spot giving a tough time to police personnel to gather clues about the accused.The Moga registration number of SUV - PB-29H-7552 - was ascertained by the policemen only when a passerby and witness, Jasbir Singh, came forward to give his statement. A case of kidnapping was registered at police station in Sector 3.Later, in a strange turn of events, accused kin of Gurmeet, including Surjeet Singh, father of bride Jaipal Singh, cousin brother of the bride and two others turned themselves in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17527430", "title": "UP bought 5m units power supply daily in Dec first week", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Akhilesh Yadav government has come to rely heavily on the energy exchange to feed its power supply needs, especially in the rural areas. According to a recent data of Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL), the utility has bought, on an average 8 million units of power from the exchange in November, in comparison to zero last year, when Mayawati government was in power.The first week of December also saw the corporation buying around 5 million units per day from the energy exchange. Interestingly, the heavy reliance on the energy exchange came at a time when National Thermal Power Corporation ( NTPC ) closed down its six units -- three each in Auraiyya and Dadri following \"lesser requisition by the state,\" according to the Northern Region Load Dispatch Centre (NRLDC).As per the NRLDC, three units of Auraiya having a capacity of around 110 Mw each were closed on November 28. Likewise, the three units, having a capacity in the range of 130 to 150 Mw, in the gas-based Dadri were shut down on November 21, citing \"lesser requisition by the state.\"In contrast, the UPPCL went on a power purchasing spree even before that. The power purchase data sheet of UPPCL shows that the utility bought 21.4 million units on November 13, which was the maximum, on account on Diwali. Ever since, the utility has been buying power - to the tune of around 2.3 million units to 11.8 million units - from the energy exchange.UPPCL managing director, AP Mishra confirmed that the dependence on the exchange has essentially been due to low availability of power from the state-owned power plants and a strict curb on overdrawl from the central pool.Mishra claimed that the availability of power from the exchange has been costing lesser than overdrawl from the national grid.In August, the UPPCL came under a strict scrutiny of the Central Electricity Authority (CEA) following tripping of the national grid, on two occasions, plunging the entire north India into a pool of energy crisis. UPPCL sources said that the Power Grid Corporation of India Limited (PGCIL), which supports the transmission network of UP has now \"tightened the screws\" of UP Transmission Corporation. \"Even a bit of overdrawl and you have the whole supply system tripping from the main transmission station,\" said a UPTCL official.\"We are also looking at the rural areas, where the demand for power has been high,\" the UPPCL MD said. The supply status of UPPCL shows that it has increased the power supply to the rural areas from 10 hours to 13 hours. On an average power supply to the rural areas has been 10.9 hours in November as compared to 9.15 hours in November 2011.But, while the Samajwadi Party intends to keep a higher power supply to the rural areas, essentially to the rural areas of the constituencies of senior SP leaders, which include Etawah, Mainpuri and Rampur, the Bundelkhand region has come to receive lesser supply.Data show that the supply to Bundelkhand region dropped, though partially, from 20.01 hours in 2011 to 19.12 hours in 2012. The major towns too registered a minor drop in the duration of power supply in November from 22.35 hours in 2011 to 20.25 hours in 2012.The energy exchange controversy:The Akhilesh Yadav government inherited the controversial policy of buying power from energy exchange through a typical method of engaging a private company, which functioned as a 'middleman'. The corporation used to borrow power from company on a loan basis, while paying the dues off from time to time. The corporation was not registered with the energy exchange. The Akhilesh government soon after taking over the reins of UP found gross anomalies in the mechanism, where in a well oiled nexus of officials and private companies worked to earn heavy commission at the cost of the state exchequer. In November, the UPPCL eventually scrapped the arrangement and got itself registered with the exchange. \"Now the UPPCL bids and buys energy itself,\" UPPCL managing director, AP Mishra said.Overdrawl of power from the grid:UP has been one of the principal accused in overdrawl of power from the national grid. It has been doing so in the past, often touching the mark of around 2500 Mw, in complete defiance of the Central Electricity Authority's order. The then Mayawati government has been insisting that the state should get power in proportion to its population size. However, with the Centre not heeding to the demand, UP continued to go in for heavy overdrawl, especially last year, when the BSP government entered into the assembly election mode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17527757", "title": "Chennai loses much less to theft than Delhi, Bangalore", "text": "Thieves in the city have much slimmer pickings than their fellow-rogues in metros like Delhi, Mumbai and Bangalore and even those in smaller cities like Surat, Ahmedabad and Pune.People in the city lost around `12 crore to robbery (including theft) and burglary in the first nine months of 2012, latest figures of the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) show. In the same period, people across Tamil Nadu lost more than `75 crore. These are among the lowest figures in the country.Delhi loses about `60 crore a year in cases of burglary and theft, the most in the country, and Bangalore and Mumbai are in second and third position. The NCRB statistics club robbery and theft cases and classify them as 'robbery'. 'Burglary' is used to define break-ins. \"'Burglary' is when a person breaks into a house and steals valuables,\" a police officer said. \"Robbery is when someone steals valuables in public.\" Not surprisingly, police record the most cases of burglary and theft in Tamil Nadu in Chennai, the largest city in the state. Data from the Tamil Nadu police handbook of crimes shows robbers in Chennai looted `9 crore in cases of chain snatching, theft and highway robbery in 2011. Police officers say most of these are cases of chain snatching.\"The value of goods taken in cases of robbery is comparatively less than in burglary,\" a senior police officer said. \"In incidents of burglary, thieves can escape with more than 200 sovereigns of gold from a single house.\" Burglars in Chennai made away with booty worth close to `14.5 crore last year. Police officers said they recovered goods worth `12 crore stolen by burglars in 2011. Loot worth `2.44 crore is yet to be traced.Officers who are veteran investigators say they solve most crimes because the criminals carelessly leave behind tell-tale evidence. Most criminals in the city are repeat offenders and policemen know how each operates. Thieves usually follow a particular modus operandi and can be so idiosyncratic that the clues police find are dead giveaways. The police officer narrates how in a theft from a locked car, a forensics expert could tell who the prime suspect was by the position of the fingerprints on a window of the vehicle. \"He could tell by the way the thief held the window that it was a known offender from Chengalpet,\" the officer said. \"We detained him and he admitted to the crime.\"Other criminals get caught because of their bizarre habits. \"Some criminals cook food in the house that they have ransacked, others defecate in the house,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527598", "title": "Trio involved in Rs 50 crore call centre con held in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: If it was the lure of impossibly high returns and Bollywood roles that helped 'stockguru' couple Ulhas Khare and Raksha Urs pull off a Rs 1,100 crore scam, a trio conned more than 150 people in the city of Rs 50 crore on the pretext of setting up call centres that never came up.The three \u00e2\u20ac\u201d brothers Sandeep and Manoj Shukla and their friend Surendra Batho \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were arrested on Thursday night while trying to flee the city. Sandeep, police said, owns a production company, Leo 1, and is a known face in Bollywood. He had recently produced the second season of the popular TV show, Dance India Dance, and was planning to make a film with a comic hero.\"The accused had cheated investors in Mumbai. Three cases were registered against Shukla, Manoj and others for fraud to the tune of Rs 40 crore, with the Economic Offence Wing of Mumbai police,\" DCP northwest P Karunakaran said. Batho is a resident of Thane in Maharashtra, while the brothers belong to Azamgarh in Uttar Pradesh.Woman investor first tipped police about con artistes\"The accused had floated the company Max Star Infotech Private Limited and had entered into a partnership with Bhartico Infomedia in 2010. Sandeep had earlier floated companies in the name of Aurum Reality, Bristol Developers and Yescube Infrastructure Pvt Ltd in Mumbai and cheated hundreds of investors,\" Karunakaran said.Investigations against the trio began in Delhi when a woman complained earlier this year that a man named Veer Singh Thakur (Sandeep) induced her to invest in two of his companies for procuring call centre franchises. On their directions, she initially invested Rs 3.75 lakh and Rs 16.08 lakh through cheques and was told that she could choose the location while the companies would provide the infrastructure. In the next few months, she ended up investing around Rs 22 lakh.The woman said an agreement was to be drawn up and around Rs 11 lakh of the invested money returned to her once the call centres were set up, but it never happened. \"During the course of the investigation, we came to know that around 155 people were cheated by the employees of these companies using similar modus operandi,\" he added.A special team of officials was set up under the overall supervision of ACP (operations) Aas Mohammed, who conducted raids at various places to nab the accused. Finally, on the basis of a tip-off, the trio were arrested in northwest Delhi when they were trying to escape in a Honda City car. About Rs 40 lakh in cash and jewellery worth Rs 2 lakh was recovered from them.\"During interrogation, Sandeep Shukla alias Veer Singh disclosed that he had cheated a number of people in Mumbai and then came to Delhi to continue the con job. He stayed in rented accommodations in Gurgaon and Delhi. The glamour of Bollywood pulled him soon and he got into organizing events involving celebrities. Their passports and PAN cards are being verified,\" Karunakaran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17528518", "title": "'Scheme of Mining' before dump handling", "text": "PANAJI: The central empowered committee (CEC) has thrown a spanner into the state government's plans to allow the export of ore rejects heaped in dumps, what it calls 'dump handling'.While the state government has repeatedly maintained that dump handling is not mining and doesn't require any clearances, the CEC has spelt out in its interim report to the Supreme Court that such a move requires the state to first put a thorough scheme in place.It has told the SC, \"The state may be directed that the extraction of mineral from the overburden dumps located outside approved mining lease areas should not be permitted till an environmentally-sustainable 'Scheme of Mining' for removal of mineral from overburden dumps is prepared.\"This would be \"along with relevant information regarding the ownership of the dumps, realistic assessment regarding mineral available (grade-wise) in such dumps and approved from the statutory authorities and permitted,\" it concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17527127", "title": "Govt needs to work on power sector: Chandrabhan", "text": "JAIPUR: The Ashok Gehlot government has been unable to meet the power sector demands in the past four years, stated Congress state president Chandrabhan on Friday. The ruling party chief, a former power minister, said the government needs to take measures to bridge the electricity demand-supply gap in the state, especially in the rural areas.The Congress president was speaking to reporters on the party's preparations on completing four years in Rajasthan on December 13. The organisation has planned talks and discussions on December 12 at its district-level units to highlight the government's developmental works.\"It is right that there has been a difference between demand and supply in the power sector. The government needs to take measures to fill this gap,\" Chandrabhan said in response to reporters' query. He held both the Centre and the state governments responsible for the failure in generating adequate power in Rajasthan. \"Once the bidding process got delayed and the other time coal supply was affected due to Centre's policies,\" Chandrabhan reasoned. \"But the Chhabra power plant will soon be functional which will be a big relief for the people,\" he added.Soon after coming into power in December 2008, the Gehlot government accorded highest priority to the energy sector in the state's annual plans to make Rajasthan self-reliant. It even announced some ambitious projects, especially the three Super Critical Power Projects in government and private sectors. However, not a single project out of the three has been commissioned in past four years.The previous Vasundhara Raje government's five power plants - Suratgarh's sixth unit, Giral, Kota and two units of Chhabra power plant - were commissioned during the rule of Gehlot government.EomJaipur: The Ashok Gehlot government has been unable to meet the power sector demands in the past four years, Congress state president Chandrabhan said on Friday. The ruling party chief, who is also a former power minister, said the government needed to take measures to fill the electricity demand-supply gap in the state, especially in the rural areas.The Congress president was speaking to reporters on the party's preparations for marking the Gehlot-government's completion of four years in power in Rajasthan on December 13. The organisation has planned talks and discussions at its district-level units to highlight the government's development works on December 12.\"It is right that there has been a difference between demand and supply in the power sector. The government needs to take measures in filling this gap,\" Chandrabhan said in response to reporters' query. He held the Centre and the state governments, both, responsible for the failure in generating adequate power in Rajasthan. \"Sometimes the bidding processes got delayed and at times the coal supply got affected due to Centre's policies,\" Chandrabhan reasoned. \"But the Chhabra power plant will soon be functional and it will be a big relief for the people,\" he added.Soon after coming to power in December 2008, the Gehlot government accorded highest priority to the energy sector in the state's annual plans to make Rajasthan self-reliant. It even announced some ambitious projects, specially the three Super Critical Power Projects in government and private sectors. However, not a single of the three has been commissioned in past four years.The previous Vasundhara Raje government's five power plants-Suratgarh's 6th unit, Giral, Kota and two units of Chhabra-got commissioned during the present Gehlot government's tenure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17527162", "title": "Farm university to confer honorary degree on Prime Minister today", "text": "LUDHIANA: Punjab Agricultural University chancellor and Punjab Governor Shivraj Patil will confer an honorary doctorate degree on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh during his visit to the university on Saturday. Others who will be awarded the honourary degree include Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal, Dr G S Kalkat, chairman, Punjab State Farmers Commission, former PAU vice-chancellor Dr R S Paroda and Dr J S Kanwar, former deputy director general, International Crop Research Institute for Semi-Arid Tropics, Hyderabad.The degrees will be awarded during the convocation to be organised in the golden jubilee year of the university. Minister for information and broadcasting Manish Tewari will attend the event.Students who are to receive degrees and gold medals from the PM are excited. However, security on the campus has been tightened with commandos and local police personnel stationed almost everywhere. Of the six gates of PAU, entrance is open only from gate no 4.Mandeep Kaur, a post graduate student of PAU who is to receive the Dr P N Thapar Memorial award with a gold medal for the overall best student of the university said, \"I am really excited at this lifetime opportunity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17527566", "title": "Canada opens first trade office in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With over 3,00,000 Punjabis settled in British Columbia, Canada, it has become a 'natural' option for the government there to eye investment back home in Punjab. The growing bio-sciences research in Punjab, along with potential for timber trade and immense potential in agro-processing has lured the Canadian province to set up first trade and investment office for the state in the Canadian consulate.Michael de Jong, minister of finance for the province of British Columbia, Canada, who threw open the office, said that the investment the province is looking at would be both ways. \"Energy is one sector that we are hoping would yield investment opportunities for Canada,\" he said, adding that there already have been deliberations with the energy conservation body to work out modalities.However, it is the emergence of Punjab, particularly Mohali, as a city housing projects doing leading research in life sciences that has attracted British Columbia to set up an office here. Speaking to TOI, Jong, who has been a forest minister in the past said, \"It is amazing to note the level of standard of research, the cutting edge expertise, knowledge base that is working on critical life sciences projects. But, most of it has not been commercialized and this is where we can help. We can ensure that the research benefits are brought in contact with entrepreneurs who can actually take it to the end consumer.\"However, there are certain crippling shortcomings in Punjab that is coming in the way of promoting investment ties. \" We definitely need better air linkages between Chandigarh, Mohali, Amritsar and British Columbia. There just are not enough flights,\" he said.Consul General of Canada, Scot Slessor, told TOI, \"With a very strong Punjabi population in Canada, we are looking at more such investment offices in the state. We are looking at boosting trade links, cultural ties besides giving a lift to the tourism sector.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17556220", "title": "Padegaon slaughter house may go hi-tech", "text": "AURANGABAD: A German company which specialises in modern slaughter and meat processing systems has evinced interest in developing the city's slaughter house at Padegaon.The representatives of the company, BANSS Germany, who visited the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC), gave a presentation on how the slaughter house could be developed into a state-of-the-art centre with machines doing most of the work. They also presented how waste generated at the slaughter house could be managed and how it could be converted into fertilizers.Wolfgang Muth and Hirak Deb of the company stressed the need for a modern slaughter house in the city and said the ministry of food processing industries would offer a subsidy for the project. The civic body has already sent a modernisation proposal to the central government around 7 or 8 months back. The central government had forwarded the proposal to the screening committee of ministry of food and processing industries.The new government guidelines stipulate that there will be no slaughter house in the city. The AMC is, therefore, keen on shifting the existing slaughter house to Padegaon. The AMC plans to organise the slaughter of both large and small animals in one place. The Food Safety and Standard Act 2006 has also laid down stringent guidelines with reference to operations and locations of slaughter houses.The proposed project would cost Rs 33.68 crore, with the central government offering a 50 per cent subsidy. The corporation will have to make arrangements for remaining funding. Highly placed sources in the civic body said it would adopt a public private partnership ( PPP) model or a build, operate and transfer (BOT) option to give shape to the project.The slaughter house at Padegaon is spread over 36 acres where more than 2,500 large animals are slaughtered every month. At Shahaganj, 5,000 small animals are slaughtered every month.BANSS Germany supplies modern slaughter and meat processing systems as well as storage and cooling room transport systems for cattle, pigs and sheep. Mayor Kala Ojha, deputy mayor Sandeep Joshi, opposition leader Jazar Khan and others were present during the presentation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17527726", "title": "Gandhi aide operated on for hip joint fracture", "text": "RANCHI: A 112-year-old aide of Mahatma Gandhi was operated upon successfully with \"minimal invasive surgery\" for his hip joint fracture at a hospital here on Thursday.Hazi Mohammed Mohiuddin, who hails from Balumath, Itkey in Chatra district, could not talk much after the operation. \"I am fine. I have been associated with Bapu during the freedom struggle and very proud of this,\" he managed to say.Sanjay Jaiswal, the orthopaedic surgeon at the hospital who along with his medical team operated on him, said, \"It was a rare kind of surgery of a patient who is so old. I was shocked to see that a person of more than 100 years old was so fit. We did a cardiac and overall health assessment on him, following which I consulted my team and finally decided to operate on him. He had a fracture in the hip bone on December 4 and was admitted to the hospital next day. We used the minimal invasive surgery which has the benefit of minimum blood loss and fast recovery. His stay in the hospital is for fewer days which makes this surgery cost effective. The whole surgery costs less than Rs 30,000.\"The surgeon said they had never done such an operation on an old man earlier. \"Operation was the only solution for the hip bone fracture. With this operation, he has added more years to his life.\"Mohiuddin's youngest son Hazi Mohhamed Zia Ur Rashid said \"We were worried bescause of his age. He was going for his evening namaz when he slipped and became unconscious. Later, we went to the nearby hospital where the doctors suggested that operation was the only solution.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17526361", "title": "North East Book Fair to begin from December 30", "text": "GUWAHATI: The 14th edition of the North East Book Fair will commence at the Assam Engineering Institute playground here from December 30 amid participation of publishers from neighbouring Bangladesh and other leading metropolitan cities.The organizers have invited chief minister Tarun Gogoi to open the 12-day long book fair, which has been catering to the requirements of people from the northeast. On the inaugural day, the organizers have arranged an interaction programme with eminent writer Arundhati Roy .\"We are expecting good support from the people of NE. The publishing houses have shown great interest in participating at the fair. All 250 stalls, which will come up during the fair, has already been booked, which is a positive sign,\" said Ajit Kumar Barman, the president of the fair.He added that publishing houses and book-sellers from Delhi, Kolkata, Mumbai, Ludhiana, Siliguri, Hyderabad, Patna, Agartala, Chennai, Guwahati and other parts of the country will participate in the fair. This edition of the North East Book Fair will be dedicated to noted writer Hiren Bhattacharyya.\"On December 31, a bust of Lakshminath Bezbaruah, the doyen of Assamese literature, will be unveiled at the fair venue. To mark Bezbarua's 150th birth anniversary, we will try to highlight various dimensions of his life,\" he said.Besides, people from different linguistic backgrounds will sing together 'O Mor Apunar Desh', the national song of Assam, which was written by Bezbaruah.The focal theme of the fair this year will be Karbi Anglong, the hill district of Assam. The crowd will get an opportunity to enjoy the unique cultural programmes organized by artists from Karbi Anglong on January 7.On January 2, book-lovers will get a change to meet leading writer from Kolkata Partha Chattopadhyaya. Shamsuzzaman Khan, director general of Bangla Academy, Dhaka will also attend the fair.Chinese novelist Arindam Bhattacharyya, who has his roots in Assam, will take part in a symposium to be held on January 6 during the book fair. The organizers will felicitate Achyut Lahkar, the pioneer of the mobile theatre movement of the state, during the fair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17527961", "title": "For Congress, Surat east is first among equals", "text": "SURAT: The opposition Congress may be contesting on all the 12 assembly seats in the city. However, the focus of its leaders and workers seems to be just one constituency - Surat (east).Senior Congress leader and AICC member Kadir Pirzada is pitted against BJP's heavyweight minister of state for transport, Ranjit Gilitwala, in this constituency. A former mayor, Gilitwala, was elected to the assembly for the first time in 2007 but with a slender margin of over 1900 votes.This constituency has about 1.95 lakh voters and of them 78,000 are Muslims. Surprisingly, Congress has fielded a minority candidate from Surat (east) for the first time in the last five assembly elections. Rana, Khatri and Modhvanik communities along with Jains constitute 1.08 lakh voters.The history of Surat (east) assembly segment suggests that it has been the division of minority votes that has brought about the victory for the BJP in three of the last four assembly polls. The presence of four minority independents apart from minority candidates from BSP and other smaller parties could affect the results.In 2002, Congress candidate Manish Gilitwala managed to win the seat with a slender margin of 1,952 votes due to division among Khatri community voters over the fielding of late Gulabdas Khasi as a saffron party candidate.\"In trying to win Surat (east) seat, the city Congress seems to have forgotten about other 11 constituencies in the city,\" lamented a senior party worker, who is active in Majura constituency. A section of city unit of Congress is out in Surat (east) assembly segment to ensure Pirzada's victory.Poll pundits predict a close fight between BJP and Congress candidates. The presence of Deepak Rana, elder son of former Union minister of textiles late Kashiram Rana as GPP candidate, could bring about a division in the Rana community votes. Minority voting is not very heavy in this segment despite tall claims and this could be comforting to some contestants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17529098", "title": "SC stops Ram Jethmalani from arguing on behalf of petitioner in judge selection case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ram Jethmalani on Friday suffered a rare embarrassment with the SC preventing him from arguing on behalf of a PIL petitioner.The court pointed out that he was arguing for quashing the selection of Andhra Pradesh HC judge Justice N V Ramana, whose appointment happened only because he as law minister had pushed for it despite the collegium headed by then CJI twice rejecting Justice Ramana's name.\"It was the advice of the law minister that made the collegium change its mind,\" a bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai said. But it clarified that it had no intention to embarrass Jethmalani.However, it stuck to its point that Jethmalani, who had pushed for the appointment, was not suited to argue the PIL seeking quashing of Justice Ramana's appointment 12 years ago.The PIL alleged that the judge, prior to his appointment, had not disclosed pendency of a criminal case instituted during his student days.After senior advocate Shanti Bhushan argued briefly for petitioner M Manohar Reddy, the bench called for the entire record related to Justice Ramana's appointment in a sealed cover and sought assistance of attorney general G E Vahanvati in the matter, which was posted for further hearing on January 21.The court wanted to know the AG's view whether a petition seeking removal of a sitting HC judge was maintainable and asked him to bring in sealed cover the documents available with the government including correspondence between the government and Supreme Court prior to Justice Ramana's appointment on June 27, 2000.PIL petitioner Reddy alleged that when Justice Ramana was a student of Nagarjuna University in Guntur, he was named as an accused in a case relating to rioting and disruption of public property in 1981. Two years later, when he enrolled as an advocate, he did not mention the pending criminal case against him despite the mandatory requirement.The police filed charge-sheet against him in October 1983. During the meandering trial before a Guntur court, he was allegedly declared a proclaimed offender on May 8, 2000. A month later, he was appointed as a judge of Andhra Pradesh HC. On December 2, 2000, the trial court issued warrant against the HC judge, the petitioner said.The petitioner alleged that while on one hand the warrants went unanswered, on the other hand, the then TDP government sought to withdraw prosecution in the rioting case. On January 31, 2002, the case against the judge was closed. During the last hearing, Bhushan had said, \"If the case is withdrawn against a judge, what will the country feel. The courts have declared him an absconder and he is dispensing justice. It vitiates the entire consultation process for appointment of judges to the high court.\"Bhushan pointed out that the Chief Justice of India was apprised of the developments by the petitioner in a letter dated January 8, 2012 but he received no response.The bench directed the Supreme Court secretary general to provide in a sealed cover \"full and complete\" records relating to the judge's appointment and the action taken based on the January 8 letter. In addition, the court also directed the secretary general to produce records of the criminal case against the judge from the court of additional munsif, Guntur arising out of FIR No. 58/1981 registered at Mangalagiri police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531907", "title": "Deepika Padukone has not replaced Priyanka Chopra", "text": "Both successful beauties are face of different categories of the same brand. It's very rare for two stars of this stature to be face of same brand.While Priyanka Chopra who was previously seen endorsing certain category of products. Deepika Padukone will be seen endorsing a completely new product that would be a category creator meant for the modern Indian woman.Contrary to rumors Deepika Padukone has not replaced Priyanka Chopra. In fact both campaigns will be seen together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17526391", "title": "Homeguards hit the streets for better salary", "text": "GUWAHATI: The city saw policemen working at cross-purposes on Friday when one section was seen trying to scuttle the protest of another group which hit the streets to press for its demands.Hundreds of homeguards from various districts of the state assembled in the city under the banner of All Assam Trained Home Guard Association on Friday and marched towards the DC's office. Though they wanted to submit a memorandum to chief minister Tarun Gogoi seeking restructuring of their salary besides other demand, policemen stopped them near Cotton College.\"It's such an irony. Our own men are restricting us from staging our protest. It proves that how security personnel are sincere in their work. But the chief minister is yet to understand this,\" said Ananta Das, the president of the association.Earlier, 26,000 home guards in the state had threatened to abstain from duty during the panchayat polls if the government fails to fulfill their demands by January 31, 2013.According to the association, the home guards in the state get a remuneration of Rs 150 a day, while in other states like Punjab, they are paid Rs 300 a day. The home guard association also sought amendment to the Assam Home Guards Act, 1947.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17526542", "title": "Dog bite victim told to seek relief from BBMP", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Friday ordered that Master Jishnu, the five-year-old boy from Yelahanka New Town who was badly bitten by stray dogs two years ago and had moved the court, can seek enhancement of compensation from the BBMP in accordance with law.Master Jishnu had been violently attacked by five to six stray dogs in front of his house on July 6, 2010. In his petition before the court, Jishnu had sought Rs 5 lakh compensation.The boy had been dragged for a considerable distance by the dogs, which also bit him on his head, as a result of which he suffered grievous injuries. A portion of the scalp on the back of his skull had been torn open, causing profuse bleeding. The boy had received over 20 sutures on the head.\"Garbage is not regularly disposed of on an everyday basis and accumulates in many places of the locality. Stray dogs tend to congregate in these areas, creating an intolerable nuisance for the residents. The BBMP is required to establish a sufficient number of animal shelters and kennels for housing of strays. The BBMP should discharge its statutory duties and ensure proper garbage disposal from the meat shop in the locality, as well as taking regular steps for control of the dog population as required by law. They should also establish a website for the benefit of victims so as to give information regarding the dos and don'ts at the time of dog bite,\" Jishnu had stated in his petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17531918", "title": "Five killed as car rams lorry on East Coast Road", "text": "CHENNAI: Five people including a police sub-inspector were killed in a road accident on East Coast Road near Kanathur in the wee hours of Saturday. They were in a Maruthi Swift car that rammed into a stationary lorry, police said. They were returning home after visiting the Lord Saneeshwarar temple in Thirunallar near Kumbakonam.A sand lorry driver had parked his vehicle on the roadside, 200 metres before a police checkpost near the Kanathur police station, and was showing the vehicle documents to the policemen on night patrolling. At 12.05am, the car rammed into the lorry. Police said the car was travelling at a speed of more than 80km when it hit the lorry from behind. Policemen pulled out the passengers from the car and sent them to the Government General Hospital, Chennai.The doctors examined them and declared them 'brought dead'. Police identified the victims as D Suresh Kumar, 32, a native of Parivakkam near Tiruvallur, special sub-inspector A Thulasi, 46, a native of Elavur near Gummidipoondi, P Arumugam, 45, from Sunnambukulam near Gummidipoondi, G Senthil, 39, and R Bhakthavatchalam from Nagaraj Kandihai near Gummidipoondi. Suresh Kumar was a realtor, Thulasi worked as an SSI at the Arambakkam police station, Arumugam was running a softdrinks shop in Sunnambu Kulam village, Senthil owned a lorry and Bhakthavatchalam was a farmer. Police said Suresh Kumar was behind the wheels when the accident happened. Police recovered some liquor bottles from the car.The victims' relatives told police that the men had left on a pilgrimage last Thursday. Due to the accident, traffic was disrupted on ECR for half an hour. Police personnel removed the mangled remains of the car to the roadside and later to the Adyar traffic investigation office in Besant Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17526939", "title": "'Randy' Andhra University prof suspended", "text": "Visakhapatnam: The 57-year-old professor from the department of economics, school of distance education, Andhra University, J Ramu Naidu, who was exposed by a TV channel for allegedly seeking sexual favours from a young woman, who claimed that she had come to collect her pass certificates, was suspended on Friday.Many women and student organisations stageg protests demanding immediate suspension of the professor. When contacted, AU registrar, Prof V Umamaheswara Rao, said the university had decided to suspend the professor with immediate effect and his fate would be decided after thorough investigations.He said that an enquiry commission had been set up under retired AP High Court Justice Rangaraju to investigate the issue. \"The time frame given to the commission is three months,\" the registrar said. However, police said they had not booked a case so far. Three Town Police Station SHO Lakshman Murthy said they had not received any complaint against the professor from anyone, including the woman who was involved.The latest incident saw many senior AU faculty members condemning the professor. \"This is not the first time that he has committed such an act. There were a couple of incidents earlier and he was warned. But they never came out in the open. According to the woman, she was being harassed for quite some time by the professor and he had been asking for such favours in exchange of her pass certificates,\" said a senior professor from the College of Arts. Meanwhile, unconfirmed sources said the professor was framed by a builder with whom he was embroiled in a dispute.The sting operation was allegedly conducted by the builder a month back and not the TV channel and the clips were handed over to the channel recently to take revenge on the professor, the sources said. When TOI contacted the professor, he claimed he was lured by the woman and administered some kind of sedation in the form of a drink.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17528664", "title": "Party role reversal at home", "text": "KOLKATA: It is a shift of gear for all frontline political parties in Bengal.If Trinamool Congress and Left had been so insistent on a debate-and-vote in Parliament on the FDI issue, they feel their purpose will be served by only a debate on Bengal's law and order in the state assembly.For Congress, it's just the opposite - they want a vote after the debate. But unlike UPA-II, in Bengal the numbers are heavily stacked in favour of the Mamata Banerjee government.Speaker Biman Banerjee has kept aside Thursday for non-official discussions. The House is expected to debate two issues: first, the state government's criticism of the central pollution norms that are hampering industry in Nayachar and Haldia, and second, the Congress and Left Front's concern on \"deteriorating law and order\" in Bengal.Left wants a debate, Congress wants a voting to follow the debate.Parliamentary affairs minister Partha Chatterjee said, \"The fact that Congress wants a debate-and-vote, wasn't mentioned in the business advisory committee meeting. We are ready for a discussion.\"But Congress leader Manas Bhunia later told reporters, \"We will not only move four adjournment motions, we will also insist on a discussion on law and order under Rule 185 (debate-and-vote) in the assembly.\" Bhunia also chose to term their floor-arrangement with Left as issue-specific and not a long term arrangement. But when Congress legislative party leader Md Sohrab was asked whether Congress will stick to Rule 185, with Trinamool and Left keen on only a debate, he replied, \"We will decide then.\"The winter session will continue till December 13 when seven Bills are likely to be tabled.Union minister of state Deepa Das Munshi met Governor M K Narayanan and alleged that law and order was worsening in the state. \"I met the Governor and drew his attention to the breakdown in law and order in the state. The Trinamool government is responsible for this,\" Das Munshi said.Das Munshi, who escorted Pratima Dutta, widow of slain Trinamool Congress leader of Bally, Tapan Dutta, to the Governor, said \"criminals are moving scot free with the state government giving them protection.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17526505", "title": "Cash transfers need regulation", "text": "BANGALORE: There is an urgent need to regulate cash transfers, experts from banking, police and private security sectors said.SJS Duggal, president of SIS Prosegur involved with value logistics and cash management, said: \"The cash industry, especially the process of transferring cash from banks to ATMs by private agencies, is unregulated. Many people are entering the high-risk industry without proper infrastructure and knowledge.\" Duggal was speaking at a conference on private security.\"There's also a shortage of manpower. Regulation under the guidelines of authorities, to bring in efficiency, is needed,\" he said.There have been at least five heists, involving over Rs 2.5 crore, during cash transfers by private security agencies in the city since May 2012, pointed out joint commissioner of police (crime) Pronab Mohanty.\"After such mishaps, it's security agencies and not banks which come to police seeking help. Security agencies need to follow the advice of police, which they often don't,\" he said. \"The transfers should be carried out preferably during the day, and if possible, in a convoy of at least four to five vehicles, making it difficult for criminals to strike,\" Mohanty said.Duggal pointed out that people entrusted with cash deliveries should have stringent verifications, as the normal police verification is not always enough. All security personnel, under the Private Security Agencies Regulation Act 2005, are required to submit their address proof and antecedents to local police.The ideal security guardGopal Prasad Choudhary, vice-president and global security head of Wipro , said an ideal security guard is the one who allows people through only after thoroughly frisking them, before thanking them profusely. Like the ones in the airport.At a time when threat perception is very high, the guard should multi-task. He should be in the loop about technological developments like access control, video surveillance, bio-medics, operational centres and fire alarm systems, understand basic law, have interpersonal skills, emergency preparedness and surveillance abilities, Choudhary explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17526423", "title": "Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board results on Tuesday", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) will declare the result of HSC science (old course) and third semester on December 11.A board official said that the principals can collect the result from the respective district education offices (DEOs). Students will also be able to check the result online on the official website of the state board by going to and .Special exam was held for the old course students since the syllabus of the HSC has changed. Semester system was introduced in class XI last year. This year, the students of HSC (science) appeared for the third semester exam.Over 14,000 old course students appeared for the exam. The students will be given one more chance to to clear HSC (old course) in March 2013. After that the students will have to give re-exam by studying the new syllabus.Meanwhile, over 1.18 lakh students had appeared for the semester three exams which consisted mainly of objective-type questions. The semester four paper would be subjective type.Moreover, first semester exams were also held in October. The result of these exams will also be declared by December end. Re-test for semester exams will be held later.The students have to score an aggregate 132 marks out of 400 in all the four semester exams. Students will be required to score at least 33 marks in each semester exam to be declared passed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17527317", "title": "Harassed, teen hangs self", "text": "MUMBAI: A 15-year-old tribal girl from Vikramgad in Jawahar taluka, Thane, hanged herself on Wednesday after she was allegedly eve-teased by a manw hen she left and returned from school. The accused, Pravin Gokarna (26), has been arrested for abetment of suicide.The victim is a Class IX student of a government school in Kawale villagein Vikramghad, around 96 km from Mumbai. The accused Pravin Gorkana, (26) also a tribal is unemployed and stays in the same locality.Though the victim did not leave behind a suicide note but friends have told cops that the Vikramgad police arrested the accused based on statements given by friends and classmates who accompanied her to school and back everyday. According to the police statement of the victim's classmates, since the past month, Gorkana would block her the victim's away try to engage her in in a conversation with her. When she ignored, he would pass obscene comments. As the victim ignored him, Gorkana began passing obscene comments on the girl.The victim was harassed for nearly a month and her friends told her to inform her parents. However, she feared that she would be prevented from going to school if her parents found out.On Wednesday, Gorkana again also tried to catch hold of her. The victim managed to escape from Gorkana. She got home and locked herself in the room where she hanged herself.Her parents, labourers, were away working on fields. The victim's grandfather came looking for her and found her hanging from the ceiling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17528818", "title": "Medium no bar: Eminent authors hold aloft vernacular literature at lit meet", "text": "Bhubaneswar: Vernacular authors here on Friday asserted language should not be a barrier for any writer to express his/her ideas or emotions. Referring to Salman Rushdie's controversial remark made in the past that literature in vernacular languages is inconsequential, eminent fiction writer Pratibha Ray said, \"It is Rushdie's disadvantage that he cannot read vernacular languages.\"Speaking at 'Think Literature' programme, organized by Tefla's in association with The Times of India here, Ray said Odisha has produced several great writers, who carved a niche in literature in vernacular language. Ray, who penned several novels and short stories in Odia like 'Magnamati', 'Jajnaseni', 'Maharani Putra' and 'Adi Bhumi', among others, said command over language alone is not sufficient to become a successful writer. \"A novel should bear complexity of themes, universality and power to transform the society,\" Ray said.Another vernacular author from Gujarat Kaajal Oza-Vaidya said a writer can better express his or her feelings in their mother tongue. \"We all have different fingerprints and expressions. It is better if we express ourselves in different vernacular languages,\" said Kaajal, who has written 52 novels in Gujarati language. How one presents a story is more important, she said.Hindi novelist Geetanjali Shree debated on the pros and cons of translation. \"Translated version of books no doubt circulates the writer's work worldwide, but it loses out on other features like inventiveness and originality.\" There are many writers, whose writings cannot be translated, she said, advising translators to attend to nuances.Veteran author of Odisha Manoj Das expressed concern about the lack of attraction among children today towards their mother tongue. \"Parents should not think that teaching English to their children will serve the purpose. They should give priority to Odia language,\" Das said. He denied literature has taken a backseat. \"Publication of books is going up, so also the readership. Only the style of writing has changed compared to the old times,\" he said.Cine star Nandita Das urged young writers to look to veteran writers for inspiration. \"Many young writers are becoming more cynical. But they should learn the trick of being optimistic from writers of yesteryears,\" Das said. She said there must be many brilliant vernacular writers, who have failed to come to the limelight due to poor promotion of their work. \"Such literature festivals give them a chance to interact and exchange ideas with others,\" Das said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17529052", "title": "New chiefs for NSG, BSF, ITBP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three paramilitary forces will soon have new chiefs even as the government on Friday appointed IPS officer Arun Chaudhary as the director general of Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB). Chaudhary, a 1977 batch Bihar cadre officer, was earlier with the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) as special DG.The government has also finalized new DG appointments in National Security Guards, Border Security Force and Indo-Tibet Border Police. While current NSG DG Subhash Joshi is expected to take over as the chief of BSF, special DG (BSF) Arvind Ranjan is likely to replace him at NSG. ITBP is likely to get special secretary (internal security) in the ministry of home affairs, Ajay Chaddha, as its new chief.A 1977 batch officer from the UT cadre, Chaddha was recently in the race for the post of Delhi Police commissioner, but the government chose to appoint Neeraj Kumar as Chaddha was a batch junior.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527275", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal joins Okhla residents\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 stir", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around 100 people gathered outside chief minister Sheila Dikshit's residence on Moti Lal Nehru Marg early Friday morning to protest against the demolition of their houses at Shram Vihar Abul Fazal Enclave in Okhla on Monday. Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) chief Arvind Kejriwal and his aides soon joined the protesters.Around 12.30pm, the protesters were put into buses and taken to Parliament Street police station where they continued to agitate till the evening. The agitation, on since 7am, ended after Kejriwal and his team met officials at lieutenant governor Tejendra Khanna's office.AAP members claimed that they had camped outside Dikshit's house as they were not allowed to meet the chief minister. \"We wanted to meet the CM to talk about the demolitions. The land where these people are living is their land; they have documents of it. It is an unauthorized colony due to be regularized along with 1,600 colonies as per the October 2010 announcement by the government,\" said Kejriwal.\"But despite that 500 houses were demolished,\" he added, indicating that this demolition might be a case of illegal land grabbing.\"This land is located at a prime location. They razed 500 houses but left the corporate showroom located in the area untouched,\" alleged Kejriwal.On December 3, parts of an unauthorized colony were razed to the ground, leading to Friday's protest. The government has ordered an inquiry to verify the residents' allegations that the action was illegal. Kejriwal demanded on Friday that the inquiry be expedited.Kejriwal's statements against the chief minister met with loud cheers and sloganeering. With police deployment in place since early morning, the protesters sat in demonstration till the afternoon when they were taken to the Parliament Street police station. The protesters led by AAP members then reached out to the LG's office and a small delegation met the officer on special duty to the LG in the evening after which the protest was called off.\"The OSD told us that the report of the inquiry is due on Monday. As the government is inquiring into the matter, we will wait for the report. Till then we are discussing a legal route that the affected can take,\" said AAP chief spokesperson Manish Sisodia.Party members say Prashant Bhushan will fight the case if the residents of the area decide to follow the legal course.On December 3, parts of an unauthorized colony were razed to the ground, leading to Friday's protest. The Delhi government has ordered a probe to verify the residents' claim that the demolition was illegal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17531887", "title": "National seminar on waste management from Monday", "text": "MANGALORE: Department of Zoology, St Aloysius College, Mangalore is organizing a two-day national seminar on 'Waster management and alternative energy sources' from December 10 under the star college scheme sponsored by Department of Biotechnology (DBT), Union Ministry of Science and Technology. VV Bhat, secretary, Government of India and member (finance), Space/Atomic energy/Earth commissions will inaugurate the seminar.As the global standards and urban population is increasing with each passing day, so is urban waste. It is estimated that global household waste is set to increase from the current levels of 1.3 billion tonnes to 2.2 billion tonnes by 2025. For an ever growing city such as Mangalore, managing solid waste is indeed very essential and significant. Management of enormous amount of waste created by mankind is emerging as the task of the decade.For tackling the waste problem, there is need to find innovative ideas, suiting local economy and traditions which can be evolve through scientific deliberation. Aim of this seminar is to develop a holistic approach towards reducing the problem and to sensitize general public about their role. This seminar also aims at bringing awareness on environmental issues and socio-economic benefits and also providing a scientific platform for various stakeholders.Students, teachers, research scholars, social workers, NGOs of various institutions from all over India will be participating in this event. Bhat will deliver keynote address after the inauguration function. Eminent personalities in the field of waste management - Rtd. Col. Achappa, vice-president, Mailhem Engineering Pvt Ltd, Varanashi Krishna Moorthy, managing trustee, Varanashi Research Foundation, Adyanadka and others will be the resource persons .The plenary sessions will be followed by paper/poster presentations moderated by I Krishnananda Pai , associate professor, University of Goa . The seminar will conclude with the valedictory ceremony with K Harish Kumar, commissioner, Mangalore City Corporation as the chief guest. Rev Fr Leo D'Souza, Director of Laboratory of Applied Biology, St Aloysius College will preside over the valedictory function, a press release here states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17526863", "title": "200 stalls offer variety fare at Khadi mela", "text": "PATNA: Take your pick. Elegantly embroidered silk saris, fashionable dupattas, full sleeve and sleeveless jackets, woollen coats, cotton and silk kurtas for ladies and gents, leather belts, designer hide bags and trendy (and durable) footwear. A motley of merchandise produced by small scale industries are on sale at a month-long Rashtriya Khadi Gramodyog Mahotsav - 2012, which was inaugurated at the Patliputra Colony's main field here on Friday.Almost 200 stalls have been put up at the fair that has a pan-Indian presence of traders expecting to do good business in the state. Forman Ali has come all the way from Assam with his handmade bamboo items that start from Rs 30, with the priciest item being a stylish low-chair at Rs 1,000. \"I have trays, flower pots, pen holders, key ring-hanger and different designs of show-pieces that have extremely fine finish and would add to the beauty of your living room,\" said Ali.When it comes to apparels, the fair has sellers right from West Bengal (WB), Jharkhand to Punjab and our very own Madhubani. \"Printed and embroidered silk saris range between Rs 1,000-Rs 5,000 while cotton and silk fabric start at Rs 70 and Rs 250, respectively,\" said Rabindra Debnath, who has come from Murshidabad (WB) to put up his shop exhibiting gorgeous saris. A 15% discount is also offered at their stalls.If you're brand freak when it comes to bags, then don't miss the \"Khadi India\" stall that has an assortment of bags to suit every packet and style. \"Our bags are original leather and come with a guarantee. The price ranges from Rs 1,000 to Rs 4, 500,\" said Rehan Siddiqui, who was busy arranging the purses at his stall.More than 200 delegates from the Song and Drama division of Government of India would also bring folk flavours of different corners of the country to the plains of Bihar. Working models demonstrating how fabrics are weaved and oil is extracted from oilseeds are also on display for visitors. A number of booths also offer food items such as pickles, honey and mustard oil, and home furnishing products, including cushion and mattresses, by the Union government-owned Coir Board can also bought from the fete.The Mahotsav is being organized by State Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC) and was inaugurated by Devendra Kumar Desai, chairman, KVIC, ministry of micro, small and medium enterprises. It would conclude on January 2, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17526387", "title": "Enabling companies to serve disabled", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Very few Indian companies have taken a lead in making products and services for people with disabilities (PWD), says a study by the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A).A working paper by faculty of IIM-A proposes that companies also need to realign their business strategy so that they can cater to a diverse population including the PWD customers.According to the paper Realigning Business Strategy for PWD (People with Disabilities) Customers: A Less-Explored Territory in Diversity Inclusion by assistant professor Abhishek and fellow student Richa Saxena, there are not many commercial organizations which exercise inclusion of diversity as far as developing products and services accessible to the disabled is concerned.\"Only 6 percent of the Standard &amp; Poor's 500 companies have backed that interest with publically observable and measurable efforts,\" says the paper.Among the reasons for this avoidance, the paper lists large costs involved in making even minor modifications to the products or services for the benefit of a small section of customers. \"These customers sometimes have unique requirements, which call for a great level of customization and the organizations do not see much return on such investments. Large players, with positive cash flow, can afford to experiment and should come forward for such initiatives,\" says the paper. Another reason for not being proactive to such initiatives can be the fear of failure.Some Indian companies, which have taken lead in doing business with PWD include Reliance Energy. The company's customer care centres have been designed with a ramp for the wheel chair bound customer. In another step, the company decided to provide its monthly electricity bill in Braille to those who were visually challenged. Union Bank of India opened a talking ATM for people with disability in 2012. Similarly, State Bank of India has piloted a project where they have used pre-developed software called Jaws to enable internet banking for visually-impaired.Indian Railways provides tickets to PWD at concessional rates. However, this facility is not available to PWD who want to book their tickets online, even though e-ticket booking facility is much more essential for PWD than other passengers. Indian Railways has come out with a plan wherein they will issue identity cards with specific numbers to each PWD which will be built into the computerized passenger reservation system across the country. This will ensure that even differently abled people can avail fare concession while booking tickets online, says the paper.According to United Nations , more than 500 million people in the world suffer from some form of disability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17528540", "title": "IOC checks bid to control IOA accounts", "text": "BANGALORE: The International Olympic Committee (IOC) on Friday put the brakes on a swift bid by a few office-bearers of the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) to gain control over the bank accounts of the country's apex body in New Delhi, saying it would take legal action against any misuse of funds from the Olympic movement.Soon after the election, a letter was sent to the banks, introducing Abhey Singh Chautala, Lalit Bhanot and N Ramachandran as the new office-bearers of IOA and authorising them to operate the accounts. The letter was reportedly signed by acting president VK Malhotra, Chautala, Bhanot and Ramachandran.The two accounts jointly had funds close to Rs 20 crore, it is learnt. Apparently, the IOC letter on IOA's suspension and a reminder on Thursday helped in freezing the funds.Miffed that the elections were held in violation of its directives, IOC said in its letter that the \"suspended IOA is no longer entitled to exercise any activity or right conferred upon it by the Olympic Charter. The so-called elected office-bearers have no legitimacy to claim to represent or act on behalf of the suspended IOA in any capacity whatsoever.\"In a pointed reference to the bank accounts, it said: \"They are not entitled to access the suspended IOA's bank accounts and the funds of the Olympic movement. The IOC reserves the right to take any legal action against any misuse of the remaining Olympic movement funds which may still be available on the account of the suspended IOA.\" As for Malhotra, IOC said he would continue to be the acting president provided \"he does not act against the IOC directives\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17530466", "title": "I will write and direct a film soon: Santhanam", "text": "The ace comedian doesn't attend events and stays away from the media. But Santhanam still goes to his hometown every Deepavali and buys crackers for his entire street so that they can celebrate it together. He's family-oriented and believes he is there to make people happy. In an exclusive interview with Chennai Times, Santhanam opens up about his childhood, break in TV and life...Tell us about your childhood. Were you very naughty?I am from Pozhichalur in Chennai. My mother used to tell that I was 'a vaalu' (very naughty). In fact, a dialogue which I used was taken from what my mom used to say. On my street, there were three or four children in every home except mine \u00e2\u20ac\u201d I was the only child. My mother used to say, \"Others in the world who have so many kids are all fine but I am suffering with just one!\" (Laughs) That's the dialogue I used in Boss Engira Baskaran \u00e2\u20ac\u201d \"Guys with 10 or 15 friends are all happy...\" I think this one dialogue shows childhood nature! I used to be very playful, witty and talk a lot. My father was in the construction business and he had a group of 25-year-olds working for him. And I used to be friends with them and 'kalaaichify' them all the time. Perhaps that's how my sense of humour developed.Were you a good student? Did you get scolded in school?No, no.We say 'last bencher' right? I was the last person on the last seat of the last row of the last bench. (Laughs) Teachers used to scold me but many teachers liked me also. I used to keep cracking jokes. If a teacher comes to hit me, I used to say something funny and they'll start laughing instead of hitting me! One my teachers, Miss Suriya, tried her best to make me pass. She got a girl who was first in class to do combined studies with me \u00e2\u20ac\u201d she failed after getting together with me! (Laughs) Then her parents changed her to a different school. My teachers used to enroll me in all these competitions and culturals.Did you win any of these school competitions and culturals?No, I don't remember winning anything. But the audience used to enjoy everything but they never gave me any prize in school. Once they asked me to sing and I tried telling them I can't but they insisted. My dad also said since I wasn't any good at studies, I might as well do this. I never bothered to practice. I went to school and I ended up singing 'Jana Gana Mana'\u00e2\u20ac\u201d that was the only song I knew. The chief guest stood up and so did everyone else. And I ended up extending the national anthem! (Laughs) People used to enjoy my antics at school but I was weak at studies.You went on do a diploma in Electronics and Communication...Are you asking me how I managed to pass school and get into college? (Laughs) As soon as I started the course, relatives and friends on our street started bringing home mixers and TVs for repair! I had to tell that there was no relation between my course and this. I took up the course only because of pressure from my dad. I was very keen on going abroad to places like Dubai , UAE, for work. I passed it with a lot of difficulty as I had arrears.How did you get your break in television?I was working with a FMCG company in their service section. My uncle's friend was Balaji and he called me to help him with scripts in my free time. He really liked my inputs and he took me as part of Vetti Mandram and Picthadibadhi . I then did Sakalai vs Rakala and Lollu Sabha which had a very wide reach and was a big hit.And your break in films?Simbu liked my TV comedy show and called me for Manmadhan in 2004. And the rest is history.Currently, you are the top comedian and in fact, the only big comedian on the movie scene. Aren't you nervous?Definitely! Only then you have a healthy competition.But there's no competition for you currently in the comic space. Are you competing with heroes?(Laughs) Not like that. I am sure there will be other comedians who will flourish. The day my hard work and energy goes down, when I start to 'OB', I am sure there will be someone else who comes along. As long as I work hard, I think it'll be tough for other comedians.When Vadivelu was there, there was also a successful Vivekh.I had my entry into films when both of them were at the top but I never used to watch their films. The reason why I failed at school was because instead of looking at my paper, I was busying copying from someone else. That was a life lesson. (Laughs) Maybe from your perspective I seem to be the only top comedian now. I only focus on work and don't think about all these things.How do you come up with all these punch dialogues?I have a team of writers who have worked with me since my TV days. They continue to work with me. And we constantly think of how each character in every movie I do can be different. I ensure I don't use the catchphrases that Vivekh or Vadivelu have used as I want it to be different. Even the way I deliver my dialogues \u00e2\u20ac\u201d I make sure it has my distinctive style.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17526604", "title": "Court upholds land acquisition for power plant", "text": "CHENNAI: Taking note of the grim power situation in the state, and reiterating the need to commission pending power projects, the Madras high court has upheld the acquisition of more than 100 acres of land in Dharmapuri district for a power scheme.Justice V Dhanapalan, upholding the government's decision to invoke the urgency clause and dispense with inquiries, said, \"In view of the power crisis faced by the state, delaying the commissioning of the power grid project will definitely cause serious prejudice. The authorities have proceeded with the acquisition process only after hearing the objections of the landowners and taking into account the feasibility report. Therefore, dispensing with Section 5-A inquiry is justified.\"The matter relates to 122.91 acres of lands in Somanahalli and Pangunatham villages in Dharmapuri, where a substation was to be established by the Power Grid Corporation . The acquisition process started in March 2011, as the sub-station was scheduled to be commissioned in March 2013. It was necessary to evacuate power generated from two private power producers in Tuticorin.While the authorities dispensed with a round of inquiry proceedings by invoking Section 5-A of the Land Acquisition Act, the landowners challenged the notification on grounds such as low compensation package, bypassing inquiry proceedings and failure to consider alternative sites for acquisition.Justice Dhanapalan, said, \"taking into consideration the fact that the government and the public will be benefited by it, the government invoked urgency in view of the fact that the power crisis faced by the state is alarming.\" He added, \"This is a case where public interest, urgency in implementation of the time-bound project, power crisis in the state and nation are involved, and hence inquiry under Section 5-A is not mandatory.\"The objections of landowners had been taken into consideration and only thereafter the acquisition notifications were issued, he pointed out. He then dismissed the batch of writ petitions saying the invoking of the urgency clause was justified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17530567", "title": "Netherlands outplay Pakistan 5-2 to enter Champions Trophy final", "text": "MELBOURNE: Olympic silver medallists Netherlands on Saturday outplayed Pakistan 5-2 to enter the Champions Trophy final after six years.The Dutch, eight-time Champions Trophy title winners, dominated the semifinal throughout to surge into the final for the first time since they won the title in 2006 in Spain.Livewire striker Billy Bakker opened the scoring with a flash strike in the second minute and added another goal in similar manner in the 32nd minute to give Netherlands a 3-1 lead at the interval.Severiano van Ass (20th minute) scored the other Dutch goal in the first session, while Pakistan reduced the lead after Netherlands conceded an own-goal.Field goals from Valentin Verga (46th minute) and Robbert Kemperman (61st) put the game beyond the reach of Pakistan, who got a consolation goal in the last minute through Shakeel Abbasi.Netherlands now await the winner of the second semifinal between defending champions Australia and India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17528450", "title": "Is policing strong enough along the coastal belt?", "text": "A lot needs to be done as far as coastal policing is concerned. Although laws are on paper, the concerned authorities including the police move at a snail's pace to book the culprits. Noise pollution, drugs, violation of CRZ rules etc continue unabated despite men in khaki moving around.Shakuntala Mesquita Social activist, ColvaPolice security in coastal belt is not strong enough. It needs to be strengthened since the tourist season has begun and there will be thousands of tourists flocking the state to welcome the new year. The police-public meetings are a good idea since police need cooperation from the people to maintain security. Also, Goa being a international tourist destination, security should be taken very seriously as there is always the threat of a terrorist attack and over the last several years many crimes have been taking place in Goa.Mahesh Rane Filmmaker, MapusaSecurity has to be improved along the coastal belt as this area attracts a large number of tourists. Most of the tourists coming to Goa visit Bardez and considering the number and, in certain cases, the type of tourists, there should be extra force deployed along the coastal belt in North Goa. Besides, there is so much happening in the coastal areas, that there is need for police to keep a close watch on such activities. Traffic police are also required to regulate the large number of vehicles bringing in the tourists. The open meeting planned between the police and public will help the police know what problems people face in the coastal belt.Claudia D'Souza Lecturer, NagoaMost cops in the coastal areas take advantage of their position to make money. Tourists are mostly victims of this behaviour and are harassed. The police need to perform their duties properly and be more helpful.Leon Fernandes Student, Mapusa", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17526930", "title": "Sports Day at DPS Vasant Kunj", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Public School Vasant Kunj's Annual Sports Day, Jashn-e-Bachpan, was held on the school premises on Friday.The principal, Bindu Sehgal, welcomed the gathering that included special guest Dr Harpreet Wasir, senior cardiologist at Medanta Hospital.Young students from the school cheered jubilantly as the festivities kicked off with a march past, followed by Surya Namaskar performed by the students on a fine, sunny morning.Dr Wasir, a parent and an alumnus of the school, addressed the assembly and took the opportunity to remember the late principal Vinay Kumar.The festivities included drills like Martial Arts and a display of Musical Gymnastics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15085351", "title": "Maruti crisis: Subsidiaries take a beating post-unrest", "text": "GURGAON: The shutdown at the Maruti plant in Manesar, after Wednesday's unrest, is estimated to be costing the company Rs 90 crore every day. It has already been two days since operations here first came to a halt, and according to the company's latest statement, there is still no certainty as to when the production will finally resume.Losses are piling up, and particularly so for the great many small-scale subsidiaries in the region, who have had to downsize production as the orders from their biggest buyer in the IMT have completely dried up.Out of the 2,020 industrial units in the Industrial Model Township (IMT), about 40 of them depend on Maruti for sustenance.\"Most of these units cater directly to Maruti. And it would be disastrous for the area if this plant was to shut down,\" said Manmohan Gaind of the Manesar Industrial Welfare Association. Maruti follows what is known as the 'just-in-time' production strategy when it comes to buying automobile components. This means that orders are placed on a short-term day-to-day basis, and even a minor halt in operations can impact the whole small-scale sector.Industrialist Anil Anand owns a subsidiary, Avlight Automotives, that supplies mainly to Maruti. He has had to downsize production by 50 due to this two-day shutdown. \"We supply plastic parts for radiators, airconditioners and mirrors used in Maruti vehicles. There has been a total stoppage of orders from the plant. Losses are huge, but they will only be reflected in the long run,\" he said.Labour troubles at the Manesar plant of Maruti are nothing new. Last year too, the production lines at the unit came to a standstill at three different times. Dinesh Yadav, the owner of DSC Auto Engineering, another subsidiary, incurred over Rs 16 lakh in losses during last year's shutdowns.\"There were three major strikes in one year, and 100 of our business depended on Maruti. The losses were big,\" he said. Yadav's firm made engine and gear parts for Maruti, but today, a lion's share of his business comes from elsewhere.\"Now we mainly supply to Honda . And we have reduced the supply to Maruti by 60 because of the recurrent troubles at their plant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17528131", "title": "12-year-old swallowed alive by crocodile in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: A 12-year-old boy was allegedly swallowed alive by a monster-sized crocodile at the National Chambal Sanctuary in Madhya Pradesh's Bhind district on Thursday evening. The boy was accompanied by his father when he was snatched away by the crocodile, forest officers said.The incident took place around 4 pm at Barhi village when the boy was drinking water from the river. \"Police said the boy's father and some railway employees working nearby tried to save him. But the crocodile dragged the child away,\" a forest officer said. The victim has been identified as Imran Khan . His father, Hafeez Khan, was standing a short distance away from the river when the incident took place.This is the third such incident in the area in the last five years. More than 500 crocodiles were found in the last census, officers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17526667", "title": "Contempt case filed against NIA", "text": "INDORE: Anandrak Kataria, accused in RSS pracharak Sunil Joshi murder case, has filed a contempt case against National Investigation Agency (NIA) with the Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh high court on Friday.Contempt petition has charged NIA deputy superintendent of police (DSP) Devendra Singh and inspector Vipin Kumar, both posted in Delhi, for serving illegal notice and not following the set procedures of law.Advocate for the petitioner, Virendra Khadav alleged NIA is not following the set procedure of law and they are carrying out investigation in illegally.\"Several complaints had been filed against NIA officials and they had also accepted their fault in court. Despite the order of court for following set legal procedure the officials are not concernec,\" Khandav said.He said Anandraj Kataria is a chargesheeted accused in the case, which is pending with the special NIA court in Bhopal . But NIA is still carrying out investigation and harassing the accused by summoning them again and again against the rule.Elaborating about the gross violation of rule by NIA officials, Khandav said in April, NIA had served a notice to accused Anand under section 160 of CrPc asking him to appear in Delhi for interrogation.\"Section 160 of CrPc is for the witness to appear and give their statement. Here, Anand is accused and this section is not applicable,\" Khandav said, adding two notices were served to Anand under section 41A (1) of CrPc on October 2011 and December 2012.\"Last notice on December 4 asked Anand to appear for questioning the same day in Indore,\" Khandav said.He added section 41A(1) is for the suspected accused but in this Anand, who is a chargesheted accused is served same notice.\"Earlier, several complaints have been filed against NIA. Last year, a petition was filed with MPHC following which NIA has accepted in court that they served wrong notice. Court directed to follow the rule and procedure. But NIA did not follow the court order and continued with serving illegal notice,\" Khandav said, adding that finally they filed a contempt petition.RSS pracharak Sunil Joshi was murdered in May 2007. MP police investigated the matter and filed chargesheet at Dewas court in January 2011 in which Anandraj Kataria was made accused. Trial begins in the case and after sometime, Anand got the bail. Later in May 2011, central government handed over the case to NIA which registered a case number 8/2011 and transferred the trial to special NIA court in Bhopal.NIA interrogated Anand several time in jail, and he was served with several notice after getting bail, which lawyer of accused termed illegal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "17526129", "title": "Cash transfer of food subsidy irks Tripura", "text": "AGARTALA: The Tripura government has sought clarification over direct transfer of food subsidy in cash to ration card holders, which is all set to come into effect from January 1, 2013.Tripura food and civil supplies minister Manik Dey said here on Friday that the Left Front has been opposing the proposal because it would break down the public distribution system (PDS).To check leakage and diversions, an alternate model of direct transfer of food subsidy in cash to consumers has been proposed by the Centre and Leftists had made an alternative proposal of ensuring supply of essentials up to the doorsteps of common people though PDS, but it has been ignored.\"Four poor districts of Tripura among 51 have been selected for the pilot phase of the programme that is termed as anti-people and against the fundamental principle of our Constitution,\" said Dey.He added, \"If PDS subsidy is withdrawn, the markets will open up and there will be no restriction of price even in ration shops and price can't be controlled that will further increase the sufferings of poor people.\"At a time, when the Leftists' are demanding universal coverage of PDS and bring 14 basic essential commodities like edible oil, pulses, detergent powder, soaps, spices, exercise books for students, toothpaste and cheap cloth under PDS, the Congress-led government gradually opens up the cap.He, however, criticized National Food Security (NFS) draft bill and stated it is against the interests of the poor and the middle class as it would weaken the PDS and demanded to revoke the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17527869", "title": "Cops conduct mock drill at Cantt bank", "text": "KANPUR: In light of the sensational robbery at Nirala Nagar branch of Bank of Baroda, the police conducted a mock security drill at Cantonment branch of State Bank of India here on Friday.The aim of the drill was to check the security preparedness of the bank. \"Now we cannot leave security completely to banks. In the backdrop of the Bank of Baroda robbery, it is very important for the police to cross-check the security arrangements at the banks. Through such mock drills, we will come to know what banks lack and what can be done to ward off criminal activities in and around the premises.The status of each and every security gadget installed within the premises of the bank was thoroughly checked during the drill,\" said DIG Amitabh Yash. \"Though the bank is located in the highly guarded Cantt area, we chose this spot as there is public presence all the time,\" said another police official while talking to TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17526673", "title": "Doctor arrested for molesting a minor rape victim", "text": "INDORE: A 52-year-old doctor was arrested for molesting a minor rape victim who went to him for medical check-up in Khargone here on Friday.The accused doctor Sawant Solanki was arrested immediately and booked under relevant sections of the IPC. He is posted in the civil hospital in Khargone where the girl went for a routine medical check up.The officiating Superintendent of Police (SP), Khargone RC Burra confirmed that the doctor has been arrested.As per the SP, Reena (name changed), 15, went to the government hospital along with a constable Jagannath Pandey and her mother for getting a X-ray done. Her medical check up for confirmation of rape was done in Maheshwar but local doctors suspected her age and sent her to the civil hospital in Khargone.\"Constable Pandey and his mother left Reena in the room with the doctor and went outside,\" said Satrapal Singh Parihar, in-charge of Khargone police station. He further said that the doctor told the patient to lie on a bed for the x-ray. \"Subsequently, the ill-intended doctor began molesting the girl,\" said Parihar adding that the girl screamed for help.As soon, they heard Reena screaming, constable Pandey and the victim's mother rushed to the doctor's chamber to rescue the girl. The accused doctor Solanki reportedly thrashed the constable also, said the official.Police have booked the accused doctor under section 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty), 354 (assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty), 332 (voluntarily causing hurt to deter public servant from his duty) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC and arrested him immediately.Reena had gone missing and came back a week ago. The police had registered a case of rape against the boy with whom she had eloped as the girl was a minor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17528604", "title": "North Karnataka issues take a backseat in House", "text": "BELGAUM: The first three days of the legislature session have come as a big disappointment to the people of North Karnataka as none of the important issues of that region have been addressed so far in both the Houses.Issues such as Kalasa-Banduri nala project, drought, Upper Krishna project third phase took a backseat with the state government preoccupied with the Cauvery water release issue.As it was the maiden session being held in Suvarna Vidhana Soudha for the first time, a large number of people from Bijapur, Gulbarga, Raichur, Gadag, Haveri and other distant places of North Karnataka turned up to witness the session's proceedings.This is the third session being held in Belgaum after 2006 and 2012. People hit by the drought, which was the worst in the last 43 years, were looking for some assurance from the government.On the sugarcane issue, the government was forced to take it up for discussion as a large number of cane farmers tried to picket Suvarna Soudha seeking SAP (state advisory price).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17526380", "title": "On Day 1, NIDian bags 38 lakh annual package", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The campus placements at National Institute of Design (NID) started on Friday. In Ahmedabad campus, more than 100 students and 32 companies are participating in the process. The highest package of Rs 38 lakh was bagged by a student of product design who will join Toshiba Japan. The process will continue for another two days.The NID officials said that for the first time, they have integrated student portfolios with the placement and industry interface website where the prospective employers can review the work of the students.Talking about the initiative, students' placement officer at NID, Sujitha Nair said that world over, the design schools have started the practice of putting up students' work in form of searchable portfolios that can be accessed by the design community and the industry.\"The portfolio not only gives the students international exposure but also showcases their creative outcomes and accomplishments. We pitched the idea with the students and faculties and they agreed to it enthusiastically. It took us five months to collate up to 500 online portfolios in searchable format and linked it with our industry interface webpage. Thus, the company officials can directly search the name of the applicant and see his or her work even before visiting the campus,\" she said. \"The initiative is a landmark as far as connecting industries and students is concerned,\" she added.On day one of the placements, representatives of Honda R&D; (India), Tata Consultancy Services , DDB Mudra, Maruti Suzuki , Samsung India Software, Tata Motors ,Titan Industriesand VIP Industries visited the campus.More than 100 students from various disciplines were interviewed, said an institute official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17528535", "title": "Govt suggests forming of ad-hoc committee to IOC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid the controversy over IOA's suspension, government on Friday suggested to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) that an \"adhoc\" committee \u00e2\u20ac\u201d comprising only eminent sportspersons \u00e2\u20ac\u201d be formed to look after the affairs of the national sports body. \"We are going to speak to various international bodies to work out an interim solution.We are going to suggest an adhoc committee comprising 10 eminent (Indian) sportspersons to be formed. What we are saying is that please put in place an interim measure,\" Sports Minister Jitendra Singh said at a press conference here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17526205", "title": "'Bindaas' Mumbai turns 'better safe than sorry'", "text": "MUMBAI: The devil-may-care attitude is being increasingly replaced by a no-confrontation one. Women in Mumbai find not taking a stand safer than confronting their oppressors.Vandana Saxena, a financial professional and resident of Malad (West) prefers not to lock horns with her housing society watchmen. \"I come from Delhi where you always look over your shoulder. In Mumbai I learnt to relax even when I was out late. Several months ago I had an argument with my watchman after he refused to call for an auto early morning telling me 'Yeh hamara kaam nahin hai'. But after the Wadala murder which was all over the news, I steer clear of watchmen,'' she said. Saxena said she was wary because the watchmen know what time she comes and goes. Her husband works late hours and is constantly travelling. \"They know when I am alone. I am so scared I don't think it's worth standing up even when I am in the right. It's like Delhi all over again,'' she said.Women such as Geeta Wadekar, who would admonish urchins, beggars, teenage boys for boarding the ladies first class compartment no longer do so. \"Nowadays, I rarely scream at these people to get off the train and if I do, for the next couple of weeks I simply stop going by that train. I either take an earlier train or a later one. And I even get off at the next station as I am afraid I will be pushed off the train or worse have acid thrown on my face,'' she said.Sandhya Gokhale, member of the Forum Against Oppression of Women said it is not just women, Mumbai's increasing crime graph means that even men do not want to confront anyone on the road. \"Thirty years ago when we used to confront hooligans, there were occasions when passers-by would support us. But the situation has changed. The government is spineless and the police do not take any action. I also blame other political parties such as the Shiv Sena and the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena whose activists brazenly attack ordinary citizens and the government bends over backwards for them instead of protecting citizens,'' she said.For women there is the added burden of sexual assault, she said. \"It is 20 years since the Babri demolition and not a single policeman has been brought to book though the Srikrishna Commission indicted 30. It's going to get only worse because there is no justice,'' said Gokhale.The situation has even changed how women socialise with their friends. Sabita Mascarenhas, an Andheri resident is learning Latino dances at a dance school in Lokhandwala and every Thursday she attends the dance sessions at pubs in Lower Parel or South Mumbai organised by the school. But she buys her own drink. \"I do not accept drinks served on the house nor do I accept drinks offered by my dance partners,'' she said.Professor S Parasuraman, director, Tata Institute of Social Sciences said the distinction between the haves and have-nots had intensified over the last decades. \"There is more joblessness amongst men and the difficult living conditions have fuelled behaviour unknown to Mumbai. We are seeing an increasing trend in the slums where the women are out at work while the men are without jobs. It has also become far more competitive giving rise to a certain kind of behaviour that is detrimental to women,\" he said.While there is an urgent need to tackle joblessness and improve living conditions, people also need to re-organise themselves as a community. \"Housing societies need to create spaces for neighbours to interact, to get to know each other and help each other. Often, crimes happen because the perpetrators are aware that neighbours are not aware of each other,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531649", "title": "Cheryl slaps X Factor with 1.4m pound lawsuit", "text": "Cheryl Cole has sued 'The X Factor' for 1.4 million pounds over her ruthless sacking from the US version of show last year.The Girls Aloud singer wants to be paid the earnings she missed out on after she was fired from Simon Cowell's talent show, the Sun reported.She was paid 1.1 million pounds for the first series despite only completing auditions in two cities, Los Angeles and Chicago .But the lawsuit filed in the US against Blue Orbit Productions complains she was promised a second series too and was never paid for that.Cole said that she was also promised 62,000 pounds for clothes each season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17528229", "title": "BJP determined to win South Goa Lok Sabha seat", "text": "MARGAO: Determined to wrest the South Goa Lok Sabha seat from the Congress, the BJP is determined to make significant inroads into the traditional Congress votes in the Catholic-dominated constituency by wiping off its \"communal\" tag.\"It will be our endeavour to erase the impression among the minority communities that BJP is a communal party. In Salcete too, we will strive to build confidence among the people about the BJP,\" Subhash Phal Dessai said, while announcing the list of members elected to the South Goa district committee of the BJP.\"We have set primarily two targets for the committee - one, strengthening the party base in the district, and two, working towards bagging the Lok Sabha seat for the party. We are confident we will win with a good margin this time... We will strive to ensure that the benefits of the \"parivartan regime\" percolate to the grassroots through our party workers,\" Phal Dessai said.The new executive committee consists of four vice-presidents - Shekhar Khadapkar, Beena Narvekar, Kamlakant Naik and Maria Fernandes - and two posts of general secretary - Jayant Jadhav and Rupesh Mahatme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17527450", "title": "Artists give Lucknow Mahotsav a miss, leave fans disappointed", "text": "LUCKNOW: Visitors at Lucknow Mahotsav were disappointed when two artists, Devlina Pal and Rakesh Upadhyay who were scheduled to perform at the venue did not turn up on Friday. After three-day extension of Lucknow Mahotsav, the organising committee had finalised the name of these two artists along with Trishna Band.As per the organising committee, Rakesh Upadhyay did not turn up to the event because he went to Varanasi for another event.Devlina Pal was absent, as she was not satisfied with the money offered to her by the organisers of the Mahotsav, an official said. Secretary, Lucknow Mahotsav organising committee, RS Yadav said, \"The artists even did not inform us that they will not be able to make it. Like visitors, we came to know about it at the event. If we had known, we could have arranged the performance of some other artists.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17531980", "title": "Prabir Mukherjee unfazed by reports of N Srinivasan's pitch criticism", "text": "KOLKATA: Under-fire curator of the Eden Gardens, Prabir Mukherjee, on Saturday said he is not bothered about BCCI president N Srinivasan's reported unhappiness with the stadium's pitch for the ongoing third cricket Test in which England are in command against India.There's speculation that Mukherjee's days as Eden's curator would be over after India-Pakistan one-dayer on January 3 as CAB might go for another local man.Unhappy with the functioning of the outspoken Mukherjee, the Board supremo, in a brainstorming meeting on Friday, had reportedly asked CAB chief Jagmohan Dalmiya to make the 83-year-old fall in line or else get ready for a harsh step.Mukherjee, however, remained unperturbed. \"Let Srinivasan say whatever he wants to. I don't listen to him. I don't even speak to the (CAB) President before preparing a wicket. I act as per my knowledge of the wicket. I also don't read the newspaper reports. Let them write what they want,\" Mukherjee said this morning.Asked whether his days were numbered, Mukherjee said, \"It's a million dollar question.\"A CAB official, on condition of anonymity, had earlier divulged the details of the meeting that took place between Srinivasan and Dalmiya.\"He (Srinivasan) was very unhappy with the Eden strip and asked CAB to make Mukherjee fall in line or else 'sack' him. BCCI would be forced to take a harsh step against the association -- like not granting any match to this venue, Srinivasan told CAB,\" the official said.\"CAB was out of favour for a long time, and now after we have buried the hatchet with the BCCI, we cannot afford to take them on once again.\"Srinivasan even said that these sorts of wickets would not help India capitalise on home conditions and so that won't be tolerated. He said 'either convince him or sack him',\" the official added.The octogenarian had stirred up a controversy before the start of the third Test when he defied Dhoni's demand for a turner as the Board rushed in East Zone grounds and pitch committee representative Ashish Bhowmick to \"assist\" Mukherjee.Mukherjee had called Dhoni \"immoral and unethical\" for asking for a rank-turner. Mukherjee had even asked for a written order from the BCCI to make a customised pitch.Incidentally CAB is in a fix on whether to remove him as there's no suitable replacement available to handle the day-to-day affairs of the pitch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17528524", "title": "Anjuna sarpanch, panch lodge plaints after duel", "text": "MAPUSA: The sarpanch and a panch member of the Anjuna village panchayat have filed complaints against each other for assault and wrongful restraint. Incidentally, during the recent gram sabha, there was a heated discussion between the two.Pratima Govekar, sarpanch of Anjuna-Caisua village panchayat and a resident of Zorvaddo in Anjuna, complained that on Thursday at about 4.30pm, the accused, Sheetal Dabholkar, who is a ward member of the Anjuna panchayat, entered her office while she was discharging her official duties and rushed to assault her. Govekar further said that Dabholkar started threatening her and used foul language against her.In another complaint, panch Dabholkar, who is a resident of Dhabolvaddo in Chapora, complained that on Thursday at 4.15pm, the accused Patrick Savio Almeida and Pratima Govekar, deputy sarpanch and sarpanch respectively, with their common intention allegedly wrongfully restrained her and Suhani Govekar, another panch member when they had gone to the office of the panchayat to inspect some documents and further abused and threatened them with dire consequence. Police registered offences under Sections 341, 504, 506 (ii) and 353 of IPC and are further investigating the case.During the gram sabha on November 25, there were almost clashes between the sarpanch and the panch. Dhabolkar had objected to holding of the gram sabha on a day of fasting. November 25 was the day of 'Tulsi Vivah', where Hindu women had to observe a fast with a ceremony to be conducted at their residences. There were heated arguments exchanged over this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17528982", "title": "She made Pakistan take notice of acid attacks", "text": "MUMBAI: \"Every country has its problems. I strongly believe we should talk about our problems,\" said Pakistani documentary filmmaker Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy. At the TOI Literary Carnival, she spoke with great optimism about the role cultural activism can play in shaping a society. The 34-year-old already has 10 hard-hitting documentaries behind her, including Saving Face, which dwells on acid attacks on women and won her an Oscar.Her session was moderated by Pragya Tiwari, editor in chief of the Big Indian Picture, who identified Chinoy as \"a very strong voice against cynicism\" . Chinoy for her part made it clear that through her work she wants to help shape things. And shape things she does. Saving Face prompted lawmakers in the Pakistani province of Punjab to identify acid attacks under terror crimes. \"Among other things, this means that acid attack cases get fasttracked in courts and justice is delivered with swiftness,\" Chinoy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "tura", "code": "17526373", "title": "Tourist footfalls elude Tura", "text": "TURA: Tura, the second significant hill town in Meghalaya after Shillong .All these wonders of nature, however, go largely unnoticed as this beautiful spot does not find mention in any tourist brochure whatsoever.In fact, the irony is that it is easier to find Chinese cuisine in Tura than authentic Garo dishes.\"People cook and have ethnic food in their own houses and therefore, perhaps, they never think of opening up local eateries for the public in general,\"thinks Sonachi Sangma, a young entrepreneur, who plans to set up an 'ethnic eatery' to cater to the local populace as well as the few tourists who happen to \"drop in\" in the nature-cradled Garo Hills.It actually took a para-glider from the Meghalaya Para Gliders' Association to swoop down onto the otherwise sleepy township, to bring it \"closer to the world\" on a comfortable winter afternoon on Wednesday.The para-gliding even was part of a showbiz marking the opening of the gala 'Ahaia Winter Festival' at Tura, organized by the state government in collaboration with several Non Governmental Organizations.As a Garo grandmother looked up to the skies, even as she was treating her grandchildren to a humble lunch at one of the numerous food joints in the Tura Bazar, there were signs of hope in the air.\"Very few tourists visit our place,\" says Sengman Marak, an auto-rickshaw driver, who struggles to find \"paying passengers\". \"I mean, passengers are not willing to shell out much and that is the reason why we have a difficult time,\" he explains, even as he rues, \"Only if we had enough tourists in town\".\"We have Pelga-Dre, one of the most heart-wetting water falls in the world; but no body knows about it. Yes we have not been able to promote the Garo Hills as a tourist destination,\" admits a young officer in the information and public relations department of the state.Nevertheless, realizing the potential of tourism, the state government has of late been embarking upon numerous festivals with the onset of winter, to seduce in tourists to the warm, enchanting, ancient and beautifully serene Garo Hills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527451", "title": "Try to house homeless in unused govt buildings: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Friday wondered if empty, unused government buildings can be utilized to temporarily house the urban homeless.A division bench of Chief Justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw said the Delhi government may consider the suggestion. It was taking stock of preparations by authorities to accommodate the homeless and protect them from the biting winters.HC also asked the state government to shift the temporary night shelters for the home less and the poor closer to places where they work. It allowed an NGO's plea that the shelters are far from their workplaces and they should be set up closer to their work places so that they can use them during winter.\"The night shelters should be need based,\" the bench said while hearing the government's arguments that a total of 150 shelters, including 64 permanent ones, have been set up as per the Master Plan of Delhi (MPD) 2021. According to MPD, one shelter is required to be set up for five lakh people in the city and the arrangements have to be made but some of the shelters have not been adequately occupied.Even as it asked the government to ensure the homeless get shelter, HC also asked it to pay DDA the cost of land allotted by it to set up permanent shelters.Urging HC to issue strict orders, the NGO Shahri Adhikar Manch Begharon Ke Liye had earlier alleged the authorities have failed to provide even basic amenities for the poor and the shelters are not fit for living in as even the toilets of these night shelters are not working and they are \"stinking.\"In December 2010, the court had taken suo motu cognisance of a media report about demolition of a night shelter set up by the NGO and civic bodies and doing nothing to protect the homeless from the biting cold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17527837", "title": "Usual suspects bid for new road tender", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC's attempt to attract reputed companies to improve the quality of roads has flopped yet again. The same old contractors who stand accused of shoddy work, responded to the Rs 530 crore road tender floated to improve the roads of the island city.On Friday, when the A-packet of the tender (the pre-qualification stage) was opened, the BMC found it contained the names of the old contractors.The administration had floated four bulk tenders, two for resurfacing asphalt roads, worth Rs 148 crore and Rs 127 crore. Two more tenders were floated for rebuilding cement concrete roads worth Rs 117 crore and Rs 137 crore. In all six contractors responded to the tenders.Civic sources said the roads constructed by these contractors in the past were poorly executed and the administration had levied penalties on them when the roads developed potholes.Some of them were downgraded for inferior quality work and there are inquiries pending against them. The BMC, which received flak from the public for the poor quality of roads, later came out with stringent tender conditions. This was to weed out the smaller contractors. The administration also stipulated that quality monitoring devices be installed on their machineries, which these contractors failed to fulfil.\"The tenders will be awarded only when the financial bids are opened. But from the bids that were opened on Friday it is clear that they will be awarded to the same contractors and there has been no new entry in the competition,\" said a senior civic official.Two companies, Mahavir and R K Constructions, showed interest for the cement concrete road tender worth Rs 117. They filled the tender as a joint venture. The other company is RPS Infra. R K Madhani is the only contractor who has bid for cement concrete tenders worth Rs 137 crore.For asphalt roads worth Rs 148 crore the BMC received two bids from RPS Infra and Prakash Engineering as a joint venture and the other company is Supreme Infrastructure.The other Rs 127 crore asphalt work contracts the BMC has received only one bid a joint venture between Relcon and Mahavir constructions.The civic body's plan to have reputed companies to built city roads also flopped when the tenders worth Rs 365 crore for building roads in the western suburbs were also bagged by the same old coterie of contractors.Highly-placed sources said that reputed companies stay away from BMC contracts because of corruption and a well-entrenched nexus among civic administration officials, corporators and politically-connected private contractors. \"Contractors with dubious reputation have edged out a number of reputed construction firms from bidding for civic projects worth crores of rupees,'' civic sources said. Even well-established companies were not interested in these projects due to \"unnecessary'' procedural wrangles, red tape and rampant corruption, they observed.These important projects include cement concreting of roads, construction of hospitals, hostels, staff quarters and dispensaries, structures for water supply and sewerage pumping stations, reservoirs, tunnels, bridges and underground subways. \"`There is absolutely no transparency in the manner in which these projects are approved by the BMC,'' they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17526438", "title": "Backyard kitchens serve poll armies", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It's election time and cooks are busy in political offices. We are not talking about senior leaders cooking up last minute political strategies but the large-scale community kitchens that both BJP and the Congress have set up in their state headquarters here to maintain their workers' momentum.Following the saying that no army can march on an empty stomach, the parties have pulled out all stops to feed the leaders and workers good breakfast, lunch, dinner, apart from unlimited snacks and tea.In BJP, the community kitchen is run by multiple cooks who feed at least 250 people daily. Apart from this supply of snacks like theplas, gota, khaman, fulvadi and dal wada is inexhaustible and on the house. Lunch consists of complete Gujarati meal - dal, bhat, rotli, shak and one sweet.\"The meals are both Gujarati and Punjabi. Special attention is paid when national leaders are visiting. There is no cap on the food one person can eat. We offer stomach-full to everybody,\" said a BJP party official.The Congress too has started a community kitchen in its backyard where a posse of cooks churn out meals for 300 odd workers. The staple snacks here are bhajiyas, dal wada, fulwadi and tea. Dinner includes khichdi-kadhi.Workers say that while meals cooked here are vegetarian, internal meetings between leaders call for non-vegetarian fare which is ordered from the eateries outside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17528112", "title": "Soon, Apna Ghar to get more, better security", "text": "PANAJI: The security at Apna Ghar, a shelter home for delinquents and destitute children at Merces, is set to be tightened, in compliance with a High Court directive. The department of women and child development has moved a proposal to the government for outsourcing an agency to provide security at the institute.This proposal includes provisions for seven security personnel, two ladies' searchers and one supervisor. The Apna ghar witnessed four incidents of escapes by its inmates this year, and was compelled to have a re-check of its setup, in Merces.The director of women and child development, Sunil Masurkar, said that the file has been put up before the department's secretary and that they have moved ahead in hiring an agency following the government's approval.Currently, Apna Ghar has 99 inmates, 61 girls and 38 boys, but have just three security personnel.Masurkar conceded that security arrangements at Apna Ghar are inadequate and they have expedited the process for hiring an agency.In a suo motu public interest litigation, the Bombay High Court at Panaji had directed the department to either deploy police personnel, or outsource an agency, to have tight security so that incidents of escapes by inmates are stopped.An inquiry report tabled in the Assembly in June had revealed that inmates who managed to run away had the blessings of some of the employees at Apna ghar. He had made several recommendations to improve living conditions at Apna ghar, in addition to having more security.The department has complied with some of the recommendations. The staff has been transferred, disciplinary action has been taken against those indicted in Levinson Martins enquiry report. There were a lot of complaints from inmates about poor infrastructure as also food served.The PWD has been already been directed to put in order infrastructure and conduct detailed study of the structure to carry out necessary repairs works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17526609", "title": "Heart surgeons for implants that disappear in body", "text": "CHENNAI: Small medical devices \u00e2\u20ac\u201d such as stents, shuts and prostheses \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that do their job and can then dissolve inside the body are the most sought after by surgeons, said Geneva-based cardiac surgeon Dr Afksendyios Kalangos, who is on a visit to Chennai.Dr Kalangos, who has developed an absorbable ring that surgeons can leave behind when repairing heart valves, said such devices not only heal the wound but also keep infections at bay. Earlier, heart surgeons at Apollo Hospitals and Madras Medical Mission had used absorbable stents for adults with blocked blood vessels.Dr Kalangos helped doctors implant absorbable rings, called annuloplasty rings, in two children at Frontier Lifeline on Friday.Until now, surgeons and medical companies were working to manufacture devices that were stable and would last long. \"It's the reverse now. We want devices to vanish as soon as they have done their job,\" he said. He has been using absorbable rings since 2005 and has a success rate of more than 99% in the last seven years. \"We don't have adequate information on how better it is from traditional methods, but we know there are advantages,\" he said.The ring isn't available in India yet, but would soon be launched keeping in mind the purchasing power, he said. \"It could cost as much as a valve, which is around 40,000,\" he said.In India, many children suffer from rheumatic heart diseases. Some years ago, doctors would replace this valve with an artificial one. Now, they prefer repair instead of replacement.\"If we replaced a valve, children would have to go under the scalpel repeatedly, because their heart grows, but the valve doesn't,\" said cardiac surgeon Dr K M Cherian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17528898", "title": "Bhubaneswar airport seeks more staff in 5 depts", "text": "Bhubaneswar: The Biju Patnaik airport authorities have written to the Union civil aviation department seeking an increase in the number of staff. In view of international operation, which is scheduled to begin here from March next year, the airport needs more employees in five departments namely air traffic control (ATC), communication and navigational surveillance (CNS), terminal management, fire services and central industrial security force (CISF). \"We have written to the secretary, civil aviation. We need more staff in five essential areas, which come under operation. At present, we don't need more staff in the administrative wing,\" said Sharad Kumar, director, Biju Patnaik airport. He said the airport needed 30% increase in the number of CISF men while a minimum of 15% increase is necessary in the four other departments. At present, there are 15 personnel handling ATC in three shifts. Once international operation begins, there will be four shifts. Similarly, for managing the terminal, there are only three officers, but at least 10 officers will be neded from March. In the fire services sector, there are about 29 employees to man three Crash Fire Tenders (CFT) against the sanctioned strength of 46 employees. There are 221 CISF personnel against sanctioned strength of 230. This needs to increase to 300, the director added.Assistant general manager (airport traffic) H J Parmar said Bhubaneswar airport comes under category-7 in terms of fire services need. \"We may need 12 additional fire fighting personnel for night operations between December 15 and February 15,\" he said, adding since Bhubaneswar has been made an alternative airport for Kolkata-bound flights during fog season, additional personnel is a must for round the clock duty. He added that though normal operations get over by 10.30 pm, more staff are needed for night duties in view of diversion of flights. These apart, the CNS wing, which provides navigational aids, is yet to come up with the exact staff requirement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17527779", "title": "Taps run dry in Hazaribag", "text": "Hazaribag: Hazaribag was going without drinking water for the past 60 hours. The local PHE authorities said normal water supply would be restored from Friday morning as it took at least eight to 10 hours to pump the water to fill up the reservoir. The worst sufferers were the common man and small businessmen as they had no means to install generator sets. Since Wednesday afternoon, when a large number of weddings took place in and around Hazaribag,People had to run from pillar to post to hire generators paying exorbitant tariff. Still, there was acute shortage of generators in town.Pratap Jain and Ranjan Kumar Jain, president and secretary of the North Chotonagpur Chamber of Commerce and Industries, welcomed the decision of the JSEB chairman to hand over power distribution to the private companies. \"This was the most positive sign and will help smooth distribution of power to the consumers which will help industrial production and uninterrupted power supply,\" Pratap said.Claiming that handing over the distribution of power supply to private parties will check corruption, Jain demanded that the JSEB should hand over the power distribution to the private parties in the state and teach a lesson to the \"corrupt employees who never render services without taking money from the consumers\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17527821", "title": "Two more villages ban open defecation", "text": "RANCHI: Two more villages in Jharkhand have banned defecation in check outbreak of water-borne diseases like diarrhoea and cholera.Lahna panchyat in Ratu block unanimously decided at Friday's gram sabha to ban the practice and slap fine of Rs 151 on each defaulter. Besides, anyone who defies the directive will be publicly humiliated in the gram sabha. Lahna is the third panchayat in the state to ban the practice in last six months. About 20% children in Jharkhand die due to diarrhoea every year, according to Unicef data. Even though they have toilets in their houses several villagers tend to defecate in the open.Principal secretary, department of drinking water and sanitation, Sudhir Prasad, said, \"If more people (panchyats) follow suit, deaths due to diseases borne out of poor sanitation would go down.\" The move will also help about 90% daily wage earners in Mariyatu and Ekaguri villages, who fall sick frequently and lose on wages. \"Families have to face hunger in cases of prolonged sickness of the earner in the family,\" said Dashrath Pahan, the pradhan (head) Mariyatu village. Budhwa Pahan head of Ekaguri village agreed. Lahna comprises two villages, Mariyatu and Ekaguri, which have 107 families. Mukhiya Shilvanti Devi said the campaigns of Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan have helped people construct toilets in their houses.All the 58 households in Mariyatu and 49 in Ekaguri have their own toilets. Ranchi is one of the districts which have done well in sanitation. Since 2008, a total of 11 panchayats in the district have been awarded Nirmal Gram Puraskar by the Prime Minister for attaining 100% sanitation.Ravindra Bohra, Jharkhand coordinator for Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan, said a large number of toilets in Jharkhand villages are used as store-houses and not as toilets. \"Old habits will die slowly. A similar ban of open defecation in Lohardaga's Bhatkhijri panchayat has resulted in 90% compliance in five months. The same thing would happen here,\" Bohra added.A total of 1.41 lakh individual house hold latrines have been constructed in Ranchi under Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan since 2003. The Jharkhand government gives Rs 9000 as financial benefit to a beneficiary, including BPL and APL, to construct latrine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17528721", "title": "Mamata Banerjee to skip rights body's event", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee will not attend the International human rights day event, to be organized by the West Bengal Human Rights Commission (WBHRC) on December 10. While Chief Justice of India Altams Kabir has confirmed his presence at the event to be held at the Calcutta high court auditorium, the chief minister's office has written to the commission that Mamata would not be able to attend the programme.\"We have got an official confirmation from the Chief Justice of India that he would attend the function,\" said WBHRC chairperson Justice Asok Kumar Ganguly.The Chief Minster's office had received the invitation card from the commission on Tuesday. Though she was expected to deliver the presidential speech, there was speculation that the CM would give the function a miss. Now, it is official that Mamata will not be present and Kabir will be the key speaker at the programme. \"We have already informed the commission office that the CM will not be able to attend the programme,\" said an official of CM's office.Though the CM's office has cited preoccupation as the reason, human rights activists see this as the CM turning her back to the commission. The commission from time to time has given several recommendations on human rights issues that have not gone down well with the government. In fact, Mamata had publicly shown her displeasure over the commission's action on several issues.\"Even if the CM cannot attend such important function personally, some cabinet representative is usually sent. But this time we have not been informed if such representative would be sent,\" said a commission source. Even as the invitation card by WBHRC has state health minister Chandrima Bhattacharya as one of the speakers, she too will not be attending it.\"As assembly session is on, I will be occupied and hence will not be able to attend the function,\" Bhattacharya told TOI.Last year also the CM had skipped the international human rights event as she was occupied with the AMRI issue since the fire broke out on December 9, a day before the event. But power minister Manish Gupta attended the event as a government representative.Since Ganguly took charge as the chairperson of the commission in April this year, the former Supreme Court judge has been prompt in taking up human rights issues. Some of the recommendations by the commission, including the one on the Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra cartoon case, have put the government in an uncomfortable position. A section of human rights activists had seen this December 10 function as a platform to minimize the growing discord between WBHRC and the government.\"The government's turning back to such international observation on human rights is nothing but declaring war on human rights issues. If it wants to regain people's faith and be seen as concerned about he rights of its people, it should implement all the 27 recommendations by the WBHRC,\" said Ranjit Sur, state secretariat member of Association for Protection of Democratic Rights (APDR).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17527059", "title": "Tobacco ad display invites health department\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s ire", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a drive against commercials of tobacco products in the city, the health department on Friday confiscated the advertisement/display material outside the Harry Hyperstore in Sector 26. The store was found to be violating Section 5 of COTPA rules wherein no such propaganda of cigarette brands is permitted.Dr Deepak Bakshi, nodal officer, tobacco control cell, UT, said the store had displayed cigarette packs right at the entrance and there was a big advertisement and boxes of a cigarette brand. All the material was confiscated by the officers of Sector 26 police station.The team also found two vending carts bearing the advertisement of the cigarette brand in the corridor which the vendors had abandoned. They disappeared on seeing the action being taken at the store.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17528539", "title": "Mining hits macro roadblock", "text": "PANAJI: In what could further delay resumption of mining operations in the state, the Supreme Court's (SC) central empowered committee (CEC), in its preliminary report on illegal mining in Goa filed in the SC on Friday, recommended a macro level environment impact assessment (EIA) before resumption of mining. It also stressed on the preparation of reclamation and rehabilitation (R&R;) plans as is being done in Karnataka.In a 110-page report, a copy of which is with TOI, CEC stated, \"Mining operations may be allowed to be resumed in the state of Goa by the mining leases not found to be involved in any illegalities only after, the macro level EIA study report of the Indian Council for Forestry Research and Education (ICFRE), Dehradun , is received by the SC and a decision regarding the taluka-wise ceiling on permissible annual production from all the mining leases is taken.\"CEC also said that mining should not resume till the survey and demarcation of mining leases by the team constituted by the SC is completed and the R&R; plans are prepared and lease-wise permissible annual production fixed after considering mineral availability.\"Resumption of mining operations by the mining leases found to be involved in illegalities including violation of Rule 37 (1), MCR, 1960 and working beyond the sanctioned mining lease boundaries may not be permitted till a decision regarding compensation payable by such lease holders is taken and complied with and the preparation and implementation of the R&R; plans is completed,\" the report by CEC member secretary MK Jiwraka said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17531077", "title": "DAVV will not postpone exams due to strike, says Vice chancellor", "text": "INDORE: In a major relief to students, Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya(DAVV) vice chancellor, Prof DP Singh, on Friday, announced that the ongoing semester exams would not be postponed following the indefinite strike of non-teaching employees, including dailywagers, that entered its fifth day on Friday.\"We will not let strike of the employees to take toll on semester exams. The exams will continue unaffected. If need be, we will make alternate arrangements to ensure hassle-free exams,\" Singh told reporters after holding a meeting with his sub-ordinates on Friday.The vice chancellor, who was unsure about the fate of exams till Thursday evening as university officers were also preparing to go on indefinite strike to push for their seven-point charter of demands, got a shot in the arm on Friday when Department of Higher Education(DHE) informed him that issues with the officers of state universities have been resolved and they may not go on stir.Moved by the information, the vice chancellor held meeting with university officers and chalked out strategy to ensure hassle-free exams.\"We will take help of teachers and the daily wage employees who are not members of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya Employees (non-teaching) Association in conduct of examinations,\" an officer said.On the DHE claims that the demands of officers of state universities have been accepted and they would not go on strike, the DAVV officer said that it was true that their talks with the DHE were fruitful but they had not shelved call of their indefinite strike till date.\"Until we receive an assurance in writing from the DHE on our demands, we will not call off the proposed indefinite strike,\" the officers added.The DAVV officers said that they would observe half day strike on Monday to press for their seven point charter of demands that include expansion of their cadre, timely promotions and timescale.Meanwhile, the university employees, whose talks with the DHE failed on Thursday, staged a day-long dharna on the RNT Marg campus.Employees Association president Anil Yadav said that their strike would continue until the state government accepts their justified demands.The demands of the employees include demand of regularisation of dailywagers, increase in medical allowance from Rs 500 per year to Rs 1000 and pension and graduity as per sixth pay scale recommendation to employees retired after Janurary 1, 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17528858", "title": "Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital uses siddha to treat dengue", "text": "COIMBATORE: To curtail dengue cases and provide an alternative solution to allopathy in fighting disease, dengue patients at the Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital will be administered Siddha medicines.On Friday the camps at the siddha units in the hospital were inaugurated by Pollachi V Jayaraman, deputy speaker, Tamil Nadu legislative assembly, in the presence of Coimbatore collector M Karunagaran and P Sukumaran, joint director, Medical and Rural Health Services, Coimbatore. Sukumaran said siddha medicines have been introduced at the government hospital based on the instruction of chief minister J Jayalalithaa. Dengue patients will be given nilavembu kudineer, papali leaf juice and malvembu kashayam.He said the decision was taken as there is no definitive medicine for treating viral fever and dengue and allopathy is just supportive treatment. Since siddha doctors have been claiming the efficacy of such medicine in treating the disease, it will be administered to patients at the government hospital. He said as part of the treatment 30 ml of Nilavembu Kudineer and 10 ml of Papali leaf juice would be given on a daily basis for five days. The medicines have properties that help reduce fever and increase platelet counts in patients.Talking about the advantages of Siddha medicines, K Mani, reader in botany, PSG college of arts and science, siddha medicines would work well or even better when compared to allopathic drugs.He said allopathic drugs target the viruses. It is very difficult to design a drug that would destroy only the virus but doesn't affect the human body. That is why there are no good anti-viral drugs in the market. To kill a bacterium is comparatively easier, as viruses are not living creatures. They are funny molecules that multiply just like living beings if a suitable host body is available. The only way to stop this process is to stop the host cell metabolism (metabolism of throat tissues in this case) which has the same goal. The drug should be able to identify the virus oriented metabolism from regular host metabolism. This is a difficult task. This is where Siddha and ayurveda come in handy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531155", "title": "Meet Cisco\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s India site leader, Shahpurwala", "text": "Faiyaz Shahpurwala calls it the Taj Mahal . Cisco's newest buildings \u00e2\u20ac\u201d known simply by numbers like 14, 15, 16 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on its vast campus in Bangalore look like any other commercial building from the outside. But on the inside, they have incorporated some of the most advanced building technologies in the world \u00e2\u20ac\u201d many of them developed by Cisco itself in India \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to completely re-imagine the workspace. And Shahpurwala, as Cisco's India site leader, is the man leading the initiative.Some floors incorporate global architectural elements. One of the most impressive is what's called The Park. It's based on the Park Guell in Barcelona designed by Spanish architect Antoni Gaudi. It has such a fairytale-like look that it is said a stroll through the Park Guell would awaken even the sleepiest imaginations, something that's important for Shahpurwala because innovation is what Cisco expects out of Bangalore , the city which the $46-billion California-based technology company has designated as its second headquarters.Some floors have relaxation lounges with massage chairs and more, or playhouses with game consoles and billiard tables. Employees don't have dedicated spaces. But the moment an employee sits in a vacant space and logs into the internet protocol (IP)-based phone on the desk, the workspace transforms into his or her own.If there's a digital frame in the space, it will automatically download a previously chosen pic, say, a family one. Everything is controlled through the IP phones, be it the AC, lighting, window blinds, and the audio-video systems. Meeting rooms have to be booked online and the AC in the room will automatically come on a few minutes before the scheduled meeting time. Shahpurwala says these measures, combined with other power technologies, have improved the energy efficiency of the newer buildings by 30%, and highly efficient water fixtures have resulted in enormous water savings.No Cisco building anywhere currently matches these standards. And Shahpurwala says he did it \"to set an example that we can build the best from emerging countries, and we can innovate out of here, despite not having the best infrastructure\".Shahpurwala was born and brought up in Mumbai. When he was 18, he left for the US for a graduate programme . Cisco was his first job, straight out of college in 1992, as a technical services engineer. In 2001, he left Cisco to join a startup called Andiamo Networks, but two years later he found himself back in Cisco when it acquired Andiamo . Four years ago, he returned to India when Wim Elfrink, Cisco's chief globalization officer, moved to Bangalore to establish the Globalization Centre East.Today, Cisco's innovative solutions have been extended to education and healthcare in India. Both segments use the network as a platform (Cisco is the world's largest networking company) with integrated audio-video, educational/medical devices and collaboration tools to deliver services to remote towns and villages.\"We have made a commitment to provide reach in vocational education and K-12 schools at a very reasonable cost. We are already delivering this in places like Hoskote, Raichur , Chitradurga and Shimoga in Karnataka, and Sehore, Datia, Gwalior and Chhindwara in Madhya Pradesh. Students can talk to teachers online, lessons come online,\" he says.Remote primary healthcare services are also being delivered similarly in tie-ups with healthcare providers. The initiatives seem to be getting good word of mouth. \"The district collector of Shimoga got to know about what is happening in Raichur and he started something similar,\" Shahpurwala says.Cisco uses a cloud-computing model. That means schools and healthcare centres can avoid buying expensive infrastructure and instead have to just pay a small subscription fee. \"We will make money with the volumes, which should be possible here,\" Shahpurwala says.Having established the robustness and scalability of the solutions, Cisco is now taking them pan-India and also overseas. The Indian team is working to bring the doctor's consultation fee in this model down to about $1. Shahpurwala is looking to take the solution even to the West. \"The US has major healthcare issues, with insurance costs going through the roof,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17528576", "title": "Ratnamma Heggade award for 3 writers", "text": "DHARWAD: The literary works of Shailaja Hiremath of Hampi, Sunanda Prakash Kadame of Hubli and Vijayanalani Ramesh of Sirsi have been selected for the Matoshri Ratnamma Heggade best book award for women writers for the year 2011 instituted by Karnataka Vidyavardhaka Sangha of Dharwad.Shailaja's 'Hardeshi-Nageshi', Sunanda's novel 'Bari Eradu Rekke' and Vijayanalani's 'Moukhika Kaleyalli Sahitya Soundarya' have won them the award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17527600", "title": "'Team up for trade through border'", "text": "AMRITSAR: Calling upon the governments of both India and Pakistan to collaborate and open trade through the border route, Anil Joshi, industry minister, said, \"Trade in Punjab's of both sides of the border can survive and flourish only when there is free flow of trade across the border to either side.\"He was addressing the visitors during the Inauguration Ceremony of PHD-Punjab International Trade Expo, 2012, PITEX, 2012 on Friday.Rajiv Bali, chairman, Punjab committee, PHD Chamber said, \"Back-to-back visits by Indian delegation to Pakistan and vice versa would help in pushing trade talks to the next level\".The frequent exchange of delegations and ideas between the neighbouring countries will also help in boosting trade, said Bali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17528697", "title": "It is not in consumer interest", "text": "The quantum of reduction in the reserve price for spectrum in these four circles suggests that the government is still fixated on using the auction to maximise the revenues it can get. While the fiasco of the first round of auctions a few weeks ago has clearly compelled the reduction, there seems to be no recognition that a high reserve price restricts participation in the auction and hence could end up keeping out some potentially very good service providers. It also means that the services offered by the eventual winner will become more expensive, which clearly is not in consumer interest. The auction is needed only to ensure a fair, transparent process of allocating the spectrum, not to maximise government revenues. Once this is recognised, the government will realise that keeping the reserve price low is the best option.Related story: 2G auction: Ministerial panel slashes base price in unsold circles by 30%", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17528225", "title": "Fire at Aquem building claims woman's life", "text": "MARGAO: Vijaya Adpaikar, believed to be in the age group of 55-60 years, died after she was engulfed by fire that broke out in a building located at Tolleband, Aquem, Margao on Friday evening.Sources informed TOI that Adpaikar was residing alone in a makeshift room that was constructed on the terrace of the building.Some of the occupants of the building raised an alarm upon noticing smoke billowing out from the terrace and informed the fire and emergency services (F&ES;).Firefighters rushed to the site and succeeded in quelling the flames, however, the woman died before she could be rescued. While the source of the fire could not be ascertained, F&ES; personnel have not ruled out the possibility that the woman had committed suicide.The body of the deceased has been preserved at the Hospicio Hospital, Margao, for conducting an autopsy.Further investigations in the matter are under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17528031", "title": "Man rounded up after women protest", "text": "NAGPUR: An agitation by a group of women from Shriram Nagar slum in Jhodape Layout on Thursday prompted cops to undertake action against a man who had been allegedly misbehaving with them.The latest ruckus in the east Nagpur slum has once again underlined the prevailing law and order concerns in such localities. The protest forced Hudkeshwar cops to round up the man and slap preventive action.The women from Shriram Nagar slum thronged the police station complaining against a man who had been trying to create terror in the locality and misbehaving with the women. The agitators led by the women wing of the Nationalist Congress Party demanded action against the man whose so-called mischief included forcibly locking up of a community hall. The city president of NCP women wing Nutan Rewatkar, along with Vidya Selokar and others, urged the police to take quick action in the matter viewing the increasing violent activities in the slums across the city.Following the lynching of a goon at Vasantrao Naik slum near Bole petrol pump last month, a series of untoward incidents have taken place in the slums which included the setting afire a man at Pandhrabodhi earlier this week and also the clash between the bootleggers and local residents at a slum within the limits of Kotwali police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17528152", "title": "Some relief after mercury drops in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The mercury slid fractionally to 35.6 degrees Celsius on Friday, providing some relief after it had surged to the second highest level this year on Thursday, as the trough in Bay of Bengal continued to impact the trend of weather in Goa.On Thursday, the weather appeared sultrier than usual, and there was a reason for it. The meteorological centre, Altinho, recorded a maximum temperature of 36.3 degrees. Earlier, the mercury had risen to 25.4 degrees on Thursday morning.But on Friday, the morning temperature brought some relief, as it slid by -2.7 to 22.7 degrees Celsius.This year, the highest surge of mercury was recorded on February 27, 2012.at 36.5, just +.2 more than Thursday's temperature,Again on April 22, and twice on October 19 and 27, 2012, the met centre had recorded an identical second highest maximum temperature of 36.3 degrees Celsius.The trough of low at mean sea level from southwest to west central Bay of Bengal has become less marked.The month of October and November has seen wide variations in temperature. The mercury slid to 20.7 degrees but rose to 26.0 degrees on the minimum side in October, 2012. During November, the lowest the mercury dipped to was 17.8 degrees Celsius and highest to 25.3 degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17527199", "title": "1 booked for assault on RTO inspector", "text": "MUMBAI: The Amboli police have booked a person for manhandling a Regional Transport Office (RTO) official in Andheri on Wednesday. This is the second such incident at the Andheri RTO in the last two years.According to the police, said that the accused, who has not been arrested, had entered the cabin of RTO inspector Sachin Kotapkar without permission and assaulted him. \"When he was asked to leave the cabin, he manhandled Kotapkar and verbally threatened him,\" a senior official said.\"We have registered an FIR at Amboli police station for attacking a government servant on duty,\" he added.The accused person has been booked under Section 353 of IPC (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharging his duty).Agents have been barred from entering the server room and other key departments, the police saidsuch as licence and permit sections. \"We have to repeatedly tell agents to avoid interacting directly with senior officials. They have been asked to submit or accept applications through the designated windows,\" he stated. He demanded protection for staffers posted at Andheri RTO. \"We have a frugal staff of few officers, inspectors and clerks. More than a thousand citizens, agents and driving school employees arrive at the premises daily. It is the second most populated government office after Mantralaya. It is not possible to keep a check on every visitor and difficult to prevent incidents like the assault which happened on one of our officials on Wednesday,'' the officer stated.In 2010, after a licence agent assaulted an RTO employee in Andheri, staffers went on a two-day strike. In February 2011, when the Andheri RTO decided to introduce compulsary driving test for every applicant, it met with resistance from a section of unscrupulous agents and driving school owners. Some of the school owners began misbehaving with RTO officials and allegedly threatened them. A deputy RTO was threatened of dire consequences in his cabin and subsequently, few unknown persons shattered the window panes in the office of another deputy RTO at Andheri. A police case was then registered.The same year, a RTO official was attacked by a group of auto drivers outside Bandra East station when he tried to confiscate some of the autos and book errant drivers, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17528457", "title": "Dept of information and publicity's Officer on special duty Dilip Deshpande dies", "text": "PANAJI: Officer on special duty (OSD) in the department of information and publicity, Dilip Deshpande, expired on Friday after a brief illness.Deshpande was associated with Navprabha, worked as deputy editor, All India Radio, Panaji and was deputy editor, press information bureau (PIB), Goa. A former journalist, he was made director of information and publicity by the BJP government from December 2003 to February 2005. After his retirement on superannuation, Deshpande was brought back by the government and posted as OSD in the department around one month ago.Goa Union of Journalists (GUJ) has condoled the death of Deshpande. GUJ president Pandurang Gaonkar and general secretary Vithaldas Hegde said that late Deshpande was a senior journalist and one of the founder members of GUJ.His career spanned over four decades as a journalist. The GUJ has expressed its heartfelt sympathies to the bereaved family, states a press release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17527746", "title": "Many hospitals yet to enroll for BPL insurance scheme", "text": "BOKARO: The state labour commissioner on Friday expressed concern over some state hospitals not being enrolled with the National Health Insurance Programme (NHIP), under which BPL families are provided smartcards.Commissioner Sunil Burnwal asked the management of Bokaro General Hospital (BGH) to state the seasons why it was not enrolled with the central scheme.BGH, which is run and maintained by Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL), has become a referral centre in last few years where thousands of poor people come for treatement.\"The hospital of Damodar Valley Corporation (DVC) has got empanelled to the scheme, but BGH has not. I have asked the management to consider it and get empanelled so that the poor can get benefits,\" said Burnwal during his two-day visit here. He was speaking on the sidelines of a workshop on NHIP organized at Kala Kendra.Government hospitals in Bokaro and Ramgarh have not used smartcards even once in a year while Dhanbad has provided treatment to only 18 card users.\"Card readers and other equipment have been installed in each and every government hospital and primary health centres in the districts, but the sad part is that doctors are not using it. A PHC in Chas witnessed 200 delivery cases in a year. If they have used smart card and made claim for it the center would have earned a lot,\" he said.Burnwal also held a review meeting with officials of the labour department, factory inspectorate and other district officials from Bokaro, Ramgarh and Dhanbad. He will visit Bokaro Steel Plant for inspection on Saturday.He pointed out that doctors at government hospitals do not insist on using smartcards even after users bring these. But smartcards not only help the beneficiaries but also the hospital concerned, which can claim expenses for treating a cardholder from the insurance company. The money can be used in developing hospital infrastructure.\"Hospitals should consider smartcard as an opportunity. As per norms, 25 per cent of the claim received can be achieved by doctors and health staff as incentive while remaining funds can be spent on hospital development,\" said Burnwal.Biometric smartcard is provided to below poverty line (BPL) families. The card carries benefit of cashless insurance at public and private hospitals. The card contains fingerprints and photographs of beneficiaries and enables them to receive medical care of up to Rs 30,000 per family of five. There are private insurance companies which provide risk coverage to users. Hospitals enrolled for the central scheme can claim treatment expenses, said Burnwal.There are 1.19 lakh smartcard holders in Dhanbad and 53,000 and 61,000 in Bokaro and Ramgarh, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17527796", "title": "Infant freezes to death in Dhanbad ICU", "text": "DHANBAD: The Jharkhand State Electricity Board employees' union strike, which led to statewide blackout for two days, resulted in the death of at least one baby at state-run Patliputra Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) and caused about Rs 100-crore loss in business in Dhanbad with 395 small-scale industries remaining closed.A seven-day-old baby girl died in the neo-natal intensive care unit of PMCH as hospital authorities could not provide room warmer due to power failure. Mohammad Iqbal , the baby's father, said the hospital superintendent had asked him to approach the state government on the issue. Diesel was not enough to run the \"generator set and keep the room warm\", the hospital superintendent said.The premature baby developed complications on Thursday night and died early on Friday. The JSEB employees called off the strike on Friday and power was restored by noon. Hospital authorities, however, claimed the infant died of illness.Members of Dhanbad Chamber of Commerce and Industries, led by its president Rajiv Sharma, went on hunger strike on Friday demanding probe into the death of the baby. \"(The) guilty must be punished and the concerned doctors be taken to task,\" the industry body said in a memorandum to Dhanbad deputy commissioner Prabhat Kumar. who had earlier warned protesters that they would be jailed if power was not restored.The chamber also called for shutdown of business units here to protest against the statewide blackout. The fast was later called off. The chamber said the government should have talked to Damodar Valley Corporation, Coal India and Tisco for alternatives. The disaster management team could have been put to action, said Sharma.Business sector here also faced collateral damages. Around 395 small-scale industries in Dhanbad could not run for the past three days due to power strike. About 110 hardcoke units, 102 refractories and coal washeries were affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17526996", "title": "Fire at RICO destroys property worth lakhs, no casualties", "text": "GURGAON: A massive fire broke out at RICO Auto Industries Ltd on Behrampur Road near the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway late on Thursday night. While property worth lakhs of rupees was gutted in the fire, no injuries were reported. The fire brigade suspects electrical overheating to be the cause of the fire.More than 10 fire-tenders from all four fire stations of the city doused the flames in two hours.The fire broke out around 11.45pm and spread rapidly.\"The fire continued to rage near the electric furnace, which are used for molding iron plates. If any of the furnaces had blasted, the fire would have gone out of control. Our team battled the blaze with 10 fire-tenders,\" said fire officer Isham Singh Kashyap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17528516", "title": "Dec 15: Last day to register mining trucks", "text": "PANAJI: The directorate of mines and geology, which is in the process of registering trucks and tippers involved in mining transportation, has announced the last date for registration as December 15.In a press note issued on Friday, the directorate has stated that those owners who fail to register their trucks/tippers by the cut-off date will not be entitled to any benefits.The application forms can be downloaded free-of-cost from the directorate's website www.goadmg.gov.in. And the filled up forms can be submitted to the directorate's Udyog Bhavan office near Azad Maidan in Panaji or Goa Electronic Limited (GEL) at EDC House, Panaji, states the note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17527965", "title": "Centre urged to set up raw material bank for textile sector", "text": "SURAT: Representatives of textile industry have urged the Central government to set up a raw material bank in the city to impart knowledge to weavers on procurement of raw material, marketing and production of different varieties of fabrics on the highly modern shuttle-less looms.Industry leaders said that since most of the weavers in the decentralized powerloom sector do not have organized information about these aspects, the centre should launch a scheme where a federal association under the companies act or a district level cooperative society is set up to provide support through the raw material bank.They said that in the last decade modernization has taken place in case of yarn process for preparatory sector with the support of capital subsidy and interest subsidy under Technology Upgradation Fund Scheme ( TUFS). Texturising machines with higher speed have replaced old machines and helped in reducing the cost of processing the yarn.Similarly, two-for-one-twisting machines have replaced the conventional twisting machines in order to save energy and other costs. This has resulted in the improvement in the quality of twisted yarn for producing better quality fabrics.However, modernization in the weaving sector has not taken place along with the yarn texturising sector. According to estimates only two to three per cent shuttle less looms have been installed in place of shuttle looms.\"The weavers have been manufacturing polyester fabrics on the conventional shuttle loom for years. They do not have the required knowledge about the advantages of shuttle-less looms. Hence the need for a raw material bank has arisen in Surat,\" said Arun Jariwala, chairman, Federation of Surat Art Silk Weaving Industry (FIASWI). He said that to promote export and produce better quality fabric, installation of shuttle-less looms is a must.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17528877", "title": "Centre approves Rs6cr for 50-bed burns unit at SCB", "text": "Cuttack: The SCB Medical College and Hospital in Cuttack will soon set up a 50-bed burns unit on its premises. The Centre has approved Rs 6 crore to the hospital under the National Programme for Prevention and Management of Burn Injuries for this purpose. A team of the Union health ministry officials visited the hospital on Friday and reviewed its infrastructure. \"The team was quite satisfied with the infrastructure at SCB hospital and we are hopeful that they will release the funds soon. Work on the project will start in next three months,\"said Dr Arun Chaudhary, head of plastic surgery department of the hospital. \"The union health ministry has chalked out the programme to reduce mortality, morbidity and disability due to burn injuries. In the first phase, the project has been implemented in Assam , Haryana and Himachal Pradesh and now we have plans to implement it in Odisha and rest of the country ,\"said J L Gupta, a member of the central team. Dr Chaudhary confirmed that under this pilot project, a full-fledged burns unit with 50 beds will be set up at SCB. The unit will have super-specialised surgery facility for burn injuries, well-equipped operation theatres and ICU facility to provide best treatment to critical burn patients. The project also involves training programmes for the hospital staff in treating burn cases. Ambulance drivers, nursing staff and dressers will also be trained. On an average, SCB receives more than three critical burn injury patients every day, but it does not have adequate infrastructure to treat them. There is no full-fledged burn unit in the hospital, due to which patients are suffering a lot. \"We have allocated 15 beds each in the plastic surgery and surgery departments for burn injury patients, but we don't have enough infrastructure to treat them properly. The new burns unit will come as a boon for the critical burn patients,\" said Dr Chaudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17528978", "title": "Raising the bar: Meet the man who made Indian food sexy in Big Apple", "text": "MUMBAI: It wasn't just authors Katherine Boo, Sunil Khilnani or Suketu Mehta who got the most applause and had eager young things following them at The Times of India Literary Carnival. Masterchef India host Vikas Khanna \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who was on People magazine's list of sexiest men alive in 2011 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d got a round of applause as soon as he entered the hall, and had men and women lining up to get photographs with an arm around him.'Grilling the Chef ' with Khanna, chef Vineet Bhatia, who owns Michelin starred Indian restaurants in London and Geneva, and Camellia Panjabi, founder of the Masala Zone chain of restaurants , was a lively session on the business of food, full of tang and zest. Khanna, especially, felt the heat with moderator and food writer Vir Sanghvi relentlessly ragging him about the 'sexy' tag he's brought to cooking. \"People often forget to talk about the food,\" Khanna said. After trying to dodge the question a couple of times, he gave in and said, \"In 2006, when I started in New York, it was important to make Indian food sexy. Everyone was under the impression that Indian food was unhealthy. I had to push for Indian food or be pushed aside. Today, the White House and Hollywood give importance to Indian food and Junoon,\" he said, referring to his Michelin starred restaurant in New York City.All three food writers have raised Indian food's profile abroad from being greasy and cheap to gourmet cuisine. \"When I went to England in 1993, I was disappointed with the way Indian food was showcased. The restaurants were run mostly by Bangladeshis who were not trained chefs. I wanted to show people there what Indian food really is. It is the finest in the world, with rich flavour and heritage . We eat with all our senses, see the food, hear the papad crack, taste \u00e2\u20ac\u201d you can showcase all that if you cook with your heart,\" said Bhatia, who has 11 restaurants across the world.Panjabi, whose book 50 Great Curries of India has sold 1.2 million copies, said Indians need to take greater pride in their food. \"The elite in India do not celebrate with their own food. When film stars and top corporate have to entertain, they serve people other countries' cuisines,\" said Panjabi , who spent a couple of decades in the hospitality business here before moving to London and setting up her chain. She added that less than 10% of catering college graduates chose to specialize in Indian cuisine. \"We need more people to come in and raise the profile of Indian food for the world,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17528930", "title": "An average Joe drowns in a city of fallen angels", "text": "MUMBAI: She was wearing tight, tight jeans tucked into knee-high brown leather boots, and a white blouse with one more button undone than there needed to be.\" Dripping with seductive anticipation though this close-up is, slinky lines alone wouldn't have put a gripping tale of greed and lust on the Man Booker Prize 2011 shortlist. But Snowdrops is also a psychological profile of a man's moral retreat through the post-Communist alleys of midnoughties Moscow. On Friday, its author, Andrew Miller , The Economist's correspondent in the Russian capital from 2004 to 2007, was at the TOI Literary Carnival to read from the book.As an expat lawyer living in Moscow during the Russian oil boom, Nick Platt cloaks shady business deals in legal raiment. But the roubles are rolling in and Nick doesn't mind, given the blondes, bottles and brothels of perhaps the world's most sinful city. Then he meets Masha\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe girl in the tight, tight jeans, a girl with \"long tawny hair\" \u00e2\u20ac\u201don the Metro, while warding off a mugger from her. And as he sinks in her quicksand femme-fatale charm, he falls away from himself.\"I guess you could tell a similar story, albeit with different details, that was set in London\u00e2\u20ac\u201dor Mumbai ,\" says Miller after his reading session. \"Outsiders find Moscow and Mumbai compelling. Both are cities with money, ruthlessness and poverty. If there is weak rule of law, if the police and the courts are corrupt , it becomes possible to get away with things... unless the conscience becomes a much more important constraint on human behaviour.\"Miller says the basic theme of his novel is moral degradation: \"How an ordinary person\u00e2\u20ac\u201dnot a hero, not a villain, at least to begin with\u00e2\u20ac\u201dcomes to behave in an unexpected , deeply reprehensible way.\"But what is it that makes \"a 30-something man, at once vulnerable and depraved\" surrender himself completely to corruption? Environment ? A sense of unfettered freedom in another time and place? \"Part of the explanation is the circumstances the narrator finds himself in Moscow , where, like a lot of expats, he behaves as if he is living in a kind of theme park; as if his actions don't really have consequences,\" Miller says. \"But mostly it is his own moral weakness and self-deceptions : he tells himself an old lie, which has been told by lots of people to themselves in lots of places; namely that, while something bad seems to be happening, he is merely doing the paperwork, and that final responsibility lies elsewhere.\"How does the book's title relate to the theme? A snowdrop, we know, is a beautiful flower. But in Moscow slang, it is \"a corpse that lies buried or hidden in the winter snows, emerging only in the thaw\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17526770", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcTake strict action against erring officials\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "VARANASI: Taking serious note of laxity in development works and fake reporting, the divisional commissioner Chanchal Kumar Tiwari wrote letters to the government recommending actions against the officials of different departments. The commissioner held a meeting to review the progress in development works on Friday.While the commissioner recommended strict actions against the superintending engineer of UP Jal Nigam, deputy director and district officers of soil conservation department, he gave adverse entry to the officials of health department. Besides, he also issued strict warning to deputy director animal husbandry, deputy director dairy, district dairy officer, chief engineer and superintending engineer of tube well department, executive engineer of irrigation department, Jaunpur for unsatisfactory progress and laxity in work. The warning would affect the annual appraisal of these officials. The commissioner also wrote letters to the government and chairman and managing director of electricity department for poor progress in electrification and other departmental works.While reviewing the works the commissioner came to know that the officials of the health department in Chandauli district made fake reporting of works. He also took serious note of the inefficient functioning of irrigation and government tube well department. The officials did not provide facts and figures of the works to the district magistrates of all the districts of Varanasi division. The over reporting in the works of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme also annoyed him.The commissioner was not satisfied with the works done in the nine month of the financial year. He instructed the officials to go on war footing to complete the works. He also instructed the divisional officials to identify the officials showing laxity in works and initiate stern action against them.The commissioner was informed that the municipal commissioner wrote letter to electricity department for separate power line to the street lights so that they could be switched off during the day time. The municipal commissioner informed that the electricity department was not responding positively. The commissioner asked the superintending engineer of electricity department to ensure that the street lights are not switched on during day time.City in bad state: Though the urban development minister Azam Khan during his visit to the city in July last had extended an apology to the local citizens for the poor civic conditions, today the situation more or less is the same.He had also ordered chargesheet against five senior officials of the UP Jal Nigam, Varanasi Nagar Nigam and other agencies for poor condition of roads. But, it is unfortunate that despite his assurance for improvement in the civic condition in the next two-three months, the city continues to witness the pathetic condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17527587", "title": "Lion safari in Etawah from next year likely", "text": "LUCKNOW: One of the pet projects of the Samajwadi Party government -- a breeding centre-cum-lion safari at Etawah -- might become a reality in 2013. After holding deliberations on the project's master plan, the internal committee of the Central Zoo Authority (CZA) will take a final decision in January. The lion safari project had been lying in abeyance since 2005.The CZA has already given nod to the project's master layout plan. The CZA internal panel discussed the master plan on Thursday. \"We have pointed out the infirmities to the state forest department officers, they will make changes and submit the plan for final reading,\" said RS Bhadouria, member, expert group, CZA.The work on breeding centre-cum-safari project will begin once the master plan is approved by the internal committee of the CZA in January. \"The breeding centre will start functioning first,\" said Bhadouria. The plan is to start the breeding of lions by bringing a pair from any zoo under the exchange programme. When at least seven or eight cubs would be born, they would be introduced in the lion safari. Etawah lion breeding centre would be the second biggest after the lion breeding centre at Junagadh. The project, which had been in a limbo, gained momentum after the Samjawadi Party came to power in March this year.The technical committee of the Ministry of Environment and Forest (MoEF) gave approval for the master layout plan on Wednesday. Since the project has got the CZA nod, it is full and final.The state government has sanctioned Rs 89 crore for the 10-year lion safari project in Etawah. The government has also designated UP Awas Vikas Parishad as the construction and executing agency for the lion safari. The agency has been asked to prepare a detailed project report (DPR). tnnThe ambitious lion safari project was conceived by the Mulayam government in 2005-06. Nearly 150 hectares of land in Fisher Forest on Etawah-Gwalior national highway, close to the Chambal sanctuary, was acquired and notified as lion safari in 2005. But the project failed to take off during the regime of the Bahujan Samaj Party .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531262", "title": "Kate Upton scores British Vogue cover shoot", "text": "Kate Upton, who has appeared in pin-ups for US Vogue twice, has scored a photoshoot for the magazine's British edition.The Sports Illustrated Swimsuit model has been picked by British Vogue editor Alexandra Shulman to star on the cover of the style bible's January 2013 issue, the Telegraph reported.\"When I decided to shoot Kate for our first cover of 2013, it was to kick off the year with a young woman who is not a stereotypical fashion model - although, let's face it, she's hardly a heffalump!\" Shulman wrote in her editor's letter.Indeed, 20-year-old Upton's physique doesn't make her an obvious candidate for a high fashion role: at 5'10\" and with a generous 34C chest, her hips are some two and a half inches wider than that other famous Kate - Moss.\"It's very rare for a girl; to move from one area of the business to the other, largely due to the fact that fashion models are almost without curves, whereas swimwear girls are celebrated for them,\" Shulman added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17526871", "title": "DND opens 2 more silver toll lanes", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Toll Bridge Company (NTBCL) has pitched in to help tide over the traffic chaos that is expected after the Kalindi Kunj bridge is closed from December 15 by opening two additional silver toll lanes at the DND Flyway. As the Kalindi Kunj bridge will be closed for around two months, two cash lanes have been converted into card lanes to cut down processing time for vehicles that will be using DND as an alternate route to travel between Noida and Delhi.DND authorities said the last addition to the toll plaza was made almost four years ago from 27 to 31 lanes. \"The additional toll lanes will ease traffic movement which is expected to increase manifold once the Kalindi Kunj bridge shuts down. Nearly 40,000-50,000 vehicles will hit the DND once the repair work starts. The idea is to facilitate movement of vehicles between Delhi and Noida,\" said Anwar Abassi of NTBCL.Besides drawing commuters to use electronic toll collection services, several other measures are also being undertaken by the toll company, including deployment of additional personnel at the plaza for facilitation. \"Our aim is to minimize vehicular traffic at the cash lanes,\" Abassi said.The toll company has also announced cash discounts for vehicles using the flyway so that more commuters use the silver toll lanes. Kiosks dispensing silver cards have been placed at the Noida and Mayur Vihar toll plazas. \"Toll users can also purchase the cards from our website. The discounts will be available to commuters till the traffic movement is smoothened,\" the official said.In a unique move, the toll company has also asked various Noida RWAs to assist it to encourage more commuters to use the silver toll cards.Meanwhile, senior Bharatiya Kisan Union (BKU) leaders met NTBCL officials and the Gautam Budh Nagar district administration on Friday. Though the BKU has withdrawn its proposed agitation at the DND for the time being, its leaders have asked the toll company to provide district officials with a profit and loss account of the last 10 years. \"We have asked the authorities to submit the details by December 12,\" said Ajay Pal Sharma of BKU.The BKU members also asked the toll operator to provide an account of the increased toll tax collected in the eight days after the toll hike was announced on November 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17527158", "title": "Jaipur-Delhi: RSRTC trims travel time to take on double-decker", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan State Roadways Transport Corporation (RSRTC) is battling to regain its lost ground. After losing major share of its passengers to the double-decker service of the Indian Railways on Jaipur-Delhi route, RSRTC decided to reduce its traveling time. It has also started Volvo services on three routes.All the Volvo buses plying between Jaipur and Delhi have been asked to cut short their halting time at Behror. The stoppage which used to be of 20 minutes will now be trimmed to just 10 minutes. The drivers have also been instructed to maintain the speed of the buses so that the distance could be covered in the stipulated time.\"We have issued a notification to bring down the halt time by half. Other measures are being adopted to decrease the traveling time. The aim is to bring back our passengers and give them comfortable and quick services,\" said Manjeet Singh , chairman and managing director, RSRTC.The daily Volvo services from state capital to Udaipur and Kota and from Jodhpur to Ahmedabad too have been introduced from December 8. Jaipur-Udaipur (via Ajmer, Beawar, Bheem, Rajsamand, Nathdwara) Volvo will depart at 5:30 pm and from Udaipur it will be 6 am. Scheduled departures from Jaipur to Kota will be at 6:10 pm and from Kota to Jaipur it will start from 6 am.Services from Jodhpur to Ahmedabad (via Pali, Sumerpur, Shivganj, Sirohi Mehsana) will start at 10 pm from Jodhpur and depart from Ahmedabad at 9 pm.Box: Rajasthan and Punjab signed an inter-state transport agreement. With the new agreement in place, Rajasthan will able to ply its buses on 70 routes covering 31,164 kilometers. While Punjab will be able to run its buses on 104 routes covering 30,426 kms. The new agreement will replace the one signed in 1995.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17528193", "title": "ILS announces tie-up with Dutch varsity", "text": "PUNE: The Indian Law Society's (ILS) Centre for Mental Health Law and Policy announced here on Friday an international collaboration with the Amsterdam-based VU University's Athena Institute to facilitate research and study in the field of mental health law and policy-making.\"A formal ceremony for the signing of agreement will be held on December 9 in the presence of Keshav Desiraju, special secretary to the ministry of health and family welfare and Rene Smit, chairman of the board of VU university,\" ILS honorary secretary principal Vaijayanti Joshi told reporters . Director of Athena Institute Joske Bunders and ILS centre for mental health law and policy coordinator Jaya Sagade were present on the occasion.Joshi said, \"The ILS-VU tie up will facilitate the launch of an inter-disciplinary Ph.D course in mental health, law and policy for which the selected students will undertake a threeyear study. The first 33 months of the study will be at the ILS campus in the city while the remaining three months will be at the VU Universityfor which the latter will bear the entire stay and study expenses. The Ph.D degree will be issued by VU University following the viva and public defence of the research thesis.\"Students, who have done their masters in law, science or sociology will qualify for the Ph.D programme, said Joshi. \"The ILS will appoint the research guides, who can be from various associated fields like lawyers, doctors, psychologists etc.,\" she said.According to Sagade, \"The VU university ranks among the top 200 global universities and has been engaged in tie-ups with several institutions outside the Netherlands, for promoting research and study in niche areas like mental health law and policy-making . The university has stringent Ph.D study norms that entail the candidate to publish at least five separate papers in internationally reputed journals and these papers constitute the eventual thesis for public defence.\"Sagade said, \"Issues related to mental health law and policy are bound to acquire greater importance in the days ahead considering that the central government is already working on a right to healthcare bill.\" The tieup will also facilitate the setting up of a centre of excellence called the 'Law and policy action lab' that will encourage postgraduate and undergraduate law students to go for advanced research, she said.\"Issues like disability are still not recognized in the matters of insurance claims. Similarly, the government needs constant inputs on vital policy-making initiatives for which the research at the proposed lab will be of good help,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17528219", "title": "Gold chains worth 1.3 lakh snatched", "text": "PUNE: Gold chains and cash totalling Rs 1.3 lakh was robbed in separate incidents at Market Yard, Nigdi and Bhosari on Thursday.At Market yard, a gold chain worth worth Rs 35,000 was snatched from Anuradha Shah (68) of Gultekdi. According to a complaint lodged by Shah, she and her friend were on their way to attend a 'satsang' on Thursday morning. When they reached Sandeshnagar, an unidentified person on a motorcycle snatched her chain and fled.Another chain snatching took place at Nigdi around 2 pm on Thursday. The complainant, Mangla Kelkar (68) of Nigdi Pradhikaran , and her husband were walking towards home. Two unidentified persons on a motorcycle stopped them and asked about an address. While Kelkar was talking with them, the pillion rider snatched her gold chain worth Rs 44,400 and fled.At Bhosari MIDC, three unidentified persons on a motorcycle threatened a 30-year-old man and robbed him of his cash and cell phone totalling to Rs 50,000 around 1.30 pm Thursday. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Mangesh Pandharinath Bhalerao of Haveli with the Bhosari MIDC police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17527817", "title": "40-hour ordeal ends in districts", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Reeling under power crisis for over 40 hours, residents of three districts of the Kolhan division received electricity on Friday afternoon as JSEB employees called off their strike.Earlier, East Singhbhum, West Singhbhum and Seraikela-Kharswan district administration had to toil hard to restore power with the assistance of technicians from Tata Power and Jusco, the two private companies.About 10 senior technicians of the Power Grid Corporation , who came from Ranchi following the JSEB request, extended their support to the local administration to restore electricity in Seraikela and Jamshedpur. \"The exercise to restore power supply was underway since yesterday (Thursday) but following the strike call things returned to normal today (Friday),\" said Dhalbhum sub-divisional officer Subodh Kumar.However, an executive engineer of the JSEB's Jamshedpur circle had a different view. \"Although the district administration took help from the private agencies, the fact of the matter is calling off the strike ensured complete restoration (of power),\" he said.The Steel City witnessed acrimonious scenes at different places during the past two days with the mob burning tyres on the streets and blocking the main thoroughfare at Jugsalai for over two hours in two incidents to build pressure on the administration to ensure early redress of the electricity woes late on Thursday.Adityapur-Gamharia in Seraikela was the first among the areas in Kolhan to receive partial power supply post midnight on Thursday.However, the residents at Ashiana More on Adityapur-Kandra road set up a blockade for over 30 minutes demanding complete restoration of power in Friday morning. \"Hopefully, the government will take lessons from this incident,\" and will pursue the distribution privatization work taking the JSEB employees into confidence,\"said Uttam Gupta of Damyanti Apartment in Kadma.In Chaibasa and Chakradharpur in West Singhbhum, the power supply was restored along with the adjoining districts on Friday.Gupta had to confront much trouble in carrying water to his fourth floor apartment for the two consecutive days as the elevator of his flat remained non-functional because of power cut.The Adityapur-based Tata Motors ancillaries that were completely shut down for nearly 40 hours heaved a sigh of relief with the resumption of power supply.\"Several of the units have resumed work after good sense prevailed on the striking employees at last,\" said Adityapur Small Industries Association member Santosh Khetan who attributed about Rs 250 crore business loss because of the power cut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "dombivli", "code": "17527447", "title": "Police take on armed men to foil robbery bid", "text": "DOMBIVLI: Six policemen armed with lathis put up a tough fight against four armed robbers in Dombivli (E) in a drama that lasted for 20 minutes on Friday.While the burglary attempt was foiled, the unidentified men escaped in a tempo after threatening its driver, the cops said. The incident happened around 4am on Friday after Gaurav Mane, a resident of Ayodhya Nagari Complex in Dombivli (E), spotted the robbers entering the building. Mane called up the police after which six personnel from Tilak Nagar police station arrived there.The policemen, who split in two groups, entered the building through different entrances. Constable Namdar Thakare caught one of the robbers but his aide attacked the cop with a chopper. Thakare narrowly escaped after assistant sub-inspector Ishaq Shaikh pushed him away. A man then fired at Shaikh. \"Since Shaikh ducked down, the bullet missed him,\" said a police officer.After hearing the gunshots, the second police team came to the rescue of Thakare and Shaikh. \"A man fired at constable Vishwash Chavan but he was saved by another constable Subhash Nalavade who then hurled a stone at the assailant,\" the officer added.\"The men lost their nerve and fled leaving their car behind. They asked a tempo driver to alight from his vehicle and escaped,\" he added.A policeman, Sanjay Nimbalkar who arrived at the scene, tried to intercept the vehicle but the robbers fired two rounds at him. \"We have registered a case of attempt to murder, assault, robbery against the four unidentified men,\" said Rajan Ghule, assistant commissioner of police (Dombivli region). \"We have prepared their sketches and will dispatch them to all police stations. Their getaway vehicle that was seized had been stolen from Virar on December1,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17528692", "title": "Dell inks pact with NITK", "text": "MANGALORE: Indian arm of the hardware major Dell - Dell International Services India Private Ltd (DISIPL) on Friday inked a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with National Institute of Technology - Karnataka (NITK), Surathkal. This is the first instance of DISIPL signing a MoU with any educational institute in India with focus on collaborative research and development in areas of cloud computing and server domain.The MoU with a shelf life of three years will focus on three specific problems that Dell has posed to the academia at NITK. These are the servers used in local market - effect of dust and humidity on them, filling in the missing functionalities in the 'cloud' software, and security technologies which recognizes that every computing environment faces a threat and how expertise of students and faculty can be used to address it.The departments of computer science and engineering, electronics and communication, mechanical, electrical and electronics and information technology of NITK will work on the problem areas posed to them by Dell either collectively or separately. Other departments of NITK too are expected to come on board the problem solving endeavour depending on what expertise or solutions they can offer to tackle the issues on hand.Swapan Bhattacharya, director, NITK who signed the MoU with Rudramuni B, executive director and head, Dell India (R &D; Centre), Bangalore said the pact will enable students and faculty at NITK to interact directly with the industry - Dell in this case - and try and provide solutions to them. This will also meet a strong emerging demand for greater industry academia interaction to problem solving and resource sharing, he said.Dell is interested in having unique solutions to above problems that are cost effective. The other tangible takeaways include paper publications for students and faculty, possible patents, and codes for software which the open source community accepts. \"It will be a huge honour for students to get their codes accepted by the community,\" Rudramuni, a former alumnus of NITK said, adding solutions could start emerging in 12-18 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "17527630", "title": "Banned tobacco seized on train", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: While sale of tobacco was banned by Himachal Pradesh government in October this year, railway police at Samela near Kangra on Friday noon recovered a parcel containing huge quantity of tobacco (14 cartons containing 30,000 pouches) being transported from Pathankot in Punjab to Jogindernagar. Exposing chinks in implementation of ban on tobacco products, the local authorities refused to register a case, reasoning that the consignment was seized on premises administered by the central government and therefore they had no jurisdiction.\"Till the time I am not directed by my senior colleagues, I cannot register a case,\" said food inspector Manjeet Kumar, the competent authority to register the case. Official claimed this was first such case to have surfaced after ban on tobacco products was imposed in the state. However, they admitted that it was evident from the amount of recovery that transportation of a banned product in such huge quantities could only be possible if it was being done as a routine practice for a long time.\"We recovered 14 cartoons from the train, which contained about 30,000 packets of tobacco. These were being carried to Jogindernagar in district Mandi, which is the last station on this route in Himachal. Despite all our efforts, no local officials are ready to take further action and we have no idea where else to go,\" said Subhash Kumar, in-charge of Samela railway station. Action can be taken under the provisions of Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006, but the railways do not have a food inspector at Kangra, while local officials from the food and supplies department empowered to take action are not ready to do so.Excise and taxation inspector Kangra Swarn Singh said: \"We received information about the tobacco parcels in late afternoon. We will have to read relevant rules before taking any action.\" When contacted, SDM Kangra Ajeet Bhardwaj said he had assisted the police and other authorities, \"but only senior officials of the concerned department can consider the case further\". The authorities were still debating till late evening who the competent authority was to take action. But no case was registered till the filling of this report even as recovery was done before 9 am on Friday.Cigarettes, bidis, gutka (tobacco-laced areca nut pieces) and pan masala are banned substances in Himachal Pradesh. Anyone who is involved in sale, storage, manufacturing and distribute of tobacco-based products invite action under the provisions of Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17528109", "title": "Now, mining halt hits service tax earnings", "text": "PANAJI: While service tax collection in Goa is not as expected, the stop in mining has hit the Goa commissionerate of customs, central excise and service tax rather badly, causing a deficit in service tax collection in mining-related services of about 30 crore.Speaking to reporters on Friday, commissioner V P C Rao said the stop in mining has affected about 10 to 15 major services causing a deficit of about 30 crore.Rao said the affected services include good transport operators, mining services, port services, security services, transport of coastal goods through inland water involving barges, etc.Rao said that tourism is also not showing the required buoyancy because business sentiment is low.The commissionerate is however working on identifying tourism services that it can bring under the service tax. It is also talking to the Travel and Tourism Association of Goa in this regard.Rao said the commissionerate has high expectations from Goa due to tourism, mining, etc.\"But unfortunately, Goa is not responding. There is a wait-and-watch approach here and we are trying to motivate people by holding seminars. We want to cover all Goa so that even if a service person is in a remote area of Goa, we can reach him,\" said Rao.Last year, the commissionerate collected service tax of 390 crore and this year the target is 500 crore, said Rao.Despite the cry that the service tax collection has been affected, the commissionerate has collected, till October this year, 209 crore. Till October 2011, it had collected 190 crore.\"Percentage-wise there is a slight jump, but that is not going to solve the issue,\" said Rao. \"We have to get 500 crore and already seven-eight months have gone. Already there is about a 82 crore deficit and we have to recover this in another five months,\" he said. \"By October, we should have collected 290 crore,\" he stressed.He said the commissionerate has introduced a negative list which is a different approach for taxing of services.Earlier the commissionerate would not tax 120 services, now only 17 services are on the negative list. Other than the 17 services all other services are taxed. \"We are canvassing about this in a big way,\" said Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17527197", "title": "You are invited virtually", "text": "LUDHIANA: The big, fat, Indian wedding just got internet-friendly.Sending out a wedding invitation is one of the few wedding traditions that seems to stand up to the test of time. But considering the fast-paced digital world we live in, most couples nowadays are putting together their wedding websites with info, photos and videos to make friends and relatives living far away a part of the gala affair.Floating wedding websites is not new, but the trend has really caught up now with Ludhianavis, thanks to increased internet access and reduced cost of creating such sites.Thick envelope... flashy wedding booklet in shades of gold, ochre, red and maroon, embellished with shiny sequins and Swarovski crystals are passe. Wedsites (wedding websites) are the in thing says Nishant Awasthi, 28, a city-based wedding card and website designer. He explains, \"'Wedsites' are as important as the wedding trousseau, today. I started making wedsites three years back and even creating one for my own wedding. A wedding website can track a couples' entire dating period, right from the time they met, who proposed and how, and culminates with their wedding. It can even be used as a virtual invite.\"Awasthi adds, \"Ludhiana being big on weddings, the trend is picking up slowly yet steadily. Mostly, we get NRI clients from Ludhiana, Chandigarh and Delhi, with the younger generation more keen on the concept.\"Newlyweds Sukhpreet, 25, and Prashant, 27, share their experience. \"Planning a wedding takes an immense amount of preparation and organization to track the million details involved. A wedsite takes some of the pressure away by creating an easy way to share your wedding experience with family and friends. The concept was introduced to us by a friend in UK and since our wedding had more than 3,000 invites, the idea was literally God sent. We ended up sending chocolate boxes and cards to the relatives and close friends only.And the rest were sent an e-invite.\"Some even choose to design their own wedsites. Soon-to-be-married Akashi, 25, and Prasant, 26, is one such couple. \"I bought a domain space at a nominal fee from. Then I developed it myself. That way, it became more personalized. And for those who won't be able to make it to our wedding we plan to show them all the ceremonies live through webcam.\"The concept of wedsites has been around for a decade, but it picked up after better access to broadband and reduced surfing and downloading costs. Wedsite designer Kashish Vij, 29, says, \"Online wedding websites have been in existence since the 90's, but the wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton put these in the limelight. The number of couples who want to share their story has seen a dramatic rise.\"Wedsites are the easiest way of keeping close ones informed about the timings and venues of events related to the wedding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17528836", "title": "Shastri Nagar craves single ward status for better development", "text": "Bhubaneswar: With Bhubaneswar civic body election due and delimitation process on, Shastri Nagar residents are keeping fingers crossed for their long-standing demand of being declared an independent ward.Divided into two wards - 34 and 25 - the residents, since the division took place, have been demanding one ward for entire Shastri Nagar. Residents alleged because of the divide, the development chain has been disturbed and they are not getting enough attention of the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation ( BMC).\"Shastri Nagar locality is as old as Shahid Nagar and Bapuji Nagar in the city. Compared to its two counterparts, Shastri Nagar is a neglected area. In 2009 delimitation, it was divided into two wards and since then no development has taken place here with portions of other neighbouring localities coming under the two wards. So we have raised the demand to change the status of Shastri Nagar by recognizing it as a single ward,\" said G N Mohanty, secretary of Shastri Nagar Unnayan Parishad.He said the Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) in 1986 notified Shastri Nagar as a city locality and demarcated the area. \"As per the demarcated area, Bidyut Marg to the east, Territorial Army campus to the west, lake to the north and Territorial Army campus to the south come under Shastri Nagar. So we have given a proposal to the city mayor to recognize the four landmarks and give a single ward status to Shastri Nagar,\" said Mohanty.He further said the civic body is yet to attach important landmarks and bus stops located here to Shastri Nagar. \"The bus stop is there but it is named 120 battalion bus stop. It is something the civic body should take note of,\" said Mohanty.If Shastri Nagar becomes a single ward, there will be lot of benefits for the residents, said Ramanath Samantray, corporator of ward 34. \"Under the present arrangement, a lot of development work is getting distributed between Shastri Nagar and other areas under ward 34. Once it becomes a single ward, whatever ward fund is granted to a ward, will be spent in the locality,\" said Samantray.He pointed out piped water, drainage and roads are not being given proper attention because of paucity of funds. \"People of this locality are still dependent on deep bore well for drinking water. Piped water is a distant dream here. Once it becomes a ward, plans will be put in action accordingly. Given the huge size of the locality and the population, it deserves to be a separate ward,\" Samantray said. He added the locality is yet to have a vernacular school, a park and a hospital either.When contacted, city mayor Narayan Jena said, \"I have received the application of Shastri Nagar residents and sent it to the government for consideration. It is up to the delimitation committee to decide on the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17527611", "title": "HC seeks reply on illegal mining in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking up a public interest litigation (PIL) pertaining to illegal mining in Punjab, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday asked the Union ministry of environment to comply with its own timeframe for grant of environment clearances in mining matters.Division bench of the HC headed by Rajive Bhalla passed these orders while observing that delay in granting requisite permission is also encouraging illegal mining and smuggling in minerals from other states. Bench also directed the Central government to simplify procedure of granting permission for excavation of earth for brick kilns and produce some relaxed guidelines on it before the court on December 14.Taking serious note of the failure of Deputy Commissioners (DCs) of Ropar, Mohali and Pathankot to respond the PIL filed against alleged rampant mining in the areas coming in their jurisdiction, HC directed them to either file a response by Monday or remain present in person before the court on that day.The directions have come in the wake of a petition filed by Darshan Singh seeking directions to put an end to illegal mining in the state. On October 31, Punjab and Haryana high court had refused the Punjab government to allow auction of the mining site in the state without proper environmental clearance. Earlier on November 3, HC had directed the Union government and the state government to come up with details of essential safeguards so as to protect environment during the mining process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531533", "title": "Nandita Das\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s K-Town comeback", "text": "Looks like theatre is taking centre stage in Nandita Das' schedule, given that her last B-Town outing, I Am, was released more than a year ago.\"The last three years have been very hectic for me. As a mother of a twoyear-old and as the Chairperson of Children's Film Society, India (CFSI), taking time out to direct a film was out of the question. I want to start on something next year. I am also doing a play with French director Eric Vigner, with my husband. This will be part of the Bonjour India celebrations,\" says Nandita.Amidst her busy schedule, the actress did find time to work on her Kollywood comeback. \"The film is about fishermen who accidently cross international borders at sea, and get shot at or caught by border security forces of the other country. It's a heartwarming story, with a political undertone.I play the role of a fisherman's wife who questions many of the existing laws with the innocence and strength of a simple village woman. Her journey is seen both when she is young and then older. I play the latter,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17531623", "title": "Puri Jagannath planning another Bollywood film?", "text": "Looks like the Bollywood bug has bitten Puri Jagannath once again as the maverick director is on the cusp of lining up another Bollywood project. Sources say that Puri has left to the B-Town to discuss about the prospects of his next Bollywood film. While none of the details about the script and cast have come out, film buffs have been waiting with bated breath to find out more on this venture.Puri's Bollywood debut film Bbuddah Hoga Terra Baap, starring Amitabh Bachchan , has got some good reviews and the director has been showered with praises for tailoring the script to suit Amitabh Bachchan's body language.Let's see who will Puri zero in on to work with this time around.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17526630", "title": "Benazir to be notified a protected monument!", "text": "BHOPAL: The state government on Friday caught unawares about the two 'satyagrahas' - the one by the local residents protesting the damage to the historic Benazir palace and the other about the shoot of Prakash Jha's new Bollywood flick ''Satyagraha'- rushed to announce that Benazir palace would be declared a protected monument. The TOI had published a report stating how the status of the heritage site is being altered by setting up a temporary market in the premises.The district administration has also asked the film producer for an affidavit seeking restoration of the palace grounds after the 70 day shoot which begins January 26 to its original shape.Earlier, the national monument authority and social action group, the Bhopal citizens forum had raised concern over a construction company and a film crew being given permission to use the grounds. Officials from the district administration, directorate of archaeology, archives and museums and Madhya Pradesh tourism development corporation (MPTDC) were on site throughout the day.\"First notification about Benazir palace will come out any day, now. The proposal has been forwarded to the government,\" said commissioner of archaeology, archives and museums Pankaj Rag. If there are no objections, it would be a declared a protected monument within two months, he added.\"We have nothing to do with the shoot of the film,\" said Rag unaware of the fact that the film producers have got approval from the district administration for filming within the premises of the historic palace.\"The building is in our possession and they have sought permission for the shoot. They would pay Rs 2 lakh per month for it,\" said district collector Nikunj Shrivastava.\"My officers would be present in that case,\" said Rag insisting that any modifications to the basic structure would not be permitted.Rag said that once the palace is deemed protected, his department would spend about Rs 1 crore for the restoration of the Benazir palace. Conservationists have credited Rag for his role in stopping the demolition of the Military Gate (near EME centre, Shahjehanabad) which was to be razed down, some year ago.As for the ground of the Benazir palace, the district collector has asked film producers to submit an affidavit that the grounds would be restored to its original state. \"There is no harm in shooting as per norms. However, they will have to restore the grounds according to our specifications after the shoot and beautify it too,\" said Shrivastava. \"We will reconsider the contract with Nagarjuna Construction Company if the ground is to be restored,\" he added.Local co-ordinator for Prakash Jha productions, Zulfikar Ali said the affidavit would be submitted at the earliest. \"Prakash Jha has an impeccable record while filming in Bhopal. The best example is that of Minto Hall which was restored,\" said Ali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17527242", "title": "Theoretical lessons take practical shape", "text": "Preparing project reports on sand dunes across the world is how around 50 students from classes VI to IX of Bal Bharti Public School narrated their experiences from a trip to Jaisalmer, on Friday. The students prepared folders with interactive information on sand dunes of the world, including those of Thar and Sahara deserts. Taking into account the climatic conditions in different regions, the students analyzed the inter-dependence of cultural practices and geographic conditions. While they tried to set up the desert ambience by wearing harems, veils and other Middle-East attire, the music and props added an Arabic essence to the entire atmosphere.Parkash Utsav celebrations Parkash Utsav of Sri Guru Nanak Dev was celebrated on Friday with great devotion and zeal by the students, teachers and management committee of Gujranwala Guru Nanak Public School. The prgramme was initiated with \"bhog\" of \"Sahaj Path\" followed by soul elevating \"kirtan\", \"sakhi\", poems and speeches rendered by students of primary and senior section. Students were fervently served \"langar\" which was partaken by the Sangat.Annual sports day Tagore Public School organized their annual sports day for the kindergarten section on Friday. More than 200 students participated and competed in a series of games and activities which were held at the school. The main events were flat race, frog race, relay race, tricycle and spoon race. Speaking on the occasion, principal Suman Arora said while academics are important, participation in games is equally important. Kids go grocery shopping Marking the day with fun and learning, the students of Ryan International School celebrated Green Grocer Day on Friday. A virtual vegetable market was created where the children learned to buy vegetables in exchange of money which was an initiation at their level towards commercial activity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17529161", "title": "Cops nab Naina's killers, piece together brutal plot", "text": "JAIPUR: After arresting two persons for kidnapping and killing nine-year-old Naina, the police on Friday began piecing together the facts that led to the tragic end of the child.The killers revealed that after strangulating Naina, the body was set on fire and then dumped into a well, almost 30km from her house in Devi Nagar. Naina was kidnapped on November 28. A financially broke distant relative and his friend had committed the crime to extract a ransom of Rs 50 lakh from Naina's family.The duo - both in their early twenties - had fallen on bad times after incurring huge business losses. As the girl knew the relative well due to his frequent visits to her house, they had to kill her immediately after the kidnap to avoid identification by the police and her family members later. After committing the heinous crime, the duo had allegedly called the girl's maternal grandfather seeking a ransom on December 3 despite finishing her off on November 28. The duo had planned to burn the body, however, fearing that somebody would get a whiff of the incident, they dumped it in a well near Kalwada village, the police said.According to police, the accused - Nitansh Sain who is related to Naina from her mother's side and Gaurav Chheepa - ran readymade garment shops in Crystal Court Mall situated near Gaurav Towers in Malviya Nagar. \"They had to close down their trade after huge losses. Desperate to earn a quick buck, they plotted to kidnap someone for ransom ,\" said additional commissioner of police (law and order) Biju Jorge Joseph.Nitansh, who had dropped out of school while pursuing Class XII from Delhi and shifted to Jaipur, is a resident of Swej Farm in Jaipur. He had developed friendship with Gaurav while running the shop next to his. Gaurav, who had completed BSc from Subodh College recently and lives in the Sanganer area.\"The girl's maternal uncle Rajendra Sain has two sons - Pushpendra and Dharmendra. Nitansh is a cousin of Dharmendra's wife Seema,\" said the officer.BLOODY TRAILNaina's uncle Nitansh and his friend Gaurav kidnapped her from near her house around 5 pm on November 28 They fled towards Bagru and strangulated her The body was taken in a sack and put on fire. The duo dumped it into a well near Kalwada village The duo called the girl's grandfather on Dec 3 seeking 50 lakh ransom A SIM card, procured with fake papers, was used to make the call", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17530770", "title": "US Supreme Court will hear gay marriage cases", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Supreme Court will take up California's ban on same-sex marriage, a case that could give the justices the chance to rule on whether gay Americans have the same constitutional right to marry as heterosexuals.The justices said on Friday they will review a federal appeals court ruling that struck down the state's gay marriage ban, though on narrow grounds. The San Francisco-based appeals court said the state could not take away the same-sex marriage right that had been granted by California's Supreme Court.The court also will decide whether Congress can deprive legally married gay couples of federal benefits otherwise available to married people. A provision of the federal Defence of Marriage Act limits a range of health and pension benefits, as well as favourable tax treatment, to heterosexual couples.The cases probably will be argued in March, with decisions expected by late June.Gay marriage is legal, or will be soon, in nine states-- Connecticut, Iowa, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New York, Vermont, Washington--and the District of Columbia.Federal courts in California have struck down the state's constitutional ban on same-sex marriage, but that ruling has not taken effect while the issue is being appealed. Voters in Maine, Maryland and Washington approved gay marriage earlier this month.But 31 states have amended their constitutions to prohibit same-sex marriage. North Carolina was the most recent example in May. In Minnesota earlier this month, voters defeated a proposal to enshrine a ban on gay marriage in that state's constitution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17528144", "title": "Karnataka HC: Kill dogs that are a menace", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Friday said disease-free, vaccinated and sterilized stray dogs that are a menace to the public can be exterminated in a humane manner.A division bench of Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen and Justice B V Nagarathna said, however, that dogs cannot be culled en masse. Asking the Bangalore municipal corporation to verify the activities of NGOs involved in sterilization and vaccination of stray dogs, the court directed it to ensure clearance of garbage to keep stray dogs in check.The court also said guidelines should be framed for compensation to victims attacked by stray dogs. The owners of pet dogs must ensure they are not a menace or cause nuisance in public places, the court said, adding they must keep their pets on leash when outdoors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17528728", "title": "Spurt in kids enrolling for abacus training", "text": "MYSORE: Abacus academies in Mysore have seen a gradual rise in the number of children joining classes, with the maximum in the 5-8 year age group. These brain gym classes held on weekends help students solve mathematical problems easily.When the UP academy started in 2005, there were around 15 children. Over the years, the number has swelled into hundreds, with 60% of children in the age group of 5 to 8, said chairperson Vijayalaksmi Muralidhar.Attending abacus classes develops speed and accuracy in mathematics, using basic methods. Children also develop an aptitude and liking for the subject in a short time, claim trainers.Bhanu Jayraj, mother of Akhil Raj, 9, said, \"I enrolled him in class three years ago. It's helped him solve mathematical problems.\"Working on the abacus for 15 minutes keeps me stress-free throughout the day, claimed private firm employee Deepshika K.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17527121", "title": "Corporation of Chennai to crack down on tree advertisers", "text": "CHENNAI: The Corporation of Chennai has decided to crack down on firms placing advertisements on trees using nails following complaints from environmentalists that the growth of trees has been affected because of this.Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said they would tie up with Nizhal, an NGO whose volunteers will help remove nails from the trees. Trees near bus stops, railway stations and other crowded places are mainly targeted. \"The volunteers will also provide the names of firms who nail the advertisement boards to trees and we will take stringent action against them,\" he said.Some advertisers say trees with thick barks are unlikely to be damaged by small nails. Activists disagree. Says Shoba Menon of Nizhal says: \"We have seen entire trees covered with boards and removed several kilos of long and rusty nails from a single tree on Venkatnarayana Road in T Nagar. Wounds on trees can leave them open to fungal attacks and reduce their life span.\"Many advertisers say they prefer such advertising. \"It is not difficult to put up as it is free. Also, it lasts long and is more visible,\" said an official of a firm teaching 'Spoken English' in T Nagar.Others say even \"activists of political parties nail their banners and boards to trees.\"Many residents have welcomed the civic body's initiative. \"But it should be implemented strictly,\" said Vijaya Kumari of Ayanavaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "17528779", "title": "CMC gets wise, begins waste segregation", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: Chikmagalur City Municipality (CMC) has started preparing biowaste from the vegetable waste generated in the weekly (Wednesday) shandy in the city. It has established 30 polythene tanks to prepare 30 tonnes of vermicompost.CMC president C R Premakumar and commissioner H G Prabhakar said, a coffee planter who is using vermicompost for his coffee estate has come forward to purchase all the compost generated by the CMC by paying Rs 4 per kg of vermicompost. Each polythene tank will produce one ton of bio manure in two months and CMC can sell 30 tonnes of bio manure which will fetch Rs 1.20 lakh.The CMC plans to start this type of vermicompost preparation units in all the wards and they will use a corner of the park in that ward. The bio degradable waste they collect from the houses will be used to prepare manure.Every day the city produces 42-45 tonnes of waste of which 20 tonnes not segregated. The non-segregated waste which includes plastic, glass, and metals will be sent to the main dumping yard at Indavara and rest will be used for the production of bio waste in all the wards.This will reduce the burden on the dumping yard and will also lessen transportation cost and time for the CMC.Residents in wards will have to segregate waste as bio degradable and non-degradable while handing it over to the pushcarts. The CMC has also placed an order for a machine that shreds waste like coconut fronds and banana leaves so that will mix well with the soil. The machine will cost just Rs.1.25 lakhs.With the help of Dharmasthala rural project, the civic body hopes to be able to collect segregated waste from all the houses within two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17527668", "title": "Blow to CBI, spl team to probe lawyer son death", "text": "CHENNAI: In a slap on the CBI's face, the Madras high court has taken away the probe into the mystery death of a lawyer's son from the central investigative agency and handed it over to a special investigation team headed by former CBI director R K Raghavan.S Sathish Kumar, 24, son of advocate and human rights activist R Sankarasubbu, was found dead in June 2011 and ever since the case has proved to be a hot potato for both investigators and the high court.A bench comprising Justice R Banumathi, Justice S Nagamuthu and Justice P R Shivakumar gave Raghavan full liberty to choose his own personnel from the state police for the SIT. He will be assisted by forensic science professor Dr M Narayana Reddy of Osmania University, Hyderabad. Directing the CBI to hand over the case bundle and details to the SIT immediately, the judges asked the latter to submit a status report to the court within three months.Dissatisfied with the central agency's theory that it was a case of suicide, the judges said: \"For the moment, we are not prepared to say that the CBI has prepared the records deliberately to make out a case of suicide. We only say the CBI has not investigated the case thoroughly from various angles to come to a logical conclusion. Its conclusion is not fully supported by facts and circumstances.\"Kumar, a law graduate, left his Anna Nagar home on June 7 last year, and never returned. His dead body, bearing cut injuries, was found floating in a lake near ICF police station outpost on June 13. Since then, the cases seeking a fair probe into the death have seen at least four HC benches involving eight judges. Investigation too was taken from away the Thirumangalam police and given to the CBI after senior counsel N Natarajan and S Prabakaran, who represented the lawyers' associations, expressed no confidence in the police probe. The CBI filed seven reports, and the last report filed on March 6 sought to close the matter as a case of suicide.Justice Nagamuthu, writing the judgment for the bench, picked several holes in the CBI's conclusion and said the agency had not conducted the investigation properly. The order pointed out that forensic expert Dr T D Dogra did not conclusively say it was a case of suicide. The agency had sought Dogra's opinion after a special team of doctor, set up by the HC to conduct postmortem after lawyers alleged attempts by police to influence the probe, said the death was due to shock and haemorrhage.Quoting from CBI's own status reports filed periodically before the high court, the bench said that from the beginning the agency was probing it as a case of murder. That is the reason why the CBI examined several criminals and suspected persons. While so, in its last report, the CBIsaid Kumar died of suicidal injuries. Disbelieving the CBI theory that he might have cut himself with a razor and fallen into water, the judges said: \"We have our own doubts about the correctness of this conclusion. If it is true that he had fallen into water immediately after four injuries, he would have fallen alive and his lungs would have been full of water. This aspect has not been properly investigated by the CBI.\"Pointing out that the decomposition changes were uniform all over Kumar's body, they said: \"It is a common knowledge that if the body is on land and exposed to the atmospheric temperature and pressure, mostly the decomposition changes on the body will be uniform. But when the body immersed in water starts floating, the portion of the body which is exposed to air and sun would start decomposing rapidly than the portion immersed in water. This aspect also has not been thoroughly investigated by the CBI.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17531227", "title": "Odisha Govt to re-introduce GIA system for teachers salary", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: In a major relief for the thousands of school teachers, the Odisha government on Friday announced reintroduction of grant-in-aid system of payment instead of block grant from the next fiscal.Announced this in the assembly, School and Mass Education minister Rabi N Nanda said that the state government had taken in-principle decision to introduce the GIA system of payment for school teachers instead of the block grant mode.Stating that the state government would formulate a GIA policy within two months, the minister said teachers working under block grant mode payment system for eight years, would get priority on the first phase.The department would place the new GIA policy in the Cabinet by February, 2013, Nanda said adding that the cabinet would be requested to reconsider its earlier decision of November 23, 2012 in the matter of salary for teachers.There were 1982 schools under the block grant mode of payment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17527556", "title": "Taunted, ex-soldier guns down bank guard, cashier", "text": "KOLKATA: A retired Armyman, described by colleagues and neighbours as a disciplined, mild-mannered person, on Friday shot dead two of his colleagues in the bank he worked as a security guard.Sunil Sarkar, 55, fired two shots into the neck of fellow guard Radhakrishna Mondol at SBI's Bhowanipore branch around noon. He reloaded his double-barrel gun, took the stairs to the first floor and walked up to cashier Manab Kumar Bose at Counter No. 3. Bose looked up and smiled. Sarkar lifted his gun, and fired two shots into his neck. He then calmly went to manager Chhabi Sarkar's cabin and surrendered his weapon, as bank employees and customers looked on in horror, hands raised over their heads.Everyone who knew Sarkar was shocked because no one believed the soft-spoken man was capable of such violence. Police have found that Sarkar was teased and taunted regularly by some people in the bank. Being the senior-most among the guards, he bitterly disliked being defied by his juniors, who often refused to follow the duty-roster prepared by him and took off on their own. Sarkar has reportedly told police that what drove him over the edge were taunts against his family, especially his children.Sarkar had done night shift on Thursday and his duty was to get over at 1pm. At 12.18pm, he was seen taking the stairs to the fourth floor along with Mondal, also a retired army man in his mid-40s. A little later, two shots were heard. The lunch break was approaching and the bank wasn't too crowded. \"Bank officials and customers were relaxed. We saw Sarkar enter the (first-floor) room. None of us had a clue he was about to open fire. He went to Manab Bose, who smiled at him. But Sarkar trained his gun and fired. The women started screaming. But Sarkar walked away unperturbed,\" said Bikash Ghosh, who operates the generator at the bank.Sarkar then headed for the manager's office. Chhabi Sarkar had rushed out just then on hearing the gunshots. She asked Sarkar what was happening, without knowing it was he who had opened fire. A few other guards gestured at her from a distance not to ask any questions. At the time, everyone knew only Bose had been killed. Sarkar told the manager he had shot Mondal, too. Chhabi kept her calm and asked him to sit in her chamber. As he handed her the gun, she passed it to a guard. The manager then locked the door from the outside and informed police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17527022", "title": "Make the most of sunny weekend, cloudy days ahead", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city woke up to a cloudy morning on Friday that kept the sun under wraps throughout the day. The sudden drop in temperature was attributed to the western disturbances prevailing over Jammu and Kashmir. But, the meteorological department has predicted a clear weekend ahead. Further drop in temperature and cloudy days with possibility of rain will begin only next week.The misty morning pushed children to brave the chilly weather on their way to the school, unlike past days this week, which were mostly sunny and warm.Sector-8 resident Sunita Nanda said she decided against sending her children to the school in the auto rickshaw and dropped them in her car considering the cold, cloudy weather. \"I was just waiting to wear those extra woollens anticipating a dip in temperature. I took them out on Friday,\" said Akash Jain of Sector 40.Sector 20 resident Loveleen Kaur said fearing rains after seeing the clouds, she even carried a raincoat all day. \"But, thankfully it didn't rain as a little sunny day is better in winter,\" she said.Met director Surinder Paul said the clouds will clear by Saturday, but the next week will witness cloudy and rainy days, which will intensify the cold as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17556081", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcAmavasya\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 to keep the stork away on 12-12-12", "text": "AURANGABAD: It may be a once-in-100 years opportunity, but expecting mothers are not really willing to have their babies born on 12-12-12 (December 12, 2012). Many who believe in the stars said that as per vedic shastra, the date is just before Amavasya which is not auspicious at all.Well-known city gynecologist Pratibha Kulkarni said, \"Two would-be-mothers had wanted the date but cancelled it after consulting their astrologers. One chose December 10 and another December 13. I had recommended caesarean (C-section) deliveries for these women between December 15 and 18 as their babies are big.\"Another gynecologist, Swati Shirodkar, of the Mahatma Gandhi Mission hospital, said, \"If a woman has completed her full-term pregnancy, it is all right if she wants to advance or postpone the date of delivery by a couple of days. We also allow a woman to deliver on a particular date, provided it is not risky for her and the child. But no woman has shown any interest till date for a C-section on December 12.\"Prerna Deodhar, critical care obstetrics and gynecologist at Kamalnayan Bajaj, said, \"Women do come with fancy requests, but these don't fit with the clinical boundaries. Some women have approached me with requests for a Caesarean in the wee hours of December 12, but I won't oblige unless it is an emergency.\"Architect Komal Sinha (31), a resident of Samarth Nagar, has opted for December 12 for her delivery as she was advised a C-section. \"I have some medical complications and was advised a C-section. My gynaecologist asked me to select a date between December 10 and 14, so I grabbed the opportunity and chose December 12 because it sounded good,\" she said.Another expecting mother, Pooja Deshmane, had earlier chosen the date but cancelled it later. \"My mother-in-law consulted the family astrologer who advised her that I should not take December 12 as it was not auspicious. We have now chosen December 15,\" she said.Gynecologist and infertility specialist Manju Jilla said, \"Though there are two inquiries for this date, neither woman has confirmed yet.\"Another gynecologist Veena Panat said, \"Though my maternity home performs an average 3-4 deliveries every day, no expecting mother has asked for December 12. The demand for deliveries is more on auspicious days according to the Hindu calendar. Doctors won't allow any woman to undergo a C-section delivery if she has not completed 36 weeks of pregnancy. We don't allow women to risk their lives or that of the baby simply to deliver on a fancy date. I personally believe that delivering a child is a divine process, which should not be interfered with unnecessarily.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17528655", "title": "CM hardsells small yet beautiful Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee didn't float dreams to win hearts. Instead, she showcased Bengal as it is with its prospects and problems that touched the 600-odd IIT alumni who have listened to international stalwarts such as Hillary Clinton, Bill Gates and Manmohan Singh in the previous meets.\"You must have heard about Bengal from several corners. We live in a democracy where there are diverse views and opinions. I need not tell you about them. You know better than me. Yet, let me tell you what our government is doing,\" the chief minister said while addressing the Pan IIT Global Conference 2012, at Science City on Friday.In a bid to allay fears about the poor work culture in Bengal, the CM said that there has been a dramatic change in the work culture scenario in the state. \"You would be happy to know that mandays lost in Bengal due to strike has come down drastically from nearly 68 lakhs in 2009-10 and 66 lakh in 2010-11, to only 60,000 in 2011-12. During ongoing 2012-13, such loss of mandays is reportedly around 5,000,\" the CM said.Her candid speech had the desirable impact on the audience. Boston Pledge and Partha S Ghosh and Associates chairman made way to the dais to congratulate the chief minister for her 'inspirational speech'. \"Her speech was practical and philosophical as well. I have never seen anyone giving such emotional speech in a dignified way. She acted like a true statesman when she appealed for investment not only for Bengal but for other eastern states also,\" Ghosh added. Krishna Khanna chairman and founder of India 1st or Subrata Ghosh of M N Dastur were equally impressed.Mamata didn't make any tall claims. She took to her \"small is beautiful\" theory to showcase Bengal with its Darjeeling Tea, Nakshi Kantha, Baluchari, leather goods from Santiniketan, premium mangoes and other technical sectors such as animation, film cities, cultural complex, tourism, textiles and many more. The chief minister made a fervent appeal to the gathering to lobby for Bengal. \"Please help us attract investment here. Bengal is a small state but small is beautiful,\" she said.Apart from the six products that have qualified for the Geographical Indication (GI) from the world community and the WTO, the CM announced that a new IT policy is on the cards that will facilitate the way for a couple of IT hubs and hardware parks. While talking about infrastructure, the CM informed that the government has already set up the West Bengal Highway Corporation to develop the road network on the lines of the Golden Qaudrilateral Project. Mamata also announced her government's plans to set up airports across the state apart from the new airport terminal in the city.Describing Bengal as a power surplus state, the CM said that the government was setting up land bank to solve land problems for industry. Mamata took the opportunity to mention that the state's SDP growth has been greater than the national average and its revenues have grown by 35% between April and September this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527124", "title": "Corporation plans three parking categories to fill its coffers", "text": "NEW DELHI: In his 2013-14 budget estimates speech, South Delhi Municipal Corporation commissioner Manish Gupta has proposed to increase parking charges and introduce three types of parking lots \u00e2\u20ac\u201d premium surface-level parking, other surface-level parking and multi-level parking.The premium surface-level parking rates will be applicable, if implemented, in all major markets like Defence Colony, GK-I &II;, South Ex Part- I &amp; II, and other parking sites in south Delhi will have surface-level parking rates.At present, the parking rate for cars is Rs 10 for first 10 hours and Rs 20 for more and the commissioner is proposing rates on hourly basis. The corporation hopes that the proposal will be cleared and it will help boost the revenue by Rs 25 crore.\"There is an urgent need to hike parking rates. Rs 10 is nothing and when people can pay much higher prices in malls and other places, they can easily pay this much. We don't have any vacant land as most of our area is plotted and we cannot make parking lots under parks after EPCA guidelines. The demand for parking, especially in South Delhi, is very high and we have to cater to everyone with this limited space. There is also less scope to develop parking sites due to non-availability of land. To encourage people to use more public transport, there is a need to hike the parking rates,\" said Gupta.Meanwhile, the ruling party BJP has maintained its stand that they won't burden the people of the capital with more tax and hiked rates. However, after the budget presentation, Subhash Arya, leader of the House said \"we will think over these proposals and then decide.\"But no new parking project has been mentioned in the budget and of the 11 multi-level parking projects taken up under JNNURM scheme in 2008; none has seen the light of the day. Even the parking lots which were ready and inaugurated are yet to be thrown open for public. The Hauz Khas parking lot, inaugurated with much fanfare in February before municipal polls, is yet not operational.Surprisingly, the officials are clueless and blame other departments for the delay. \"The parking lot is complete but it is yet to be handed over to the RP cell from engineering department. Then only we can float tenders and it can be used,\" said a senior Corporation official. However, an engineering department official said that they are just giving finishing touches to the parking lot but the RP cell can anytime take over the parking from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17528751", "title": "India misguided, paranoid over China: Guha", "text": "MUMBAI: A good half-hour into the discussion on 'India, China and the World', historian Ramachandra Guha issued a disclaimer\u00e2\u20ac\u201dall the three members on the panel had been to China only once. \"We should learn their language, promote quality research, and have a panel on China driven by Chinese scholars,\" he said. And that was the general tenor of the debate\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthat the Indian attitude to China was influenced by a mix of ignorance, cautious optimism about partnerships and a whole lot of misguided paranoia. \"Don't demonise the Chinese, please,\" Guha finally said in response to a question.\"China has existed in our imaginations,\" observed Sunil Khilnani, professor of politics and author of The Idea Of India. \"There's been very little sustained engagement with the reality of China and very little of our own produced knowledge about China.\" It was after the events of 1962 ('war' in the popular imagination, 'skirmish' to the scholars participating in the discussion), explained Khilnani, that a miffed India \"withdrew\". It's the 50th anniversary of that exchange this year, and \"what we haven't been able to do is learn from the defeat\", observed Khilnani. Both could have benefited from greater engagement. \"China has had a very clear focus on primary education and achieved high levels of literacy before its economic rise. It has also addressed the issue of land reform,\" said Khilnani. Guha added that China could learn from the \"religious, cultural and linguistic pluralism\" in India.But China and India weren't always so out of sync with each other. Srinath Raghavan, a scholar of military history, got both Guha and Khilnani to talk about pre-1962 relations between the two when the picture was rosier. Tagore was interested in China and so was Gandhi. Both were very large countries with large populations and shared what Guha calls a \"lack of cultural inferiority\". \"They were both,\" he continued, \"also heavily dependent on peasant communities.\" Nehru was appreciative of China's will to modernize and industrialize and its adoption of technology to achieve those ends. In turn, Chinese politicians argued for Indian independence.Things soured more, feel both Khilnani and Guha, after the Dalai Lama fled to India in 1959. \"He was welcomed here as a spiritual leader but the intensification of the conflict dates to the Dalai Lama's flight,\" said Guha. Both Guha and Khilnani argued that Nehru's decision to not react aggressively to China's occupation of Tibet was, in the long run, the right one and prevented further \"militarization\" of the region. An audience member wondered if that didn't make India \"China's puppet\". Guha disagreed. \"If there's a Tibetan culture alive today,\" he said, \"it's not because of Richard Gere . Don't believe in the hypocrisy of the Western countries. Will they give them land, employment, dignified refuge? The Tibetans is one of the few cases in which our record is honorable.\"But the difference in levels of development and the lopsided trade relations between the two countries have only fuelled the suspicions many Indians seem to harbour about China. People were worried, said Guha, even about cricket balls made in China. Audience questions reflected those worries. A member asked about China's \"strategy to conquer the world\" and its likely impact on India. Guha cautioned against stereotypes; Khilnani explained, \"History is littered with the debris of states that have tried to dominate the world. What we're doing may be more long-lasting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17527604", "title": "Dispel myths about FDI, Rahul Gandhi tells Congress workers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi on Friday held meetings with party workers in Amethi and tried to dispel the 'myths' being attached to the FDI by the Opposition parties. Briefing the grass-roots party workers about the cash transfer subsidy and Congress party's tirade against corruption, Rahul motivated the block-level party workers to spread awareness about Centre's schemes. He also tried to infuse a sense of responsibility among the workers and asked them to pull up their socks for the 2014 general elections.Rahul said it was time for them (party workers) to fan out in their respective regions carrying the party's message and belief in FDI, cash transfer subsidy and party's tirade against corruption.\"Our achievements need to be publicised properly among the local people before others manage to take advantage of the situation,\" he said.Rahul arrived at the Fursatganj airport in the morning and was driving down to Himanshu Junior High School in Kokari area to attend a meeting with the party workers of Deeh block, when his motorcade was blocked by a group of local youths who wanted to share their grievances with the Congress leader.Rahul got his motorcade stopped and came out of his SUV to talk to them.The local youths handed over a memorandum to him about the unemployment prevailing in the region and demanded that the Congress must initiate projects that could generate employment for the local youths of the area.He assured them that the local youths will get jobs once the Malvika Steel in Jagdishpur and Ordnance factory in Munshiganj started operations.Talking to the block leaders, Rahul denied that the lower-level party leaders were being sidelined. It may be mentioned here that during Rahul's November 7 visit to Amethi, some of the block-level Congress leaders of Deeh had expressed their displeasure over being neglected by the party's top leadership.\"No one is big or small in a party. Each and every member is equally important,\" Rahul said, adding that he and his family had been connected to Amethi not merely because it has been their family's parliamentary constituency but because he saw the people of Amethi as a member of his family. \"It's for this bonding with you people that I come here to meet you,\" he said. He promised to return next month and take up their demand for hand pumps and road repair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17527077", "title": "International boxing body KOs India, pugilists left out in cold", "text": "NEW DELHI: The rot in Indian sports administration, which was exposed by the International Olympic Committee's suspension of the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) on Tuesday, has now consumed the country's elite medal-winning Olympic athletes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the boxers.On Friday, Indian boxing was floored by the International Boxing Association (AIBA), which provisionally suspended the Indian Amateur Boxing Federation (IABF) for \"possible manipulation of the recent IABF election\" . The Indian federation had recently created a new post of 'chairman' to accommodate its long-serving president Abhey Singh Chautala and unanimously elected Chautala's brotherin-law Abhishek Matoria as president.Matoria's name allegedly did not figure in the federation's electoral college , which meant he was not eligible to contest. AIBA's action came after Meghalaya State Boxing Association president John F Kharshiling raised the issue of \"irregularities\" in the IABF elections.IOC freezes IOA bank accountsThe International Olympic Committee has frozen the suspended Indian Olympic Association's bank accounts, following the latter's bid to access two accounts with Rs 20 crore in all, by forwarding a letter to the banks naming Abhey Chautala, Lalit Bhanot and N Ramachandran as the new IOA office-bearers . P 28STINGING BLOWAfter suspension, Indian boxers can take part in international boxing body (AIBA) events, including Olympics, only if they are sent by IOA, which has also been suspended So, Indian boxers can only participate under AIBA flag .De-Recognition Of IABF Raises Questions About IOA President's CandidacyBANGALORE: With the world body suspending the Indian Amateur Boxing Federation (IABF) and its chairman Abhey Singh Chautala under pressure to quit his post which was newly created to circumvent the Sports Code, the Haryana politician's unanimous election as president of the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) is now under scrutiny.Chautala got the licence to stand for IOA elections only after he entered the electoral college as one of the three representatives of the IABF. The other two persons nominated by the boxing federation were Chautala's brother-in-law Abhishek Matoria, who replaced Chautala as the IABF president and Bhupinder Singh . To bypass the sports code, Chautala was nominated as the chairman.Now that IABF elections themselves are not being recognized by the world body and the sports ministry and the stage set for re-elections , Chautala's participation at the IOA AGM itself is under scrutiny. That means if Chautala was not among the three nominees of boxing federation , then he couldn't have contested the elections.Chautala tried to explain the position saying that if not boxing he would have come to the meeting through the Haryana Olympic Association (HOA) much like Lalit Bhanot who got on the voters' list through Delhi Olympic Association as he was not holding any position in the Athletics Federation of India.But as per the records, the Haryana association, racked by factionalism, was represented by one member from each group at the AGM - Sher Singh Barshami and HS Badu. In fact, the two ballots of the HOA were kept sealed along with that of the Indian Hockey Federation and The Gymnastics Federation.No ministry recognition for IOA eitherThe sports ministry said that it did not recognize the IOA elections as no official intimation about the results had been notified to it yet.\"First, we need the IOA to officially inform us about the election results. Then we would study the report of our observer who attended the elections. Even then we cannot guarantee that we would recognize the elections because we need to study the issue in its totality, including the objections raised by IOC,\" ministry sources told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17529074", "title": "Identified: Hot spots for most powerful quakes", "text": "MELBOURNE: Researchers have pinpointed the locations - like Indonesia's Sumatra Island - where the world's largest earthquakes are most likely to take place, with greater accuracy than ever before.\"Subduction zones, where one plate slips under another, have long been known to harbour very powerful earthquakes but our research suggests that regions where fracture zones on the seafloor meet subduction zones are at much higher risk,\" said Dietmar Muller from University of Sydney.\"Our new method picks up many regions prone to recurring earthquakes over long time periods, including some where no large earthquakes have occurred in the last 100 or so years. Our results could contribute to much-needed improvements of long-term seismic hazard maps,\" he said.The coasts of Southern Chile and Peru, Indonesia's Sumatra Island, and several regions along the eastern Eurasian coastline, are some of the regions prone to great earthquakes. \"We found that 87% of the 15 largest (8.6 magnitude or higher) and half of the 50 largest (8.4 magnitude or higher) earthquakes of the past century are associated with areas of intersection between oceanic fracture zones and subduction zones,\" said Muller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17528517", "title": "Panel spells out how state can quantify illegal mining itself", "text": "PANAJI: The central empowered committee's interim report recommends that the state government may be directed to ascertain the lease-wise details of iron ore legally produced by lease holders from 2005-2006 onwards, the consignor-wise details of iron ore of Goan origin exported and used domestically, and based on these the quantity of illegal iron ore exported by the consignors.\"The chief secretary, government of Goa, may be directed to file these details within a period of three months,\" states the report.\"This court ( Supreme Court), after considering the above report and other details, may (then) consider passing appropriate directions for compensation payable by the persons found to be involved in production, trade or export of illegal iron ore,\" it adds.The chief secretary, government of Goa, may also be directed to file every month an action taken report before the court and till a decision in respect of all such mining leases is taken, further recommends the report.It wants that the state may also be directed to take immediate action for determination of the mining leases found to have been operating in violation of Rule 37 (1) of the Mineral Concession Rule, 1960, in accordance with Rule 37 (3), Mineral Concession Rule, 1960.On the panel's future report, CEC member secretary M K Jiwraka stated, \"The CEC will be filing its recommendations in due course regarding the punitive action against the erring officials, other public functionaries and others, compensation payable by the defaulting lease holders and others, cancellation of the mining leases which are found to be involved in substantial illegal mining and other serious illegalities and other issues (if any) which have not been adequately dealt with in this report.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17530952", "title": "Alicia Keys honours Oprah Winfrey", "text": "Singer Alicia Keys paid tributes to chat show queen Oprah Winfrey for her philanthropic efforts.Keys honoured Winfrey at her Keep a Child Alive Black Ball Redux held Thursday.The \"Girl on Fire\" hitmaker, whose charity assists those affected by HIV and AIDS in Africa and India, paid tribute to the talk show host for her philanthropic efforts, including her school, The Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy for Girls in South Africa.\"It's a universal truth, Oprah makes change happen,\" contactmusic.com quoted Keys as saying.Before Winfrey took to the stage, a video was played on screen explaining the launch of the school and also detailing the 58-year-old's own struggles travelling with maids from the inner city out to the suburbs to attend a better high school.\"When I look at African girls I see myself. I continue to work for them to have the same opportunities that I have,\" said Winfrey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17527867", "title": "Man shot at in broad daylight, critical", "text": "KANPUR: A man was shot at from close range in broad daylight near Central Park area in the limits of Fazalganj police station here on Friday.According to reports, Sanjay Pandey (50), a resident of Chandelwali Gali in Darshanpurwa, was on way to a rickshaw hiring company to hire a rickshaw when the incident occurred.\"As he was about to reach the company in Central Park area, an unidentified man astride a motorcycle fired at him from close range,\" said a police official.Pandey earlier worked as an accountant in a private firm in Unnao district. After losing the job, he was earning his livelihood as a rickshaw-puller.Police said after being shot, he was rushed to the hospital where doctors stated his condition to be critical. \"As the bullet was shot, people thought that it was the sound of a tyre burst.Pandey was then seen lying in a pool of blood. He was taken to a nearby hospital by the police and passersby,\" said the police official. Eyewitnesses said Sanjay was shot twice at point-blank range. The attacker left the spot on his two-wheeler without being challenged, sources said.Senior police official visited the spot and conducted an investigation. Police said Sanjay's family members have not been able to name any suspect in the case. However, sources said Sanjay was involved in a dispute with his former employer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "jamnagar/ahmedabad", "code": "17530826", "title": "Narendra Modi: Sonia Gandhi \"spreading lies\" against Gujarat govt", "text": "JAMNAGAR/AHMEDABAD: Countering Sonia Gandhi's charges that the ruling BJP's promises were \"hollow and false\", chief minister Narendra Modi on Friday attacked the Congress president saying she was \"spreading lies\" against his government.\"It is shameful how Sonia Gandhi is spreading lies on issues about which Congress has lost right to speak,\" Modi told a poll rally.\"Mrs Gandhi says Gujarat roads are bad. Is that believable? She says Gujarat farmers are ruined. Is that how Gujarat sees 11 per cent growth in agriculture?\" Modi said.Earlier in the day, while addressing poll rallies in Mandvi in South Gujarat and Keshod in Saurashtra, the UPA chairperson had criticised BJP's development claims in Gujarat terming them as \"hollow and false\".Treading cautiously, Sonia highlighted \"failures\" of the state on a range of fronts including law and order, welfare of farmers and tribals, amongst others, without naming the Gujarat chief minister.\"Women do not find it safe going outside after 6:30 pm in Delhi....But Madam Sonia ji says situation of law and order is not good in Gujarat...She has no right to speak on law and order,\" Modi said reacting to Sonia's comment.The chief minister addressed public rallies in Falla, Jamnagar and Ahmedabad.Giving an example of the girl, who had been arrested from Palghar in Maharashtra for her comments on Facebook about late Bal Thackeray, Modi said, \"She prefers to stay in Gujarat over Maharashtra.\"The girl and her family have shifted to Gujarat. \"Think seven times before spreading canards on Gujarat,\" Modi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17530127", "title": "Aamir keen on to make Mahabharata, wants Krishna's role", "text": "Superstar Aamir Khan dreams of bringing the epic tale of Mahabharata on the big screen, but says he lacks courage to do it.\"My dream is to make Mahabharata and I don't know if I will be able to fulfil this dream or not. It is a very difficult dream and a scary dream, because every time I think about it I feel I won't be able to do it. I am unable to gather the courage,\" Aamir said at an event.\"It is such a huge responsibility. I don't know if I will be able to fulfil it or not. This subject has been in my heart from a long time,\" he added.Asked what character he would want to play from the epic story, the 47-year-old said: \"My favourite character is Karna. But I feel I won't be able to do that role. I don't suit the character. I think I would suit the role of Krishna.\"Meanwhile, the actor is riding high on the box-office success of his suspense thriller \" Talaash\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17526940", "title": "PC-24x7 promises 50% of dues to its employees by December 15", "text": "GURGAON: PC-24x7 Care Solution Company, a call centre located in DLF-III, Gurgaon, has promised to pay 50% of what is due (three months' salary) on December 15 to its employees who had protested against non-payment of their three-month salaries. The remaining amount would be paid on January 20, the company said.However, the employees, who are out of job now, are still searching for new jobs and are worried about the provident fund amount, which was deducted every month from their salary. Victor, one of the protesting employees of the company, said, \"Though the company has promised to pay salaries to the employees in two parts several issues are yet to be resolved\". The company has failed to submit the provident fund money, even after deducting it, he said.Victor said the first promised salary instalment was expected on December 15 and if the company failed to disburse it the employees would intensify the protest and file a case with police.On Wednesday, around 150 employees of the company protested in Sushant Lok and in front of the call centre in DLF-III. They alleged that Vikas Aggarwal and Anuj Aggarwal, residents of Westend Heights, Sushant Lok, have been running the call centre in DLF-III but they were planning to flee abroad after locking up the call centre without paying them their salaries for three months.Only after police intervention followed by a meeting at the Sushant Lok police station, the company officials gave their written assurance to the employees that they would provide the salaries to employees. Despite repeated attempts by TOI, the company officials could not be reached for their comment.The employees of the call centre located in DLF-III, who are out of job now, are still searching for new jobs and are worried about the PF amount, which was deducted every month from their salary", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17528713", "title": "MCC gets expert help for handling waste", "text": "MYSORE: As a follow-up action after IconSWM-2012, the international conference organized by International Society of Waste Management, Air and Water, Centre for Quality Management System ( ISWMAW), Jadavpur University, has sanctioned four partially funded projects to Mysore City Corporation, said MCC Commissioner M R Ravi.Addressing mediapersons on Monday, he said the first project will be design and installation of pilot biogas plant and preparing a Decision Support System (DSS) for waste to energy plant. According to the project, a pilot biogas plant will be established at Kesare with a capacity to process 100kg to 200kg of bio-degradable wastes and green wastes.The kitchen wastes will be collected from hotels and eateries in and around Mysore. The plant will generate nearly 10 cum of gas per day which can be used as fuel. The project will be an example to implement biogas project in small sizes in towns.Project Compendium-SWM Best Practices, which is the second project will document and record all the best practices of MCC. Documentation includes texts, pictures, economic implementation and other related substances, Ravi said.Under the third project - Low Cost Bio Toilets for Sustainable Decentralized Waste Management - four bio toilets will be built at KSRTC bus stand, railway station and other crowded places.The toilets will have a \"digester\" that can convert waste to manure with a required level of nitrogen. This is expected to reduce the burden on the sewage system in municipal areas and save water. Defence Research and Development Organization (DRDO) technology will be adopted in the project.The fourth project - A study of Urban Solid Wastes and Modeling for Scales of Operation for Various Treatment Options - will help municipalities in decision making from the database to decide which treatment facility is most suitable for a particular setting. The projects are expected to be completed by November 2013.IconSWM chairperson Sadhan K Ghosh said the first project will cost Rs 5 lakh, Rs 20,000 to Rs 25,000 for second, around Rs 3 lakh for the third and the cost of the fourth project cost is yet to be assessed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17527014", "title": "Money still hard to come by this season", "text": "There might be money in music but not when it comes to the December music season. The harried organisers this year had to run behind sponsors after some of the traditional donors dropped out.\"Many banks didn't come forward this time. So, we asked the other patrons for more help,\" says M Krishnamurthy, secretary, Sri Parthasarathy Swami Sabha. The scene is the same at other sabhas too. It has been a while since royal patronage in Carnatic music gave way to support from wealthy merhants. Now, corporates drive the show.This season, realty companies have come forward. But with the sabhas approaching the same people, there is not enough money to go around. \"There are nearly 150 organisations during December though there are only about 10 that function through the year,\" says S Ravichander, secretary, Brahma Gana Sabha.Over the years, costs have gone up. On an average, a sabha spends nearly Rs 1 lakh to fund a day's festivities. This includes auditorium rent that comes to around Rs 40,000, artist remuneration that ranges from Rs 15,000 to Rs 30,000, electricity charges that hover at Rs 5,000 and another Rs 15,000 for publicity.\"Out of the 450 seats, we sell tickets for 250 seats after giving out free passes to sponsors and artists,\" says Ravichander. With prices varying from Rs 100 to Rs 1,000 per ticket, organisers say they can only hope to meet the expenses. \"We've never relied on ticket sales. They make up 10% of our revenue,\" he says. Barring Music Academy, others haven't raised their ticket prices either.Star performers like Nithyasree Mahadevan, Aruna Sairam, Bombay Jayashri, Sudha Ragunathan, Sanjay Subrahmanyan and K J Yesudas do ensure a full house. Also, with one of the popular artists, T M Krishna, deciding to give only free concerts this season, sabhas stand to lose.Many organisations say the aim is not to make profits, especially during the season. \"We want to provide a chance for people to enjoy music,\" says Nachiappan, secretary, Tamil Isai Sangam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-08"}
