{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16498822", "title": "Rice flourishes, cotton, soy suffer in Chanda", "text": "NAGPUR: Chandrapur district has suffered the least damage, as compared to other districts of Vidarbha, since paddy is one of the main crops of the area and it is not affected by heavy rainfall. However, the other two major crops, cotton and soyabean, have suffered some damage due to excess rainfall.District superintending agricultural officer Ashok Kuril told TOI that Bhadrawati, Warora, Chandrapur, Rajura and Bramhapuri talukas were the worst affected because of flooding. \"As per our survey, some 22 lakh hectare crops have been damaged in the district. Due to heavy rains on September 5, 6 and 7, Wardha, Irai and Penganga rivers overflowed their banks and inundated farms alongside. The paddy crop was least affected due to the floods,\" he said.Kuril also said that Wardha, Irai and Penganga rivers are tributaries of Wainganga river. \"Wainganga itself was in spate. The water of three rivers empties into Wainganga, but they could not release the water into Wainganga and hence water flowed in the reverse direction.\"According to government reports the growth of soyabean and cotton has been stunted in many areas of the district. Army worm had attacked these crops but regular spraying of insecticides could minimize the damage.\"Our average expected yield of soyabean is 10 quintal per hectare, lint cotton is 3 quintal per hectare and raw cotton is 10 quintal per hectare,\" he said.Commenting on the rainfall, the agriculture official said that the district received 54% of average rainfall in June, 112% in July, 133% in August and in September against the average of 215mm, the district had already received 200mm. So far, the district had received 1,215mm against the yearly average of 1,142mm.Ten out of eleven medium and major reservoirs in the district are 100% full. Only Irai dam, which is feeder dam of Chandrapur power plant, is 90.94% full. The gates of Irai dam were opened on September 6. These figures mean there will be ample water for the rabi crop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16497843", "title": "Speeding truck crushes 13-yr-old to death", "text": "BANGALORE: A 13-year-old boy was crushed to death after a speeding truck rammed into him at Jalahalli Cross, Peenya, on Bangalore-Tumkur Highway on Friday morning.Hemanth Kumar Vasudev, a resident of Alur near Madanayakanahalli, was returning home after celebrating Ganesha Chaturthi at his aunt's place. Hemanth, along with his father and elder sister, had come to aunt Sanjeevamma's place in Hesaraghatta Main Road on Tuesday evening.A Class VII student, Hemanth with government high school in Dasanapura. He is survived by his parents and sister.According to Sanjeevamma, they were crossing National Highway 4 at 6.30am when the accident took place. \"Hemanth had school on Friday so he wanted to go home early. We were heading towards the bus stop,\" Sanjeevamma told Peenya traffic police.Sanjeevamma stepped back onto the median when she saw the truck approaching but by then Hemanth had already started crossing the road. \"The driver couldn't control the brakes and rammed into the boy killing him instantly,\" Sanjeevamma told.Police arrested driver Syed Aslam, a Bangarpet resident and seized his lorry KA 01-D-814. The lorry was transporting goods from the city to Nelamangala. The body was shifted to MS Ramaiah Hospital for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16499040", "title": "\u2018Kudankulam agitation pointless\u2019", "text": "KANNUR: The controversy over the nuclear power project in Kudankulam in Tamil Nadu is baseless, said Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal . \"Though Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had time and again assured that the Kudankulam project would be implemented after ensuring the security of the people residing there, some people are opposing the project due to some vested interests,\" he said on the sidelines of the inauguration of Kunhiraman Adiyodi commemorative meeting at Payyanur on Friday.\"Those who oppose the Kudankulam project have not suggested any alternative so far to generate power. But whenever there is a power failure even for a short time, the same people would blame the government and create an uproar,\" he said. The minister also said those who criticize the government for one reason or the other, fail to see the welfare measures taken by it for the benefit of the people. \"When the government implemented the Janani Suraksha Yojana for the expectant mothers and the National Rural Employment Guarantee Programme (NREGP) to generate more employment in the rural areas, no one talked about it. But when the fuel price goes up by a few rupees, there is huge uproar, which shows that quite often the negative aspects are highlighted by some people,\" said the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16498896", "title": "Metered water: Consultants asked to draw plan", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The first step towards charging Amdavadis for water by metering the supply in the city has been taken by the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC). The civic body has called for expression of interest from consultants who will draw a roadmap to the metering process for two areas \u2014 Jodhpurgam and Chharodi \u2014 in the city as a pilot project. The process will be extended to the entire city simultaneously during the pilot project period.The basic principle of the project is to outsource water supply operations to private companies who will efficiently recover costs and operate and maintain the system. The network laid will ensure that every household gets 24X7 water supply. The AMC will provide water. The process of metering is being dealt in a hurry as the AMC wants to qualify for the second phase of the centrally allocated JNNURM funds which is a huge cache. \"Our water supply projects did not qualify for the first phase of the JNNURM funds. But with this project, we can demand the centrally sponsored JNNURM funds for the metering project,\" says standing committee chairman Bhupendra Patel.The per capita consumption of water in Ahmedabad is 170 to180 litres per individual per day, while the WHO suggests that ideally it should be 130 litres per individual.In Jodhpurgam, Bodakdev, Drive-In, Satellite and surrounding areas, the wastage is maximum and water is consumed at a rate of 230 litres per individual per day. \"We charge just 30 per cent of the water processing charges from the citizens,\" says a senior AMC official.In a nationwide conclave on 24X7 water supply held in Ahmedabad few weeks ago, the AMC officials realized that unless a water metering plan is drawn for the entire city, the project will be a failure.This they learnt from experiences of other cities like Hoogly-Dharwad twin cities, Nagpur, Pimpri-Chinchwad and the Delhi Jal Board ( DJB).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16498685", "title": "121 residents get dogs registered", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Around 121 city residents registered their dogs with the Chandigarh municipal corporation office following MC's strict directions. On September 6, the civic body issued orders to penalize owners who failed to get their pets registered.The dog bylaws were notified in June 2010, and since then the authorities have registered 2,630 dogs. According to information, the authorities claimed that they had advertised a number of times requesting residents to register their dogs, but few came forward. Further, MC claimed that it could not inspect the same due to staff shortage. Now the authorities have designated supervisor sanitary inspectors and chief sanitary inspectors for the purpose and given them the power to issue challans to the violators in their respective areas.The department is issuing challans to the violators, but more focus is on educating people to get their dog registered on the orders issued by MC commissioner Vivek Pratap Singh.The issue had also come up in the monthly house meeting of the Chandigarh municipal corporation, where almost all the councillors told commissioner about the poor functioning of the municipal corporation with regard to implementation of dog bylaws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "imphal/itanagar", "code": "16502743", "title": "Manipur, Arunachal to raise LPG cap to nine", "text": "Imphal/Itanagar: As in other Congress-ruled states, Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh governments have decided to raise the cap on subsidized LPG cylinders from six to nine.The Manipur government decided to raise the cap on LPG cylinders during a cabinet meeting on Wednesday with chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh in the chair.It followed a decision of the Congress high command instructing all Congress-ruled states to bear the burden of three additional cylinders and raise the cap on subsidized cylinders from six to nine per year for consumers. The Manipur cabinet also took various decisions to streamline and revamp the PDS system in the state.The Arunachal Pradesh government too decided to provide three more LPG cylinders at subsidized rates to consumers in the state. This move shall benefit 1,88,627 LPG consumers in Arunachal Pradesh, official sources said on Friday. Subsidy amounting to Rs 360 (aprox) per LPG cylinder shall be granted and the total financial implication of this move for the state government shall be Rs 20.38 crore annually.While declaring this relief to citizens of the state, chief minister Nabam Tuki reiterated the commitment of his government in the state as well as the UPA government at the Centre towards the welfare of the 'aam aadmi' and providing maximum relief to them, sources said.Tuki also announced that his government has persuaded the IOC to launch the Rajiv Gandhi LPG Vitrak Scheme to cover all the rural areas of the state. The scheme shall be a landmark one, providing LPG cylinders to the doorsteps of rural consumers as well as protecting the green cover in the state.The IOC will start implementing the scheme soon, sources informed.A cylinder costs about Rs 700 in the market without subsidy, which is what families will have to pay if they want LPG over and above the cap of six fixed by the Centre. However, consumers in the Congress-ruled states will be able to avail up to nine subsidized LPG cylinders per year instead of six.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497276", "title": "DDA allottees protest at LG\u2019s office", "text": "NEW DELHI: Allottees of DDA's 2010 housing scheme assembled at the LG office to protest against the delay in getting possession of their flats. Those allottees who were given flats which were unlivable, demanded interest on the hefty sums they had paid to DDA.Allottees of flats in Dwarka, Mukherjee Nagar and Vasant Kunj got together on Friday afternoon to meet LG Tejendra Khanna. Since the LG was not availabe, they were directed to another senior official.\"We have deposited sums up to Rs 90 lakh, but the flats will easily take several months to become habitable. When we pressed for interest on the sum, we were told the issue was being looked into, but no assurance could be given,'' said an allottee from Mukherjee Nagar. \"The vice-chairman had asked for a week to look into the issue but it has been 20 days, and we haven't heard anything from him,'' said another allottee.The allottees had earlier protested in front of Vikas Sadan. They said the flats for which possession letters had been given lacked water/power connections and were not livable. Four DDA officials have been suspended already for lapses in Mukherjee Nagar housing, and more suspensions may follow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16500366", "title": "Call for more women judges in high courts", "text": "COIMBATORE: Reservation for women lawyers in bar councils and the higher judiciary is the need of the hour, said K Santhakumari, the president of Tamil Nadu Federation of Women Lawyers.She was speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the first state conference of the Tamil Nadu Federation of Women Lawyers hosted by the Coimbatore Women Advocates association on Friday in the city.\"The state government has taken steps to increase the number of women in the lower judiciary. At the same time, the number of women judges in the high courts and supreme courts are small,\" she said. In the Madras high court where there are a total of 60 judges there are only 7 women among them. In the Supreme Court, there are only two women judges.Proportionate representation for women in the higher judiciary is the need of the hour, she said.The bar councils also should have more women, said R Thenmozhi, president of the Coimbatore Women Advocates Association. There are no women in the Tamil Nadu Bar Councils. There are many capable women lawyers in the field who if given a chance can play a larger role, she said.The office bearers of both the organisations said that they will pass resolutions in the conference demanding that the state government put them into effect.Several topics were discussed in the conference, the main among them being the role of women in mediation. \"Mediation is not the best measure for all situations,\" said Santhakumari.For serious cases like rapes, sexual harassment where the criminals should be punished mediation has no place. This is restricted to those cases like petty quarrels, property disputes, and such other claims, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500294", "title": "HC removes parts of election plea against Stalin", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has struck off several adverse and irrelevant averments made in an election petition against DMK leader and former deputy chief minister M K Stalin , who represents Kolathur constituency in the assembly . Justice K Venkataraman , passing orders on a plea filed by Stalin to remove certain allegations made by petitioner Saidai Duraisamy , ordered deletion of several paragraphs in the latter's election petition . Duraisamylostto Stalin in the2011 poll . Duraisamy's reference to Stalin'sfamily and various political positions held by several members of his family was struck off by the court . Similarly , Duraisamy's submission that the family-owned Kalaignar TV network was involved in the 2G spectrum scam was found to be irrelevant to the petition . The matter was posted to September 27for further hearing .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16501694", "title": "Microsoft: The biggest thing about India is the scale of things", "text": "BANGALORE: More than 3,000 developers gathered at the KTPO grounds in Whitefield, Bangalore, on Friday to write applications for Windows 8 as the company bid for entry into the Guinness Book of World Records for the most participants in a single app development event.\"The work involved in getting the venue ready was substantial,\" said a Microsoft spokesperson. \"The ground was uneven - it had to be levelled. Then the infrastructure - we have 63 generator trucks standing by. We had to put in place 4,000 power connections. I think there's around 60,000 feet of cabling that had to be laid. Then there was Internet access to be provided - 2 GB of bandwidth . We have something like 500 people working as crew.\"The 18 hour event has to follow certain rules to qualify for inclusion in the Guinness Book. Paul O'Neill , vice president for the Guiness Book of World Records , laid these out in his opening speech. \"Participants cannot step out of the premises for more than 60 minutes. They need to have a background in computer science or computer engineering or the sciences. The final number will be the number of developers present at the site at 8:00 am on Saturday.\"Steven Sinofsky, the president of Windows and Windows Live at Microsoft, sent a video message wishing the developers luck. For Microsoft, the app fest is a build-up to the launch of Windows 8 on October 26, and a means to create excitement amongst developers to build on that platform.Indian IT icon and UID evangelist Nandan Nilekani also made an appearance - wishing he was thirty years younger and able to roll up his sleeves and get into the code with the rest of the participants.Participants from all over India huddled over laptops running Windows 8 RTM (release to manufacturing) and Microsoft's Visual Studio 2012. There were a few Macs as well. Sreeju, a 31 year old city based software professional, came to the event with a Mac. \"I had to cover the Mac logo with sticker tape,\" he grinned. Unfortunately, the tape wasn't opaque enough and his notebook, along with a few others, did attract attention.A group of R V College of Engineering students said they worked their way through a Windows 8 media centre app. Balachander, a final year computer science student, said, \"The new UI does take some getting used to.\"Guinness's Paul O'Neill screened random participants for credentials: \"We have screened around a 100 participants so far. They have been extremely enthusiastic about the event. We are optimistic that a record will be made today .\"\"The biggest thing about India is the scale of things,\" says Joseph Landes, general manager of developer &amp; platform evangelism at Microsoft India. \"Abroad, we get 100-200 developers at these events, here we have thousands participating.\"The enthusiasm was borne out by the fact that the first app - a Web Radio app - was completed in less than 6 hours after the event launched.KTPO grounds in Whitefield, Bangalore, on Friday to write More than 3,000 developers gathered at the KTPO grounds in Whitefield, Bangalore, on Friday to write applications for Windows 8 as the company bid for entry into the Guinness Book of World Records for the most participants in a single app development event.\"The work involved in getting the venue ready was substantial,\" said a Microsoft spokesperson. \"The ground was uneven - it had to be levelled. Then the infrastructure - we have 63 generator trucks standing by. We had to put in place 4,000 power connections. I think there's around 60,000 feet of cabling that had to be laid. Then there was Internet access to be provided - 2 GB of bandwidth . We have something like 500 people working as crew.\"The 18 hour event has to follow certain rules to qualify for inclusion in the Guinness Book. Paul O'Neill , vice president for the Guiness Book of World Records , laid these out in his opening speech. \"Participants cannot step out of the premises for more than 60 minutes. They need to have a background in computer science or computer engineering or the sciences. The final number will be the number of developers present at the site at 8:00 am on Saturday.\"Steven Sinofsky, the president of Windows and Windows Live at Microsoft, sent a video message wishing the developers luck. For Microsoft, the app fest is a build-up to the launch of Windows 8 on October 26, and a means to create excitement amongst developers to build on that platform.Indian IT icon and UID evangelist Nandan Nilekani also made an appearance - wishing he was thirty years younger and able to roll up his sleeves and get into the code with the rest of the participants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16498921", "title": "Notice to SIT chief on accused fugitive", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The special court of Naroda Patia on Friday issued notice to the Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT) chairman R K Raghavan for the agency's inability to nab an absconding convict, Suresah alias Shehzad Netalkar.Designated judge Jyotsna Yagnik has kept further proceeding on September 25 and directed the SIT to produce the convict, if arrested by then. The court also asked the SIT chairman to depute an officer, who would be answerable to the court, to arrest Netalkar.The court has also asked Raghavan to form a team of officials to arrest the absconder. The court's order to form a team within the SIT came after a dispute emerged between the SIT and the city crime branch.As per the arrangement, the non-bailable warrant issued by the court was expected to be executed by the crime branch sleuths. But the report in regards with execution of warrant has to be filed by the SIT's investigating officer V V Chaudhary.The court has in past pulled up the SIT for not being able to nab absconding Netalkar, who was convicted along with 31 others including former minister Maya Kodnani and Bajrang Dal leader Babu Bajrangi.In this case, 97 persons were killed at Naroda Patia on February 28, 2002. The case was investigated by three agencies and finally, 61 persons were tried. The special court convicted 32 persons, while acquitting others by giving them benefit of doubt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16502683", "title": "Close shave for Mulayam's brother as plane skids off runway", "text": "NEW DELHI: Uttar Pradesh minister and SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's brother Shivpal Yadav on Saturday had a miraculous escape when a small plane carrying him skidded off the runway after landing at the IGI airport here.The incident took place at around 12 noon when the plane skidded off the runway after landing and the nose-wheel got stuck in mud, airport sources said.The plane with six people onboard, including Yadav and two pilots, was coming from Lucknow. The minister and his co-passengers were taken to the medical facility at the airport where they underwent treatment for minor injuries, the sources said.The aircraft is owned by the Uttar Pradesh government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16498879", "title": "Witness identifies Bhatkal in footage", "text": "PUNE: The prosecution in the German bakery bomb blast case got a boost on Friday as the role of Indian Mujahideen operative Yasin Bhatkal, the man wanted for a string of terror attacks across the country, came to light for the first time while recording evidence of a key witness.While deposing before additional sessions judge N P Dhote, witness Ranjit More identified a man sporting a cap and carrying two haversacks in a CCTV footage. The clip was seized by the Pune crime branch from the bakery after the blast. Though More did not name the man, investigations by the state anti-terrorism squad (ATS) had revealed that the man was Bhatkal.More told the court that the man stood behind him at the counter when he and his girl friend visited the bakery on February 13, 2010. More recollected that while he was leaving the bakery, the man was seen carrying only one bag. During the cross-examination by lawyer A Rehman, More said that the man was sporting a tamarind green cap and was carrying two black and green haversacks.Admitting that there were a few customers with haversacks, More said he had not seen the man going out of the bakery. He said his statement was recorded after he was shown the CCTV footage, but he had till then not given the details of the man.Special public prosecutor Raja Thakare told TOI that the man caught on the CCTV was Bhatkal. Bhatkal's role in the blast has come to light for the first time during the trial, he added.The prosecution has examined 91 witnesses in the case. The blast had killed 17 people and injured 64 at the bakery at Koregaon Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16497280", "title": "Bill chaos at Delhi Jal Board", "text": "If the arrears are repeatedly showing up on Delhi Jal Board bills, it can surely not expect people to repeatedly visit its offices and submit themselves to torture for hours. Public utilities have to be accountable but it seems that DJB is wary of accepting responsibility. When special camps were held to sort out the mess earlier, why is it still persisting? And shouldn't DJB be more sensitive rather than expect people to spend hours at its offices. It should, in fact, collect the bills with an application, rectify them and issue new bills to people. All penalties or late payment charges should be waived. It should figure out how this information can be processed centrally so that the issue is settled once and for all.Related Story  :  Chaos after Delhi Jal Board bills for paid amount", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16499361", "title": "CMOs murder: More suspects under scanner", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a new twist to the CMOs murder case, a former cop has come under the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) scanner. The said cop, in fact, is emerging as one of the main suspects, sources said, adding that he is close to a politician from east UP.The former cop, sources said, could have played a key role in the murder of CMO family welfare Dr VK Arya who was sprayed with bullets on October 27, 2010 in city's Vikasnagar area.CBI sleuths believe that apart from shooter Anand Prakash Tiwari and Sudhakar Pandey, other shooters were also involved in the CMOs murder. Based on this premise, the CBI has taken the said cop under its scanner. Since Sudhakar is absconding, CBI has neither ruled out his involvement nor is sure of his complicity, sources said.The CBI is also sure that there are more conspirators apart from those whose names have come to the fore. There is likely to be a larger conspiracy in the CMOs murder, sources said.Probing the larger conspiracy angle behind the murder of two CMOs, the CBI is searching for an alleged letter written by deputy CMO Dr YS Sachan a few days before he was found dead in Lucknow jail on June 22, 2011. Sachan's death is also being probed by CBI on the directive of Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court.Sources said the CBI has learnt through another former cop that Dr Sachan had written a letter to former CMO Dr AK Shukla and handed over the same to this cop. Dr Shukla is a suspect in Dr Arya's murder. However, the ex-cop had claimed before the CBI to have handed over the letter to an IPS officer who is said to have handed over the same to a senior government functionary in Mayawati government. But, the CBI is yet to find the said letter.Though the agency has been searching the two letters, it has failed to make any headway. Earlier, the CBI had left no stone unturned in tracing an alleged suicide note written by Dr Sachan. The said note was allegedly picked up by a senior jail official. Sources said the two letters can throw light on the larger conspiracy behind the deaths.The two CMOs were said to have been murdered owing to Rs 5,700 crore National Rural Health Mission.The CBI though has failed to make any breakthrough in the two probes. But the agency is hopeful of unravelling the mystery before the next high court hearing slated after three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16498960", "title": "Rash truck driver gets 15 days jail for injuring 2", "text": "PANAJI: In a case involving driving a truck in a negligent manner and dashing against an Omni van in 2011 at Shiroda, a judicial magistrate first class court in Ponda recently sentenced driver Allisab Patel to 15 days imprisonment.The prosecution stated that on August 23, 2011, the accused rammed his truck on an Omni van, injuring a lady, Bashira Khan, and her son.During the hearing of the case, assistant public prosecutor R Dessai submitted that the accused drove the truck in a rash and negligent manner as the place of the accident is the wrong side of the road.On the other hand, the accused's lawyer said that speed is not the sole criterion to determine rashness or negligence.Relying on a testimony of a witness, the judge observed that the truck came speeding from the opposite direction towards the wrong side of the road and banged the van. \"The fact that the accused drove the truck at a fast speed towards the wrong side of the road, and dashed against the oncoming van, indicates rashness on the part of the accused in driving the truck. The accident spot speaks volumes of the rash driving of the accused,\" Judge Dvijple V Patkar said.The court also said that on the basis of the evidence of witnesses and hurt certificates, the prosecution proved that the woman and her son sustained injuries due to the accident.The court sentenced the accused to 15 days of simple imprisonment and a fine of 1,000 under Section 338 (causing grievous hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) of the IPC.Under Section 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) of the IPC, the accused has to undergo imprisonment for 10 days and pay a fine of 500.The accused was also directed to undergo imprisonment for 10 days and to pay a fine of 1,000 for an offence punishable under Section 279 (rash driving) of the IPC. The sentences will run concurrently.The court has also ordered that 2,200 be paid as compensation to the injured victim, Bashira Khan, and her son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16498924", "title": "Posing as couriers, duo robs three women", "text": "PUNE: Two persons posing as courier delivery men robbed three women of their gold ornaments worth Rs 2.83 lakh in their Sadashiv Peth residence on Thursday afternoon.According to a complaint lodged by Anjali Umesh Kulkarni (44) of Sadashiv Pethwith the Vishrambaug police station, the two suspects, apart from robbing her, also snatched gold ornaments from her mother-in-law and forced her sister-in-law to hand over ornaments kept in the cupboard. The two then fled on two motorcycles, with their accomplices, who were waiting near the building.\"The complainant couldn't see the faces of the suspects as they were wearing helmets,\" said inspector Rajendra Sawant of the Vishrambaug police station.Sawant said around 12.30 pm on Thursday Kulkarni was drying clothes in the balcony when the two men wearing helmets visited their home. One of them told her that they worked for a courier company and asked her to bring a pen for signature. He also asked her for a glass of water. \"As Kulkarni turned to get the pen, one of the suspects grabbed her hands and threatened her with sharp weapon,\" Sawant said.Sawant said they asked her to remove her ornaments while threatening to kill her. The suspects then removed her gold chain and ear rings.\"The duo then entered inside the house and threatened Kulkarni's mother-in-law, who was sleeping, and forced Kulkarni's sister-in-law to open the cupboard and hand over the ornaments to them,\" he said. Sawant said after looting gold ornaments worth Rs 2.83 lakh, the suspects at sharp weapon point forced Kulkarni to go with them till the stairs . They then asked her to keep her mouth shut and fled. \"Kulkarni saw the duo flee with their two accomplices, from the balcony,\" he said.Sawant said Kulkarni's husband , who returned home in the evening, informed the police. \"We have launched a search operation to trace the suspects,\" Sawant added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16501025", "title": "My career was a happy accident: Lisa Ray", "text": "Lisa Ray speaks so Subhash K Jha on her impending weddingHow much of your Indian background would be visible in your wedding on Oct 20? Would you be wearing Indian clothes? Wendell Rodricks is designing my wedding gown and he's a very dear friend who has known me since I first landed in Bombay in 1991. There will be a strong Indian influence in our Wedding starting with the sangeet on Friday night. My friend Suphala who is an extremely accomplished tabla player based in New York will be performing that evening. I will be wearing a Tarun Tahiliani anarkali outfit, and on the Wedding day I will change into a Satya Paul sari. I also have a lovely Laila Motwani ensemble. Jason will be rocking in a custom-designed Raghu Rathore bandgala. Raghu is also an old friend. We've been joking that since both my father and Jason are wearing exactly the same Rathore band-galas, I have to get a string of pearls for Jason to wear in order to stand out!Would there be any invitees from Mumbai, specially the entertainment industry at your wedding? The most beautiful experience so far is how much all my friends are getting into the spirit of the Wedding. All my non-Indian girlfriends have gone shopping for saris and a close friend of mine from LA recently took her husband shopping for Indian wear. While everyone was showing him sober Nehru jackets he spotted an elaborately embroidered sherwani on a mannequin in the store and insisted on trying it on. He bought it! We will be having another reception in India next year to celebrate with all the friends and family who can't make it out to Napa Valley.Are you planning to relocate to India?Apparently you've been searching for a suitable home to buy in Mumbai? Jason and I are going to explore many options in the near future. At the moment we have just bought a house in Toronto and we will need some time to settle into our new life together. I am eager to spend more time in India but I will always have a foot in both worlds. I've just come out of a demanding filming schedule. I have to put the finishing touches on my book. I have optioned a novel called The Tiger's Claw to turn into a film. It is based on a historical character I've been obsessed with for years. I can't wait to perform again, but it has to be the right project.I just finished a campaign for Pantene called 'Beautiful Lengths' where we ask people to grow and donate their hair to make real hair wigs for women battling cancer. It was a wonderful experience to film this campaign in Toronto.You are shooting for Top Chef. You did a film based on cooking with Dilip Mehta.Are you a good cook? would you be doing a lot of cooking after marriage? I'm passionate about food and eating, even more so now that I'm doing another season of Top Chef Canada .How attached are you to the Bengali side of your family history? Can you speak Bangla? Do you crave to reclaim your Bengali bearings ? My Bengali heritage is extremely important to me. It's in my blood. On my last trip to Bombay I connected with old friends like Vikram Bhatt and John Abraham .You did Kasoor with Vikram Bhatt and much later the enchanting Water with Deepa Mehra.How do you see your journey as an actor so far? There's so much talent and momentum in Bollywood now. I love watching this era of Bollywood films. I always get a few offers from Bollywood.Post-marriage once the dust settles, I will be planning my next chapter. I have been so lucky. My career was a happy accident. I didn't plan on any of it. From becoming a super model at 16 to starring in iconic videos like Afreen Afreen to starring in feature films like Kasoor and Water and OMG and Top Chef .It's been a beautiful trajectory.And how would you like to take this journey forward ? I want to share my story and my adventures. A large part of my life recently has been informed by spirituality and the search for self realization. Our lives cannot be reduced to sound bites. People may not realize how much my spiritual seeking has defined my life and choices in the past few years. But I'm sure it had something to do with how I managed my cancer experience.A slightly personal question, considering you are 40, would you be pursuing motherhood immediately after marriage ? Motherhood is on the cards, but let's see. I want my children to be immersed in both the East and West, as I was. And yes , I'm looking forward to being a wife and being Jason's 'plus one'. Every woman can make a difference. Change starts with yourself and your family. Women have the power to influence society because we are the source of creation.What are the immediate plans after the wedding? I'm doing a walk for Multiple Myeloma with Jason just six days before our wedding. Life never ceases to amaze.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16496842", "title": "Agni-III missile test-fired successfully", "text": "HYDERABAD: The 3,000-km range Agni-III missile was test fired successfully by the Strategic Forces Command (SFC) from the Wheeler Island, off the coast of Odisha on Friday. All mission objectives of the ballistic missile were achieved, according to Ravi Kumar Gupta, scientist 'G', and director of directorate of public interface of the Defence Research and Development Organisation ( DRDO). It may be mentioned here that in the last five months, all the Agni class of missiles were tested successfully. Agni-I, Agni-II, Agni-III, Agni-IV and Agni-V with different ranges were successfully test fired.According to sources, in the last 11 months, there were as many as 12 test launches of different missiles developed by the Defence Research and Development Organisation, apart from the Agni class missiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "poinguinim", "code": "16498815", "title": "When 21 different leaves bring Lord Ganesha to life", "text": "POINGUINIM: While most Hindus worship an idol of Lord Ganesha during Chaturthi, among 13 families in Canacona, the elephant-headed god is, literally, shaped by leaves.Two kilometres from the Narsinha Parshuram temple of Mahalwada in Poinguinim, the Parbhugaonkar families envelope the leaves of 21 different species in a big Arjuna leaf.\"No one knows when, how or why this tradition started, but we worship Ganpati in this symbolic way,\" says 75-year-old Shridevi Laxmi Narayan Prabhugaonkar. The leaves are collected from trees in the forested areas nearby.Among the leaves that make up the patri Ganpati are those of the tulsi (basil), chafa (frangipani), vat (banyan), peepal, mogra, ketaki (kewda) and shami (algaroba).Police sub-inspector Dnyanand Prabhugaonkar explains that while the patri Ganpati is made from 21 different leaves wrapped in an Arjuna leaf, Ganesha's mother, Parvati, is made from the leaves of the kasalechi madi.\"All the leaves used are of plants that are recognized by Ayurveda as having medicinal properties,\" adds the 2004-state awardee of the President's medal for meritorious service.All the plants have an ecological as well as economical value, he says. They provide food, shelter, medicines, clothing and even natural poison to keep household pests away. \"All these plants are considered both, life-giving and life-sustaining,\" says the PSI.Agrees Chandrakant Shinde, a volunteer with the Vivekanand Environment Awareness Brigade, who visited Mahalwada-Ponguinim.He told TOI, \"This tradition of worshipping Lord Ganesha through a variety of 21 leaves is a great way to familiarize the younger generation with the names and identities of plants. It is a unique eco-friendly tradition.\"Venkatesh Prabhugaonkar, 56, adds, \"Earlier patri Ganpati was worshipped at the temple of Narsinha Parshuram collectively by the entire Prabhugaonkar community. It is now worshipped in the houses of just 13 families, for one-and-half days. This patri Ganapati is immersed in the well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16502071", "title": "Chief minister seeks expansion of ST list", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Friday requested Union minister for panchayati raj and tribal affairs V Kishore Chandra Deo to approve the state government's proposals for inclusion of 159 communities in the scheduled tribes list, official sources said. \"About 159 proposals for inclusion as new categories/ synonyms of various communities in the ST list of Odisha are pending in the Ministry for a long time. These may be approved early as the State is faced with repeated legitimate demands by the communities for their early inclusion,\" Naveen told Singhdeo during a meeting in New Delhi. Singh appreciated the concerns of Odisha and said while the Union ministry does recognize that there is a need to update the list of ST in Odisha, it has to be guided, however, by the advice of the Registrar General of India, an official release said. tnn\"Upon receipt of the same, the Union Ministry will pursue the matter with the Registrar General of India,\" he added.On the Odisha government's plan for ensuring there is no homesteadless and landless ST household in the tribal sub-plan areas of the state by 2016-17, Singhdeo said the project, which involves an estimated cost of Rs 31.37 crore, spread over five years starting from 2012-13, will be considered favourably.Informing that Odisha has completed construction of 40 hostels (out of 65 sanctioned during 2010-11) for ST girls and boys and the balance was also nearing completion, Naveen urged the Union Minister to convey his 'in-principle' approval for sanction of at least 100 numbers of 100-seated hostels for ST at an estimated cost of Rs 125 lakh per hostel. He also requested Singhdeo to sanction the balance 20 ashram schools during 2012-13 in consonance with the state government's proposal for sanction of 50 ashram schools submitted in 2011-12, official sources said. Singhdeo reportedly assured to sanction the balance 20 new ashram schools during 2012-13.Highlighting measures adopted by the state government in recent years for empowering tribal communities, Naveen said Odisha occupies the first position in the country in the implementation of the Scheduled Tribes and Other Traditional Forest Dwellers (Recognition of Forest Rights) Act, 2006. Under the Act, about 3.07 lakh individual forest right titles involving about 4.94 lakh acre of land have already been recognized in thestate, he said. He informed that the state government has recently implemented a pilot project in 1042 villages under the Odisha Tribal Empowerment and Livelihood Programme with an aim to formalize the rights of the tribals over homestead and agricultural land and this has paid rich dividends in the allocation of land to the landless tribals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16499428", "title": "Gujarat Parivartan Party seeks high ground on low platform", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When the president of Gujarat Parivartan Party, Keshubhai Patel , begins his Parivartan Yatra on September 27, he will not address crowds from an elevated platform. According to Gordhan Zadaphia, the general secretary of GPP, raised podiums make politicians seem distant . \"Hence, the party has decided to use a portion of the rath as a makeshift stage,\" said Zadaphia .\"A side of the rath will have a glass panel that will open up, enabling us to face the crowds.\" The rath on which Patel will move across the state is being designed on the outskirts of the city. Zadaphia said the makeshift stage would be handy to address s m a l l gatherings , and will also help save money. Patel will begin his yatra from Virpur in Saurashtra. Zadaphia said that in the first phase, the yatra will pass through Jetpur, Vadal, Vanthaki , and Keshod.On the second day, the yatra will touch Mendarda, Visavdar, Bhesan, Bagarasa and Dhari. On the third day, the yatra will cover Chalala, Savarkundla, Liliya, Lathi, Babra, and end at Jasdhan. On the fourth day, the yatra will wind its way through Atkot, Sardar, Tramba, Tankara , Lalitpar, Dhol and Kalawad.BSP leaders join KeshubhaiThe office-bearers of the Bahujan Samaj Party along with 5,000 workers joined GPP. Dr Naresh Acharya, the former BSP president in the state, said that several leaders \u2014 including those from the minority community \u2014 have joined GPP. \"We have seen the leadership of Keshubhai and have faith that his government will be propoor ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16502422", "title": "Early years of career were warm up: Emraan", "text": "Emraan Hashmi is riding high on the success of his films, but it took him a while to get away of the serial kisser tag.The actor says that he doesn't want any image change and claims that first few years of his acting career was like warm up.\"In nine years of my career, first four years I was not clear about box office and I got stereotyped. My career began with Jannat and after that I got serious about my profession. First four years of my career was like warm up,\" said Emraan.\"I don't want to change my image. I know what my strong points are and won't give up my image. As an actor it is my job to play different characters,\" concluded Emraan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16494858", "title": "Tomorrow is Radhashtami", "text": "Srimati Radhika is the teacher of the mellow aspect of conjugal love. The pure love between Radha and Madhava is meant to be discussed and contemplated.Bhaktivinoda Thakura *The transcendental goddess Srimati Radharani is the direct counterpart of Sri Krishna. She is the central figure for all goddesses of fortune. She possesses all qualities to attract the Personality of Godhead. She is the primeval internal potency of the Lord.Brihad-Gautamiya-Tantra *When Radharani smiles, waves of joy overtake her cheeks, and her arched eyebrows dance like the bow of Kama.Vidagdha-Madhava 2.51 *The lotus is beautiful during the daytime, at night it closes. But, O My friend, the face of My most dear Radharani is always bright and beautiful, day and night.Vidagdha-Madhava 5.20", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16500937", "title": "Facebook shock brings on trauma", "text": "LUDHIANA: Imagine the ordeal of a girl who receives vulgar and nasty calls because some mischeivous element has hacked her facebook account and played a dirty prank.Creating fake facebook accounts, fiddling with image of others and posting offensive comments or objectionable pictures could be sheer fun for some. But it could leave the victim traumatized. And a psychiatrist's help may be needed to combat the shock and torture.Payal Chahal (23), a private firm employee and a resident of BRS Nagar, underwent enormous social and emotional trauma after she came to know that her facebook profile contains derogatory morphed photographs of her with unpalatable comments.'It was a nightmare and the worst was what followed. My facebook account was hacked by a former colleague of mine. I was shocked to see the humiliating photographs and the comments were embarrassing. My phone kept on ringing constantly as my phone number was also posted there,' said Payal.'Though I registered a complaint with the nearest police station, they sent me to the cyber crime cell. The probe was very long and in the end police nailed a former colleague who was unhappy because I had spurned him. But I succumbed to family pressure and took back the complaint,' she added.Payal is not alone. Similar cases are coming to the fore in Ludhiana. A girl created a fake profile of her colleague and posted indecent remarks about her. A boy made a fake facebook account and posted girl's mobile number and invited men to date her. A computer-savvy youngster hacked the IP (internet protocol) address of a Delhi computer and created a fake account.'I was on the verge of emotional breakdown and had to visit a psychiatrist for a week to come out of the facebook trauma. Someone had created a fake facebook page with my pictures and posted very filthy comments. It was so embarrassing to explain everyone that it was done by some hacker,' Shaista Ghai, a bank employee and resident of Pakhowal road, told TOI. According to local police, most of the victims in Ludhiana were in their twenties.'Some unknown person had created my fake facebook profile and he was sending friend requests to my friends, who belonged to affluent families. He had also approached some of them seeking financial help. It was really shocking for me,' said Tushaar Makhija, a resident of Sarabha Nagar locality.(Names have been changed on the request of victims; police helped to contact them)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16502874", "title": "Govt mum on relief on diesel &amp; LPG prices", "text": "RANCHI: To the dismay of around 3.29 crore people of Jharkhand , the state cabinet has decided not to give any relief on prices of diesel or cooking gas cylinder. There was a high expectation among the masses that the government would toe the line of Bihar to reduce the value added tax (VAT) on the two commodities.The cabinet on Friday approved 19 proposals from various departments but kept quiet on giving any relief on diesel price and LPG cylinder to the people by reducing the VAT. The Bihar government has reduced VAT to help bring down the price of diesel by 85 paise per litre.\"We were expecting some relief from the government but were let down,\" said industrialist A K Singh adding that had the government reduced the VAT it would have helped them in keeping the production cost low. The rise in price of diesel has increased the transport cost.The cabinet, however, increased the gratuity limit for university teachers to Rs 10 lakh from the existing Rs 7 lakh.Cabinet secretary N N Pandey said all teachers in five universities of the state would get the benefit from the current financial year. The five varsities are Ranchi, Kolhan, Nilambar Pitambar, Vinoba Bhave and Sidho Kanho. Sources said at least 5,000 teachers of the five universities will benefit from the decision of the government.\"The cabinet approved the proposal to promote 28 additional district and sessions judge,\" said Pandey.The cabinet also approved around Rs 32.79 crore for electrification of 251 villages that were left out from the rural electrification programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16497709", "title": "State to get 10 more medical colleges", "text": "BANGALORE: To meet the increasing demand for doctors, the government has decided to start 10 medical colleges which will also be teaching hospitals in districts. As a first step, 600 more undergraduate seats and 250 postgraduate ones will be added to the CET matrix from next year.Medical education minister SA Ramdas said the government's move follows many applications on the need for medical colleges in districts. The colleges will be set up in Tumkur, Madikeri, Koppal, Chitradurga, Yadgir, Belgaum, Chikkaballapur, Uttara Kannada, Chamarajanagar and KR Nagar in Mysore.As per Medical Council of India (MCI) guidelines, the colleges should be equipped with minimum 300 beds and have land area of 25 acres. \"The applications will be reviewed by a team from Rajiv Gandhi University of Health and Sciences (RGUHS). The cleared ones will be submitted to MCI by September 30,\" the minister said.Also, 250 PG seats will be added to six colleges, which include the ones in Belgaum, Mandya, Shimoga, Hassan, Bellary and Raichur. \"Seats will be increased from academic year 2013-14. Recruitments for paramedical staff and nurses have been approved to meet the demand after increasing the seats. Infrastructure and teaching facility have also been improved,\" Ramdas said.ON BU VC ROWOn Bangalore University VC N Prabhu Dev's appointment to the Karnataka Health Systems Commission, Ramdass said he is yet to receive the file. \"It is with the finance department and hasn't reached me yet. I will be able to comment only after receiving the file,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "16502142", "title": "Four arrested for 'killing' elephant", "text": "KEONJHAR: Four Munda tribals were arrested by the forest department on Thursday night for allegedly killing a female elephant in Champua forest range area.The forest department seized the carcass of the 25-year-old female elephant from Brahamanijhari village forest on Tuesday.The accused allegedly killed the elephant by keeping a live wire in its path, drawn from an 11 kv line near the forest.Those arrested were identified as Kanda Munda (45), Rama Munda (40), Dasara Munda (22) and Shyam Munda (30) of Brahamanijhari village under Jhumpura police station.Two more people accused in the poaching incident, Jagmohan Munda (50) and Binod Munda, are yet to be arrested.\"The accused were arrested late (on Thursday) night from their village and forwarded to court on Friday. A wire used in this incident was seized. The other two will be arrested soon,\" said Keonjhar assistant conservator of forest Soumyak Samantra.According to the forest official, the elephant died on the spot of electric shock when it came in contact with the live wire. A burn injury was seen near the animal's mouth and trunk. During investigation, forest officials also found burn marks on some leaves and tree branches near the place of incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "rampurhat", "code": "16498841", "title": "RPF constable, 4 others held for molesting woman", "text": "RAMPURHAT: Five youths, including an RPF constable, were arrested for allegedly molesting a 30-year-old woman in Tarapith on Thursday night.The RPF constable who was among the five who allegedly molested the woman was identified as Sona Malik.According to police, the woman, a Rampurhat resident, runs a dance school in Tarapith. After the school gets over, she returns to her house - hardly 4 km away - late in the evening on an auto every day.Around 8pm on Thursday, she was returning home on an auto that already had five male passengers. took a Rampurhat-bound auto that was already carrying five male passengers.After crossing Tarapith bridge, when her co-passengers ordered the auto driver to stop near a liquor shop, the victim protested. The men then allegedly pounced on her and molested her.When the victim protested, two of her co-passengers pounced on her and two of them allegedly molested her. When a local youth tried to prevent the woman, he was beaten up. The accused managed to flee the spot immediately, but police arrested all five late at night after a complaint was lodged at Rampurhat police station.\"I take an auto every evening to return home in Rampurhat. I never find the ride unsafe as the distance is not too much and the road always bustles with crowd. Thursday's arrest came as a shock to me.The attackers fled the spot after I raised an alarm. I was lucky that many people rushed to my helpwere around they rushed to help me immediately,\" the victim said.\"Five persons have been arrested on the basis of the complaint lodged by the woman. One of them has been identified as an RPF constable. The youths were drunk. We've started a probe,\" Rampurhat SDPO Debashish Nandi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500190", "title": "100 families to be moved to lay drains at Ganesapuram subway", "text": "CHENNAI: In a bid to stop inundation during monsoon , Chennai Corporation will relocate nearly 100 families residing near Ganesapuram subway . Thisisto allowthecivicbody to start work on a 97-lakh storm water drain project . Sources said that families willbe relocatedtoK annigapuram slum clearance board building in a couple of days . New storm water drains will be laid for 150 metres and a 4m sump will be constructed . Two pump sets will be installed at thesubwayto preventflooding . \"Our aim istokeep thesubway clear even on days with 10cm rain ,\" said a corporation official .\"Sofar wewere not ableto start work because of encroachments along the 150-metre stretch .\" He said drinking water and sewer connections were being set up for the familiestobe relocated . The sump , which will empty water ,willcostthecivicbody 20 lakh . The pump sets will cost 27 lakh . Renovation and laying of drains will cost 38 lakh . Civic officials said that mostof thesubwaysin thecity get flooded when it rains because of lack of drains . \"Once the work is completed , the water will drain easily to Otteri Nullah ,\"the official said . Commuters said the subwaywould getfloodedeven in a short spell of rain , affecting traffic . The subway connects several parts of north Chennai , including Vyasarpadi , Perambur , Madhavaram and Kodungaiyur , with the central part of the city . \"MTC stopped busserviceshereseveraltimes because of flooding ,\" said Raj Kumar , a commuter .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16499041", "title": "Antarctica cargo sails from Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Cargo to sustain the two Indian stations in the icy environs of Antarctica set sail from Goa's warm environs recently.Mostly year-long supplies of food and equipment, the cargo left in nine containers from Mormugao port for Mumbai en route to Cape Town, South Africa.The gear will cater primarily to the forthcoming Indian Antarctica expedition that will study climate change, marine life, sea ice and glaciers.\"Cape Town is the hub for expeditions to Antarctica,\" said Mirza Javed Beg, programme director (logistics) at the National Centre for Antarctic and Ocean Research (NCAOR).The organization, headed by director S Rajan, coordinates all work related to India's Antarctica expeditions. India has two functioning, permanent stations on the world's southernmost continent-'Maitri', completed in 1989, and 'Bharti' which is in the final stages of construction at an estimated cost of 300 crore.The cargo from Goa will converge at Cape Town, about a month to 40 days from now, along with another 10 containers from Hyderabad and 20 more from different parts of the world.The supplies are procured by NCAOR from all over the world. Specialized equipment is sourced from the United States and Germany, while food and other provisions are from India, said Beg.From Cape Town, the NCAOR will charter an ice-breaker vessel and a multipurpose ice class vessel, around the first week of November, to ship the cargo to Antarctica, said Beg. Apart from the cargo, the vessels will carry fuel and many members of the forthcoming expedition, including scientists, a construction team and members from the ISRO mission. The rest of the expedition crew will travel to Antartica on a chartered flight from Cape Town at a later date.The vessels are expected to reach the Bharti station in Antarctica 14 days after leaving Cape Town. From there, they will travel for another eight days to reach the Maitri station which is 3,000 km away from Bharti. The ships have helicopters on board.There are currently 23 Indians at Maitri and 13 at Bharti. Most are members of a previous expedition and will be replaced by 47 Indians, many of who will be on board the two cargo vessels.Supplies to Antarctica's stations are sent only between the months of November and February, post which the continent plunges into a harsh winter, which includes total darkness for three months, preventing any ships or flights from reaching it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "yavatmall", "code": "16498775", "title": "Crop loan scheme benefits over 1.3 lakh farmers", "text": "YAVATMALl: Over 1.3 lakh farmers across Yavatmal district have got interest relief to the tune of Rs12.18 crore on availing short term crop loan under the government sponsored Panjabrao Deshmukh Interest Concession (PDIC) scheme.According to district deputy registrar (DDR) of cooperative societies, Lakshmansingh Katare, the scheme was introduced in 2009-10 for farmers from Yavatmal district. \"It envisaged interest relief to farmers availing short term crop loan on repayment within predetermined time frame. In the last three years, 1,37,697 farmers have benefited from this scheme.\"Under the scheme, farmers who obtained loan up to Rs one lakh and did repayment within the prescribed tenure (i.e. up to June 30), were entitled for three per cent interest concession. Farmers who took loan ranging from Rs1 to 3 lakh and repaid within the tenure were entitled for two per cent concession on annual interest.During 2009-10 fiscal, the state government contributed a lion's share for the scheme. Funds were also made available from district planning and development council programmes such as special category scheme and non-tribal region sub plan.During 2011-12, Rs4.5 crore was received and utilized for the scheme, informed Katare. He urged the farmers to avail the benefit of the scheme in future also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16498925", "title": "Extortion accused says he was claiming his due", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A former partner of a travel company's owner who had been arrested on charges of extortion told police on Friday that he had issued no threat nor made any attempt to extort money.Meghji Khetani, the owner of Patel Tours and Travels, had filed an extortion complaint with Vastrapur police station officials against his former business partner Rajesh Patel. According to Vastrapur police, Khetani, a resident of Lad Society in Vastrapur, had multiple partners since his company's inception. In 2006, there was an amicable disbandment of the partnership and partners were given their share.Khetani told police said that he received a call from a man who identified himself as Bijal Bharwad who demanded Rs 10 crore and threatened to harm him and his family if the demand was not met. Police officials later arrested Patel and Bharwad. \"Patel claims that after a dispute, he was to take Rs 10 crore before leaving as a partner from the company,\" said a Vastrapur police official. \"Patel said that he was calling Khetani for that amount and had never given any threat to him or his family.\" tnnWe are currently looking into their previous business deals to understand the bone of contention.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500314", "title": "Is ISI recruiting Lankan Tamils to spy on India?", "text": "CHENNAI: Agents of Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) are actively attempting to recruit Sri Lankan Tamil refugees who have returned to the island nation after the end of the Eelam war, the Tamil Nadu state intelligence has informed the Centre's Intelligence Bureau.Thamim Ansari, a Thanjavur man who was arrested recently for suspected links to the ISI, was in Sri Lanka when ISI operative Haji made contact with him.Intelligence sources say the ISI is hiring the refugees because they are familiar with India and can collect information from the country without raising suspicions.Sleuths of the 'Q' branch of the state police, who have been monitoring Sri Lankan Tamils, said they have registered a case against ISI operative Haji, his associates Shaji and Amir Zubair Siddiqui , who works as the counsellor in the visa section of the Pakistan high commission in Sri Lanka.\"We have named the accused in the first information report based on Ansari's statement,\" a police officer said. State intelligence officials have sought police custody of Ansari for one week to collect more information . A judicial magistrate's court in Trichy has granted police custody of Ansari for one day so investigators can interrogate him.Inspector-general of police (internal security) Abash Kumar and other senior officials will question Ansari. Police will produce Ansari before the magistrate's court on Saturday seeking that he be remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16502657", "title": "Coalgate: CBI registers two fresh FIRs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation on Saturday morning registered two fresh cases in Coalgate Scam against two private companies - Nagpur-based Grapes Industries Limited and Kolkata-based Vikash Metals and Power Ltd. These companies had allegedly misrepresented their networth and joint venture group to show eligibility for getting coal blocks.Sources say that raids are being carried out in Kolkata, Nagpur and few other places. The Managing Directors of these companies and unknown officials have been booked for cheating, criminal conspiracy and prevention of corruption act in the fresh FIRs, added sources. CBI officials said that Grapes Industries had got a coal block in Maharashtra.Earlier, CBI had registered five cases this month against five companies - JLD Yavatmal, JAS Infrastructure, AMR Iron and Steel, Vini Iron and Steel and Navbharat Power for allegedly misrepresenting details to get coal blocks. Abhijeet Group Jayaswal family members are these days being questioned by CBI in the scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16499747", "title": "As nuke protests rage, welfare plans remain on paper", "text": "CHENNAI: The controversial Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant is all set to become operational , but the welfare measures promised to the protesting villagers \u2014 that could take the sting out of the year-long agitation \u2014 remain on paper.In a bid to end the protests, Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa made a peace offering to villagers, mostly fishermen, more than six months ago: a . 500 crore special package to improve their socio-economic conditions . However, none of the measures have taken off and the protests intensified earlier this month as the plant's managers began preparations to commission its first unit.The welfare measures will cover 45 village panchayats in Radhapuram assembly constituency , which includes the Kudankulam project site and surrounding hamlets. Barring Idinthakarai, the epicentre of the protest, and three other coastal hamlets, all other villages have welcomed the welfare schemes. The government's proposal includes 10,000 new houses, a desalination plant, a cold storage and fish marketing facility, upgrading of the primary health centres in Kudankulam and Chettikulam to full-fledged hospitals, a new PHC in Uvary village, solar streetlights and pumps for supply of drinking water.Only a few weeks ago, the Madras high court asked the government to speed up implementation of the welfare measures . Former President A P J Abdul Kalam had suggested similar measures in his report to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.Chettikulam panchayat president N Vijayan told TOI, \"The delay in execution of welfare measurers has given the protesters an advantage as the villagers have not seen any development taking place.\" He said the panchayat submitted a list of beneficiaries for the housing scheme three months ago. \"But none of them have come for verification so far. At the same time, we understand the work burden and pressures that officials face.\"Fuel loading starts at nuclear plantL oading of uranium fuel in the first unit of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant started on Wednesday as the controversial project took a major step towards becoming operational. The Atomic Energy Regulatory Board gave final clearance for loading fuel on Tuesday night. P 6Green clearance sought againA petition in the Supreme Court has sought fresh environment impact study of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant on the ground that its configuration and design had undergone several changes since 1989 when the earlier environment assessment was conducted. P 6'Work could have mitigated stir'Concrete houses under the neighbourhood development scheme are estimated to cost 300 crore . Each house will be constructed at a cost of 3 lakh , said an official in Tirunelveli district . The remaining 200 crore will cover the other welfare schemes . \"We called for tenders for most of the schemes . Due to administrative delays , the execution of the projects is taking time . The district authorities have been busy handling the protests ,\" he pointed out. The district administration has estimated 60 crore for setting up a desalination plant and 80 crore for setting up groynes in four villages . The government will spend 10 crore for upgrading the Kudankulam primary health centre into a hospital . It also plans to construct new bridges and upgrade roads at a cost of 20 crore . \"All the projects are only on paper . Nothing has been executed at the ground . Many of the protesting villagers could be weaned away if they see some work on the ground ,\" admitted a district official . For the special package , funds are not a problem and the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltdtoois ready to part with 200 crore for welfare schemes . \"Though the plans are ready and wish lists have been given by villagers , no field work has been carried out so far . Once the ground work is done , funds will be released by the company ,\" said a senior official at the Kudankulam project site. \"Besides the special package , we have contributed 2 crore as annual CSR (corporate social responsibility ) fund . The NPCIL is ready to spend 6 crore as part of CSR this year . But the state government wanted us to pitch in for its schemes . So , we contributed 2 crore and the state spent 4 crore ,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497804", "title": "Govt set to relax norms for high-rises", "text": "MUMBAI: After much deliberation, the state government has finally decided to bring in new norms for clearing towers.At present, sanction from the high-rise committee is needed for construction of buildings that are over 70 m tall. On Friday, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said a panel has been set up to review this norm. \"The panel will justify reasons for recommending a particular height,\" Chavan said.Last year, Subodh Kumar, who was the municipal commissioner at that time, suggested relaxing the norm by asking the high-rise committee to clear only those projects where the height of the building was to be more than 120 m. The national building code considers buildings over 96 m tall as high-rises.The state is actively considering a proposal to disband the existing high-rise committee. Chavan said he was in favour of appointing a panel of international structural engineers or engineers from IIT and other renowned agencies to certify a high-rise as structurally sound.At a meeting with Chavan on Tuesday, representatives of the Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry complained about the delay in approval of projects by the high-rise committee. They also pointed out the overlap in the functioning of the high-rise and the environmental impact assessment committees. \"The review panel will also look into the terms of reference of the high-rise committee,\" Chavan said.The CM will meet Union environment minister Jayanti Natarajan and seek withdrawal of restrictions on development of high-rises in coastal areas.The government is planning to draw up a master plan for the redevelopment of dense slum pockets. There are also plans to grant double FSI for special townships (where builders will develop infrastructure as well) around Mumbai and other cities. \"This will boost housing stock,\" Chavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16499062", "title": "PSC examinations come under cloud", "text": "KANNUR: The suspicion over transparency in the conduct of PSC examinations is gaining ground with more and more job aspirants in the Malabar region alleging that question papers are being leaked to some select groups and that in many instances, they are prepared carelessly.\"The PSC exam for higher secondary economic teachers (senior, junior and non-vocational) conducted on February 16 was cancelled after it was found that nearly 30 questions had been copied from a single guide. When that exam was held again on June 15, there were discrepancies in one set of question papers -- some questions were repeated and some were missing,\" said a group of people who had appeared for the examination in Kannur and Kasaragod districts. They are now planning to move the high court in this connection.The PSC prepares question papers under four codes - A, B, C and D. In the above examination, in the question paper under code D, question number 72 was missing and two separate questions were asked under question number 77. Hence it was not possible to properly mark the answers in the OMR sheet, they said.Though this was pointed out to the PSC, the commission decided to delete the five questions that had the problem. And such things are being done even when just one mark makes a lot of difference in the PSC rank list, they said.\"There is no way out other than seeking the high court's intervention to ensure fair conduct of the examination,\" said K V Santhosh and Anitha P, who are representing the job seekers from the Malabar region.\"We have also been told that the said question paper was leaked to some candidates in Thiruvananthapuram, Kollam and Pathanamthitta. That would also be brought to the notice of the court,\" they added.Ten days ago, a group of candidates who had appeared for the higher secondary and VHSC commerce teachers' examination raised allegations about the conduct of PSC examinations. \"Since the PSC is behaving in an irresponsible manner, we are also planning to organize students from other parts of the state for a mass protest,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16501977", "title": "Yuriko Lochan\u2019s art exhibition in Banglore", "text": "The city's art frat likes nothing better than to catch up at a gallery and check out the new works on display. And it was no different when Yuriko Lochan's exhibition kick-started at a downtown gallery recently.The artist herself chatted with the guests who showed up and explained why the theme behind her works was the lotus.Artists Milind Nayak and Doddamani were spotted at this do, as were Abhay Kewadkar and Veenu Malik. Everyone strolled around the gallery, nibbling on their cheeseand-pineapple canapes and samosas, as they checked out the works on display and intermittently chatted with Yuriko and Renu George, the hostess for the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "16502453", "title": "US Bodo body urges Centre to protect indigenous people", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The United States' Hmong Boro Association (USMBA) has urged the Centre to restore normalcy in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) areas and protect the indigenous people.USMBA vice-president Zongkhang Yang and general secretary Shavb Xiong said the violence was undesirable and indigenous people becoming refugees in their own land is most unfortunate.USMBA said they believe the violence is a direct fallout of a deep-rooted political conspiracy and ceaseless aggressive hate campaigns by communal forces with an ulterior design to turn Assam into a disturbed state.\"We are afraid that taking advantage of this volatile situation, the anti-India forces may also experiment their hidden agenda of jihadi mission of forceful aggression of land and territories of the indigenous people of Assam. For us, the present communal violence is a clear example of the Assam government's failure to protect the fundamental rights of indigenous Bodo and other local ethnic communities,\" the statement said.The association also demanded the government to provide adequate compensation to the victims, ensure appropriate rehabilitation and safety of the affected people, initiate appropriate measures for building confidence among all sections of people, stop unabated influx of Bangladeshi migrants and adopt effective mechanisms to detect and deport all illegal settlers in Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500155", "title": "Some water tankers call off strike, resume ops", "text": "CHENNAI: The strike by private water tankers over regularisation of norms for groundwater extraction seems to have lost ground . One section of tanker lorries called off the agitation on Friday , while another group continued to protest . More than 300 private water tankers in Pallikarnai and surrounding areas called off the strike in the morning , while close to 400 lorry operators in other areas like Ambattur , Meenambakkam , Thiruvottiyur and Tambaram continued with their stir . \"We decided to call off our agitation after authorities returned two tankers they had seized for purportedly carrying non-potable water . We also received an assurance from officials that our demand would be looked into ,\" said N Nijalingam , president of Chennai Metrowater Tankers' Association . He said private water tanker operators would meet again on September 30 and chart out the future course of action . Officials , however , denied giving the striking operators any assurance . \"I am not aware of officials holding talks with protesters . They probably returned to the roads because they realised no one was paying heed to them as the reason for their protest is not just,\" said a Metrowater official . Many other tanker owners denied having called off the stir . \"We are firm on our stand , no regularisation , no services ,\" said Vedhamuthu , a privatelorry operator in Thiruvottiyur .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16499711", "title": "Restriction will not affect govt offices", "text": "KOCHI: Though GCDA has restricted traffic movement at the Stadium round between 5am and 8am, government offices, functioning at the GCDA complex , stated that it would not affect their operations. SP CB-CID Alex K John said the ban will not affect the movement of police vehicles. \"Though we do not have much activity during the specified time period, police vehicles can pass through any area at any given time,\" he said, adding that GCDA has not forwarded any formal communication in this regard.The Friends Janasevana Kendram, operating at the complex, informed that as their working hours are from 9am to 7pm, the ban will not be an inconvenience. \"The KSEB office will start accepting bills by 8am,\" said Jacob Laser, an employee. More than 80 private organizations are housed in the complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16498315", "title": "Vasai girl\u2019s body found in creek", "text": "MUMBAI: A three-year-old girl from Vasai, who had allegedly gone missing from outside her house in Panchubunder, Vasai (E) on Wednesday, was found in a creek in the locality. The body has been sent for post-mortem.Parents of the victim Blesina Balpatil registered a missing complaint with the Vasaigaon police on Wednesday evening after the girl went missing from outside their house where she was playing.On Thursday, the police were informed of a body floating in the creek behind Samudra hotel in Panchubunder. The body was identified as that of Blesina. It has been sent to the Navghar primary health centre to ascertain whether the cause of death was accidental.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16496942", "title": "PM Manmohan Singh: This crisis was as bad as 1991 when gold was pledged", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday justified his government's recent reform measures by invoking the 1991 crisis, stressing his credentials as the architect of economic reforms to assure people that he can pull off another turnaround if his prescriptions to revive faltering growth are followed.In his rare address to the nation which signaled that more steps could be in the offing, Singh said that just as the country rebounded in 1991 after forex reserves had shrunk to cover only three weeks of imports, recent measures and similar ones will put the economy back on rails. \"We are at a point where we can reverse the slowdown in our growth. We need a revival in investor confidence, domestically and globally. The decisions we have taken are necessary for this purpose,\" the PM said.However, the advocacy for tough steps and reforms measures was accompanied with the insistence that the UPA, which won office twice with a commitment to protect the interests of the common man, remained \"the government of the \"aam aadmi\".In fact, he suggested that the hike in diesel price was actually aimed at discouraging the rich from walking away with subsidy on a fuel which is supposedly meant for the poor. \"Much of the diesel is used by big cars and SUVs owned by the rich and by factories and businesses. Should government run large fiscal deficits to subsidize them,\" Singh said, adding that diesel price was raised only by Rs 5, instead of Rs 17 that was needed to cut the losses.He also said that kerosene, which is used by the poor, was not touched.In the televised address, he said the action on diesel and cooking gas was necessary to ward off an economic crisis since not doing anything would have seen petroleum subsidy going over Rs 2 lakh crore. \"Where would the money for this have come from? Money does not grow on trees,\" the PM said as he detailed the string of dire consequences -- from inflation to unemployment to loss of investors' confidence -- that would have followed inaction.Singh emphasized that subsidy on fuel exceeded the combined spend on health and education.The address was part of the government's effort to brazen out the resistance to reforms measures and came on a day of reassuring developments, with the Sensex giving a high-five to the moves with a 400-point jump and Mulayam Singh Yadav pledging his support to the government.\"We need to do more, and we will do more,\" said an unfazed PM, stressing more reforms were necessary to achieve inclusive growth and repair public finances.Building on the same sense of urgency, the PM invoked the economic crisis of 1991 and the benefits of the hard steps that the country had then taken with him as the finance minister. \"The last time we faced this problem was in 1991. Nobody was willing to lend us even small amounts of money then. We came out of that crisis by taking strong resolute steps. You can see the positive results of those steps. We are not in that situation today, but we must act before people lose confidence in our economy,\" he said.Seeking to ram home his point, he said that countries in Europe, which failed to tackle similar problems, \"cannot pay their bills\" and are seeking others' help. \"World is not kind to those who do not tackle their own problems,\" he added.On allowing FDI in multi-brand retail, he said criticism of the decision was misplaced. \"In 1991, when we opened India to foreign investment in manufacturing, many were worried. But today, Indian companies are competing effectively both at home and abroad, and they are investing around the world. More importantly, foreign companies are creating jobs for our youth -- in information technology, in steel and in the auto industry. I am sure this will happen in retail trade as well,\" he said.The address was not as bullish as the \"the-only-thing-we-have-to-fear-is-fear-itself\" rhetoric that former US President F D Roosevelt used to calm his jittery nation during the Great Depression of the 1930s. However, the PM balanced the \"glass-is-half-empty\" tone he used to seek people's support for hard measures with the assurance that he has it in him to turn things around.The speech was cheered by industry captains but was slammed by political opponents, with Trinamool boss Mamata Banerjee mocking the PM's professed commitment to the aam aadmi.Singh dipped into his accomplishment as the finance minister who put the country on the reforms trajectory. \"I know what happened in 1991 and I would be falling in my duty as prime minister of his country if I did not take strong preventive action,\" he saidThe use of first person was significant, coming from a prime minister who has often been accused of not taking charge: clearly a pitch that the person who saved the country in 1991 will not let it down now. Citing the crisis in Eurozone, he said, \"I am determined to see that India will not be pushed into that situation. But I can persuade you to understand why we had to act.\"Speaking in the same vein, Singh said, \"I will do everything necessary to put our country back on the path of high and inclusive growth. But I need your support. Please don't be misled by those who want to confuse you by spreading fear and false information. The same tactics were adopted in 1991. They did not succeed then. They will not succeed now. I have full faith in the wisdom of the people of India.\"As he appealed for people's cooperation, he promised to keep his part of the grand bargain. \"As prime minister of this great country, I appeal to each one of you to strengthen my hands so that we can take our country forward and build a better and prosperous future for ourselves and for the generations to come,\" he said.Click here for the full text of PM's address to the nation", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16501891", "title": "Risky ride on Khapuria roads", "text": "CUTTACK: The deplorable condition of roads in Khapuria industrial area has made travelling a nightmare. The innumerable ditches and craters get filled with water once its starts raining. As a result, wading through knee-deep water and tripping and injuring self is common. \"Though roads in Khapuria are in a bad shape since the last seven years, these are not being repaired. The poor drainage system has contributed to water-logging on the roads thus aggravating the situation,\" said Ramakant Padhiary, a local resident.The stretch of road connecting the Khapuria main road to Sriram Nagar is the worst affected. \"The road between Ruchi factory and Sriram Nagar is in a very bad shape. It is very dangerous to use this road during the monsoon,\" said Soudamini Das, a housewife residing in the area.The industrial area set up two decades ago houses more than 70 small and medium size industries. But little is being done to augment the civic infrastructure. \"The area contributes a lot to the state's economy as many renowned industries are located here. But steps are not being taken to develop it,\" said B K Sahoo, a senior citizen living in the area.Even many residential colonies have come up in Khapuria that comes under ward no. 48 of Cuttack Municipal Corporation (CMC). The land of Khapuria industrial area is owned by Odisha Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation (IDCO). Though both these corporations are supposed to look after the civic welfare of Khapuria, little has been done to solve the water-logging and bad road problems. \"We have approached the CMC and IDCO with our problems many times and requested them to repair the roads. But the authorities are not paying any heed to our appeals,\" said Motiprakash Rath, another resident.Even sanitation is in a very bad shape. \"Heaps of garbage and rainwater accumulate in the potholes making it an ideal breeding ground for mosquitoes,\" said Sasmita, a housewife.Local councillor blamed IDCO for poor infrastructure development in Khapuria. \"It is the duty of IDCO to repair the roads but it is not doing its work properly. So the CMC has decided to repair the road and trying its best to complete it before Durga puja,\" said Soubhagini Jena, the councillor. But IDCO officials claimed that they have already started repairing the roads. \"Roads have been repaired at most locations in Khapuria,\" said an official of IDCO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500070", "title": "Judge who disciplined Chennai to head Delhi HC", "text": "CHENNAI: The newly-appointed chief justice of the Delhi high court , Justice D Murugesan , is likely to be sworn in and may assume charge in New Delhi on Wednesday .The affable and hugely popular Justice Murugesan , who is the seniormost Tamil Nadu judge in his parent court here , said on Friday that his warrant of appointment as chief justice of the Delhihighcourthad already been issued. \"A farewell function is to be held here on Monday . My association with this chartered high court spans more than 32 years ,\" he said during a brief interaction with mediapersons on Friday . \"I may assume charge in Delhi on Wednesday ,\" he added . Born on June 10, 1951 in an agricultural family in Theni district , Justice Murugesan enrolled as an advocate in August 1975 . He was appointed additional judge of the Madras high court in March 2000, and made permanent judge in June 2001. The judge's insistence on civic responsibility and discipline was revealed when hechidedtheinaction of civic authorities in controlling the digital banner menace in Tamil Nadu . Summoning the then Chennai corporation commissioner in July 2010, he suggested that measures such as criminal prosecution and spot fine , besides establishing mobile courts in adequate numbers , would curb wanton violations . It was the Justice Murugesan-led bench which first banned 'bike racing' in the city . Besides maiming several road-users and bikers , the perilous game had endangered lives of several youth in Chenai . The 'Bus Day' celebrations were another menace banned by Justice Murugesan-headed bench . The bench of Justice Murugesan and Justice K K Sasidharan delivered the judgment in the aftermath of the June 7, 2011 road accident in which 22 omni bus passengers were killed in Vellore district . Justice Murugesan's questionnaire on human rights , posted in the Tamil Nadu State Judicial Academy's official website, is a popular FAQ section , as it deals with arrest procedures , remand methods , handcuffing of accused ,custody or detention of minors / juveniles , rights of victims held in immoral trafficking cases . Instead of spoon-feeding the budding judicial officers , the write-up makes them visit the criminal manual and update their knowledge .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16500650", "title": "Two more women relieved of gold chain", "text": "INDORE: There has been no let up in the courage of criminals in the city, which has witnessed a sudden spurt in chain-snatching incidents in the recent times. A day after three women were relieved of their gold chain, two more women were targeted in Annapurna area on Wednesday evening.Sadhna, 53, wife of Mahendra Kumar, and a resident of Bank Colony was returning home when an unknown person snatched her gold chain, and fled away taking the benefit of crowd in Sudama Nagar area. She immediately reported the issue to Annapurna police.In another incident, one Vinita Sharma, 23, wife of Lokesh Sharma was returning home with Lord Ganesh's idol when the accused targeted her and escaped with the gold chain. She was accompanied by other family members and neighbours when the incident took place. She is a resident of Prikanko Colony. Cases were filed under section 379 of the IPC in both the incidents.Earlier, three similar incidents had taken place on Tuesday in different parts of the city. First incident occurred in Vijay Nagar when one Margret, 45, wife of Alfred John was targeted. One Sarita Singh, 44, wife of Kishore Singh was targeted in Nehru Nagar when two bike borne escaped with her gold chain. Similarly, one Rinki Singh, 27, wife of Kamlesh Singh was targeted by stranger in Gauri Nagar area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497296", "title": "Doctors worried over sharp rise in number of dengue cases", "text": "MUMBAI: City doctors are seeing a spurt in the number of dengue cases. Not only are more Mumbaikars falling prey to the aedes sting, but patients are also suffering from more severe symptoms.According to the BMC statistics, 136 Mumbaikars have tested positive for dengue in the three weeks of September so far. Compared to 110 dengue positives in the entire August, the numbers show a spike. \"In the whole of last year, 416 people had tested positive and three had died due to dengue. This year, the number of positive cases is 398 with one death so far,\" said Dr Mangala Gomare, head of BMC's epidemiology cell. Dr Gomare said that it is a natural trend for vector-borne diseases to increase during the monsoon months.The dengue-causing mosquito, the female aedes, needs a steady supply of fresh water. They breed in small containers, tyres and flower pots. In fact, the dengue cases rise during intermittent spells of rainfall in the months of August, September and October every year.Practitioners claim that the symptoms accompanying dengue have been more severe in the last few weeks. \"I have 10 patients who had to be admitted because of dengue. Some are on ventilator,\" said Dr Shahid Barmare, who consults in Kohinoor Hospital in Kurla.\"Many are suffering from low blood pressure, low platelet counts and continuous vomiting apart from high-grade fever, bodyache and headache and severe lethargy. One middle-aged woman, even started suffering from acute respiratory distress syndrome and had to be put on ventilator for about seven days,\" he added.Doctors blame the intermittent rains for the spike in the dengue cases. \"It has been raining for sometime followed by sunshine. Most of the cases we have been seeing are from areas which have extreme waterlogging or have construction sites near them,\" said a doctor from a hospital in the western suburbs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mandrem", "code": "16498952", "title": "Malaria cases on decline in Tuem", "text": "MANDREM: The community health centre (CHC) at Tuem-Pernem has recorded 13 cases of malaria from January to July.Malaria cases during this period have decreased as against a total of 33 cases detected last year.The year 2008 and 2009 saw 112 and 41 malaria cases respectively, said medical officer in charge Dr Babu Kerkar, adding that campaigns to check the spread of malaria have borne fruit.Besides victims of malaria, most of the patients visiting the health centre commonly suffer from ailments such as gastroenteritis, diarrhoea, kidney stone, asthma , spondylitis, urinary tract infection, respiratory diseases and viral fever, said Dr Kerkar. As many as 1,145 patients have been treated from January to July, this year. A total of 2,240 patients were treated last year in CHC-Tuem.The health centre caters to the residents of Tuem, Parsem, Mandrem, Arambol, Keri-Tiracol, Korgao, Agarwada and Morjim. Though the CHC is being provided with good facilities and equipments, it requires a trauma emergency services unit, better ultrasound and sonography unit, blood banks, slide boxes, a ward to treat cases of burn injuries as well as canteen facilities to meet nutritional need of the patients as well as the visitors.The centre is also in urgent need of a full time health officer orthopedist, physician, technician and radiologist.Prajakta Kannaik, sarpanch of Tuem village panchayat, when contacted, admitted that the CHC requires better facilities for patients during an emergency.Naik also felt the renovation of the maternity ward, female medicine ward and toilet facilities must be given priority.The health officer, Kerkar, pointed out that a strict vigil on illegal construction activities in the area has been initiated.He further explained that construction materials, often dumped at construction sites, are the prime source of diseases like malaria, dengue, Japanese encephalitis, chikungunya, filaria etc as stagnant water collected among these materials poses a perfect breeding ground for mosquitoes.Not a single case of dengue, chikungunya or Japanese encephalitis is registered at the CHC so far, this year.Navanath Sopte, assistant manager of Janaseva urban co-operative society-Mandrem, opined that most of the construction sites around the coastal villages should be checked intensively by officials and fogging activities should be carried out in affected areas.With construction activities going on unabated, the demand for sand,which is the key raw material in construction is tremendous which also attract migrant labourers, says Dr Anant Naik, ex deputy director of health services, Panaji.Dr Naik said that a regular medical checkup of these labourers attached to sand extraction sites is vital as far as rise of malaria and dengue cases are concerned.On measures taken for medical checks on labourers, Kerkar said that in order to control malaria most of the sites were checked and added that 384 health cards were issued to migrant labourers besides spraying of anti-malaria chemicals and fogging in the areas.He pointed out that several awareness programmes like family welfare programme, school health programme, leprosy eradication, sexually transmitted diseases control programme, AIDS control programme etc are also launched every year.On measures initiated in affected areas, Kerkar said the CHC has taken prescribed measures to control the spread of communicable, vector-borne and water-borne diseases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "siliguri/asansol", "code": "16498707", "title": "Pullout tremors at two civic bodies", "text": "SILIGURI/ASANSOL: The severing of ties between Congress and Trinamool Congress has put a question mark on the future of two corporations \u2014 Siliguri and Asansol \u2014 where neither of the former allies command a majority on its own.Sensing the mood in Siliguri, North Bengal affairs minister Gautam Deb met all the Trinamool councillors to carve out the party's course in the Siliguri Municipal Corporation. It was decided that the councillors will wait for the signal from didi ( Mamata Banerjee ) and won't hesitate to pull out of the board immediately. District Congress president Sankar Malakar prefers to wait and watch the Trinamool course of action. \"It is their decision. They may pull out or continue to give outside support to the Congress board,\" Malakar said.Out of the 47 wards in Siliguri Municipal Corporation, the Congress holds 15 seats, Trinamool 14 and Left Front 17. The Left is unlikely to support Congress this time if Trinamool councillors decide on pulling out of the ruling coalition. \"If those running the board, lose their majority they will face elections,\" said CPM leader Jibesh Sarkar.The situation is similar in the Asansol Municipal Corporation where the Congress has 12 out of the total 50 wards, Trinamool 17 and the Left having 19 seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16498520", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation misses festival deadline to fix potholes", "text": "NASHIK: Nearly ten days ago the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) had set a deadline of eight days to fill all potholes in the city before Ganesh Chaturthi, but three days into the festival and the civic body has managed to fill only 50% of craters on the city's roads.Citing lack of manpower as the main reason for the delayed completion, the NMC has promised that the maximum number of potholes would be filled by Anant Chaturdashi.On September 13, chairman of the NMC's standing committee Uddhav Nimse, had strictly warned the public works department to fill all potholes before September 19 when the festival began. PWD engineers had assured that they would do the needful within the stipulated timeframe.But nearly ten days later the NMC has been able to meet its deadline. \"We have tried our best. We have filled up all the big potholes in major areas. The work is still in progress and we will fill the remaining potholes as soon as possible,\" said a senior PWD engineer.Nimse said that it was due to lack of staff that the work could not be completed before time.\"We will be able to fill the remaining potholes by Anant Chaturdashi. I have instructed the PWD to speed up the work and since there are no rains at present I have asked them to use tar as well so that the roads withstand the rains. I visited the locations along with the officials and have asked them to do the needful,\" Nimse said.The total number of potholes filled in all six divisions from September 10 was 1,586. The civic body, however, has no record of exactly how many potholes there are in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16498497", "title": "Move to hire consultants for Kumbh remains in limbo", "text": "NASHIK: While government agencies, running against time, have already prepared draft-plans for the next Kumbh mela, uncertainty prevails over the appointment of consultants for the event's tourism masterplan. The time given to the consultancy team as has been cut down from 36 weeks to 12-14weeks.Sources have pointed out that since the Tourism Finance Corporation of India (TFCI), has already submitted a tourism report and government departments are in the process of drafting their plans as well, questions are being raised over the need to appoint new consultants. \"There are plans that the consultancy firm, Ernst &amp; Young, may be given 12-14 weeks only for the plan. They may also be given the tourism report prepared by TFCI. The collectorate might ask them to prove their point beyond this benchmark and the agreement will be signed only if both the parties agree on the issue,\" sources from the collectorate said.Ernst and Young (E&Y;) were selected for carrying out a survey on Nashik's tourism prospects and were expected to draw a master plan based on the region's tourist circuit, including religious and leisure activities and other points of adventure in the district. The plan was also meant to explore the natural wealth of the region.The state government had sanctioned Rs 1.5crore toward the project. It has been more than seven months since the decision regarding appointing E&Y; was reached but appointment formalities were delayed due to the electoral code of conduct and the appointment of the new district collector.In view of the fact that TFCI has already submitted its report, collector Vilas Patil has said that were issues regarding the masterplan that had to be ironed out for optimum utilization of funds.The district administration has had a dialogue with the state as well over the issue and officials have said that theyaer being given a free hand to decide on the line of action regarding the system of appointment for the masterplan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16497782", "title": "Garbage a national asset: New pollution board chief", "text": "BANGALORE: The next Ganesha festival will be eco-friendlier, promised the newly appointed chairman of the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB). Vaman Acharya said measures would be taken to prevent manufacture of coloured and plaster of Paris (PoP) idols. The board will speak to artisans and monitoring work will begin much ahead of the festival, said Acharya while speaking to reporters on Friday.\"Production of hazardous idols has already come down by 20% and people have moved to eco-friendly Ganesha idols. We will start monitoring work from now onwards to ensure that next year sees more eco-friendly Ganeshas. Conducting a drive just few days ahead of the festival time won't help as the idols would already be ready by then,\" said Acharya.On the garbage crisis in the city, the KSPCB chief said garbage is a national asset as it gives compost to farmers. \"At the constituency level, garbage needs to be shredded as it can be good compost for farmers. Currently, the accumulated garbage doesn't look homogenous. It should ideally be segregated the same day. Mature technology needs to be used to recycle and reduce usage of plastic. It can be easily converted to diesel and bio-fuel,\" he said.On the Mavallipura landfill, Acharya, who is a solid waste management expert, said it did not fulfil the terms of operation and even at the one managed by Terra Firma, the garbage exceeds capacity.Cutting down on industrial pollution, productive use of garbage, spreading awareness against honking to reduce noise pollution and putting in place a mature technology to reduce the use of plastic are Acharya's immediate priorities.\"Each industrial unit must have in place a waste treatment plant. We will also put a cap on the amount of industrial waste as it directly impacts the masses,\" he said.Acharya is vice-president of All India City Waste Composters Association and also works as a consultant to waste management and bio-mass briquetting organizations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16498881", "title": "Navle released on bail", "text": "PUNE: A magisterial court on Friday granted bail to city-based education baron and founder head of Sinhagad Technical Education Society (STES), M N Navle, in connection with a case of cheating and forgery lodged by the Pawan Gandhi Charitable Trust (PGCT).Navle surrendered himself before judicial magistrate first class Swarup Bose at around 4.20 pm, following Supreme Court order of September 7 directing him to surrender himself to the police within two week while rejecting his anticipatory bail plea.Navle's lawyers S K Jain and Pratap Pardeshi filed a surrender plea before the court and submitted that he and PGCT have settled their dispute by making an out of court settlement. PGCT was represented by lawyer Milind Pawar.Navle applied for bail after the court sent him to magisterial custody remand. Assistant public prosecutor A V Ausekar appealed to the court to impose conditions on Navle.The magistrate asked PGCT trustee Chainsukh Gandhi whether he had any complaint against Navle and whether Navle had pressurised him to compromise. After Gandhi informed that he had no complaint against Navle, the court thenordered his released on bail.Navle was released on a personal bond of Rs 30,000 with one or two solvent surety of the like amount. He was warned not to leave Pune without seeking permission of the court. He was directed to cooperate with the police whenever he was called for questioning.After the court order, Navle refused to comment, but Jain told TOI that he has handed over the disputed land to PGCT and all documents pertaining to the case to the police.Pawar said the PGCT has filed an affidavit stating that they have no complaint against Navle as he had paid a compensation of Rs 3 crore to the PGCT.However, senior police inspector Manohar Joshi , in charge of the Deccan Gymkhana police, said, \"We have nothing to do with the out-of-court settlement between Navle and PGCT. We will soon file chargesheet against Navle in the court.\"The PGCT has accused Navle of usurping the trust's 11.5 acre land at Sutarwadi (Ambadvet) in Mulshi taluka by way of cheating and forging documents. Initially, the case was lodged with the Paud police on May 18, 2011, and was later moved to the Deccan Gymkhana police, which had registered a first information report (FIR) No 168/2011 on July 20, 2011.eom/as", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "panaji/ponda", "code": "16499094", "title": "Suspended mines official commits suicide", "text": "PANAJI/PONDA: Assistant geologist at the mines department, Dattatraya Bhave, 54, allegedly committed suicide at his Ponda residence early Friday.The officer, who was handling granting of NOCs for export, was under suspension for the last 10 days after the Shah commission report on illegal mining was tabled in the Lok Sabha.Ponda sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) and deputy collector Johnson Fernandes, who is investigating the case, said Bhave could have taken the extreme step out of frustration.\"His wife saw him hanging from a dupatta which was tied to the PVC sheet ceiling of his staircase. At the time of the incident, his wife and daughter were at home, while his son was at a maternal uncle's place in Vengurla-Maharashtra,\" Fernandes said.\"As the deceased was a government servant placed under suspension, there could be a possibility of any person killing him and showing it as suicide. The investigation needs to be conducted by a SDM,\" Fernandes added. Inspector general of police Sanjay Singh and North Goa SP Vijay Singh along with Ponda deputy superintendent of police Dinraj Govekar visited the site.Shocked colleagues said Bhave was undergoing severe mental trauma and was in deep depression \"due to the humiliation\" meted out by the government. \"He felt he had a stigma on him wherever he went. That he was guilty till proved innocent. The second factor was the humiliation that he had to sit, along with the others suspended, on the ground floor of the South Goa collectorate in public gaze as ordered by the government,\" sources said.Bhave, a native of Dhave in Sattari, had visited his ancestral home a couple of days ago for Ganesh Chaturthi and returned home to his one-storey house shared with his brother at Naga Masjid Haveli in Ponda on Thursday evening. Quoting statements by family members, Fernandes suspects that the officer could have hanged himself between 4.30am and 6.45am on Friday.Sameer Marathe, a close relative, said the family was shocked to learn that Bhave had committed suicide. While colleagues describe Bhave as a reserved person, local deputy sarpanch Nagesh Naik described him as a peaceful person.With a masters degree in applied geology from Dharwad university, Bhave worked for a private mining firm before joining government service in 1987-88 as a technical assistant. He also served as technical assistant at the mines department's Quepem branch in 1996-97 before being transferred to Panaji.He is survived by his wife, a son and daughter, both college students. A case of 'unnatural death' has been registered by Ponda police under Section 174 of the criminal procedure code. The body was handed over to his family after an autopsy was conducted at the Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim. Bhave was cremated on Friday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16499729", "title": "Amritanandamayi Math to sponsor charity events", "text": "KOCHI: The Mata Amritanandamayi Math has announced Rs 25 crore worth charitable initiatives as part of the 59 th birthday celebrations of Mata Amritanandamayi . As many as two hundred free heart surgeries and 50 kidney transplants have been planned .A release said 500 free homes for the homeless are being constructed across Kerala . The Math will provide financial aid of Rs 1 lakh to families of those who lost lives in the LPG-tanker explosion in Kannur and the fireworks factory in Sivakasi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16498755", "title": "Akhilesh tells DMs to quash FIRs against SP workers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party government in Uttar Pradesh directed district magistrates and district police chiefs to withdraw cases against party workers lodged in previous regimes.\"CM Akhilesh Yadav has recognized the devotion of party workers. All district magistrates (DM) and senior superintendent of police/superintendent of police (SSP/SPs) were asked to expedite procedure to withdraw cases against them,\" said spokesman Rajendra Chaudhary.The BSP government was vindictive and filed false cases against SP workers and their family members, he claimed. The SC/ST Act meant for prevention of atrocities on dalits was misused during the BSP rule. Senior party leaders were also harassed and humiliated. The SP is withdrawing cases not only against its party leaders but also against mafia-turned-politicians like Abhay Singh, Mukhtar Ansari and Vijay Mishra. They won elections while in jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500459", "title": "Go with govt fixed fee: Madras high court", "text": "CHENNAI: In a significant ruling, the Madras high court held that the CBSE and ICSE schools are subject to state government's jurisdiction and that they must collect only the fee prescribed by the statutory fee determination committee. Dismissing a batch of writ petitions filed by CBSE and ICSE schools on Friday, a division bench of Justice R Banumathi and Justice R Subbiah said: \"There is no Central Act or other statutory body to regulate CBSE schools...It is the bounden duty of the state to ensure that the private schools in the state do not indulge in profiteering in the name of imparting education. Insofar as the CBSE schools, the state government has the bounden duty to see that the fees collected by the schools are commensurate with the facilities and see that they do not indulge in profiteering or charging capitation fees.\" The matter relates to the fee structure determined by the statutory Private Schools Fee Determination Committee as per the Tamil Nadu Private Schools (Regulation of Collection of Fee) Act, 2009. The CBSE and ICSE schools have been opposing the mechanism saying the state has no jurisdiction over schools affiliated to the CBSE. They said the state governments had only supervisory control over them and that they could only 'recommend' disaffiliation of an erring school. Merely because the government issues no objection certificate (NOC), it cannot exercise domain over CBSE schools. Advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan and additional government pleader P Sanjay Gandhi (education), however, said these schools were 'private schools' as defined in the State Act, and that they cannot levy exorbitant fee and burden the exchequer, which reimburses the fee as per Section 12(2) of the RTE Act. The judges, agreeing with the submissions, said: \"The schools owe a duty and social responsibility to the public so that the fee charged is reasonable and commensurate with the facilities. The CBSE schools cannot contend that they are out of the purview of the TN School Fee Act and that the state government cannot regulate the fee. Holding that CBSE schools, except those directly founded and managed by the central government, are 'private schools' within the meaning of Section 2(j) of the Tamil Nadu Schools (Regulation of Collection of Fee) Act, 2009, the judges said the clause did not specifically exclude CBSE or ICSE schools from its ambit. Pointing out that a NOC from the state government is the basis for establishing a CBSE or ICSE school, the judges said NOC was not an empty formality. \"It gives an inference that CBSE schools can be run only in accordance with the rules and regulations of the state government...Without the NOC, schools cannot be affiliated to the CBSE Board. NOC is nothing but an implied permission to run the CBSE schools within the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16497784", "title": "Malleswaram finds neat way out for wet waste", "text": "BANGALORE: Residents of Malleswaram are way ahead of the BBMP. On Friday, they launched a project to dispose of waste scientifically.Aptly called 'My Malleswaram', the project will be carried out in association with the civic body, where 90% of the wet waste collected from houses and commercial establishments in Malleswaram is processed at the ward level itself - and within a timeframe of 35 days.To achieve results, the residents will fall back on a state-of-the-art treatment methodology, Pelrich Composorb, an organic composting aid. With enough aeration during composting, this unit promises to be a stink-free methodology.\"I believe in treatment of garbage at source as the city is facing a severe shortage of landfills to dump garbage. Moreover, with modern methods available, we must make use of them,\" said Malleswaram MLA Ashwath Narayan CN.With the assistance of BBMP, composting units have been identified in different parts of Malleswaram and the programme is being launched on a pilot basis in all wards. Once this method proves successful in treating waste, it would be taken up on a large scale in the city.HOW IT WORKSPelrich Composorb, developed by Pelican Biotech and Chemical Labs Pvt Limited, works under the principle of ACUAA (Advanced Composting Using Aerobic Assistance) and provides aeration to absorb leach liquid and stench during composting. After the composting process is over, the Composorb, along with organic waste, is converted into water retaining, lightweight, soil-less planting media with nutrients.AREA CAMPAIGN'My Malleswaram' is a civic movement designed by the people, for the people. The idea behind the campaign is to bring together Malleswaram residents, irrespective of age, background and profession, to create a 'Malleswaram For People' and 'People For Malleswaram'.Launched in June 2012, the movement has fuelled many success stories in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16501465", "title": "Sudipta Chakraborty at The HHI", "text": "While the city prepares itself to usher in Durga Puja, a different sort of celebration was going on at The HHI. And it was none other than Tollywood star and National Award-winning actor, Sudipta Chakraborty, who dropped by to join in.The celebration in question is, of course, the Christmas cake-mixing ceremony. Joining her were Vinay Jaiswal, director of operations and Rodney Kaypee, general manager, both of The HHI. Said the actor, \"I can't bake a cake on my own but I enjoy digging into one. I get cake for my family on every occasion. I enjoyed the cake-mixing ceremony. It was great fun. Fruit cakes are synonymous with Christmas though my favourite bakes are the ones without cream, chocolate cakes, black forests and brownies.\"We asked her about her Puja plans. \"One can hardly make out that I am a big foodie, looking at my built! Therefore, calories would be the least of my concerns as I plan to gorge on some delicious grub this Puja\". So what are you waiting for? Let the festivities begin!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16499446", "title": "Shut student-starved Magadh University deps, says govt", "text": "GAYA: In view of the rationalization exercises jointly undertaken by the state government and Raj Bhawan to synchronise faculty strength, the state government has directed Magadh University (MU) to take the initiative for closure of all departments in the university and constituent units where less than 10 students have been enrolled in a particular subject.As per the government scheme of things, students of the subjects/departments having less than 10 students on its rolls are to be transferred/tagged to a neighbouring institution to make higher education more cost effective. The government notification issued by education department joint secretary Jitendra Prasad wants university officials to complete, what it calls, the process of closure/unification and amalgamation to be completed during the ongoing academic session.MU Registrar D K Yadav, while conceding the receipt of the government notification containing rationalization details regarding the post-graduate department and the 44 constituent colleges of the university, said that the vice chancellor has constituted a three-man committee to look into the whole gamut of rationalization and submit its report. The committee has been asked to submit its report at the earliest, said the registrar.Asked about the rationale behind the constitution of the three-man committee to look into different aspects of rationalization including closure/unification/amalgamation of the departments and transfer of nearly 400 teachers from surplus to deficit institutions, the registrar said the rationalization exercise undertaken by the government was based on the figures of the year 2006.Much change has taken place in these six years. Whereas the number of students has gone up between 2006 and 2012, the number of working teachers has gone down, as a sizeable number of teachers have retired and no fresh recruitment has been made for about a decade now. The last appointments were made as far back as 2003. Moreover, a PIL was pending in the Patna High Court and the university has also to submit a status report in the HC, said the registrar.Meanwhile, the rationalization move has created ripples in the university circles, as about 25% of the university teachers are to be shuffled from one institution to another to give effect to the government proposal. A sizeable number of those slated to be transferred have managed choice posting all these years and would, in any case, be retiring in the next few years. Intense lobbying has begun in the university to minimize the rationalization impact, say sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497927", "title": "How Vidya Charan Shukla's inducement helped save Narasimha Rao govt in 1992", "text": "NEW DELHI: If Congress seems unfazed by the loss of support of Trinamool's 19 members in Lok Sabha, it is for a good reason. The nonchalance stems from the way its Narasimha Rao-led government lasted its full term from 1991-1996 despite being short of majority at the beginning of its tenure. The person, who was tasked with marshaling the magic figure, the then parliamentary affairs minister, Vidya Charan Shukla, is confident that Congress would sail through this time as well.Relaxing in a south Delhi apartment, away from the din, bustle, machinations and backroom parleys of Lutyens' Bunglow Zone eighty-something Shukla talks in pauses and retains an institutional memory. He is busy writing his \"no holds barred memoirs\" these days, so personalities and sequence of events come easily to him. He speaks of how he as the parliamentary affairs minister during P V Narasimha Rao's minority government saved it on numerous occasions and most crucially in June, 1992.Shukla says after the 1991 election, Congress government was in minority, needing over 10 MPs to cross the danger mark. \"I had to keep myself vigilant during Parliament session and off it. I had four able ministers of state - Jayanthi Natarajan, Margaret Alva, Rangarajan Kumaramangalam and Mukul Wasnik - who used to meet people and bring them over to me,\" he says, stressing that \"people\" stands for MPs.Shukla says the Rao government drew its sustenance from Ajit Singh's Lok Dal, which had 20 MPs. \"I had made informal arrangement with Singh that he would never issue whip. He kept his word and I used to draw from his 20 MPs.\"But the real crunch came during the no-confidence motion of June, 1992. \"It was a high-voltage drama,\" he recounts. He remembers sitting with then Speaker Shivraj Patil for number crunching only to find that ayes and nos were evenly balanced. \"Patil's casting vote would have helped us. But it was a dishonorable position. I wanted to change that,\" he reels off. He remembers getting a chit from the PMO that said four Jharkhand Mukti Morcha MPs would also vote in favour of government. \"Including them we were equal,\" he explains.What made it worse for Congress was pressure from a large section of Lok Dal MPs, who wanted a whip be issued. \"To avoid the expulsion we needed seven Lok Dal MPs to side with us. My job was to find out who were against the whip. It included Ram Lakhan Singh Yadav,\" Shukla remembers. Yadav was contacted by Shukla and promised a Cabinet berth and an assurance on this from Rao. A day before the no-confidence motion, Yadav came with six other Lok Dal MPs. But despite Shukla's insistence, Yadav did not let his MPs be kept under government's safe custody.Next day, as the debate began, Shukla to his \"horror\" discovered one MP from Yadav's camp was missing. \"I told the Speaker to let every member speak for as long as they want and give chance to everyone.\" Hectic backroom parleys had begun. Shukla and his four lieutenants began searching for one MP who would bail the government out, and found a member from western UP. On being brought to Shukla's room, the MP immediately asked what he would get in lieu of support. \"I promised him chairmanship of parliamentary committee, foreign trips. I used permissible inducements under parliamentary system. No money was discussed. Finally, Ghulam Nabi Azad was roped in to convince the MP.\"Twist in the tale happened minutes before voting. It was discovered that an MP from Odisha was \"no position to understand the voting system\". \"MPs sitting on his either side were opposed to Congress. We had no way out. So, he was told the colour of button that had to be pressed. But his fingers went on the middle button, so it was read as abstention.\" As many MPs could not cast their vote, Vijayaraje Scindia of BJP took control of the Odisha MP. Wasnik and Kumaramangalam followed her. Even as Scindia was arguing with ministers, tellers (parliamentary staff who were collecting voting chits from MPs) came and asked the MP about his vote. He said he was in favour of government. \"We won by 14 votes,\" Shukla remembers with a glee. Few months later, he says, Ajit Singh with a depleted flock approached Shukla and requested that with seven MPs already gone, the rest 13 should also be taken. Singh became a minister and government was in majority. Shukla's name did not figure in any investigation. His permissible inducement had worked wonders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16502888", "title": "'Cure for Alzheimer\u2019s disease still elusive'", "text": "Mysore: Even though researchers are doing their best to find a remedy, cure is elusive for Alzheimer's disease, said Karnataka State Open University VC K S Rangappa here on Friday. Speaking at the inaugural of a seminar at Sarada Vilas College of Pharmacy to mark World Alzheimer's Day, Rangappa said suitable measures must be taken to identify patients suffering from the disease. The VC lauded the efforts of the college staff in conducting active research for the management of dementia and other related disorders of Alzheimer's disease. He called upon the staff and students of the college to actively engage themselves in research of a drug for the disease. Sarada Vilas College of Pharmacy principal Dr K Joshi Hanumanthachar said that there is a plan to screen senior citizens of Mysore for possible incidence of memory loss. Neuro-psychological screening tests for dementia and mini-mental status examination were conducted for people aged 30 years and above,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16499509", "title": "Burnt items show humans recycled even 13,000 yrs ago", "text": "LONDON: Archaeologists have discovered that humans from the Upper Palaeolithic Age recycled their stone artifacts to be put to other uses.Researchers found a high percentage of burnt remains in the Moli del Salt site in Tarragona, Spain which date back to the end of the Upper Palaeolithic Age some 13,000 years ago. The study found that the recycling of tools was normal during the Upper Palaeolithic Age and was more common for domestic activities and seems to be associated with immediate needs.Tools used for hunting, like projectile points for instance, were almost never made from recycled artifacts. In contrast, double artifacts (those that combine two tools within the same item) were recycled more often.\"This indicates that a large part of these tools were not conceived from the outset as double artifacts but a single tool was made first and a second was added later when the artifact was recycled,\" Manuel Vaquero, researcher at Universitat Rovira i Virgili, said.Vaquero said the burnt artifacts were chosen because \"they can tell us in a very simple way whether they have been modified after being exposed to fire\". \"To identify the recycling, it is necessary to differentiate the two stages of the manipulation sequence of an object: before and after it is altered,\" Vaquero said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ramanathapuram", "code": "16499525", "title": "Miscreants hurl petrol bomb at mosque, tension in Ramnad", "text": "RAMANATHAPURAM: Tension prevailed at Ramanathapuram on Friday after a petrol bomb was hurled at a mosque around midnight the previous day.Though the explosion of the bottle filled with petrol did not cause much damage to the mosque, the incident coming hours before the Vinayaga Chathurthi procession was to commence, gave tense moments to the police. \"Now the situation has come back to normalcy. The Vinayaga Chathurthi procession was taken out in various places of the district in a peaceful manner,\" a police officer said. However, the police are yet to arrest anyone for hurling the petrol bomb. \"We have not identified anyone as accused. The inquiry is on,\" the police officer said.Police said that the miscreants had come in motorcycles to the vicinity of the mosque and pelted the bomb. A lone priest, who was sleeping in the mosque rushed out after hearing the explosion and found fire on a window. He raised an alarm and public residing in the locality rushed to the mosque and put off the fire. Soon, a large number of people from the Muslim community started gathering in front of the mosque.As the situation turned tense, police personnel were deployed in the locality and senior police officials held talks with the irate public. The police pacified them that the miscreants would be arrested soon and were requested not to resort to any protest against the attack until the Vinayaga Chathurthi procession was completed. Subsequently, the public dispersed from the mosque. Police beefed up security in all sensitive points in Ramanthapuram where the procession was taken out to prevent any untoward incidents. However, there was an air of tension all around the town throughout the day.Police said that they are clueless over the identity of the miscreants. \"It appears that the miscreants deliberately wanted to incite trouble. We explained it to the public who were upset about the attack on the mosque and they understood. We will nab the miscreants soon,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16498031", "title": "55-yr-old loses life for driving sans helmet", "text": "JAIPUR: A 55-year-old man was killed in a bid to save a pedestrian after an unidentified vehicle hit his scooty near Indra Nagar on Tonk Road late on Thursday night. He succumbed to injuries on Saturday.Police said the man lost control of the scooty after a vehicle hit it. Seeing a pedestrian crossing the road, he applied the brakes suddenly due to which he fell off the scooty and sustained serious head injuries. Police said the man was not wearing a helmet.According to the police, the deceased, identified as Nagdeen Srimal, was a resident of Indra Nagar.\"Srimal was on his way home from his shop on MI Road when the mishap occurred. He was able to save the pedestrian, but lost his life instead. After the mishap, some passers-by informed the police following which a police team was rushed there. Srimal was taken to SMS Hospital where he succumbed to injuries around 9 am on Friday,\" said a police officer.He added that an FIR has been registered against the driver of the unidentified vehicle. \"We are trying to identify the vehicle,\" said the officer.In another accident near the Bhankrota police station building on Friday evening, a man rammed into a truck stationed on the express highway, since he could not see the truck. As he was not wearing helmet, he died following serious head injuries.Police said the man's father has lodged an FIR against the truck driver as the indicators of the truck were switched off making it difficult for the victim to spot the stationary vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497272", "title": "No early hearing of Aruna\u2019s bail plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Friday refused to grant early hearing to Aruna Chaddha, an accused in the Geetika Sharma suicide case. This prompted the accused to withdraw her bail plea with a liberty to file a fresh one in the trial court.Chaddha's counsel withdrew the plea after Justice Manmohan refused to give an early date and posted the case for hearing in November. Her counsel told the court \"if such a long date is given, the whole purpose of bail application will be defeated as the police will file chargesheet in the case and the situation will be different by then.\"Chaddha (40) worked in former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda's now-defunct MDLR Airlines where deceased Geetika had also worked. Chaddha had sought bail saying she has a seven-year-old daughter and old parents to look after. She also pleaded to the court that she was the sole bread earner of her family.She further claimed that the material collected by police did not show that she was involved in abetting Geetika's suicide. \"The bare perusal of the FIR and the material collected by the investigating agency does not show that the applicant is involved in any manner in the abetment of suicide or its conspiracy,\" read her plea. Kanda, who had employed Chaddha and Geetika, is the prime accused in the case.Geetika (23) had, in her suicide note, accused Kanda and Chaddha of harassing her and forcing her to commit suicide. Both have denied the allegations and are facing the charges of criminal intimidation and abetment to suicide.Chaddha's counsel withdrew the plea after Justice Manmohan posted the case for hearing in November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "16498700", "title": "Trinamool likely to give Pranab's son walkover in Lok Sabha bypolls", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: Mamata Banerjee's pulling out of the UPA II is likely to have a cascading effect on the party's alliance with the Congress down the line. However, the picture looks different in Jangipur, where Trinamool is likely to give Pranab Mukherjee's son, Abhijit, a walkover in the Lok Sabha bypolls. The seat fell vacant after Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee put in his papers and got elected as the President.\"The decision will be taken by Mamata Banerjee . As far as I understand, our party may stay away from bypolls,\" said Trinamool's Murshidabad president Mohammed Ali. However, Trinamool may contest the Nalhati assembly bypolls if Abhijit's seat falls vacant if he is elected to the Lok Sabha.While no one from Trinamool turned up, Congress candidate Abhijit and CPM candidate Muzaffar Hossain reached the Behrampore administrative building and filed their nominations on Friday. BJP candidate Sudhangshu Biswas also submitted his nomination paper on the same day.Congress MP Adhir Chowdhury accompanied Abhijit while filing his nomination. CPM's Muzaffar Hossain, on the other hand came with district secretary Mriganka Bhattacharya and Forward Bloc district secretary Bibhas Chakraborty. Sources said Abhijit is heavily banking on Congress strongman Adhir Chowdhury to help him steer clear. \"It would have been better if my father could come here for campaign. But it is not possible. Adhir Chowdhury is my captain. I will follow his instructions as the race begins,\" said Abhijit.Taking a dig at his political opponent Hossain, the Congress candidate said: \"I am happy that I will be fighting a Left candidate who was defeated by Adhir Chowdhury. Probably, I will be able to devote two days for each assembly segment under the Jangipur Lok sabha constituency.\" The Left Front candidate, however, left it to the party to decide on his campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16501565", "title": "Cartoonist Aseem to attend artists' camp in Austria", "text": "Kanpur: Cartoonist Aseem Trivedi, who was arrested on charges of sedition for his anti-corruption cartoons, will participate in the 24/7 marathon camp \"Truth is Concrete\", that kicked off in Graz city of Austria on Friday.Trivedi will fly to Austria on Saturday, where he will participate in the camp, a forum which is not only open for requests, questions and discussions, but also for any recommendation of related event, websites connected with artistic strategies in politics and political strategies in art.\"The week-long marathon camp 'Truth is Concrete' would define the field of future action. It is a platform for graphic designers and artists who devote their work for social and political causes. Cartoonists facing ban, Egyptian sprayers, graphic designers from the Serbian student movement, newspaper makers from Belarus, photographers from Brazilian favelas, concept artists from Palestine, it is a series that would continue till September 28 on postcards as advertisements, on posters and on the Internet,\" he told TOI.Trivedi, 25, a native of Kanpur, was arrested under Indian Penal Section 124 (sedition), Section 66 A of Information Technology Act and Section 2 of Prevention of Insults to Nation Honour Act. He was released after the Bombay High Court granted him bail.The freelance cartoonist has been accused of putting up banners and posters mocking the Indian Constitution during a rally of anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare in the year 2011 and posting the cartoons on websites.Aseem uses his art as a political weapon mainly for the campaign \"Cartoons Against Corruption\" which he started in 2011. His popular website was shut down by the government when he supported the hunger strike of Anna Hazare with his drawings.The movement 'Save Your Voice', supported by leading activists and artists, demands the restoration of his website and to change the internet censorship laws of India.\"I strongly believe that the common man is the real hero in a democracy. Indians, who are a part of world's largest democratic setup, are still struggling to find a political mooring. We are only demanding a strong anti-graft Lokpal bill, which the present government has been denying and instead portraying anti-graft crusader Anna Hazare as anti-democratic,\" he said.\"We are debating the supremacy of Parliament, but unfortunately the common man is still being treated as a servant and not as a hero. So my latest cartoon, that will be a part of the Marathon Camp 'Truth is Concrete' in Graz City of Austria, would portray the ideal face of democracy for India. As an artist I would feel extremely happy and satisfied when the common man in India would be treated as a real hero,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16498687", "title": "38 cartons of liquor seized", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Working on a tip-off, Chandigarh Police on Friday morning intercepted a car and seized 38 cartons of country-made liquor that was being illegally smuggled in to city's villages and suburbs.According to the police, the PCR (police control room) wing laid a special naka and stopped a Maruti Zen at around 5.45am near water works station in Sector 39. \"We have found 38 cartons of country-made liquor; eight boxes of full bottles, 15 boxes of half and 15 boxes of quarters, that were loaded in the car. The accused was taking the liquor to colonies and villages. We are trying to ascertain the source of this liquor,\" said ASI Satish Kumar .Police had also held car driver Mohmad Farooqui alias Sonu, a resident of Sector 56. He was booked under various sections of the Excise Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497683", "title": "Elevated link may go underground after Bandra station", "text": "MUMBAI: The elevated railway corridor between Churchgate and Virar may have an underground stretch of 5 to 6 km between Bandra and Borivli. Experts feel the Rs 21,000 crore plan's alignment may be reworked due to fears over land acquisition, which could stall the project.According to the original project information report, an 8.04-km stretch between Oval Maidan and Mahalaxmi would be subterranean. Of the remaining 55 km (Mahalaxmi to Virar), the alignment was to be an \"elevated level for nearly 42 km\".The train will travel along side the existing tracks between Santacruz and Vile Parle, Dahisar and Mira Road, Bhayander to Vasai and at Virar, where the service will terminate.The railways have decided to revise the project's alignment after the state government cautioned that land acquisition, particularly of privately owned buildings could proved tough and delay the execution of the project.\"We have now decided to increase the underground stretch, which may increase the project's cost. It will also ensure faster execution of the project,\" a senior railway official said.\"We have also decided to change the alignment slightly to ensure that land acquisition is minimal. At places, where this is not possible, we will have no option but to acquire land,\" he added.The Rail Indian Technical and Economic Services will have to finalize the change in alignment.Initially, the railways had planned to build the infrastructure to run 15-car services. For this, the total land requirement for the project was 26 hectares. According to the original design, more than 7,000 people affected by the project would have to be rehabilitated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16498208", "title": "\u2018Lack of safety norms causing infra mishaps\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The mishap at a monorail construction site on Shaikh Mistree Road, Wadala (E), in which a crane carrying iron rods for concreting toppled, fortunately did not result in any casualties. But it drove home the message that infrastructure agencies and their contractors have not learnt any lessons from the accidents in the recent past. This was the eighth mishap at construction sites since April 12 this year.MMRDA officials blamed the incident on human error on part of the crane crewa including the driver, as the crane lost its balance while on the move and then toppled. However, experts point out that the frequency of such accidents indicates a total disregard for safety measures at the sites where major infrastructure projects are under way.The monorail project is being built by the MMRDA at a cost of Rs 2,800 crore, with the L&amp;T-Scomi; consortium being the developer. At the site where the mishap took place on Thursday, J Kumar constructions is the sub-conctractor. Had the rods and the crane fallen while children were playing alongside the road, as they usually do at the time of the day when the mishap took place, it would have surely resulted in injuries and fatalities, concerned local residents said.Since April this year, there have been two major and six smaller mishaps at different construction sites, in which two labourers lost their lives and nearly 23 to 25 workers sustained injuries. On July 19, thirteen concrete segments, weighing over 1,000 tonne, of the under-construction Eastern Freeway elevated road fell at Wadala, killing one labourer and injuring seven others. On September 4, a 60-ft staircase and concourse slab fell while being mounted on Metro pillars, killing one labourer on the spot and injuring 16 others.MMRDA spokesperson Dilip Kawathkar said the matter will be investigated before any action is taken. In case of the Metro rail mishap, MMRDA had expressed its inability to take immediate action since it was a minority stakeholder in the project.Times View: Stop infra mishapsThe frequency of these \"accidents\" indicates our infrastructure agencies have learnt few lessons from the recent past. Most of these incidents are avoidable; a little more caution in handling equipment and a little more concern for maintenance could have prevented many of them. It's just our good fortune that the latest incident did not result in any casualty. Both government agencies and private contractors must take maintenance and safety issues more seriously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16500911", "title": "Directors who got their mojo back", "text": "2012 has been a year of spectacular comebacks for these five talented filmmakers who had fallen off the radar. They share their success storiesAnurag Basu HE gave Hrithik Roshan his biggest flop in years. But Basu more than made up for the Kites debacle. From Karan Johar to Anurag Kashyap, Amitabh Bachchan to Shah Rukh Khan , have been flooding Basu's twitter timeline with unanimous respect and praise.Director speak I never lost confidence. My films that failed, the story wasn't mine. I wanted to make my kind of movies, my way. After Kites, I disappeared. If I hadn't, Barfi! would never have happened. I knew I had to make something 'safe'. And as far as Barfi! is concerned, the entire film industry was screaming at me: arrey, kyun bana raha hai tu. But the reaction was so overwhelming, I was scared.Barfi! Report card Produced at an approximate budget of Rs 30 crore, Barfi!recovered its cost within a week of its release by accumulating over Rs 60 crore worldwide.Sujoy Ghosh AFTER his debut Jhankaar Beats, Ghosh had to face the critics' ire for Home Delivery: Aapko...Ghar Tak and Aladin. And just when the industry was about to label him as 'yet another one film wonder', the maverick filmmaker stunned them all with a slick thriller.Director speak I really didn't see what was coming with Aladin. I was quite confident of it. Maybe that's what made me complacent. But I had to move on. I had to keep working to feed my family. As for Kahaani, I do not have the faintest idea what worked. But one person who I must mention is a woman named Balan - she put her career on stake to work with me. And Mr Bachchan.Kahaani Report Card Made on a budget of Rs 8 crore, this film with a heavily pregnant 30-something woman protagonist, accumulated around Rs 75 crore at the box office.Shoojit Sircar AFTER Yahaan in 2005, Sircar had vanished from the face of Hindi cinema only to resurface with Vicky Donor. With an unconventional theme and debutant lead actors, Sircar's was arguably the most feel-good film this year.Director speak Yahaanreleased on July 26, 2005 - the day of Mumbai floods. My next, Shoebitewith Amitabh didn't release. I started all over again. It was like making a debut. I knew I will grow a year older trying to convince an established actor to do Vicky Donor. Nobody expected a film on sperm donor to work. But its simplicity won hearts. Now people trust me.Vicky Donor Report Card In the opening weekend, the film overtook Housefull 2 collections. And within the first 10 days, it had garnered approximately Rs 22 crore.Tigmanshu Dhulia AFTER a promising debut, Dhulia with his need to spread a social message through his films, got stuck with projects that never really got a proper release. But this year, Paan Singh Tomar, changed the game for him.Director speak Second chances are given to directors whose films have stars. I take a lot of pride in the fact that Paan Singh Tomardid not have any big star in it. It worked on its merit. I had been waiting for it to release for one and a half year because I knew once it hits the theatres, it will garner a lot of praise. It changed things for me. People started calling me, mera price badh gaya.Paan Singh Tomar Report Card Made on a budget of Rs 2-3 crore, Paan Singh Tomar went on to collect around Rs 4 crore in the opening weekend.Vikram Bhatt HIS last film Dangerous Ishkq was marketed as Karisma Kapoor's comeback venture. However, it did not help the director come back from a spate of films generating unfortunate box office figures. But Raaz 3 did the trick.Director speak After a film flops, you learn a lesson. And you need to keep trying. A director should always feel like a chef in a restaurant full of hungry people. You need to constantly innovate. However, my horror films have always worked. In Raaz 3 , I was aided by Shagufta Rafique and Bhatt sahab. New energy creates new ideas.Raaz 3 Report Card With the film garnering a net Rs 36 crore in the opening weekend, insiders touted it as Bipasha's only hope to gain entry to the 100-crore-club.with inputs from Anand Vaishnav", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16499621", "title": "Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation to convert waste into manure", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In an ambitious move, the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has decided to employ an agency to process 750 metric tonnes of waste to convert it into fuel and manure. Three companies had bid for the job. The AMC will provide the area for setting up the plant for 29-year lease, while the company will have to set up and operate the plant.Out of the total of the 3,500 metric tonnes of waste that is generated in the city 750 metric tonnes waste can reused-metals , plastic beads used for fuel and manure from wet waste. The project will be monitored by an independent engineer of the AMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "6037648", "title": "Gifting ideas for a baby shower", "text": "You've been invited to a baby shower but don't know what gift to take along? While attending baby showers can be a lot of fun, wondering what to get your friend may be a bit of a hassle.Here's a list of things you could choose from:1) You'll be amazed at the range of clothes they have for infants today. You could gift a complete clothes set \u2014 blankets, bonnets, sweaters, socks, bibs, tiny vests and pajamas. Make sure you choose some soothing colours and the right fabric.2) You could also gift a stroller, rocking chair, bassinet, baby holder, towels, feeding gowns, diapers, photo frames, towels, mats, toys like rattles and teething rings, all of which prove useful in the first year after the baby's birth.3) Every mum-to-be will want to read as much as she can about the arrival of the new baby, so gifting books is a great idea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16498558", "title": "Cops unsure about music after midnight", "text": "NASHIK: Despite demands that music be allowed till midnight during Ganeshotsav and beyond midnight on immersion day, the city police have not yet arrived at a clear decision over the matter.A delegation of local NCP leaders had met state home minister R R Patil to request permission over the issue and Patil had assured them of looking into the matter. However, senior police officials said that they had not received any instructions in this regard.As per the Supreme Court's directive, music on a public sound system is not allowed between 10pm and 6 am. However this rule will be relaxed till 12 midnight on the fifth day and on the last day of the festival. While pandals can be kept open till 12 on the night before immersion day, for public viewing, they cannot play music.Even as the rule is being strictly implemented in the city, members of NCP led by district president, Gajanan Shelar called upon the state home minister.Citing the example of cities like Mumbai and Pune, where traditional music is played even after midnight, NCP members told the home minister to allow a similar rule for Nashik city.While local NCP leaders claimed that the Patil has given his nod for music beyond midnight on immersion day, senior police officials said they have not received any such communication. Police are taking all measures to ensure that the SC directive is adhered to.Whikle 900 home guards are working with the city police to manage crowds and help with street patrolling, five State Reserve Police Force platoons and 250 new recruits are also being used for bandobast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16502803", "title": "Tuki sounds red alert over floods", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki has sounded a red alert across the state in the wake of the floods that have affected several districts of the state.Expressing concern over reports of heavy floods and damages in Lower Dibang Valley, Changlang and Lohit districts, Tuki on Thursday directed funds worth Rs 10 lakh be provided to deputy commissioners and Rs 5 lakh to independent additional deputy commissioners of these districts to enable them to take immediate relief measures.The chief minister further gave directions for constitution of disaster management and mitigation cells in the districts to monitor the situation and launch rescue and relief operations as and when needed, official sources informed. He also ordered opening of relief camps wherever necessary.Tuki, who is in New Delhi at present, is in constant touch with concerned officials and the state police since reports of floods, landslides and disruption of communication poured in from across the state following heavy rains.On Tuki's directives chief minister, the chief secretary has issued strictures to all administrative officers including deputy commissioners, police and district officers in the flood-hit districts to remain alert as well as assess the situation immediately and submit their reports, sources informed. Similar orders have been also dispatched to the disaster management department to alert all the district disaster management officials in the districts.The department has been asked to coordinate with the police and the medical department to provide immediate relief and aid to the people in the affected areas. Tuki called upon the people, especially those residing in vulnerable areas, to remain alert and adopt immediate preventive and safety measures. He urged those residing in lowland areas, which are dangerously prone to inundation or landslides, to shift to safer places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16496892", "title": "Families bond and do their bit to welcome Ganesh", "text": "NEW DELHI: As streets and localities resonate with chants of 'Ganpati Bappa Morya', elders in the family pass on diverse traditions. This is not just a time for setting up pandals with Lord Ganesh idols, but an occasion for get-togethers and merriment.With adults spending the greater part of the year running around to make a living, these 10 days afford them an opportunity to turn their attention to the lord and make preparations for his welcome. The task is cut out \u2014 while the men of the house bring the lord's idol home, the womenfolk prepare elaborate dishes and kids chip in for decorations. Each one does his bit to make the lord's stay splendid.The preparations start two days before the commencement of Ganeshotsav. \"Lord Ganesh's idol is brought, and an aarti is done to welcome him. His arrival is marked by the beating of drums and festivities,\" said Neela Sathe, who is from Maharashtra, has been saying in the capital for more than 20 years.\"The corner where the idol is placed is decorated elaborately. There are flowers, lights, rangoli and fruits. The hibiscus flower is used in decorations; the legend goes that Lord Ganesh liked that flower,\" added Sathe. The next 10 days are full of merriment, punctuated by rituals. Gayatri Ramdasi, who has been in the capital for 14 years, says these rituals and traditions bring together families, which are mostly nuclear. \"There is a constant stream of relatives. We visit homes that have Lord Ganesh installed. It is believed that viewing the elephant god in different houses is auspicious,\" said Ramdasi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16501542", "title": "Hunterz to release Aja Mahiya", "text": "A household name in the Asian music industry and one of the most versatile artists of his kind, Hunterz will mark the release of his new single on 20th September 2012. 'Aja Mahiya', releasing via Moviebox Records, is Hunterz' first release since 2008 and the track is produced by British Asian beat-master Rishi Rich.Hunterz describes 'Aja Mahiya', \"It's a killer song! An immense production from Rishi Rich, you wouldn't expect anything else from him. I really enjoyed this one, from the first day when we recorded it in London to shooting the video in an amazing outdoor location in India, and now I'm very pleased with the end result. I'm glad to be back releasing new music for all the fans around the world to enjoy once again. There's a lot more in the pipeline in the coming months.\"'Aja Mahiya' has Hunterz' inimitable style and sound laced over a trademark beat from Rishi Rich, and the catchy and upbeat track is the product of a collaboration between two of the most naturally gifted musicians in UK. Hunterz possesses a raw talent like no other and with the ability to sing and rap in English, Hindi, Urdu and Punjabi, he has also produced and composed for some of the biggest names in world music. After 15 years in the business, he remains a truly unique artist who, year after year, has consistently delivered hit songs such as 'Haare Haare', 'Tere Bina Dil Mera Lagda Na' and 'Rehle Rehle'.In 2012, Hunterz returns with 'Aja Mahiya', a contemporary clash of Asian and urban sounds and a smash hit in the making, which will reinforce his status as one of the most talented, recognised and versatile Asian artists in the country.'Aja Mahiya' releases on 20th September.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16502773", "title": "Rescuer dies in Arunachal floods", "text": "ITANAGAR: The flood situation in Arunachal Pradesh continued to remain grim for the third day on Friday with floodwaters from various rivers snapping road communication to several districts in the state.Lohit is the worst-affected district, followed by Changlang, Dibang Valley and East Siang districts.One person was swept away by floodwaters of the Balijan river Thursday night in Lohit when he was trying to rescue flood victims, official sources informed here on Friday. His body was recovered on Friday by CRPF personnel, sources said.The Lohit district administration has established eight relief camps for the flood-hit. Thirty-one stranded people were rescued in Sunpura circle of Lohit district last night, while 94 students of VKV Sunpura have been shifted to VKV Tafragam, sources informed, adding that the school building, along with the hostel, have been inundated by floodwaters.In Chowkham circle of the district, the water level of the Lohit, Kamlang and their tributaries are flowing above the red mark. Alubari, Nopatia, Mabira, Morapat and adjoining villages in the circle remained cut off as the water level of Lohit and Sibiri are continuously rising.In Dharmpur area, floodwaters entered 38 houses and the affected people were shifted to safer places, Lohit deputy commissioner R K Sharma informed. In Namsai circle, Menkengmiri, Jona and its adjoining areas are affected by floods and erosion.The flood situation in Changlang and Lower Dibang Valley districts also remained grim with floodwaters snapping road communication at several locations.Torrential rains over the last few days have created havoc in different parts of Lower Dibang Valley district. The increasing water levels of various rivers have flooded residential areas at Simari, Iduli, Abali, Idili and Bolung villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16498590", "title": "Showcause notice to Nashik Industries and Manufacturers\u2019 Association president over RTI query", "text": "NASHIK: The state information commission, Nashik bench, has issued a showcause to the Nashik Industries and Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) president to explain why the chairman, also a public information officer, should not be penalized for not furnishing information sought by a NIMA member under the RTI Act.Stating that since the industrial organization had been allotted land at subsidized rates by the MIDC, the laws of RTI Act are applicable to it and as such it was the duty of the organization to furnish details of information sought by the concerned member, the state information commission observed that the information was not provided to the concerned person.NIMA member J R Wagh wanted to know under which clause of NIMA statute was he removed from the post of a co-opted member of NIMA's executive committee, wide letter dated December 27, 2009. He had filed an appeal in the commission. The commission said that the organization should have replied to the RTI application filed by the aggrieved on February 16, 2010, in thirty days time.Appearing before the commission, Dhananjay Bele, then former president of NIMA, had said that the issue related to the same was finally decided by the office of the charity commissioner, which had dismissed Wagh's application. Taking the matter seriously, the commission, in its three-page order, asked the NIMA president to furnish the information to Wagh within seven days of the passing of the order. The order was passed on August 22, 2012. The commission further asked the NIMA president to file the reply to showcause notice within 15 days.When contacted, Bele, current president of NIMA, maintained that all the information has been given to the concerned person even before going to charity commissioner. \"All the information has already been given. In fact, our people failed to show to the information commission proofs that state that we have delivered the information,\" Bele said. When asked about the showcause notice, the president said, \"We have received one-page judgment which has asked us to deliver the information only.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497320", "title": "Tender norms eased for Dharavi consultants", "text": "MUMBAI: After two failed bids, Mhada has eased tender conditions to select the project management consultants (PMC) for Sector 5 in Dharavi.Satish Gavai, Mhada's vice-president, said they have separated the planning and supervision duties chalked out in earlier tenders. \"In the revised tender, the PMC will not supervise the redevelopment work being carried out by the contractor. It will only focus on preparing the architectural and financial feasibility report for Sector 5,'' said Gavai.The PMC is required to undertake a social survey, development plan and land analysis and also suggest ways to make the project financially viable.A Mhada official said the decision was taken in view of poor response to the project earlier. Mhada had chosen Premnath Associates as PMC, but it was disqualified for want of supporting documents of its tie-up with another architectural firm on whose experience in planning slum schemes they had been shortlisted. The state last year decided to hand over Sector 5 to Mhada to generate of affordable houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16498665", "title": "Gurkhas robbed homes they were supposed to watch", "text": "NAGPUR: Gurkhas, once known for their loyalty and courage and still deployed at most residential localities as guards, seem to have suffered an erosion of values if experience of Kuhi police is anything to go by. They arrested three Gurkhas on September 16 for stealing in the very locality where they worked as as watchmen and sending money to their native place in Nepal. One of the nabbed Gurkhas was working as a watchman at the residence of a senior income tax officer.The gang would assure their families they would guard the home whenever they would be away but break into the residences after the family left. Thereafter, these Gurkhas would themselves call up the house-owners and inform them about the burglary. On many occasions, grateful owners gave generous tips to these Gurkhas for being the first to inform them about the theft. It is learnt another Gurkha gang has already slipped out to Nepal before the trio was nabbed.Kuhi police arrested Dhanbahadur Sahi (26), Sajjan Dholi (32) and Chhatrasahi Sahi (30). During investigation, police recovered 30 tolas of gold worth Rs 9 lakh, 700 gms silver costing around Rs 45,000, cash Rs 7,000, cameras, expensive wrist watches, five mobile phones and 10 SIM cards. Around 10 cases of house-breakings have been detected. The trio admitted to have committed four burglaries at Kuhi, three at Mandhal, one each at Khaparkheda, Beltur and Bhiwapur. An imported pistol, meant for firing pellets, has been also seized from them.The investigating team under senior inspector of Kuhi Prakash Hake also recovered 17 passbooks of different banks and several receipts indicating that the amounts have been sent to Nepal on many occasions. \"The gang of three Gurkhas had been committing burglaries for the last couple of years,\" he said. PI Hake said the gang never left any clue at any of the places they had robbed. Superintendent of police, Nagpur rural, Manoj Sharma said the trio back-stabbed the house-owners who trusted them.It is learnt Dhanbahadur worked at Kuhi, Sajjan at Mandhal and Chhatrasahi at Mankapur in Nagpur at the residence of an income tax official. The trio would contact each other whenever one would have a plan in mind. Sajjan was expert in breaking locks two others aided him. PI Hake said the trio had a plan to sneak away to Nepal. They had also purchased tickets. Dhanbahadur needed money. He approached a local jeweller at Kuhi. The jeweller contacted police through an informer as he had doubts. Police first rounded up Dhanbahadur who led the cops to his accomplices.During search at Dhanbahadur's residence, police found stolen gold on the roof of the bathroom and also in the pillows. Sajjan, it is learnt, had hid several stolen valuables in a pit that he had covered with loose earth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16499386", "title": "Problems that plague Lucknow's parking lots", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as municipal authorities look forward to the new underground parking lots in the city, a host of issues mar the ambitious projects. TOI takes a closer look.Location: Questions are being raised on the location of the parking lots, as people avoid parking their vehicles in the designated lots, during a short visit. \"Why should I park my car in the underground parking lot in Harzartganj, if I have to visit Halwasiya market for just five minutes. Parking a vehicle and then walking down all the way 500 metres is not practical,\" said Alok Mishra, a manager with a private bank.Shelling out Rs 20 for just 5-minute job: People avoid paying parking charges, if they are on a very short visit. Instead they tend to take the risk of parking their vehicles on the road side, unaware of the prowling towing vehicles of LMC. \"It is not until people have fear of their vehicles being ferried away by our squad that they will start parking their vehicles in the designated parking lots,\" said LMC chief engineer, Tarun Sharma. A staff at Mahanagar underground parking lot said that barely four or five vehicles get parked in the facility daily. So has been the case with the parking lot in Bhootnath market in Indiranagar, where most of the vehicles are parked on the road sides only.Poor enforcement on VIP vehicles: The 'no-parking' sign boards installed by the traffic department barely bothers the commuters, especially the beacon sporting vehicles. It is rather common to see vehicles of the government officers, including many IAS and IPS, getting parked illegally on the road sides, instead of the designated parking lots. \"At times, traffic people either look the other way or at best request the driver to take away the vehicles, rather than slapping a challan,\" said a shopkeeper in Hazratganj.Poor Upkeep of parking lots: Managed by private contractors or the government agencies like LMC or the LDA, most of the facilities suffer from poor maintenance. Inaugurated with much fanfare just a year ago, the Hazratganj parking lot has some of its corners dumped with waste and its walls stained by unconcerned paan chewing visitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16498712", "title": "Former top cop gives thumbs up to \u2018free city\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court's pronouncement that freed Chandigarh from the burden of militancy by ordering removal of its \"disturbed area\" tag early this week, has got thumbs up from former top officials who have been at the helm of affairs when city got this dubious distinction over two decades ago.TOI caught up with former DGP of Punjab K P S Gill, who while serving various stints in Punjab watched militancy from close quarters and worked in close tandem with the UT officials.Former top cop, who was in city on a personal visit, refuted the claims that presence of VVIPs who played crucial role in curbing terrorism in the city could be a factor for keeping the city under the category of disturbed area. He also disagreed that the housing of dreaded terrorists and criminals in the city based Burail jail could be associated with the issue.\"When the \"disturbed area\" notification for Punjab, which was worst affected with terrorism in the past, has already been removed, there is no relevance of tag for a place like Chandigarh,\" said Gill. He elaborated that the situation in Punjab and Chandigarh was completely under control.As a fall out of notification it is being speculated amongst the cops, that the post of UT SSP, which presently is being held by a Punjab cadre officer may go to the officer of a UT cadre. There is a buzz amongst the top officials that the move may result in lack of coordination between the police force of Chandigarh and Punjab.\"Such speculations have no basis as there would be no effect on co-ordination of Punjab police and UT police, with the quashing of this notification\" said Gill who has watched functioning of police in two jurisdictions from close quarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16501980", "title": "'Changes in forest Act to help tribals'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The declaration of critical wildlife habitats will not come in the way of implementation of Forest Rights Act (FRA) and will not come in the way of distribution of titles to traditional forest dwellers, said Union secretary, ministry of tribal affairs, Vibha Puri Das here on Friday. Critical wildlife habitats are deemed to be inviolate spaces, where no human presence and no external intervention will be allowed.\"The wildlife and tribal people have coexisted in forest lands over the years and in the future also there will be no problem. So far critical wildlife habitat is yet to be notified, before which it must be ensured that forest rights are settled under the FRA in an area,\" Das said on the sidelines of regional consultation on implementation of the FRA following recent amendments in the Act.Das said Odisha ranked first among nine left wing extremism-affected states in the country in terms of claims of land titles received by gram sabhas. The state also ranked first in distribution of titles under individual forest rights and fourth under community forest rights. In Odisha, a total of 4.31 lakh claims have been disposed off against 5.32 lakh claims till date with 81.07% disposal rate.Das highlighted the amendments carried out in the FRA to overcome problems faced in implementation of the Act. \"A number of problems, including exclusion of smaller hamlets, lack of consent in gram sabhas, free movement of minor forest products, verification of claims and several other problems necessitated the amendments in the Act. The new amendments include fulfillment of livelihood needs, community rights, transportation of minor forest produce, inclusion of hamlets, more power to gram sabhas and hand holding of holders of forest rights,\" she added.Das also appreciated the initiative of Odisha government to translate the FRA in 10 tribal languages for better understanding of the beneficiaries. \"We would suggest other states to take similar steps for the benefit of tribal people,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16501552", "title": "Asin heads for a European vacation", "text": "After some hectic schedule in the first half of the year, Asin has taken a well deserved short break.After two back-to-back successful films Housefull 2 and Bol Bachchan this year, Asin has finally decided to take some time off her hectic schedule. The long legged beauty had been constantly running a packed schedule with all the promotional activities and shooting for her upcoming movies.So after working around a hectic first half of the year, the actress has finally decided to take a much needed and well deserved short break, and decided on Europe as the venue for her sojourn!\"She had hardly got any time for herself as she was busy shooting for Bol Bachchan and then got into promotions for Housefull 2 and later with the promotions of BB. She even started work on Khiladi 786 post that. So now that she has got some time off from her packed schedule, she decided to go to Europe for a quick vacation and will resume shooting for Khiladi 786 as soon as she gets back\", says a source close to Asin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16498805", "title": "Will procurement of new Kadamba transport corporation buses help improve transport services in the state?", "text": "No, just purchasing new buses will not improve transport services as Kadamba transport corporation (KTC) authorities should also maintain and take good care of the buses. The buses should also be run efficiently. It is very unfortunate that a good number of buses are badly maintained. Plying badly maintained buses endangers the lives of passengers and other road users and adds to the congestion on roads. It is also necessary to employ good, disciplined and educated drivers and conductors who know to behave with passengers and are not rude. Besides this, the buses need to be inspected by good mechanics to make them roadworthy and RTOs must check the buses periodically.Fatima D'Sa Former transport minister, PorvorimThe procurement of new buses by the KTC will help improve transport services only if buses are taken good care of and run efficiently. It is necessary for the buses to leave on time and arrive at their destinations on time so that students and daily commuters can travel comfortably and quickly without wasting time. The situation right now is not very satisfactory and needs improvement. In spite of having good roads, the transport network is not up to the mark, especially in rural areas.Yugank Naik Student, Savoi VeremI personally travel by Kadamba buses and I feel that they must run more services in remote areas to provide good and efficient services across the state. However, I feel that more than new buses, what we need is a more efficient organization and maintenance of the buses by the government.Tanvi Naik Student, MargaoThe procurement of new buses and their addition into the KTC bus fleet will definitely improve the transport services. Some of the buses of the KTC fleet are very old and hence frequently breakdown, causing inconvenience to the passengers. The replacement of these buses by new buses will not only help KTC financially in the long run by giving better fuel efficiency, but will also ensure better passenger safety and convenience.Elton Rodrigues Student, Margao", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16499450", "title": "Casting vote made easier for disabled electors", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Election Commission of India (ECI) will allow people with disabilities to enter polling stations on their wheelchairs. Instructions in this regard have been sent to chief electoral officers (CEOs) of poll-bound states of Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh by the ECI.The ECI has also instructed that there should be a separate queue outside polling booths for disabled people and senior citizens . There are 47.5 lakh voters above the age of 60 in the state.Officials involved in the conduct of polls have been asked to ensure that polling booths are easily accessible for disabled persons and, if required, wooden ramps be put up to facilitate their access. Disabled people can also take help from assistants for exercising their right to vote. Officials at the district level will be directed to be sensitive towards the requirements of disabled voters.Meanwhile, the ECI held a day-long training session in Delhi for representatives of various political parties in the state on the issue of expenditure monitoring. Sources said that leaders from the six registered recognized parties in Gujarat attended the session. The parties represented were Congress, BJP , NCP, CPI, CPM, and BSP.The ECI has also written to chief secretary A K Joti to ensure that the process of transfer of officials who have been serving at one place for three years is completed immediately. Sources said that the exercise has been carried out in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497540", "title": "Manoj Jayaswal continues to evade CBI's pointed questions", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Friday questioned Manoj Jayaswal again in the ongoing probe into alleged irregularities in the coal blocks allocations. Agency sources said Manoj has been evasive about how his companies got the coal blocks by allegedly furnishing false information. However, he is unlikely to be arrested now since CBI would like to first interrogate all the accused.Manoj is being grilled for the past few days as he is suspected to have used his various contacts to help the group companies' bag the coal blocks. Other Jayaswal family members have also been questioned earlier this week, and sources said they tried to justify the misrepresentations.CBI is likely to call Ramesh Jayaswal, Vijay and Devendra Darda and other Jayaswal family members to probe into the affairs of AMR, JAS Infrastructure and JLD Yavatmal next week. Devendra Darda, son of Congress MP Vijay Darda, is believed to be a key link in the probe as he had attended screening committee meetings and also gave representations.The agency is also interrogating him on the allegation that representatives of AMR Iron and Steel Pvt Ltd \u2014 run by the Jayaswals \u2014 had met then minister of state for coal Santosh Bagrodia in his chamber in September, 2008, claiming that they were not a part of the Jayaswal Group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16498943", "title": "Three-day India travel mart begins at Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: A three-day travel and tourism event, the India travel mart (ITM), was inaugurated in Panaji on Friday by chairman of the Goa tourism development corporation (GTDC) Nilesh Cabral, along with GTDC managing director Nikhil Desai. Tourism corporations of various states, including those of Rajasthan, Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh , Karnataka and Pondicherry, as well as other tourism service providers, are participating in the exhibition, which is presently on at the Don Bosco school hall in Panaji.Speaking to the media, Cabral said that the ITM will provide opportunities for travelers to learn about various tourist destinations and the various packages on offer. He also said that Goa will also be starting its tourism road shows all over India soon, and that the such show will be in Himachal Pradesh. He also spoke about various initiatives that the GTDC will launch to attract more tourists to Goa, including sea plane rides, zorbing and others.The ITM is aimed at providing tourists with detailed information on a wide variety of attractive packages and unique tourist destinations for the winter season, Dusshera, Diwali, Christmas, New Year, business trips, and vacations, both for honeymooners and families.With the upcoming festive season in mind, most participants have on offer specially prepared packages and the best deals which are unavailable otherwise, ITM officials said. Tourists and business travelers can expect to get good bargains in travel packages and hotel rates. ITM also provides an opportunity for exhibitors to interact, do business and network with travel agents and tour operators from Goa and the neighboring areas.The main highlights of ITM would be pilgrimage tourism, adventure tourism, eco tourism, health tourism and wildlife tourism. Entry is free and open to all during the three days. The timings of the mart are 11am to 7pm. Visitors are entitled to a lucky draw, with prizes comprising exciting holiday packages, hotel stays and other travel products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16502201", "title": "Central funds for survey work in state", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh has assured the Odisha government to extend financial support to take up survey and settlement work of land records in a modernized process.Revenue and disaster management minister SN Patro on Friday said Ramesh gave this assurance at the revenue ministers' conference held in New Delhi on Thursday.Patro said he appraised the Centre that the state government had already introduced e-registration practice for sale and purchase of land. Besides for supply of land between four to 10 decimal under Basundhara scheme, the government was also adopting e-registration process in the state. However, Patro said the government was in need of the Centre's support to follow modern process like satellite method of land survey, digitization and computerization of land records and settlement.The Union minister also assured the government to provide funds for increase in total number of tehsils from 171 to 317 and connecting them with district head quarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16501238", "title": "Illegal buildings will be his biggest test", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ascent to the post of mayor of state's biggest municipal corporation is undoubtedly a dream for all councillors, but it also brings along lots of challenges and responsibilities, which will need strong resolve.The new city mayor, Harcharan Singh Gohalwaria, has his task cut out for him in completing pending projects, improving civic amenities, infrastructure and cracking down on encroachers. Some developmental projects hanging fire for around 12 years have become an eye sore for the residents, who have almost given up hope of their completion. The Lakkar Bridge near old courts, indoor stadium on Pakhowal road, railway overbridge near Lodhi club and covering of Ganda Nullah at the rear of Gurdwara Dukhnivaran are some of these.If residents agree on one thing it is the rundown roads in the entire city. The stretches are relaid, but a combination of bad workmanship and the nexus of contractors and civic authorities in ignoring the quality of the material, ensures that they wear off very soon. Maintenance of roads will be a big test for Gohalwaria. However, the most tough job for him would be that of acting against illegal constructions in the city, that have come up in violation of building bylaws and are reducing parking places.Laying of stormwater sewerage in city where roads go under water even after light showers will be another major challenge for the civic authority and the mayor. Gohalwaria will also have to ensure that important projects like city bus service and Ludhiana Metro, which represent a major shift in the citya??s transport system, move at a quick pace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16499445", "title": "Patna University hostels in deplorable condition", "text": "PATNA: Residing in a hostel of Patna University (PU) was once considered to be a matter of pride, but today it has become a curse. Students are leading a miserable life in these hostels which lack even the basic amenities.Take a round of PU hostels and you will find broken railings on terraces, leaking roofs, damaged water tanks, contaminated water flowing from taps, stinking toilets and bathrooms, damaged electrical wiring, and lack of messes. Strangely enough, students pay fees under different heads meant to take care of some of these issues. The condition of hostels located right from B N College to Rani Ghat and Saidpur mocks at the tall claims of progress made in the field of higher education over the years.The last time when some of these hostels were repaired was in 2006-07 during the vice-chancellorship of Y C Simhadri. Saidpur and B N College hostels were repaired at an estimated cost of Rs 35 lakh and Rs 16 lakh, respectively. Magadh Mahila College hostels were also repaired during this period, said PU students welfare dean Ejaz Ali Arshad. The much-needed repair work of all these hostels could not be undertaken during the last summer vacation as most inmates reportedly did not vacate their rooms after examinations, much against the university instructions.Arshad said only the inmates of GDS Girls' Hostel, Ganga Girls' Hostel and Nadvi Hostel vacated their rooms. The boarders of all other hostels, including PG Hostel No. 1, 3, 5, 6 and 8 at Saidpur complex, continued to occupy their rooms. However, in spite of seats being vacated, GDS' Girls' hostel could not manage repair work. Consequently, seats in this hostel have no longer been allotted. He further said there was no dearth of funds for undertaking the much-needed repair of hostels, but the alleged red-tapism has been creating bottlenecks.Besides, some PU hostels have become a virtual den of antisocial elements who often indulge in violent clashes, thus vitiating the academic atmosphere. Raids have been conducted in these hostels but there has been little improvement in the situation. Wardens and superintendents of hostels are serving as 'silent onlookers'.Sometime back, a three-member committee consisting of PU proctor Kriteshwar Prasad, Patna College principal Lal Keshwar Prasad Singh and B N College principal P K Poddar was constituted to expedite hostel eviction with the help of district administration. However, there has been very little improvement in the situation, feel students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16500686", "title": "Meet planned at Pithampur for building permission", "text": "INDORE: The AKVN MD, Manish Singh, interacted with the representatives of industries in Pithampur on Thursday to understand the problems being faced by them. Some of the issues were sorted out at the spot itself. The AKVN has decided to hold a meeting with the industries, for giving the building permission at Pithampur itself, rather than the existing procedure of holding it at Indore now on.Talking to TOI, Singh said, \"The authorities from industries told me the problems being faced by them during the meeting. They pointed out problems like Rau-Pithampur Road which has already been taken up by us. Some of the other problems being faced by them include drainage, Mahu-Ghatabillood Road and water distribution network in the area. I have assured them that we will start work shortly and within six months from now, results will start coming up.\"The Dhar collector, CB Singh who was also present on the occasion, said that he will see that the law and order situation was improved in the industrial area soon. Also, he promised to look into the encroachment problem.The only problem being that the entire road construction and drainage work will need Rs 416 crore, whereas the state government has sanctioned only Rs 93 crore for the work. Hence the MD assured us that the work would be done on priority basis, said Gautam Kothari, president, Pithampur Industries Association. Secondly, our concern being that it will take two years for the completion of the project for which we have requested MD to expedite it to avoid any further suffering. On it the MD has said that he will look into it, added he.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16502584", "title": "Flood situation worsens in Assam, over 4 lakh hit", "text": "GUWAHATI: The flood situation in the state worsened further on Friday as one more person died, taking the death toll in the second wave of floods to three in two days. In the past 24 hours, the number of flood-affected districts has increased from 7 to 13. Altogether 4,15,051 people have been hit so far.According to the state disaster management authority, one person drowned in Dibrugarh on Friday and two college students died in Tinsukia district on Thursday.In the last 24 hours, there was fresh flooding in the worst-hit Dhemaji district besides other areas in Tinsukia, Kamrup, Lakhimpur, Baksa, Barpeta, Dibrugarh, Golaghat, Jorhat, Nalbari, Sivasagar, Udalguri and Sonitpur. Floodwaters of the Brahmaputra also entered Kaziranga National Park for the second time while Majuli is under threat.State water resource minister Rajib Lochan Pegu said, \"The forecast says the situation will remain grim for the next two to three days. We are on maximum alert in Majuli and are keeping a vigil to check any kind of mass destruction by the floods.\"According to state disaster management authority, the Brahmaputra is flowing above the danger level mark at Dibrugarh and Nematighat, while the Dhansiri is in spate at Numaligarh, Jia Bharali at Sonitpur, Manas and the Beki in Barpeta.In Lakhimpur district alone, 1,14,598 people have been affected. Altogether 36 relief camps have been set up where 40,611 people have taken shelter. In Sivasagar district, floodwaters have breached a dyke at Dolopa. In Majuli, the Sonowal-Kachari dyke has been breached. An embankment on the Nona river at Rangia and the Chawlkhowa dyke near Bogibil in Dibrugarh have also been breached.The state disaster response force has been pressed into service in Dibrugarh. In Dhemaji district, 10 machine boats and 32 country boats have been engaged to rescue marooned people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16498919", "title": "Manufacturer, retailer fined for selling substandard milk", "text": "PUNE: A Rs 1 lakh fine was imposed by the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) on a manufacturer and a retailer for selling substandard milk.FDA officials conducted a routine inspection a few months ago and took a sample of frozen milk from a confectionery shop. The laboratory report revealed that the milk was adulterated with milk powder, artificial starch and sugar to enhance its richness and quality.\"The lab report revealed that the frozen milk was substandard. Hence I, in my capacity of an adjudicating official, imposed a collective fine of Rs one lakh on the manufacturer and the retailer under section 50 and 51 of Food Safety and StandardAct,\" said Shashikant Kekare, joint commissioner (food), FDA, Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16501906", "title": "Touch-enabled ultrabooks to launch by 2013: Intel", "text": "NEW DELHI: The world's largest semiconductor firm Intel will attempt to revolutionize computing in the next couple of years with increased impetus on \"user experience.\"Sanjay Vora, General Manager, Strategic Planning, PC Client Group, Intel Corp said \"voice, touch and gesture are going to change the way users will interact with the PC.\"Speaking on 'The future of computing', at 'Conversations' - the first ever Annual One Intel Summit in New Delhi on Friday, Vora said \"It is not about devices anymore but about the user experience.\"\"In the past the focus was on the silicon...making it faster...with new capabilities,\" Vora noted while adding that Intel was shifting its focus from creating \"amazing silicon\" to providing a compelling \"user experience\".He said \"usage models were changing,\" while noting that \"80% of consumers would prefer touch on the device if given a choice.\"Vora said that this had prompted Intel to focus on 13\" panels, invest in jump start factories and enable 3.5 times forecasting demand.He said the market was soon \"going to increasingly see touch-enabled ultrabooks,\" and revealed that over 140 designs in ultrabooks would be hitting the market next year. He told TOI that Intel was attempting to address the high pricepoint issue that is impeding ultrabook sales, from the supply chain side.Vora also said that with convergence being witnessed between smartphones, tablets and ultrabooks and notebooks, there would be greater focus on merged devices.He announced that this has led to the development of the 'ultrabook convertible' -- that will soon be released in three forms- tablet, flip and detachable -- and adaptive All-In-One PCs which will turn from single user PCs to family devices.Speaking about the upcoming Windows 8 operating system, Vora said Intel was \"working with Microsoft to create an amazing touch experience.\"He also revealed Intel was collaborating with Nuance on bringing voice capabilities such as voice commands and \"voice searches on the web\" to the PC.Touching upon \"perceptual computing\" Vora revealed that \"wireless charging\" was another aspect Intel was focusing on. \"We truly want to get to a point where there are no wires of any kind,\" he said.With wireless charging, users would be able to charge device such as mobile phones by placing them next to an ultrabook or an All-In-One PC, he noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "16502032", "title": "14 from Jharkhand arrested in state", "text": "KEONJHAR: Fourteen tribals from Jharkhand were arrested and sent to court on Friday evening for allegedly encroaching upon reserve forest land in Telkoi police station area in Keonjhar district.Forest protection force officials, Keonjhar police and CRPF men on Friday morning jointly raided the Talapada reserve forest, about 100 km from here. S Samantara, assistant conservator of forests, said, \"They were arrested in a joint raid. The place was raided after we received a complaint from villagers of Talapada that some outsiders had encroached upon the reserve forest and were destroying the green cover. They were forwarded to court on Friday.\"According to forest department sources, all the 14 persons were from Jharkhand and they often came to this area to settle in the forests. They destroyed huge forest area to claim ownership of the land under the Forest Rights Act. Sources said there were over 100 such settlers in Keonjhar who have encroached upon forest land and are now seeking ownership of land under the Act by bribing officials of revenue and forest departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "hajipur/chhapra", "code": "16499448", "title": "Centre can't ignore our claim: CM", "text": "HAJIPUR/CHHAPRA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Friday said no political party can form government at the centre by ignoring the justified claims of Bihar after 2014 parliamentary polls. Addressing a mammoth gathering at Akshaywat Rai Stadium, Hajipur, under aegis of the district-level Adhikar Sammelan, Nitish said the UPA government was reluctant to grant special category state status to Bihar. He said JD(U) would organise 'Adhikar' rally at Patna Gandhi Maidan on November 4 to apprise the Centre of the sentiments of Biharis.Nitish said Bihar fulfils all the criteria laid by National Development Council (NDC) for grant of special category status to states. \"Still the Centre is ignoring Bihar's claims,\" he said adding if needed, the people of Bihar would stage demonstration at Ramlila Maidan, New Delhi.Nitish said that if Bihar gets special category state status, investment would increase as entrepreneurs would get rebate and youths would get employment. He said the state government has to share 35% to 50% in centrally-sponsored schemes and if the state gets that status, the state government would have to share only 10%.Without dropping names, Nitish said gone are the days when people were suppressed by 'lathi' rally. He said he has opposed FDI as it would deprive small traders of their income. Nitish said if FDI is allowed in India, it should be used in constructing roads, electricity and railways so that the money remains within the country. Without dropping names, he said some people used to talk about welfare of the poor in the past but were now supporting FDI.Some school students created a scene demanding land for Kendriya Vidyalaya at Hajipur. Nitish said he had seen their banner and they should submit a memorandum if they have any.Extending his invitation to the people of Saran to join 'Adhikar' rally, Kumar told a gathering at Rajendra Stadium, Chhapra, \"The rally has been organized to safeguard the interest of 10.5 crore people who are suffering due to recurrent floods.\" Reiterating his demand for special category status, he said, \"If the state gets it, we will be able to provide Bihari food on every Indian plate. We have prepared the agriculture roadmap which would be launched by the President in October. \"Commenting on release of MPLAD fund for purchase of buses to some colleges and schools under Chhapra LS constituency by local MP Lalu Prasad , the CM said, \"Cycles have increased the number of school-going girls from 1.7 lakh to 6.5 lakh.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16501251", "title": "Accused of 7 murders confess to another", "text": "LUDHIANA: Two serial killers of the three arrested by the police for having allegedly executed seven murders, on Monday, confessed to their involvement in another murder of a 23-year-old woman, Kiran Devi of Sunder Nagar. While one of the accused Mohammad Nasir had escaped from the police station on Thursday, his accomplices Mohammad Azhar and Mohammad Sadiq accepted to have murdered Kiran Devi, wife of tea stall owner Suraj.She was found murdered in her bed room with her hands tied with a trouser in the absence of her husband. Ludhiana commissioner of police Ishwar Singh said they are verifying the confession of the two accused. The hunt for Nasir, who is the kingpin of the group, is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16498776", "title": "Toddler dies in freak accident", "text": "KOLKATA: A 19-month-old kid died after a sack full of scrap bottles fell on him at his neighbour's house in Entally on Friday. The child was rushed to NRS Medical College in an unconscious state, but the doctors declared him dead on arrival.The victim was later identified as Mohammad Rizwan. According to his mother Nasima, Rizwan went to their neighbour's - a scrap dealer - house on his own around 10am. When Nasima found the kid missing after some time, she started searching for him. Finally, he was found lying unconscious under a sack of scrap bottles. The boy was immediately taken to NRS, where he was declared dead. But surprisingly, despite an unnatural death, the hospital did not inform the police outpost and allowed Rizwan's kin to take back the body without a postmortem.But police received the information and reached there, moments before his last rites and took away the body for autopsy. After initial probe, cops suspect he was playing at a place where the sacks were stacked and some how one of the sacks fell on him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497735", "title": "Teacher not involved in anti-national acts: Kin", "text": "MUMBAI: The family of Malad schoolteacher Sharif Siddiqui, who was arrested in Pune for uploading a doctored video on a website, has admitted that he made a mistake.However, they maintain that he is not involved in \"anti-national activities\". Sharif (38), lives with his aged mother, wife and three daughters at a chawl in Kokanipada, Malad (E). Sharif, a science graduate, teaches mathematics at a school in Kurar village and offers private coaching. According to the Pune police, Sharif uploaded a doctored video clip called 'Burma Riots Thrilling Pictures 2012' on a website last month, after which natives from the Northeast were targeted. \"We had no idea about any such clip being uploaded by Sharif till the Pune police landed at our door on Tuesday. In their statements to the media, the police claimed that Sharif had been hiding in Pune. However, he was busy teaching at his brother's workshop all the time,\" said his wife, Afroz.Sharif lost his father a few months ago. His older brother, Shabbir, and sister-in-law, Arifa, reside nearby and have been running around for court hearings. \"The doctored clip was passed on to my son by one of his friends,\" Arifa said. \"My son was using Afroz's cellphone at that time. Sharif must have transferred the clip on to his own phone and uploaded it online from his computer at the workshop,\" she added.The police seized Sharif's passport, pan card, computer and hard disks. \"The police even quizzed my teenaged son for several hours,\" Arifa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500245", "title": "US visa appointments rescheduled after stir", "text": "CHENNAI: All visa appointments at the US consulate , closed for more than a week due to protests against the movie \" Innocence of Muslims\" ,havebeen rescheduled . Anand Krishnan , information officer at the consulate , told TOI on Friday that applicants had been informed of the new dates and urgent visas had been granted . He said applicants could also apply to the 11 new visa centresin thecountry.Hesaid it would be sometime before normalcy was restored at the consulate . Applicants have been asked to check the consulate website for the latest updates . The diplomatic mission also issued a message for Amrican citizens , saying that other US consulates in the country and the US Embassy in New Delhi would remain open for consular services and asked them to monitor the website for information . The message said \"the US consulate encourages US citizens travelling in and around Chennai to exercise caution and monitor local media for security updates .\" \"If you have a legitimate travel emergency , please contact us at chennaiexp@state.gov, and we will do our best to assist you ,\" the message added . Anand said that operations at the US consulate in Chennai were suspended from September 17 to 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16497824", "title": "Lawyers turn actors", "text": "BANGALORE: Away from long hours of lectures and hectic classroom schedules, students of several universities in the country had a rollicking time as their classmates performed on the National Gallery of Modern Art campus in Bangalore.Some of the best legal brains along with future doctors, engineers and businessmen showcased their talent at the seventh edition of 'Admit One', the annual theatre festival that began on Friday. \"It's a platform for students to display their skills in acting, direction, or production. Spread over three days, the top three teams will walk away with prizes,\" said Aishwarya Kulkarni, second-year student from NLSIUThe day one of the fest began with Gautam Raja's 'Pub Crawl', performed by the Chennai-based theatre troupe Crea-Shakthi and followed by an act from Shri Venkateswara College in Delhi. 'The Lazy People' enacted by University Law College from Bangalore left many ribs tickling during the performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497862", "title": "Opposition unimpressed by Manmohan Singh's speech", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's speech on the need to take harsh economic measures failed to impress the opposition which dubbed it an attempt to defend the indefensible.While opposition BJP, Left, JD(U) and Trinamool Congress expectedly hit out at the PM, the Centre did not find much succour from Samajwadi Party which announced on Friday to continue support to the government.BJP leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said, \"In his speech, the PM tried to mislead the country. He appeared advocating the interests of foreign countries and not the Indians he leads.\"The comment tied in with the opposition's campaign that FDI in retail was aimed at benefitting a few companies.JD(U) leader Shivanand Tiwari said PM Singh tried to \"spread confusion\" on the issue of economic reforms. \"Everybody knows a major share of petrol and diesel is imported. But what steps has the government taken to bring down the consumption. He is accusing the opposition of creating confusion on the issue but, in fact, Singh himself is doing so,\" Tiwari said.CPM chief Prakash Karat was unsparing. \"The PM has sought to defend the indefensible steps taken by the government. He has not answered how he could proceed with these measures when it does not have the support of the overwhelming majority in Parliament,\" he said.The strong comments marked a repeat of the nationwide protests against FDI in retail and fuel hike which brought UPA allies and opposition on the same platform.Even Samajwadi Party gave a terse reaction. Party general secretary Rajesh Dixit said the PM had failed to explain how he would ensure the safety of 25 crore people involved in small trade in the face of the challenge from multinational supermarkets. \"A better way on fuel price hike could have been separating diesel for SUVs from the diesel used for agriculture,\" he said.JD(U) echoed similar sentiments on FDI, with Shivanand Tiwari asking what had multinationals already working in the country done to improve the infrastructure to believe that those coming in retail would work on the back-end farm chain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497066", "title": "Chaos after Delhi Jal Board bills for paid amount", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dr J Sen of Chittaranjan Park had already spent almost four hours at the Greater Kailash-I Delhi Jal Board (DJB) office but managed to get just one official to make a manual correction on her bill. She still had to get the correct amount entered into DJB's records and then, if she had any time and energy left, queue up once again to actually pay her bill.Hundreds of consumers like Dr Sen have been visiting DJB offices in the past few days and struggling to have their bills corrected though these have been issued under a new upgraded online system.\"The billing date for the new bill issued to me this time is June 16, 2012, and the last date of payment is September 27. The bill, however, was delivered to me only on September 20. DJB has shown amounts from previous bills as arrears though I have paid up. These arrears showed up in earlier bills too which I had got them to rectify,\" said Mahesh Arora from Alaknanda. Arora had been waiting for four hours and was not even close to correcting DJB's records.DJB's GK-I office on Friday morning was a picture of utter chaos with long winding queues of people waiting to settle their bills. The system devised for this, said consumers, was not only absurd but also a sheer waste of time and a method to harass people. Queue 1, which took people up to three hours to clear, was only for a DJB official to check previous bills, identify errors and enter the correct amount on the latest bill. Then it was time to queue up at the second counter where a lone official diligently entered the new amount into a register.After a six-to-seven-hour wait and standing in the heat without water, one could finally join another queue \u2014 one for cash payment and the other for cheques.\"These 'arrears' have already been rectified in earlier bills since they were simply errors. Though the amounts had been paid, these were simply added to the bills. I got that rectified but the next bill once again had arrears. The new bill has again shown arrears when there are none.\"I reached this office at 10.30 am, and now at 1.15 pm, I am still waiting to get my new billing amounts verified. The first bill of Rs 13,689 was brought down to Rs 7,401, the second one of Rs 3,049 to Rs 482 and the third of Rs 10,202 to Rs 4,447,\" said N P Marwah, a resident of GK-II.Billing had been stopped by Delhi Jal Board in May after it received numerous complaints about incorrect billing. It simultaneously launched several camps across the city where consumers could go and have their complaints looked into.Meanwhile, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) worked at launching DJB's new billing system under which all its data was to go online on a central server. The project was to have been rolled out by the beginning of April but work got delayed.Under the new system, all data collection has been centralized with each zonal office connected directly to the main DJB server.\"Earlier the biggest problem was that meter readings would be collected and stored in the zonal offices. The bills were generated at the central office, and often though the bills would be paid, that information would not reach the central office on time and consumers would get bills showing arrears. The old data has been transferred to the new system and it will take a couple of billing cycles to have everything accounted for,\" said an official.Times View : Bill chaos at Delhi Jal BoardIf the arrears are repeatedly showing up on Delhi Jal Board bills, it can surely not expect people to repeatedly visit its offices and submit themselves to torture for hours. Public utilities have to be accountable but it seems that DJB is wary of accepting responsibility. When special camps were held to sort out the mess earlier, why is it still persisting? And shouldn't DJB be more sensitive rather than expect people to spend hours at its offices. It should, in fact, collect the bills with an application, rectify them and issue new bills to people. All penalties or late payment charges should be waived. It should figure out how this information can be processed centrally so that the issue is settled once and for all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16502959", "title": "Students dismayed over roll number goof-up in JPSC mains", "text": "RANCHI: Two days after the results of the mains of the fourth civil services examination conducted by the Jharkhand Public Service Commission (JPSC) were out, irregularities were found in it.In the result that was declared on Tuesday, 657 candidates were selected for the interview.According to applicants, the same roll number has been put in the merit list of general, OBC and BC II categories as well. \"We have noticed that several roll numbers were put up in the merit list of many categories and as a result many deserving candidates did not make it to the merit list,\" said an applicant.Some of the roll numbers which appeared in general as well as reserved categories are 7101976, 7100942, 7100040 and 7100533.The JPSC examinations have always been mired in controversies. First, the forms of the preliminary test (PT) had to be changed after a protest by applicants for writing \"are you a citizen of the state\" instead of \"are you a citizen of the country\". Next controversy arose with the distribution of admit cards in which the applicant's name differed from his/her photograph. Almost 90% of the questions in PT were copied from that of the UPSC. Controversies also rose during the declaration of PT results and it had to be rectified thrice.JPSC secretary Rati Kant Jha said, \"We got to know about the irregularities and we will correct it soon. Those students whose roll numbers have been published both in general as well as reserved categories will be moved to general and their places would be given to the candidates of the particular reserved category.\"The JPSC's decision has created a resentment among the applicants of general category. Amit Tiwari, a candidate of general category, said, \"The people from reserved categories should not be put in general category because if this happens, the deserving students of general categories will not get a chance.\"As a result of these controversies, members of student unions are demanding cancellation of the results. Chairperson of Jharkhand Chhatra Sangh S Ali said, \"The JPSC has always been in controversies and many examinations conducted by the institution are facing CBI or vigilance probe. In this situation, it will be better if the results are cancelled after rechecking of copies.\"This is not the first time that the examination and results of the JPSC has been mired in controversy. A couple months back, the high court had ordered a CBI probe into the alleged irregularities in the examinations conducted by the commission since inception of Jharkhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16498867", "title": "Munde's presence at Fest upsets city BJPBJP workers upset over Munde attending Pune Festival", "text": "PUNE: The presence of BJP's national vice-president Gopinath Munde at Friday's inauguration of the Pune Festival, a cultural extravaganza presided over by city MP Suresh Kalmadi , has raised quite a few eyebrows in the city's political circles.Local BJP workers have expressed strong displeasure over Munde's move to accept the invitation from Kalmadi, against whom partymen had staged an agitation for his alleged involvement in the Commonwealth Games contract irregularities.Barring a handful of Munde supporters - MLA Madhuri Misal, Yogesh Gogawale, Sandeep Khardekar, Gopal Chintal and suspended local leader Ujjwal Keskar - none of the party functionaries turned up at the Ganesh Kala Krida Manch, the venue of the festival, to meet Munde.Asked why the BJP workers had boycotted the function despite Munde's presence, city BJP chief Vikas Mathkari said, \"Kalmadi had invited me for the event but I could not attend as I was busy. The Pune Festival not being a BJP event, others in the party might not have turned up.\"Though Mathkari did not elaborate further, party sources told TOI that BJP members were quite agitated over Munde's presence at the event and are planning to raise the issue with party seniors.No senior NCP functionary was present for the event, except Krushnakant Kudale, NCP's state general secretary and also the chief organiser of the Pune Festival.Asked about the absence of NCP leaders at the event, Kalmadi said, \"NCP chief Sharad Pawar has organised a meeting with party leaders in Mumbai because of which leaders from that party could not attend the function though they were invited. It will be wrong to make a political issue out of this. The Pune Festival is a cultural event.\"Munde did not meet media persons. In his speech, he said in a lighter vein, \"Kalmadi must have invited me to inaugurate the festival as he anticipates that I will be a minister by the time the next festival is held.\"Earlier, the 24th edition of the festival got off to a colourful start with noted actress Hema Malini performing the Bharatnatyam, followed by a dance performance by Marathi actors Subhodh Bhave, Jitendra Joshi and Aditi Sarangdhar and a cultural show by northeast students. During the function, Olympic medalists - wrestler Sushil Kumar and shooters Vijay Kumar and Gagan Narang - were felicitated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16498862", "title": "PCMC plans to prepare sports policy", "text": "PUNE: Following criticism by several corporators about the functioning of the sports department of the Pimpri Chincwhad Municipal Corporation (PCMC), the civic administration has decided to prepare a policy and appoint a new officer for the department.The issue about the sports department came up when the proposal for rental rates for the Sant Dnyaneshwar Sports Complex at Bhosari was being discussed.Shrirang Barne of the Shiv Sena alleged that the contractor was paid Rs 2.5 crore when the actual contract for development of facilities at the Sant Dnyaneshwarsports complex at Bhosariwas Rs 50 lakh. Corporator Ulhas Shetty pointed out that toilets at the facility stink, and that there are no athletics equipments. Corporator Sanjay Wabale said no sports competitions have been held in the past three years after the completion of construction. of the complex. Corporators Mangala Kadam and Ajit Gavhane too criticised the functioning of the sports department.Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi, while replying to the debate, said he too did not find any significant work done by the sports department during his review meetings held in the past four months.He announced that a committee will inquire into the functioning of the sportsdepartment. Members of the committee include additional commissioner Prakash Kadam, chief accounts officer Bhagwan Ghadge, and executive engineer Makrand Nikam. The committee will submit its report in two months. Another committee will prepare a policy for the sports department, Pardeshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16502049", "title": "Classes begin at AIIMS in capital", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Classes for the first batch of MBBS in the Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) here began on Friday, although it may be some more time before the hospital becomes fully functional.Construction work in the academic and hospital wing is on in full swing. Director of the new AIIMS in Bhubaneswar, professor A K Mahapatra, said 48 seats for the MBBS course have been filled and all the students have joined classes. Twenty faculty members have joined, he said. \"We have sufficient faculty to start the first year classes. Initially, subjects like anatomy, biochemistry, physiology, community medicine and family medicine will be taught to the students,\" Mahapatra said.The students are to undergo a five-day orientation programme. \"We are not going to impose serious courses on medicine on students from the beginning but we would like to orient them on various other subjects like law, philosophy, humanity, art and culture during the orientation programme. We have invited experts and speakers from different walks of life,\" Mahapatra informed.According to the director, construction of the academic complex will be completed in an expeditious manner once the stay order from Orissa high court is vacated. \"Notwithstanding teething problems, AIIMS Bhubaneswar will be developed as a leading institutes of healthcare,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16502440", "title": "Endosulfan victims plan Rajdhani chalo on Nov 1", "text": "Mangalore: The 'Rajdhani Chalo Yatra' by the Endosulfan Virodhi Horatha Samiti will take place on Rajyotsava Day, following watered response from chief minister's office to their post card campaign. The victims, numbering about 250, will meet and submit a memorandum to CM Jagadish Shettar and urge him to take a notice of their plight and provide them relief. Samiti president Sridhar Gowda, who is visually impaired due to alleged endosulfan poisoning, told TOI, \"We had sent 38,000 post cards to the CM so that he could understand the gravity of the situation in the 92 villages that were sprayed endosulfan by Karnataka Cashew Development Corporation. Recently, we got a letter from the CM's office stating that we should contact the agriculture department, which is downright callous.\" Gowda said he will start a drive to collect funds to take the 250 children in 10 buses to Bangalore from October 5. Gowda fractured his leg after he met with an accident in August second week. The cast will be removed in a fortnight. \"I am planning to take 25 kids in one bus along with their caretakers, parents and doctors. We will need to raise at lease Rs 2 lakh for the trip.'' he said. Gowda said that after the plight of the villagers was published in newspapers and aired on regional television channels, many have offered help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497833", "title": "\u2018Depressed\u2019 doctor hangs self at home", "text": "MUMBAI: A 56-year-old doctor committed suicide in his third-floor flat in Borivli (W) on Thursday night. The deceased, Atul Gandhi, had been undergoing treatment for depression for the past three years. He was found hanging from a clothes line by his wife Darshani (53).Atul ran a nursing home in Chandra apartments in Borivli (W) and resided in Devidas Lane with his wife. The couple's son Abhishek is studying at a medical college in Loni while their daughter Ushma is doing her internship at Jehangir Hospital in Pune.On Thursday, Atul and his wife went to a relative's place for Ganpati festivities around 7pm. Sometime later, Atul told Darshani that he was needed at his nursing home and left. \"When Darshani returned home around 9.30pm, she found the door locked from inside. She rang the doorbell several times but there was no response. She also rang Atul on his cellphone but her calls went unanswered. Finally, she opened the door with her set of keys and found Atul hanging in the kitchen,\" said senior inspector Suresh Kilje, MHB Colony police station.Atul was rushed to Bhagwati Hospital in Borivli, where doctors declared him dead. The police were informed around midnight. No suicide note was found.\"Atul had mood swings. Sometimes he was very friendly and there were times when we would withdraw into a shell. Forensic experts have given the cause of death as asphyxia due to hanging. Atul's family members said they do not suspect foul play in the incident. He might have taken the drastic step as he was depressed. We have registered a case of accidental death,\" Kilje added.Abhishek and Ushma were informed of their father's death and arrived in Mumbai on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16499388", "title": "Govt transfers Sonbhadra DM", "text": "LUCKNOW: Suhas LY, district magistrate of Sonbhadra has been transferred and is awaiting posting. On August 31, he had directed the forest and administrative officers of Obra, Sonbhadra and Kaimur wildlife sanctuary to investigate into the illegal mining in Billi Markundi of Sonbhadra. He had also ordered for lodging an FIR against those found guilty of illegal mining near the reserve forest area in Sonbhadra. The mining in the area was on without environmental clearance from the forest department. An FIR was also lodged against five unnamed persons. No official reason was cited for the removal of the district magistrate. Senior officials, however, termed the transfer as a routine.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16501221", "title": "Ludhiana gets a new Mayor", "text": "LUDHIANA: State's biggest municipal corporation elected its fifht mayor on Friday. Harcharan Singh Gohalwaria of SAD was elected as the fifth mayor of Ludhiana municipal corporation. Sunita Rani Aggarwal and R D Sharma of BJP were elected as the senior deputy mayor and the deputy mayor, respectively.Though Gohalwaria was the political advisor of SAD and his family had been winning civic body elections from the same ward (number 70) since 1991, he was nowhere in the race for the post which was dominated by outgoing mayor Hakam Singh Giaspura and SAD councillor Pal Singh Grewal.However, his name cropped up during a meeting of Janmeja Singh Sekhon ' observer for mayor elections -- with the party councillors on Thursday. On Friday morning, after his name was proposed by the outgoing deputy mayor, Sunita Rani Bansal, and seconded by SAD councillor Kamaljeet Singh Karwal, 53 councillors -- of the total 75 -- and three SAD MLAs voted for him and thus, he was elected as the new mayor.Later, Aggarwal and Sharma were declared the senior deputy mayor and the deputy mayor, respectively.They were elected unanimously as after the mayor election, Congress MLA Bharat Bhushan Ashu said they were not opposing the election of any ruling party candidate and that these elections be taken as the unanimous decision of the house.Following it, all the elected 75 councillors were sworn in. The councillor elections were held on June 10 and the result declared the same day. As the earlier house's term was to end on September 7, councillors' swearing-in was delayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16501753", "title": "National Commission for Women in dark about Pipili rape victim's death", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Three months have passed since the death of the Pipili 'gangrape' victim, but the National Commission for Women (NCW), which was probing the incident prior to her death, is yet to be officially informed about the girl's demise.NCW member Charu Walikhanna, who was here on Thursday to probe the assault on lady constable Pramila Padhi during September 6 Congress rally, told media persons that the state government has still not updated the commission about the 19-year-old girl's death.\"We were shocked after coming across the news in the media recently. The state government should have communicated it to us the same day,\" Walikhanna said before leaving for the girl's village in Pipili in the evening. \"I would discuss with her family,\" she said. After spending six months in a semi-coma in the ICU of SCB Medical College and Hospital, Cuttack, the girl died on June 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16498772", "title": "Maha Lok Adalat brings down pendency in district", "text": "Yavatmal: The concept of Maha Lok Adalat mooted by the ex High Justice Ranajana Desai of Bombay High Court, currently a Judge in the Supreme Court of India, aiming to minimize the burden on the judiciary owing to the unabated heaping up of litigations.The four Maha Lok Adalats held so far in the district have helped in saving valuable time and money of the litigants. Not only common people but also officials of various agencies including the state and central governments in the district have welcomed it.According to the principal district and sessions judge Savita T Barne, four Maha Lok Adalats were organized at both district and tehsil levels under the District Legal Service Cell (DLSC) between February 2011 and September 2012. Total 20671 pending litigations involving crores of rupees have been amicably settled.Total 5458 cases were settled during the Maha Lok Adalat held on September 16. Yavatmal (1331), Darwha (458), Digras (398), Pusad (524), Umarkhed (298), Mahagaon (177), Ner (254), Babhulgaon (162), Kalamb (221), Ghatanji (364), Kelaapur (298), Maregaon (115), Wani (322), Ralegaon (285), Arni (175) and Zarijamini (76) respectively.According to secretary and senior division civil judge, Sardar Tamboli, all the four Maha Lok Adalats received overwhelming response from the litigants in the district. \"Pending litigations pertaining to land acquisition, motor accident claims, municipality taxes, recovery cases of BSNL, cooperative and nationalized banks, revenue taxes, insurance claims and others were settled amicably and crores of rupees were either disbursed or recovered from the litigants,\" he said.\"On September 16, Rs one crore was released to owners after settlement of land acquisition cases while Rs49.5 lakh was released in motor accident claims,\" said Tamboli adding that the beneficiaries of Bembla River Irrigation project were given additional compensation, including land owners of Malapur and Pahur in Babhulgaon tehsil.Giving details of DLSC's efforts to create mass awareness about the Maha Lok Adalat, Tamboli said that the litigants were informed through SMSes and campaigns on TV channels and public address systems.According to the executive chairman of Maharashtra State Legal Service Authority, Justice DD Sinha, prior to the Maha Lok Adalat held on Sunday, as many as 2,64,434 cases were pending at various courts in the state. Total 5,79,743 litigations were settled in the previous three Maha Lok Adalats held in the state, which is a great achievement. The Inter State Council has taken note of this and a report was published under the head 'Judicial Reform for Pendency Reduction' in reference to good governance.Tamboli further said similar Maha Lok Adalat would be held in the future, besides one Lok Adalat in each month.Tamboli urged the litigants to register their names with the district cell for the Maha Lok Adalat and monthly Lok Adalat.BoxMaha Lok Adalat in districtDate Cases settledFebruary 6, 2011 6451September 18, 2011 3784March 4, 2012 4978September 16, 2012 5458Total 20671", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16496909", "title": "Delhi University to get teachers after 3 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a gap of nearly three years teachers' recruitment are set to start at Delhi University and its affiliated colleges. There are around 4,000 vacancies of permanent positions in the university and recruitment has been on hold since 2010.The university will start the process of centralized advertisements and setting up of the selection committees by October-end.Moreover, the UGC's review committee on teachers' promotion has also decided in favour of doing away with the point-based promotion scheme, under the performance-based appraisal system mooted by the commission.In the final meeting of the review committee on the teachers' promotion, where apart from UGC members, heads and vice chancellors of various universities were also present, its final recommendations were submitted.According to sources in the UGC, the commission is likely to approve the recommendations by mid-October.Among the main recommendations are to start recruitment of the vacant teaching positions as soon as possible and doing away with the Academic Performance Index (API) system for promotion of teachers. DU teachers have been demanding a roll back of the system and DU so far didn't notify these criteria for promotion.As per the API system teachers will get marks for various academic activities like publishing of book, papers, attending seminars and paper presentation and awards. The teachers need to score a minimum number of marks every year to be eligible for promotion.Welcoming the decision, former academic council member, Janmejoy Khuntia said: \"Academic quantification is very subjective and should be done away with. Self appraisal of teachers is far better way of handling which is currently in process. The selection process though should stringent and merit should be honoured.\"Meanwhile, DU's committee on recruitment recommended immediate start of the process. There are many colleges which are at present running with over 50% ad hoc teachers.Vice chancellor of DU, Dinesh Singh said: \"This is a decision the university has been waiting for and now we will fast track the appointment process. We will start the process within one month and hopefully it will ease the pressures on the colleges and departments to a large extent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16497361", "title": "Court orders proper treatment to HIV positive jail inmate", "text": "The Tihar authorities have been directed by a Delhi court to provide medical treatment to an HIV-positive inmate after his check-up at an appropriate hospital. The court passed the order on the plea by a 34-year-old man, arrested by the special cell of Delhi Police for his alleged role in a forgery case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16502642", "title": "Chargesheet filed in homestay attack case", "text": "Mangalore: The Mangalore police filed a chargesheet against the accused in the attack on Morning Mist Home Stay in Padil on July 28 at the JMFC court here on Thursday. Assistant commissioner of police TR Jagannath filed the charge sheet after a detailed investigation on the incident. The charge sheet was filed as per the high court's directions. So far, 24 persons have been arrested in connection with the case. This include the mastermind of the attack Subash Padil. All the arrested are in judicial custody. The accused are: Sharath, Tharanath Kannur, Rajesh, Chethan, Sunil, Harish, Shailesh, Puneeth, Varun Poojary, Kiran Poojary, Suresh Poojary, Mithun Poojary, Sampath, Deepak, Ramesh Kotiyan, Jagadish, Nithin, Dinesh, Sandeep Shetty, Venugopal, Tharanath, Sampath Poojary, Suresh Poojary and Deepak. The incident was reminiscent of the attack by Sri Rama Sene activists on revellers at a pub in the city on January 24, 2009. Around 50 persons took it on themselves to lay down the law to a group of revellers at Morning Mist Resort at Padil on the city outskirts here. The hoodlums who got wind of the party at the resort barged in and started physically jostling the revellers which included women and men. A girl who tried to escape from their clutches was brought back to the resort and thrashed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16496783", "title": "Owaisi brothers seek 13 acres from Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: It is not only the three-acre land housing Mahavir Hospital at AC Guards that is being sought by the Owaisi family for the expansion of its various activities. It turns out that the powerful family running the political party MIM has sought another 13 acres from the state government for its trusts and the Urdu newspaper run by them. Based on the individual applications made by the three Owaisi brothers, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy has directed the revenue department officials to examine and circulate the file for taking up necessary action.It may be recalled that Deccan College of Medical Sciences (DCMS) being run by Dar-us-Salam Educational Trust has sought the land of Mahavir Hospital at AC Guards. Hyderabad MIM MP Asaduddin Owaisi is the chairman of the trust. Apart from the three acres at AC Guards, the Owaisi family has sought five acres for the Dar-us-Salam Educational Trust (DET) for setting up a string of professional colleges in emerging fields, another five acres for Salar-E-Millat Educational Trust for expanding its schools and two to three acres for Etemaad Urdu daily.In his application to the chief minister, Asaduddin said that the Dar-us-Salam Educational Trust was established in 1974 by his father Sultan Salauddin Owaisi for the advancement of Muslims and other sections in the field of professional education. He said during the last 38 years, the DET had set up various educational institutions like Deccan College of Engineering and Technology (1984), Deccan College of Medical Sciences, Princess Esra Hospital, Owaisi Hospital and Research Centre, Colleges of Pharmacy, Hospital Management, Physiotherapy, Planning and Architecture (2011) and School of Nursing. As of now, all the medical and health sector colleges of the group are being run at Phisalbanda (Kanchanbagh) while the engineering, architecture, management, computer science and related courses are located at the Dar-us-Salam campus at Agapura. \"The society is planning to start new courses and set up a string of professional colleges in emerging fields. It is for this that the five acre land is being sought,\" a senior official of the Hyderabad district administration said.Another trust, Salar-E-Millat Educational Trust, founded by Akbaruddin Owaisi, has sought five acres of land for the trust. The trust was established in May 2006 and is running educational institutions, vocational training centres, orphanages and old age homes. The trust has already set up primary schools (Owaisi schools of excellence) at Nasheman Nagar, Al-Suroor Colongy, Hafeezbaba Nagar and Jamal Colony (Riyasatnagar) with a total strength fo 1,500. The trust also runs Osmania Model High School at Amberpet with a strength of 650 students. \"The land is required for establishing more schools in poor neighborhoods and also old age homes and orphanages at a common campus,\" Akbaruddin Owaisi said in his representation.Apart from these two trusts, Burhanuddin Owaisi, youngest of the Owaisi brothers, who is editor-in-chief of the Etemaad, has sought two to three acres of land for the Urdu daily. The daily started in December 2005 is presently functioning from the Dar-us-Salam building.\"The government had earlier allotted land at free-of-cost or at nominal cost to various newspapers at prime locations of the city and adjoining Ranga Reddy district,\" Burhanuddin said. They requested the land at any prime location in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16491322", "title": "Speaking high of friendship!", "text": "Director Acharya Ravi is all set to return to the big screen with Enna Thaan Pesuvadho. Starring Vijayram, Das and Roshan, among others, the film also marks the debut of Daksha.A source says, \"The film deals with an issue that's much prevalent is parts of the country even today. In several villages, especially in the north, little girls are bought in auction, and are forced to serve as prostitutes. The movie is about one such girl from Bihar , who escapes the goons and comes to Tamil Nadu. She befriends the lead heroes and how they save her from the clutches of the gang forms the rest of the story. There's no romantic angle in the film and the entire movie is about their friendship. Imman has composed scores for the film, and the highlight of the album will be a number recorded in the Bihari dialect.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16497135", "title": "When Jaya spoke Kannada", "text": "BANGALORE: After Karnataka and Tamil Nadu stated their positions on sharing of Cauvery water at the Cauvery River Authority meeting on Sept. 19, there was a 20-minute break before Prime Minister Manmohan Singh announced his decision.That's when water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai introduced himself as the son of former chief minister SR Bommai to which Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa said she had known his father well. In the course of the conversation, they switched from English to Kannada.She said she wasn't so fluent in Kannada now but would speak it regularly during her childhood. \"These days, it's when B Saroja Devi meets her in Chennai that she gets a chance to speak the language,\" sources at the meeting told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16497909", "title": "Chandrabhan keeps mayor waiting, Cong councilors fight at PCC", "text": "JAIPUR: Congress state president Chandrabhan kept Jaipur mayor Jyoti Khandelwal waiting outside his office when the latter went there on Friday to complain against the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) CEO Lok Nath Soni.Sources said the party president refused to meet the mayor because he was fed up with her constant complaints against the JMC officials. The Congress-government in the past had transferred five JMC CEOs on the basis of the mayor's complaints. Khandelwal went to the PCC headquarters on Friday to complain against the BJP councillors whom she blamed for not letting the JMC function smoothly.On the other hand, the Congress councillors who had gone to the Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) office with the mayor also got into a bitter fight amongst themselves. Onlookers had to intervene as two of the councilors came close to exchanging blows with each other. Leader of opposition Gulam Nabi and councillor CM Sharma freely used expletives against each other, while other Congress councillors looked on.Before the JMC general house 'drama' was replayed at the PCC, the party president avoided meeting the mayor. In fact, Khandelwal could meet Chandrabhan only when he came out of his office to go home for lunch. The party president briefly heard the mayor before boarding his car.The mayor and the Congress councillor, meanwhile, have planned to stage a dharna at Gandhi Circle on Saturday. The protest would be targeted at JMC CEO Soni and BJP councillors. \"The BJP being in majority in the JMC board, its councillors do not allow the committees to function. Public work is getting delayed, while the CEO is patronizing the BJP councillors,\" mayor told reporters.Congress councillor Sharma, on the other hand, accused party colleague and leader of opposition in JMC, Gulam Nabi, of being corrupt and demanded his removal from the post. \"Congress's policy of one man one post should be applied to Nabi, who is currently leader of opposition and chairman of some committees,\" Sharma said.Nabi, however, refused to resign saying he would follow the party's instructions. \"Some of our councillors are acting as BJP agents; the party needs to act against them,\" Nabi, said targeting Sharma.EomJaipur: Congress state president Chandrabhan kept Jaipur mayor Jyoti Khandelwal waiting outside his office when the latter went there on Friday to complain against the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) CEO Lok Nath Soni.Sources said the party president refused to meet the mayor because he was fed up with her constant complaints against the JMC officials. The Congress-government in the past transferred out five JMC CEOs on the basis of the mayor's complaints. Khandelwal went to the PCC headquarters on Friday also to complain against the BJP councillors whom she blamed for not letting the JMC function smoothly.On the other hand, the Congress councillors who had gone to the PCC with the mayor got into a bitter fight amongst themselves. Onlookers had to push apart two of the councillors who come close to exchanging blows with each other. Leader of opposition Gulam Nabi and councillor CM Sharma freely used expletives against each other, while other Congress councillors looked on.Before the JMC general house 'drama' was replayed at the PCC, the party president avoided meeting the mayor. In fact, Khandelwal could meet Chandrabhan only when he came out of his office to leave for lunch at home. The party president briefly heard the mayor before boarding his car.The mayor and the Congress councillor, meanwhile, have planned to stage a dharna at the Gandhi Circle on Saturday. The protest would be targeted at JMC CEO Soni and BJP councillors. \"The BJP being in majority at the JMC board, its councillors do not allow the committees to function. Public works are getting delayed, while the CEO is patronizing the BJP councillors,\" mayor told reporters.Congress councillor Sharma, on the other hand, accused party colleague and leader of opposition in JMC, Nabi, of being corrupt and demanded his removal from the post. \"Congress's policy of one man one post should be applied to Nabi, who is currently leader of opposition and chairman of some committees,\" Sharma said.Nabi, however, refused to resign saying he would follow party instructions. \"Some of our councillors are acting as BJP agents; the party needs to act against them,\" Nabi, targeting Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500123", "title": "Former editor of The Hindu, G Kasturi, dead", "text": "CHENNAI: G Kasturi ,former editor of The Hindu, died on Friday , hours after the 134 th anniversary of the newspaper . Kasturi , former managing director of Kasturi &amp; Sons Limited , died at 2am due to a congestive heart failure , a release from the publication said .Hewas 87 . He joined The Hindu in 1944 at the age of 20, and was trained in all aspects of production and publication . He came under the tutelage of his uncle , Kasturi Srinivasan . He took over as Editor in 1965 .He retiredin 1991 ,but maintained an active interest in the affairsof the newspaper . Described as a visionary , he is credited with introducing a full-pagefacsimiletransmission system for printing for the first time in the country in 1969 , and computer-aided photocomposing in 1980 . He brought in satellite transponders for facsimile transmission of pages when The Hindu launched its Delhi edition in 1986 . \"The Hindu was his life,\" said former editor-in-chief N Ram in a messageon Friday .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500276", "title": "Schools feel parents won\u2019t push for low fees", "text": "CHENNAI: With the issue of fee determination of CBSE schools remaining unresolved for three years, implementing the latest order of the Madras high court could prove a challenge.Since the Tamil Nadu Schools (Regulation of Collection of Fee) Act came into effect in 2009, private schools have locked horns with the state over the issue. Schools have been threatened with withdrawal of recognition if they do not comply, and groups of parents have been protesting against rising fees in many institutions . But parents insisting on paying fees as fixed by the government have had to settle for fewer facilities for their children. \"Frankly, I don't think many of us even remember what fees we are actually supposed to collect ,\" said the correspondent of a private matriculation school, summing up the confusion created by the state's attempt to regulate fees of both aided and unaided institutions. The HC direction will raise questions on how reputed schools would be expected to cope with growing expenditure on amenities and staff if they are not allowed to raise fees. Tamil Nadu Students Parents Welfare Association president S Arumainathan said, \"Around 90% of schools in the state don't appear to follow the government fee structure. \"A CBSE School Association member said schools cannot afford to charge 4,000 to 5,000 as fees. There are mixed reactions from parents too. \"I will be more than happy if the fee burden is reduced, but not if quality is going to take a hit,\" said Priscilla Victor, a mother of two CBSE students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497665", "title": "Illegal migration on agenda of India-Bangladesh border forces' meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: Following the recent violence in Assam, illegal migration from Bangladesh is among the top issues to be discussed in the five-day meet between Border Security Force (BSF) and Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) starting on September 25 in Dhaka.Various solutions including joint patrolling and fencing of vulnerable entry points, mainly in Dhubri district of Assam, and imposition of night curfew in the border areas used for such infiltration are expected to be discussed. BSF will give BGB a list of Bangladeshi nationals apprehended while crossing the border in the past one year.The 22-member delegation leaving for Bangladesh on September 25 will be lead by BSF DG U K Bansal and include representatives from the ministries of home and external affairs.The other important issue included in the agenda of the meet is that of fencing 150 yards of the zero line. India has been pushing for this as there are several villages or terrestrial obstructions in the form of water bodies right on the zero line. India wants fencing to be completed to prevent smuggling as well as human trafficking.Bangladesh, however, has been dithering on the issue for various reasons including its own interests in the smuggling of cattle from India to Bangladesh.A senior BSF official said, \"Of the 4,165 km border that India shares with Bangladesh, fencing for over 3,000 km has been sanctioned. Over 75% of this work has been completed. However, we are stuck on about 180-185 points on the border where fencing across 150 yards of zero line is required. We are hoping to push it in this meet and hasten the process.\"The BSF will propose joint inspection and mapping of such areas to speed up the process, sources said.Senior officers said there was considerable improvement since the last meet on the concerns expressed by Bangladesh on border issues and India will use it to build confidence between the two forces and push Bangladesh to take action on India's concerns.\"Bangladesh's two main concerns are smuggling of Phensedyl and killing of Bangladeshi nationals on the border. We have taken action and seizure of Phensedyl has increased manifold this year even as casualty of Bangladeshi nationals has gone down drastically due to increased use of non-lethal weapons such as pump-action and stun guns by the BSF,\" an officer said.Some other issues on the agenda include cross-border smuggling of various items ranging from cattle, textile and drugs to fake Indian currency notes. The meet will also discuss presence of Indian insurgent groups and their shelters in areas such as Chittagong.The two forces will also deliberate on various development activities and confidence building measures, specifically in managing borders and affairs of local population living on both sides near the demarcated line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16501815", "title": "Enrique Iglesias to perform in Bangalore", "text": "Pop sensation Enrique Iglesias will perform not just in Pune, but also in Bangalore and Gurgaon as well. Enrique's three city-tour of India will kick-start in Pune on October 17, continue in Gurgaon on October 19 and end in Bangalore on October 21.In a statement released by Enrique about his upcoming India tour, he said, \"It's been a long time since my last tour in India and I've been dying to come back and perform in front of one of the best and craziest crowds in the world! I'm excited about this visit and promise to give a great show and do my best so everyone has a great time. It's going to be awesome.\" The last time Enrique came to India was in 2004, and Bangalore was one of the pitstops on his Seven World Tour.According to Vijay Nair, CEO of the organization producing the 2012 India tour, the venue for the Bangalore concert will be announced early next week. \"Palace Grounds is not an option. We're just waiting to get licences cleared before we make an announcement,\" he said.Listen to Enrique's songs on Gaana.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16499136", "title": "As Kate lookalike, she makes 650/day", "text": "LONDON: A burger joint waitress in the UK has quit her job to become a Kate Middleton lookalike after customers told her she resembled the future Queen and now she charges up to 650 for public appearances.Heidi Agan, a 32-year-old mother-of-two, is constantly mistaken for the Duchess, in fact even her three-year-old daughter can't tell the two women apart.She was earning 6 an hour when she quit her job as a waitress at her local Frankie and Benny's to become Kate lookalike and now she's earning 650 a day, the Daily Mail reported.\"I've had other people come up to me during jobs convinced I'm Kate. When my daughter sees her in a magazine she points and says, 'there you are mummy',\" Agan said.She joined London-based agency Susan Scott Lookalikes in February and has stocked up on some of the Duchess of Cambridge's most memorable dresses, as well as her favourite shoes and accessories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497269", "title": "HC blast: Malik to be charged on Oct 1", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Friday fixed October 1 for formally framing the charges against Wasim Akram Malik, arrested by National Investigation Agency for his alleged role in the terror attack at Delhi high court last year.While dropping the charge of stringent penal offence of waging war against India on September 4, district judge H S Sharma had decided to frame charges of various other offences under the Indian Penal Code, the Explosive Substance Act and the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act against Malik.The court had declined the NIA's plea to prosecute Malik for the offence of waging war against India saying that merely because an e-mail referring to the release of Parliament attack case convict Afzal Guru was sent by the accused after the blast, it does not mean that an offence against the state was committed. NIA has challenged the same before HC.The trial court decided to frame charges for offences punishable under section 120-B (criminal conspiracy), 440 (mischief committed after preparation made for causing death or hurt), 436 (mischief by fire or explosive substance), 302 (murder), 307 (attempt to murder), 323 (causing hurt) and 325 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt) of the IPC against Malik. It also decided to frame charges under various sections of the Explosive Substance Act and the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act against Malik after finding prima facie evidence of his role in the September 7, 2011 terror attack at the court's reception in which 15 people were killed and 79 were injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16499219", "title": "Film an excuse for violence: Obama", "text": "US President Barack Obama has said that an anti-Islam film is being used as an excuse to carry out violent acts against Americans. \"What we've seen over the last week is something that actually we've seen in the past, where there is an offensive video or cartoon directed at the Prophet. And this is obviously something that then is used as an excuse by some to carry out inexcusable violent acts directed at Westerners or Americans,\"Obama said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16499342", "title": "HC bans use of polythene in Vrindavan", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Friday directed Agra's divisional commissioner, district magistrate and concerned local body authorities of Vrindavan (Mathura) to ban the use of polythene and plastic in Vrindavan.Passing the order on a PIL filed by Brij Lifeline Welfare Society, a division bench of acting Chief Justice Amitava Lala and Justice PKS Baghel also directed for the constitution of a task force to remove pollution and sewerage related problems of Vrindavan.This special committee would consist of officers of various departments, who will monitor the situation and submit reports in the court.The court, while hearing the PIL, also observed that several religious places in the state are in the grip of severe insanitation, and asked the UP State Legal Services Authority to launch an awareness campaign there, so that the problem in future is minimised.Appearing for the state, the standing counsel pointed out that relief in the PIL was for establishment of sewerage treatment plant at Vrindavan. For that heand contended that 4.5 MLD treatment plant is working there. He said that the state government has provided fund for increasing 8 MLD sewerage treatment plants, work on which will be completed by March 2013 to meet the floating growth of population up to 2025 in Vrindavan.Appearing for the petitioner, Shambhu Chopra, produced photographs and newspaper reports in the court to establish that dirty water is directly flowing into Yamuna, creating pollution in the river, which is dangerous for the health of the people. The court has fixed October 11 to hear the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16499478", "title": "Patna varsity has only 128 women teachers", "text": "PATNA: It is indeed an interesting case of \"gender inequality\" in Patna University (PU). While the number of girls studying in PU is much higher than the boys, the ratio is just the reverse in case of teachers.Of late, girls have started breaking another 'glass ceiling' in the field of higher education by outpacing boys. Over 9,000 girls are enrolled in ten constituent colleges of PU against altogether 6,000 boys.However, the male-female ratio becomes quite lopsided when it comes to the strength of teachers. There are only about 400 teachers serving the university at present of whom 128 are women. Most of the female teachers are employed in the two girls' colleges of PU - Patna Women's College and Magadh Mahila College. The remaining colleges and post-graduate departments of PU have got only a few women as their teaching staff. There are a number of departments which do not have even a single woman teacher.On the contrary, girls constitute nearly half of the total strength in the PU's post-graduate departments of arts, science and commerce faculties. In many post-graduation courses including science faculty, girls far exceed boys. For instance, there are 59 girls against ten boys in botany, 33 girls against 21 boys in biochemistry, 54 girls against 30 boys in psychology and 66 girls against 51 boys in geography.PU geography department head Ras Bihari Prasad Singh said that not only the enrolment of girls in higher education has increased considerably in recent years, but their performance has also improved appreciably. Most toppers of different examinations in PU happen to be girls. In PU examinations of 2009 and 2010, girls stole the limelight by bagging 34 gold medals out of 56. This year, as many as 28 toppers out of 40 in three-year degree honours examinations are girls, he said.Explaining the reversal of sex ratio amongst students and teachers, PU history department head Bharti S Kumar says that girls' education has picked up considerably in recent years hence their strength in institutions of higher education has been increasing. But, two to three decades back, only few girls were able to pursue higher education. Even those who somehow managed to secure degrees, were not allowed to join a job by their guardians.But, now, the situation has changed considerably. In the days to come, more and more women would be taking up jobs of their choice, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16498766", "title": "Chandigarh Municipal Corporation game for playgrounds", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Kids may no longer have to go to narrow roads, adjoining their houses or in the developed parks to play, as Chandigarh Municipal Corporation has started work on developing neighbourhood playgrounds in city. What may bring cheers to children is that the proposed playgrounds will have floodlight facility which will enable them to play even late in the evening.The modalities were finalized in the wake of demands that children in city did not have adequate space to play outdoor games.Officials said engineering wing of municipal corporation has zeroed in on 20 locations where small playground will be developed. In the first phase, locations have been earmarked in southern and eastern part of the city. In the first phase, the authority identified areas in sectors 15, 18, 19, 21, 22, 31, 47 and 48. According to officials, more such locations will be identified in subsequent phases.The department has already started making financial estimates for each neighbourhood playground following which construction work will be allotted to contractors through tender process.\"The locations have been finalized after assessment of size, where proper playground can come up,\" said MC chief engineer S S Bida.Vishal Gupta, executive engineer of the civic body, said the neighbourhood playgrounds will have basketball court, badminton court and volleyball court. \"The exact cost of each project is yet to be worked out, but roughly Rs 4-5 lakh would be spent on each ground,\" he said.The decision meanwhile has evoked overwhelming response from residents. \"This is a welcome decision which would go a long way in encouraging children for outdoor games. Presently, there is no designated area for the kids to play near their houses and they have to go to neighbourhood parks where residents, mainly senior citizens object,\" said Harpreet Singh , a resident of Sector 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500157", "title": "25-year-old held for murdering husband", "text": "Chennai: A 25-year-old woman allegedly smothered her husband to death after he came to know of her affair with a relative at her home in Ayapakkam . The woman was arrested on Friday . Police said Murugan , 25, a sound service engineer , was married to Tilakavathi . On Thursday morning , he was found dead by his mother Susheela . There were burn marks on his lips and injuries all over the body . The family suspected that he was murdered . The villagers also stopped the ambulance that was carrying Murugan's body and refused to let it go , demanding police nab his killer . Police questioned Tilakavathi in connection with the murder . They said during questioning she broke down and confessed that she killed her husband after he confronted her over her affair . She has been remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16498795", "title": "Tata company buys off land for project in Kharagpur", "text": "KOLKATA: The land acquisition for Tata Motors plant at Singur is a history now.However, the episode seems to have taught a lesson to one of its group cos - Tata Metaliks. The subsidiary of Tata Steel didn't take the land acquisition route for one of its projects. Instead, the company has bought 22 acres directly from the owners at Kharagpur in West Midnapore to set up a captive power plant and a coke oven unit.This is also in line with the declared policy of Mamata Banerjee government for industrial land. Banerjee has repeatedly said that it is not in favour of government acquiring land for industry. Harsh K Jha, MD of Tata Metaliks, told reporters after the firm's AGM, that it has bought the land near the fence of its existing pig iron unit. \"It was not a problem to buy the land,\" he added. The firm has 200 acres in the existing pig iron project.According to him, total investment for the new project would be over Rs 120 crore. It is setting up a 12 MW captive power plant and a 1.2 lakh tonne capacity coke oven plant.He said the company would implement the project through build, operate and transfer model. \"Tata Metaliks does not want to invest in these projects. We have identified two partners for setting up power plant and coke oven unit. The agreement will be finalized soon,\" he added.Incidentally, the company had entered into an agreement with Global Coke last year for the coke oven plant. However, it was later terminated.Incidentally, Tata Metaliks has a 3.5 lakh tonne pig iron plant in Kharagpur. The company, earlier, had a plan to set up 5 lakh tonne billet plant with an investment of Rs 800 crore in Kharagpur. It was initially looking at 500 acres of contiguous land, but subsequently, scaled its demand down to 350 acres. The then chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee had promised Tata Metaliks on February 26, 2005, that the state would allocate land on priority basis. However, the project never took off as WBIDC failed to provide 350 acres contiguous land and the price of the land had also escalated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16498971", "title": "Gujarati film shortlisted for Oscar nomination", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarati film 'Veer Hamirji - Somnath ni Sakhate' may have secured only a one-week run at the cinemas. But the film is one of the 17 Indian films shortlisted for Oscar nomination for the category of Best Foreign Language Film and the first Gujarati film to be shortlisted for Oscar.The film, a maiden venture by Vadodara-based Mahee Productions, is based on Gujarati warrior Hamirji Gohil, who fought and sacrificed his life to protect the Somnath temple.Co-producer and lead actor of the film Maulik Pathak said, \"This is the first time that a Gujarati film has been shortlisted for Oscar nomination. It's a proud moment for the industry. We hope that the film gets nominated and gives a new beginning to the Gujarati film industry. Till now, people thought it was just another historical film but the shortlisting has generated the perception.\"The film, made with a budget of nearly Rs 1 crore, will be released in the US in December and will return to cinemas in Ahmedabad, Vadodara and Surat for a re-run following the enquiries it has generated. According to Pathak, the Gujarat government has requested the production house to offer discounts to students to encourage them to watch the film and learn more about brave Hamirji Gohil.Hamirji Gohil is a legend amongst Rajputs and Gohil samaj of Saurashtra. There is a monument to his memory in front of the temple of Somnath in Veraval, Gujarat.Most of the cast and crew members in the film are alumni of MS University in Vadodara while some actors were signed from Mumbai. The production house had also hired students from the current batch of the faculty of performing arts at MS University to play several roles in the film.\"The impression that every Gujarati film is just another movie disturbed us. But the Oscar shortlisting will give a boost to the film. We also have a dubbed version of the film ready in Hindi for the national audience,\" added Pathak, who produced the film along with Bhagirath Joshi and Chintan Pathak. Deepak Vyas carried out research on the life of Hamirji for the film, which was written by Devesh Shah and directed by Nilesh Mohite.The list of 17 critically acclaimed Indian movies includes 11 Hindi films\u2014Paan Singh Tomar, Barfi!, Kahaani, The Dirty Picture, Heroine, Gangs of Wasseypur - Part 1 &amp; 2.These films face competition from six regional films including Gujarati film Veer Hamirji - Somnath ni Sakhate and SS Rajamouli's Eega.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16500731", "title": "Sleepless nights for today's youngsters", "text": "INDORE: Sleep apnoea or pause in breathing during sleep till now scared only those who have crossed at least six decades of their life. But all thanks to the poor sleeping habits and obesity, the disease is now afflicting even the young ones now-a-days.According to health experts, of late, the problem has been seen even in people in the age group of 30. They say, rising obesity in young population, tonsillitis, respiratory allergies, stressful lifestyle and smoking are the common reasons behind the disturbing trend.Obesity and metabolic surgeon Dr Mohit Bhandari, says, \"In 2008, on an average, we used to get about 5-7 patients a month. Today, the number has gone up to 20-25. More and more young patients are coming for consultation due to various symptoms related to sleep apnoea. The youngest patient I have seen till date is a 15-year-old who suffered sleep apnoea. She had to be normalized by surgery.\" Most of the cases come in obese patients and obesity surgery is a possible solution, he added.According to a pan-India survey, over 90% of Indians who have sleep apnoea are unaware that they are moving towards a health risk. Doctors say what is more disturbing is changing pattern in sleep disorders. \"Earlier, sleep apnoea was significantly related to obesity and old age, but today at least 50%-60% of our patients are young that may be obese or having other health problems. One of the causes can be allergic respiratory disorder like allergic rhinitis coupled with smoking,\" said Dr Ravi Doshi, a consultant pulmonologist.According to a study, sleep apnoea is estimated to affect men more than women population. In a study conducted on people over 18 years of age, the problem was estimated to develop in 1.5 % of people per year over the 5 year study. Among patients with heart disease 30%-50% have obstructive sleep apnoea, and among patients with strokes, 60% have obstructive sleep apnoea. Snoring is a indication of developing sleep apnoea and taking necessary measures can avoid worsening of problems.Dr Vishal Munjal, an ENT specialist said, \"There is a lack of awareness about snoring among people. Snoring could lead to choking. An obese person who snores can have serious problems. Parents must not neglect if a child snores. Snoring is the first sign of developing sleep apnoea.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "16498964", "title": "'Women blamed when males are guilty'", "text": "CANDOLIM: Women are looked down upon in society and are blamed unfairly even if the male members are guilty of bringing shame and disrepute to their families, a speaker at a two-day workshop at Nerul panchayat said.The workshop sponsored by central board of social welfare on 'Rights of girl child and future implications of imbalanced sex ratio', was organized by the Goa state social welfare board to create awareness amongst villagers.Ashpak Shaikh, a resource person, speaking on 'Migration and effects on women's life' cited the example of a security guard from north India, who had tested positive for HIV. He said that he had tried to convince him not to have unprotected sex with his wife when he was about to leave for a two month break to his native place.But during that time, he was careless and passed on the infection to his wife, Shaikh said. In due course of time, it transpired that his wife also tested HIV positive. But the husband's family blamed the wife for passing on the infection to their kin and the society also accused her of being unfaithful to her husband, he added.\"Nobody believed the woman,\" he said, adding that migration results in untold suffering to women.During the interactive sessions with participants, which largely included housewives, it was evident that level of awareness about issues among them was poor.Earlier, minister for social welfare Dilip Parulekar inaugurated the workshop. Parulekar urged women to ensure the progress and welfare of the girl-child through government schemes, especially for self-help groups.Various issues related to women were covered by other speakers, including Anita Karambelkar, who spoke on 'Social customs, rituals regarding the secondary status of women,' B N Kamble, secretary of Goa state social welfare board spoke on central social welfare board schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16500054", "title": "All fried food, no fruit makes urban India ill", "text": "Urban India is ailing. Chennai is the country's diabetes capital and Kochi has more people with high levels of cholesterol than any other city. Delhi has the most number of obese and overweight people and Kolkata has the largest number of smokers. The findings of a survey, conducted by Marico's non-profit initiative Saffolalife in association with Public Health Association of India, have alarmed experts. Experts said the survey found that Indian hearts age faster than those of people in the West, particularly because of poor eating habits, lack of exercise, smoking and alcohol consumption.The study showed that 74% of urban Indians are at risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), with their hearts having aged faster than their bodies. A majority of people who were at risk were in the age group of 30 to 44. The Saffolalife Study 2012 showed that 75% of males and 57% females between 30 and 34 were at high risk of heart disease. \"Men are genetically at higher risk of heart attack and lack adequate amount of protective oestrogen,\" said cardiologist Dr Muthuvel Somasundaram. The heart age of participants were calculated based on their response to a questionnaire on food habits, lifestyle and physical activity among other factors. The study, however , hasn't been peer reviewed or published in medical journals and Saffolalife has said that it was based on an analysis of information shared on the internet by 1.12 lakh people 30 years old and above from various cities. The study found that 59% of those surveyed nationwide between 30 and 49 years old had high-risk levels of cholesterol and 61% of those in the 30 to 49 age group had dangerously low levels of HDL or 'good' cholesterol . Among respondents between 40 and 44 who were at CVD risk, at least 91% had high-risk cholesterol levels. The study also showed that more than three of every 10 Indians do not consume even one fruit a day and 74% of Indians do not consume whole grains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "16502578", "title": "Absu rally against diesel hike, FDI", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The All Bodo Students' Union (Absu) on Friday evening brought out a candlelight rally in Kokrajhar town against the hike in fuel prices, decision to introduce FDI in multi-brand retail and the cap on subsidized LPG cylinders. Many people joined the protest rally. Absu vice-president Guneswar Goyary said the student body opposed the hike in fuel price, which has led to increase in the prices of essential commodities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16498673", "title": "20 deer from Maharajbagh to be released in Navegaon", "text": "NAGPUR: Principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife) AK Saxena has ordered the release of excess deer at Maharajbagh Zoo into the Navegaon National Park, 130km from here in Gondia district.Saxena confirmed the release order, and explained there are around 50 deer in the city's small zoo. As per the National Zoo Policy, small zoos cannot keep more than 10 deer. The excess deer need to be shifted under the Wildlife Protection Act 1972.In 2008, Maharajbagh had moved a proposal before chief wildlife warden seeking permission to release these deer. The herbivores were to be released in Navegaon National Park, and Chaprala and Tipeshwar wildlife sanctuaries in Gadchiroli and Yavatmal districts respectively.However, on August 13, 2010, the release of deer to Navegaon went haywire after then zoo controller Vandan Mohod of Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV) and then in-charge Dr AB Motghare did not obtain a requisite transit pass (TP). The Navegaon officials returned the vehicle. The delay in release led to the death of one deer. Dr Motghare was shunted out and a FIR was filed against both.Following the mess, on May 20, 2011, zoo officer-in charge Dr SS Bawaskar wrote to chief wildlife warden seeking department's help by deputing an expert officer to help relocate excess deer. In between, a lot of time was wasted over issuing fresh orders.On Tuesday, Saxena issued orders directing the zoo authorities to release 20 deer in Navegaon at the two relocated village sites. The zoo has been told to release the animals in groups of 10 each with a gap of 15 days. The decision to release another lot of 20 excess deer will be taken later.Saxena has also agreed to the request by zoo authorities to depute an experienced forest officer to help with the release. Chief conservator of forests (CCF) for Nagpur Circle SH Patil has been asked to do the needful. The zoo in charge has been told to obtain mandatory TP and veterinary doctor's certificate before releasing the deer.Dr Bawaskar said he is yet to receive the PCCF's orders but was expecting them soon. \"If all goes well, we will start the process by the month-end. The time is opportune to release deer,\" he said.Releasing excess deer is one of the several conditions to renew recognition to the city zoo by the Central Zoo Authority (CZA), a statutory body which monitors all zoos in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "boxirhat (coochbehar)", "code": "16498810", "title": "Boxirhat OC faces probe over rape charge", "text": "BOXIRHAT (COOCHBEHAR): A woman has lodged an FIR against the officer in charge of Boxirhat police station and alleged that the cop had raped her on August 7.According to sources, the woman used to run a hotel located just beside the police station. In her complaint, the complainant mentioned that the OC used to go to her hotel to have food. On August 7, he allegedly locked her in a room and raped her. The OC also threatened the woman of dire consequences if she informed the matter to anybody. The woman then closed the hotel for some time and fled to Siliguri.She returned from Siliguri on Thursday and mustered enough courage to lodged an FIR. Coochbehar SP Pranab Kumar Das said that an inquiry has been started and the OC will be interrogated soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16500726", "title": "BoI manager caught accepting bribe", "text": "INDORE: CBI sleuths from Bhopal on Wednesday caught red-handed Bank of India's Nemawar branch manager in Dewas district for seeking and accepting a bribe of Rs 10,000.Sources within the CBI said that the branch manager, Kishorilal Parmar had demanded Rs 70,000 from one Kailash Jat, his father Jagdish and uncle Hukum for sanctioning three Kisan credit card (KCC) loans. He was seeking the amount as bribe to clear the cumulative loan about Rs 9 lakh of the three beneficiaries.Parmar was caught while accepting the second installment of the amount. \"The three had already paid a bribe of Rs 44,000 and were to pay Rs 26,000 on Wednesday,\" said a CBI official.Before handing over the second installment, Kailash approached the CBI and lodged a complaint. He also informed about the conversation and the deal Parmar made with him. With the help of Jat, the CBI officials laid a trap. The Jat family went to the residence of the branch manager where they had decided to meet and handed him over Rs 10,000 expressing their inability to pay Rs 26,000. \"The accused was arrested accepting the bribe in presence of independent witnesses. The bribe amount was also recovered from the accused,\" said the CBI source.A team of CBI from Bhopal arrested Parmar. Searches were also conducted by the CBI team at office and residential premises of the accused in Nemawar and Ujjain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16499188", "title": "\u2018Now, one-third of patients with cardiac problems are under 40\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Urban Indians have hearts older than their biological age, said a survey on the risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) among Indians. An older heart means the person has one or more risk factors for heart disease. The World Health Organisation considers four factors : diabetes , hypertension , cholesterol and smoking . This study also took into account factors like obesity , HDL and family history.If low levels of good cholesterol is spurring the CVD epidemic in Mumbai, in Delhi it is high body mass index or obesity. The sugar imbalance problem of diabetes and poor physical activity are the leading worries for Chennai and Ahmedabad, respectively. In Kolkata , smoking is the leading cause , found the Saffolalife survey aimed at identifying common risk factors for heart disease in India.\"In our practice , we find that one-third of the patients with heart problems are under 40,\" said Dr Mehta.The risk factors , however , show a gender divide . Almost a quarter of the men have a heart problem risk because of smoking . Among women , it is poor levels of the good cholesterol that is leading to heart problem.Said JJ Hospital's cardiology head Dr N O Bansal : \"There is no official authority in India with any data . But the few local studies show that one in 10 adult Indians runs the risk of coronary artery diseases. We have bad genetics and we worsen it with our lifestyle that is becoming increasing western and diet that is becoming too high in sodium and fat.\"But he added that it's not too late to change the trend . \"Countries like Sweden have recorded lowered heart problems because of stringent efforts both by the state and individuals ,\"said Dr Bansal . Western nations have made it mandatory for companies to label all the ingredients and their citizens are more aware about the harms of high-calorie food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497986", "title": "Post-UPA, Mamata Banerjee eyes electoral gains", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mamata Banerjee's Trinamool Congress withdrew its support to the UPA government on Friday in what could be a boost for the formation of a non-Congress, non-BJP front after the 2014 polls.The alliance, which resembled an unhappy marriage, ended on a bitter note with Trinamool taking potshots at Congress and indicating that it would now play an aggressive opposition in Parliament with a view to gain political mileage ahead of panchayat elections scheduled for April-May next year.The acrimony diminished the prospect of a rapprochement. The parting can help a non-Congress, non-BJP bid for power at the Centre in 2014 since Mamata, always too anxious not to offend the sensitivities of Muslims who make up 29% of the West Bengal electorate, is unlikely to partner BJP either.On Friday, the final snapping of ties took barely half an hour, when six Trinamool ministers first submitted their resignations to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in a \"grim\" interaction that lasted for exactly five minutes at 4 pm at the PM's residence and then handed over Mamata's letter of withdrawal from the UPA to President Pranab Mukherjee at Rashtrapati Bhavan at 4.30 pm. The letter for withdrawing support from the government was signed and handed over by party general secretary Mukul Roy.The resignations are likely to be forwarded to Rashtrapati Bhavan by Saturday.Mukherjee spent some time with the MPs from his home state, and showed them around some of the rooms at Rashtrapati Bhavan.After the meeting, all six leaders - Mukul Roy, Saugata Roy, Sudip Bandopadhyay, Chaudhury Mohan Jatua, Sisir Adhikary and Sultan Ahmed - along with the party's Rajya Sabha MP K D Singh walked out together to announce withdrawal from the government to the media.Saugata Roy told the waiting media, \"We six TMC ministers handed over our individual letters of resignation to the prime minister at 4 pm. Then we came to Rashtrapati Bhavan where Mukul Roy handed over the letter to say we are withdrawing support to President Pranab Mukherjee.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16496718", "title": "HC to colleges: Resistance to verification \u2018suspicious\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Seeking to know why private professional college managements were shying away from inspections to be conducted by the task force constituted by the state government, the high court on Friday said the colleges which have submitted affidavits to courts claiming to have certain infrastructure in place would have to substantiate their claims. The court refused to intervene in the process of inspection of all private unaided professional colleges.The bench of acting Chief Justice Pinaki Chandra Ghose and justice Vilas V Afzulpurkar gave this order while hearing a clutch of petitions that challenged the formation of the task force and the inclusion of an IPS officer in it.\"There is a need to crosscheck the furnished information and to conduct inspection of all such colleges in order to ascertain its veracity,\" the bench said.In accordance with the directions of the Supreme Court, the colleges which have already submitted the required information for fee fixation before the Admission Fee Regulation Committee (AFRC), would have to stand the test of verification at the ground level, the bench said.After hearing the objections raised by the counsel for colleges, Justice Ghose said, \"Your plea is making us suspicious. In your affidavits, you claim you are the best. Then why are you running away from inspections?\" The objections raised against an IPS officer being included in the inspection committees too were flimsy, the bench added.It, however, said the task force reports would be placed before the All India Council for Technical Education and any further action would be only after obtaining the prior permission of the court. Several questions were raised by the colleges on the recent ordinance that permitted inspection of all affiliated colleges under JNTU and GO Ms No.54 issued by the government constituting a task force at regional and state levels to conduct inspection of engineering and other professional colleges in the state.Additional advocate general KG Krishna Murthy informed the court that the government has its own objections in allowing the AFRC to conduct inspections and that is why the task force has been constituted for the purpose and urged the court to permit the government to carry out the inspections.In the batch of writ petitions, private engineering colleges contended that the state government had no power to conduct the inspections as such power vests in the AICTE.The state refuted this by citing a recent order of the apex court in which it ruled that the state governments had the power to regulate professional colleges.The bench directed the cases to be listed after four weeks and in the interregnum, the government and other respondents to file their response.The day's development in court assumes significance in the wake of the government's submission before the court that most of the colleges which have secured higher fee, have claimed that the student staff ratio in their colleges is 1:30 and the consequent inspections disclose huge deficiencies.Now, with government gearing itself to conduct the inspections through its task force, it will have to be seen whether the information submitted by these colleges will be borne out by the actual situation in the colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16502859", "title": "Para teachers to hit streets today", "text": "RANCHI: Over 85,000 para teachers of the state, who have been on a strike for 25 days demanding the implementation of service rules, will be on the streets on Saturday to ensure the implementation of bandh they have called to press their demands.Sources in the education department said the para teachers on Wednesday locked all government schools.Chairperson of the Jharkhand Para Teachers' Association Sanjay Dubey said, \"We have asked the teachers of government schools to go on a strike and support our support but as they did not help us, we locked all government schools on Wednesday. On Saturday, we will come out on streets and ensure that the entire state comes to a standstill so that the government realizes our plight,\" said Dubey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16498003", "title": "US think-tank asks India to prepare against threats along northern borders", "text": "NEW DELHI: Holding that the possibility of future conventional wars of major consequence along India's northern borders with Pakistan and China persists, a prominent US think-tank says the Indian defence establishment \"must plan and prepare accordingly\".In a 70-page report titled, \"Airpower at 18,000: The IAF in the Kargil war\", the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace says the 1999 Indo-Pak conflict demonstrated on a strategic level that a stable bilateral nuclear deterrence relationship can markedly inhibit such regional conflicts in intensity and scale - if not preclude them altogether.\"In the absence of the nuclear stabilizing factor, those flash points could erupt into open-ended conventional showdowns for the highest stakes,\" it says. But the study goes on to add that the Kargil war \"also demonstrated that nuclear deterrence is not a panacea\", and consequently India must plan and prepare for the future.The study also underlines \u2014 as is well-documented by now \u2014 some of India's military shortcomings. For instance, the gaping holes in the country's real-time intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance capability that allowed the incursion by Pakistani Army regulars and others \"to go undetected for many days\".\"It further brought to light the initial near-total lack of transparency and open communication between the Indian Army's top leaders and the IAF with respect to the gathering crisis. All things considered, the conflict was a poor test of India's air warfare capability,\" it says.As earlier reported by TOI, the then Army and IAF chiefs, General V P Malik and Air Chief Marshal A Y Tipnis, squabbled with each other over the conduct of operations. Gen Malik has written how ACM Tipnis was reluctant to use airpower in the initial days of the conflict.ACM Tipnis went on record to retort that an \"embarrassed\" Army was initially reluctant \"to reveal the full gravity\" of the situation , arising from the presence of Pakistani intruders in the Kargil heights, to the government. As the conflict progressed, both Army and IAF, however, got their act together. IAF pitched in with ground strikes by its MiG-21s, MiG-27s and Mirage-2000s to help Indian soldiers evict the Pakistanis from the icy heights.The study says, \"Despite the happy ending of the Kargil experience for India, IAF's fighter pilots were restricted in their operations due to myriad challenges specific to this campaign. They were thus consigned to do what they could rather than what they might have done if they had more room for manoeuvre.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16497966", "title": "18-year-old found dead in Sector 29", "text": "GURGAON: An 18-year-old youth was found dead near Appu Ghar site in Sector 29 on Friday. The police have registered a case of murder and are investigating the case.The police have identified the victim as Sunil Kumar from Ranchi, Jharkhand . He was living in Vajirabad village with a friend, Rahul, and worked with a private firm in DLF Gurgaon.The body was found by passersby near the Appu Ghar site in Sector 29 on Friday morning. The cause of death has been attributed to a head injury.The victim's father alleged that the roommate, Rahul, was involved in the murder. Rahul is is at large.\"We have lodged an FIR against Rahul and others under sections 302/201 of IPC. We do not know Rahul's whereabouts as yet. After his arrested the facts will be disclosed behind the murder,\" police said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16498884", "title": "Terror fears, gold price hike insurance cover", "text": "PUNE: Big Ganapati mandals in the city have increased their insurance cover manifold to protect the idol, mandal and devotees from theft, burglary, fire and terror attacks during the Ganesh festival, in the backdrop of the serial blasts on JM Road.The Shrimant Dagdusheth Halwai Ganapati Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Mandal Trust has increased the insurance cover on devotees visiting the temple from Rs 15 crore in 2010 to Rs 50 crore this year. According to the police, terrorists Yasin Bhatkal and Mohammad Siddiqui had plans to bomb the Shrimant Dagdusheth Halwai temple in Budhwar Peth on the same day of the German Bakery bomb blast. The plan was, however, foiled as a flower vendor had prevented Siddiqui from placing the bag containing explosives at his stall.The insurance cover for Kasba Ganapati has gone up to Rs 1 crore this year, from no cover last year.Mandals have also opted for larger insurance cover for the ornaments adorning Ganapati idols this year, because of the rising prices of the yellow metal.Ashok Godse, president of Shrimant Dagdusheth Halwai Ganapati Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Mandal Trust, said, \"We have increased the insurance cover for devotees visiting the temple during the festival. People of all religions, race, creed and economic status come to the temple during festival. It is the trust's responsibility to provide them with proper protection against mishaps, especially in view of the current situation.\"As per the scheme, in case of loss of a life in a mishap, the victim's kin will be paid Rs 5 lakh, while Rs 2.5 lakh will be paid for an injury or handicap.The trust has also provided insurance cover of Rs 5 crore to the area within 1-km radius of the temple, which will include cover to the temple as well as the properties around it. \"An insurance cover of Rs 5 crore for the ornaments of the idol has also been arranged for this year. Last year, the insurance cover on ornaments was around Rs 3.5 crore,\" Godse said.Bharat Rathod of Kasba Ganapati mandal said that an insurance cover of Rs 1 crore has been provided to the 2.5 feet Ganapati idol, its ornaments, 'palkhi' and the throne. \"We had not availed of any insurance cover last year. But the recent bomb blasts made us realize that we cannot take any risk,\" he added.Anil Shidore, member of the mandal, said: \"The JM Road blasts and fear of theft and other such instances have prompted us to be more cautious this year. The idol's jewellery, which is kept in bank lockers throughout the year, is publicly displayed during the festival. So, it is imperative to protect it. We are also thinking about insuring the pandal.\"An official from New India Assurance said that three to four Ganesh mandals in Pune have approached them for insurance cover this year. \"People have become aware of the benefits of insuring their property. This year, mandals have increased their insurance cover compared to last year,\" the official added.Balasaheb Marne, president of Babugenu Ganapati mandal, said that the insurance cover provided to the devotees visiting the pandal, the decoration set and the pandal has been increased this year. \"An insurance cover of Rs 2.5 crore has been provided for the gold ornaments of the idol. Last year, the insurance cover for ornaments was Rs 2 crore. Insurance cover provided to people visiting the pandal has been increased by Rs 10 lakh this year, instead of Rs 2 to 3 lakh earlier. The reason being the recent blasts in the city,\" he said.The Tulshibaug Ganapati mandal is considering an insurance cover of Rs 1 for the idol, its jewellery, the mandal volunteers as well as the shopkeepers around the pandal for protection against any sort of risk or terror mishap. Last year, the mandal had availed of an insurance cover of Rs 50 lakh for the idol's ornaments only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16498305", "title": "Varsity may adopt online exam process for engineering", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai University may launch its pilot project to carry out online procedures for the engineering examination next year.Starting in 2013, the university may plan to register students, accept examination forms, evaluate papers and also release students' marksheets online. It might extend the method to other courses too.The state's exam reform panel had recommended, in a recent report, several examination reforms including implementing online exams.The panel also suggested having online theses submissions and evaluations for post graduate and doctoral programmes. Other reforms suggested include mandatory online display of results and open-book and take-home examinations. For the latter, students would be given submission deadlines. The committee also suggested the use of anti-plagiarism software.Mumbai University has decided to adopt information and communication technology ( ICT) for its pre-exam and post-exam processes. \"We are planning to adopt online procedures for at least one course in 2013. We are yet to finalize the course but it would most likely be for the engineering faculty,\" said Subhash Deo, director of examinations, who was also a part of the reform committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16499274", "title": "Enforcement directorate chief meets chief secretary, seekshelp to expedite probe", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief of the enforcement directorate Rajan Katoch called on chief secretary Jawed Usmani and director general of police (DGP) UP AC Sharma on Friday and sought help from the state agencies to expedite investigations into cases related to money-laundering reported from the state that are pending with the federal agency. The ED is expected to tighten the noose around the accused in money-laundering cases and initiate proceedings against them.The country's only federal unit, ED is at present handling around two dozen cases of money-laundering reported from Uttar Pradesh in connection with the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) and foodgrain scams and others. The ED has registered as many as 14 separate cases under the NRHM and another 11 under the multi-thousand crore foodgrain scam. Some isolated cases of alleged money-laundering are also pending with the ED for quite some time now.An officer of 1979 batch and a batch mate of the UP chief secretary, the ED director also met senior IPS officer Subhrat Tripathi who is presently the DG of the police cooperative cell and holding the additional charge of the chief of Economic Offences Wing (EOW) of the UP Police. The EOW unit of the state police is the nodal agency for all money-laundering cases reported from the state and co-ordinates with the ED for the purpose.In all the three meetings, Katoch urged the officials to extend support in terms of making available the records and specifics related to the cases pending with the ED. He is also believed to have sought help from the state government to provide assistance in compilation of official information related to the cases pending with the directorate.The ED is the only agency in the country to attach all the properties of anyone accused of money-laundering merely on the basis of registration of a case with the agency and also initiated similar proceedings against the accused not only in India but any other country in the world.In scams, the ED comes into the picture usually after probes into scams conducted by state or central agencies establish that money has been transferred between two countries and the accused has investments or safe deposits of cash outside India.Since more than often the cases lodged with the ED involve high-profile individuals like ministers and senior bureaucrats of the state, it gets cumbersome for the sleuths to collect official information against them. The latest meeting between the ED chief and the state agencies was described as one in which the federal agency has sought specific case related assistance from the state government.A number of officers and staff of food and civil supplies department, contractors, whole sellers and transporters have been named in the FIRs related to the alleged foodgrains scam reported between 2005-06 from Varanasi, Allahabad, Lucknow, Hardoi, Gonda, Deoria, Shahjhanpur, Lalitpur, Basti, Sant Ravidas Nagar and Sant Kabir Nagar. After detecting large-scale irregularities in the supply of foodgrain under various schemes like BPL, Antyodaya, Sampurna Gramin Swarojgar, the state government had ordered a probe by the Economic Offences Wing in 2006. As investigations revealed that foodgrain meant for poor was smuggled to Bangladesh , the government recommended a CBI inquiry in the case.The ED had lodged 14 cases related to money-laundering against the accused in NRHM scam. During investigations, the ED is believed to have shortlisted half a dozen names who have foreign connections or have been in touch with international contacts, particularly when the NRHM scam was being committed between 2007 and 2009. Senior IAS officer and former principal secretary, family welfare, Pradeep Shukla, reportedly tops this list of accused, sources said adding that he had made more than half a dozen foreign trips during the period none of which find a mention in any of the official records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "16498807", "title": "Agriculture officer, two others held for duping couple", "text": "AMRAVATI: A deputy superintendent of agriculture and a clerk attached with agriculture department, Morshi were among three arrested for duping a couple on the pretext of giving job. Frejarpura Police arrested deputy superintendent Arun Mahalle, clerk Hemant Yawle and Keshav Vidhale.Two years ago the agriculture department had carried out a recruitment drive for filling up the post of clerks. Hemant demanded Rs 8 lakh from his 'good friend' Milind Panekar to give a job to his wife Shilpa Panekar. Milind, who works with a private company, showed his inability to pay the sum. After negotiations, the deal was fixed at Rs 6 lakh. Milind assured Hemant to give the money in instalments. He accordingly paid the first instalment of Rs 1.60 lakh to Hemant two years ago.Later, Hemant demanded Rs 2 lakh which Milind again paid. But after several months when Hemant did not show up, Milind contacted him and inquired about the job. Fed up with his calls, Hemant contacted deputy superintendent of agriculture Arun Mahalle, and told him that he would give him Rs 1 lakh if he tells Milind that his work is in progress. Mahalle agreed to cheat Milind and took the money from Hemant.Mahalle too demanded Rs 2.15 lakh from Milind, saying that he would help in getting his wife the job at the earliest. Milind gave money to Mahalle and waited for some months, but when he did not get any news about the recruitment, he started calling Mahalle repeatedly. Mahalle then showed his inability to give the job. Faced with no other option, Milind thought of lodging a police complaint.When Hemant learnt that Milind had made his mind to lodge a complaint against him, he cooked up a plan against Milind with the help of his father-in-law Keshav Vidhale. As per their plan, Vidhale complained to police that Milind has kidnapped his son-in-law Hemant. Taking cognisance of Keshav's complaint, police called Milind for inquiry and Milind narrated his plight and showed police proofs of how Hemant had duped him and his wife of Rs 5.75 lakh. Police then lodged a complaint against Arun Mahalle, Hemant Yawle and Keshav Vidhale under relevant Sections of IPC.The three accused were produced in court on Thursday, which granted police custody of the trio till September 24.ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16499385", "title": "Multi-level relief in Lalbagh", "text": "LUCKNOW: One can expect some respite from traffic congestion in an around Hazratganj with the Lucknow Municipal Corporation all set to inaugurate the underground parking lot at Dayanidhan Park by next week. This will be the second multi-level parking lot in the area. The one in main Hazratganj run by the Lucknow Development Authority is already operational.The parking lot was proposed Mayawati government in a bid to project Lal Bagh as a locality with better facilities including parking, close on the heels of Hazratganj which completed 200 years of existence in Januray 2010.Officiating municipal commissioner, LMC, Rakesh Verma said that they would soon be inviting bids to get the facility into an operational mode in next couple of days. The LMC, earlier this month, had asked the Rajkiya Nirman Nigam (RNN) to hand over the parking lot to LMC so that it could be used by people for parking of vehicles. Verma said that after much persuasion, the nirman nigam handed over the facility to the corporation.The one-level parking lot, constructed in the basement of Dayanidhan Park will spread over an area of 4,755 sq mt. Having a capacity to house 182 fours wheelers and 139 two wheelers, the facility is proposed to be ease out parking problems in and around Lal Bagh and a section of areas in and around Kaiserbagh. The LMC, however, has not decided the parking rates, even though it is likely to follow the same format used in other underground parking lots: Rs 20 for four wheelers and Rs 10 for two wheelers.The other parking lot, constructed underneath the Jhandi wala park opposite LMC headoffice in Lal Bagh, however is yet to be made operational. Verma said that they had sent a communication to managing director of RNN to transfer the facility to LMC. The facility is yet to made fully ready,'' he said, while speaking to TOI.The two-floored facility is yet to get a power connection. Sources said that the Lucknow Electricity Supply Administration (Lesa) has been asked to install a transformer around the facility so that it could receive an uninterrupted power supply. The facility has a basement which will be of no use in the absence of power,'' a senior LMC official said.The facility happens to be of utmost use during the festival season, specially Durga Puja which is organised in Jhandi wala park with great fan fare. In the absence of a proper parking, vehicles are parked irregularly all along the Triloki Nath road (the road parrellel to LMC head office), often disrupting smooth movement of traffic.At the same time, another underground parking lot, Sarojini Naidu Park, opposite DM residence too has been delayed with the change of regime.Parking lot at Dayanidhan Park\u00b7 One-level parking lot\u00b7 Constructed in the basement of Dayanidhan Park\u00b7 Spreads over an area of 4755 sq mts\u00b7 Has capacity to house 182 fours wheelers and 139 two wheelers\u00b7 The facility is proposed to be ease out parking problems in and around Lal Bagh and a section of areas in and around Kaiserbagh.Other parking lot in Lal BaghJhandi wala parking lot\u00b7 Two floored parking lot opposite LMC head office.\u00b7 Will have the capacity to house 350 vehicles\u00b7 Initially proposed to be completed by the end of financial year.\u00b7 Ease out traffic problem in Lal Bagh, part of Hazratganj, essentially around Janpath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16496745", "title": "\u2018DGP\u2019 Yadagiri duped woman of Rs 39L", "text": "HYDERABAD: P Yadagiri Rao, the key accused in the cash-for-bail scam, masqueraded as DGP Girish Kumar to take Rs 39 lakh from a woman on the promise of getting her a posting as a board member of Tirumala Tirupati Devastanams (TTD).He returned the cash to her only after receiving a huge amount of cash in the Gali Janardhana Reddy bail scam case. This startling deal came to light when ACB officials recorded the statement of Y Vijaya Lakshmi, the woman in question, as part of their probe into the cash-for-bail case. In her deposition before ACB, the woman stated that one Jahangir, her family friend, had claimed that he knew the DGP, adding that he was capable of ensuring allotment of MLA tickets as well.\"I requested him (Yadagiri posing as DGP) to arrange a nominated post for me in the government. He assured me that he would get me appointed as a TTD board member if I could shell out Rs 50 lakh for the same. I agreed and paid him Rs 39 lakh in three instalments\", Vijaya Lakshmi said in her deposition. It was only after police registered an FIR against Yadagiri Rao in the cash-for-bail scam and his photos appeared in TV news channels that I realized that he was not Girish Kumar. Thereupon, I approached Yadagiri for an immediate refund of my money, she said. I started mounting pressure on him through Jahangir whereupon he returned Rs 2 lakh.But, suddenly, on May 12, 2012, Yadagiri returned the remaining Rs 37 lakh through his driver, she said. It can be recalled that CBI court granted bail to Gali Janardhan Reddy just a day prior to this date, that is, on May 11, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16498686", "title": "Charas recovered from jail inmate", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The security personnel in Model Burail jail recovered 11gm charas from the possession of an inmate Sakir Alam on Thursday. Alam was being frisked at the entrance gate of jail, while shifting him inside the jail, when the drug was recovered from his socks.Accused Alam was lodged in the jail in connection with a theft case. Police sources said accused Alam was delivered the drug by a person known to him under the nose of security personnel in the district courts-17, while he was taken for his regular hearing. In his complaint to police, deputy superintendent of jail Amandeep Singh, stated, \"Alam was being frisked at Deodhi gate by jail warden when the drug was recovered.\" A case under the NDPS Act was registered against Alam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16498197", "title": "50-yr-old hangs self", "text": "JAIPUR: A 50-year-old property dealer committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling of a room in his house in Subhash Chowk police station area late on Thursday night.According to the police, the deceased, identified as Sunil Srivastava, was a resident of Chankya Marg and ran a firm called Rising Star.\"His family members found him hanging around 12.30 am on Friday. He was immediately rushed to SMS Hospital where doctors declared him brought dead,\" said a police officer.The officer said what led him to take the extreme step is being investigated. \"We are yet to record the statement of the family members,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16496962", "title": "Oil companies plan worries consumers", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Petroleum companies have put their consumers in a tight spot by threatening to reduce the LPG cylinder supplies. Adding insult to injury, circulars are being issued to weed out bogus connections.According to sources, the LPG dealers have been instructed to stop supplies to the same address having more than one connection. The petroleum companies suspect that some consumers have multiple connections under different names and, hence, they should be weeded out. But oil companies have conveniently ignored the fact that there might be different families living under one roof with the same door number. Normally, a house with four or five small portions will have only one assessment number with regard to the property tax. This was legally allowed by the government as the tax was levied based on the extent of the land and structure and not based on the number of portions.For example, Vijayawada city has a population of over 8.5 lakhs, but the registered number of households is only 1.87 lakhs. If each household is considered to be having four people, the total population of the city should not exceed 7.48 lakh. That leaves our around one lakh, who should be living either as tenants or are residing in houses which are not assessed for property taxes. If the petroleum companies go ahead with the drive to weed out bogus connections based on door numbers, as many as 30,000 consumers would be losing their gas supply.Similarly, the decision of oil companies to implement the six cylinder rule from the current year itself has also created uproar among the common consumers as the dealers were asked not to release additional cylinders to those who already utilized three cylinders in the first half of the current year. \"It is ridiculous to stop supply of gas to those who already consumed three cylinders even before the petroleum ministry finalized the guidelines. Over enthusiasm of certain officials will bring disrepute to the government,\" observed Congress leader Kolanukonda Sivaji.As there is still 10 days to complete the first half of the year, there is no point in implementing the six cylinder rule hurriedly, he said. In fact, government is yet to give clarity on whether the LPG dealer should start collecting unsubsidised cost from 7th or 10th cylinder as the Congress high command had already asked its governments in the states to increase the subsidy cap to nine cylinders. Even if the government fixes a cap at nine cylinders per year, the oil companies have no need to stop bookings of a particular consumer in the middle of the year as there was no separate quota for first half year, second half year or monthly basis, observed LPG dealer Venkateswara Rao. He said that consumer should be allowed to take any number of cylinders provided he is prepared to pay the excess amount after exceeding the cap.Similarily, the oil companies asked the dealers to insist on production of ration card or ID proof by the consumers, despite knowing that it would not give desired results in weeding out bogus connections. With people protesting over this, administrations in some districts asked the consumers to at least produce no-ration card certificate.Earlier, the oil companies locked up thousands of connections where they found similar names on different connections. The companies asked consumers to visit the dealer to prove their identity for unlocking the connection. \"Oil companies are playing cruel jokes with consumers like us without cracking the whip on indiscriminate usage of cylinders by VVIPs and top officials,\" fumed Seethmahalakshmi, a housewife from Satyanarayanapuram.State in dilemma over LPG quotaHYDERABAD: The state government is dilly-dallying on the issue of raising the cap on subsidized LPG cylinders from six to nine per year even as the consumers await the government's final decision over Congress's directive to increase the quota. Sources said the government is worried as it will have to spend Rs 1,500 crore per annum towards subsidy if the LPG cylinder quota is increased. There are 1.6 crore gas connections in the state. Civil supplies minister D Sridhar Babu said the government had not received any communication from the Congress high command on increasing the quota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16499696", "title": "Cycle rally to mark World Car Free Day", "text": "KOCHI: A cycling 'Greenathon' will be held here on Saturday as part of the World Car Free Day celebrations . The rally will start from Rajendra Maidan and will conclude at Kaloor.The programme is being organized by the Indian green building council , society of energy engineers and managers (SEEM ), Cochin bikers club and junior chamber international (JCI), Vytilla.World Car Free Day is being observed every year on September 22 since 1994 to promote cycling and walking , and the development of communities where jobs are closer to home and where shopping is within walking distance . Various programmes will be held on the day to encourage motorists to give up their car for a day.Around 100 people are expected to participate in the cycle march , which will also coincide with the World green building week, SEEM Kerala chapter chairman C Jayaraman said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16500751", "title": "A tour to Animal Kingdom", "text": "Toddlers at Cherry Lane Play School had fun learning about domestic and wild animals during the 'Know Your Animal Day' conducted at the school on Friday. Kids played with animal toys and saw pictures of various species while grasping the names and traits of each animal. The school took the kids to a virtual journey to the jungle world where each toy animal sat with its favourite food. While the toy bear had a jar of honey, the monkey had bananas and sheep, cows, elephants and horses had hay. A cat had a fish in its claw, a mouse with cheese and rabbits had carrots. After being made aware of the animal kingdom , the kids were called upon a dais and questioned about animals' habitat, eating habits, sounds and other peculiar features. Toddlers answered which is the most faithful animal, most clever animal, most hardworking animal and which is the animal with stripes on its body. The toddlers received certificates of participation after the question round and were asked to imitate their favourite animal. School principal Charul Chowdhary said apart from making the kids familiar with the animals , school's objective was to bring a smile on their faces and make learning fun. Parents Poonam Kamra and Ravneet Kaur of BRS Nagar and Garima Dhavan of Apex Nagar were delighted to see their children enjoying the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "16502947", "title": "Girl disappears after arrest, finger at police", "text": "Garhwa: A 16-year-old has fled from the police custody allegedly with the help of assistant sub-inspector Dadan Sahu of Bhawnathpur police station following which hundreds of villagers surrounded the police station for about two hours.The villagers demanded suspension of Sahu and hoped the girl will return home safely.The daughter of Lallu Chero, a resident of Baigadih village under Arsalli panchayat of Bhawnathpur block was married to Nagendra Singh of Kachaipur village in Latehar district in April this year.\"After her marriage the girl had come to visit her parents at Baigadih village,\" police sources said. They also said that she was in love with Manoj Ram of the same village before her marriage.Both the girl and Manoj fled from their homes on August 19.Chero lodged an FIR on August 22 following which Sahu arrested them from Chamilwa village of Bhawnathpur police station.\"The duo was brought to the Garhwa court from where Manoj was sent to jail while the girl was taken to Garhwa Sadar Hospital for medical checkup. She was then brought to Bhawnathpur police station from where she disappeared,\" police said.While the girl's relatives have accused Sahu of helping her to flee, Sahu claimed he had handed over the girl to her relatives right after the medical checkup.Bhawnathpur police station officer in charge Balkrishna Bhagat said, \"The girl was handed over to her relatives. We are investigating to find out what went wrong and how the girl has disappeared.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "thiruvanthapuram", "code": "16499601", "title": "ATM robbers from Mohali", "text": "THIRUVANTHAPURAM: The recent series of ATM robberies in Kollam and Thiruvananthapuram districts caught even the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) off guard as robbers capitalised on a very weak computing system deployed by banks in their ATMs.Soon after the state police cracked down on the gang, RBI revised its computing measures and plugged the loophole.The gang comprised four persons hailing from Mohali in Punjab. They meddled with the banks' facility to re-credit money to the accounts of customers who lost the same during inaccurate transactions via ATMs. The ATMs of Federal Bank were targeted the most by these fraudsters. The accused, Kuldeep Singh, Sunny Gupta, Ramandeep S i n g h a n d S u m i t Gupta, have been arrested and are now in judicial custody. Circle inspector V Sugathan, Kollam East, who led the investigation, said that there was a reason why the accused flew all the way down to the state - the abundance of Federal Bank ATMs. This is how the accused defrauded the banks - they first withdrew money from their accounts with debit cards they procured through a friend at a multinational company, which had a tieup with a new generation bank. During the transaction, the accused would leave just one currency note in the bundle with the machine. The machine would retract the money and record the transaction as void.\"One day, the accused withdrew money from the ATM of Federal Bank in Mohali and forgot to report the matter to bank authorities. The very next day, when they checked the mini statement, they found that the bank had automatically re-credited the money. This is was when they decided to target the Federal Bank,'' the inspector said.During the 18 months the accused spend in the state, they also hit the ATMs of other new generation banks. They duped banks for over Rs 68 lakh during this period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16499269", "title": "Lucknow University SP netas resort to Sholay-style protest", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two supporters of the student leaders expelled by Lucknow University climbed a water tank on Friday in protest against the university decision. They demanded revocation of the expulsion order of 10 students, most of whom are linked to the Samajwadi Party .Enacting the famous scene from bollywood blockbuster Sholay, the two protesters, Anil Shukla and Vipin Rai, climbed a water tank near Subhash hostel at around 10.30am and began shouting anti-university slogans. Waiving the SP flag, they threatened to commit suicide if their demands were not met. They demanded probes into corruption cases at the university and the expulsion of 10 students. The students also complained of poor drinking water and mess facilities in the hostels and absence of ambulance for hostlers.The drama continued till 4pm after which the two students were brought down. LU officials, however, did not know whether the duo are students of the university.The proctorial board members who rushed to the spot tried to pacify the students but in vain. Additional proctor OP Shukla said, \"We tried to speak to the students but they threatened to commit suicide if the university did not agree to their demands. We told them that probe into the corruption cases is already underway. Regarding expulsion, we have asked them to submit their explanation to the university vice-chancellor.''The university will not take any action against Anil and Vipin and has allowed them to stage protest near Saraswati Vatika on the campus. Additional police force has been deployed on the campus to avoid any untoward incident.LU teachers, meanwhile, said that after the expulsion of 10 student leaders, other aspirants of the student union have become guarded to avoid a similar action. \"The incidents of violence have surely come down but the university administration needs to be vigilant round the clock till the elections are over,'' said a teacher. Another teacher added that the student leaders have vitiated the academic atmosphere and openly flouting the Supreme Court order based on Lyngdoh Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16502483", "title": "Aasu, 25 other bodies intensify influx stir", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All Assam Students' Union (Aasu) along with 25 other organisations representing various ethnic groups of the state took out protest marches across Assam on Friday, seeking urgent measures from the state government to detect and deport illegal Bangladeshis settled in the state.Student and youth activists joined hands with locals in Nagaon, Dhemaji, Golaghat and Bongaigaon districts and also in Mangaldoi and on Barpeta Road to intensify the ongoing stir against illegal migrants.In Nagaon in central Assam, known as a bastion of Aasu since the days of the Assam Agitation, a large number of protestors accompanied by litterateurs and artists took out a protest rally demanding deportation of illegal Bangladeshis from the district.While Aasu president Sankar Prasad Rai led a protest rally in Bongaigaon in western Assam, general secretary of the student union Tapan Kumar Gogoi took part in a protest programme organised at Barpeta Road in lower Assam.\"The most crucial issue in Assam today is that of illegal Bangladeshis. Unless the illegal immigrants are flushed out from Assam, peace can not return to the state,\" said Aasu president Sankar Prasad Rai.He lashed out at the Congress-led government at the Centre and in the state for not taking up the issue of illegal migrants seriously, even though illegal Bangladeshis are getting arrested in various parts of the state.In Dibrugarh, the proposed protest programme had to be postponed as the district is reeling under severe floods.The All Assam Tribal Sangha, an apex body of the tribal organisations of Assam, demanded immediate updating of the National Register of Citizens (NRC), taking March 25, 1971 as the cut-off date.Aditya Khakhlari, general secretary of the Sangha, pointed out that tribal-inhabited villages are shrinking due to encroachment by illegal Bangladeshis.\"At a time when the government has failed to give land pattas to thousands of tribal people in the state, especially in lower Assam districts, illegal Bangladeshis are encroaching on new areas,\" he said.Khakhlari said that the diverse cultures, languages and the political rights of the tribal communities in the state are under threat due to illegal influx of Bangladeshis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16497836", "title": "'Narayan was most certainly a Kannadiga'", "text": "BANGALORE: Was RK Narayan a Kannadiga? \"There's only one answer - yes !\" said Girish Karnad , who speaks Konkani, lives in Bangalore and has contributed immensely to theatre, literature and cinema, including the Kannada film industry.Yet, there is a furore over the legendary writer's identity, with well-known authors SL Bhyrappa, GS Shivarudrappa, LS Sheshagiri Rao, DA Shankar, G Venkatasubbiah, M Chidanandamurthy, GS Siddalingiah and Sumathindra Nadig recently opposing the idea of the government spending taxpayers' money to restore Narayan's bungalow in Mysore and convert it into a heritage structure.Who is a Kannadiga, finally? \"Narayan lived in Mysore, wrote about Malgudi, a place he created. That some people are saying he isn't a Kannadiga is absurd,\" says Karnad.Jnanpith awardee UR Ananthamurthy pointed out: \"Anyone who lives here and writes on the state is a citizen of Karnataka. He deserves all the honour -- whether the writing is in Tamil, Marathi, English or any other language. It's very mean on the part of those who have said Narayan is not a Kannadiga. I dislike such opposition intensely.\"Having reiterated that Narayan is as much a Kannadiga as they are, Anathamurthy and Karnad feel the idea of turning the author's house into a heritage site is different matter altogether. \"Whether Narayan's house should be turned into a memorial is a tricky question. Often, memorials in India become dead and dust-ridden, almost like ghost houses. This issue has nothing to do with the fact that Narayan is a Kannadiga,\" said Karnad.Ananthamurthy too isn't sure about the museum: \"I agree a suitable monument should be built in his memory. But, we could all have discussed whether the house should be converted into a heritage site or not.\"The bottomline, says Ananthamurthy, is that the people who have grown up reading Narayan are shunning him just because he spoke Tamil. \"I'd like to ask them: Aren't our children reading and writing in English?\" asked Ananthamurthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16500222", "title": "Faith is a many splendoured thing", "text": "The popular elephant-headed god is everywhere. From the narrow bylanes of Triplicane to the market area of Broadway, from Saidapet and T Nagar to Tambaram and beyond, more than 7,000 resplendent idols have lifted the monotony of routine. The idols, installed on Wednesday, Ganesh Chaturthi , will remain at street corners, huge puja pandals and other public places until the immersion on Sunday . All of them have been lovingly crafted out of environment-friendly articles, including flour and clay, and range from a towering 13 feet to ones just a foot tall. This year, idols made of Plaster of Paris have been banned and the height restricted to 13 feet, keeping into account flyovers in the city. Organisers are vying with each other to come up with the most innovative idol. One 'pandal' at Ennore had Shiva, Parvathi and Ganesha crafted together, and another had Ganesha being carried by Hanuman . The 'vahans' (vehicles ) were also different.Some had Ganesha on the back of Sooran, a mythological character associated with Lord Muruga, while others had him on peacocks, lions and eagles. One idol, in Triplicane, was made of paper-mache and decorated with sesame seeds.The themes were a l s o u n i q u e. Some depicted everyday issues such as the ratrelated accidents in gover nment hospitals to price rise and i n fl a - tion, others borrowed from recent Tamil blockbusters, while a few others took on the government for its unpopular measures like entry fee in temples. New Washermenpet , RK Nagar, Triplicane and Saidapet had the most number of idols. The Hindu Munnani, one of the biggest organisers, has installed at least 5,501 idols at different places.At Alwathirunagar, contrasting hues of Ganesha were projected by light and in Broadway, electronic idols of Goddesses Riddhi and Siddhi together with moving clay rats were a hit with devotees. \"The idols can cost anything from 1,000 to 15,000. All parts of the eco-friendly Ganeshas installed by Hindu Munnani were sourced from Panruti in Cuddalore distict and assembled in Chennai,\" said S S Murugesan , district secretary of the organisation. \"On Sunday, all the idols installed by the organisation in different parts of the city will be collected at Valluvar Kottam , Triplicane and Chennai Central before being taken to the sea off the Foreshore Estate for immersion,\" added Murugesan . The idols installed by other organisations will similarly be collected and immersed at different places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16502597", "title": "iPhone 5 effect? Galaxy S III, S II, Note go cheaper", "text": "Samsung has quietly reduced the prices of its top end phones in India by approximately Rs 2,000 to 3,000. The price cuts comes at a time when the South Korean manufacturer's chief rival Apple launched its latest device, the iPhone 5, which met with phenomenal success and looks set to break all sales records.On Samsung India's official e-store, the current flagship Galaxy S III is now priced at Rs 35,499, a drop of Rs 3,500. This device has received rave reviews from critics and buyers alike and has performed well on various benchmark tests. The Galaxy Note has also received a price cut in India, as it now costs Rs 29,990 on Samsung e-store in India. Previously, the 5.3-inch phablet cost Rs 32,990 in the country. Considering that the company has begun taking pre-orders for its successor, the Galaxy Note II, this price cut was expected by industry experts.Last year's flagship phone, the Samsung Galaxy S II, has also been subjected to a price cut and now costs Rs 25,900, down Rs 2,000 from Rs 27,900. The phone remains quite popular in India and comes with Ice Cream Sandwich version of Google's Android operating system. Prices of phones priced below Rs 20,000 remained unchanged on Samsung India's e-store. Samsung phones on contract received similar price cuts ahead of the iPhone 5 launch in the US and UK, making them more appealing to buyers who do not wish to burn a hole in their pockets for a new high-end phone.Considering that Samsung decided to slash the prices of its top end offerings just when the iPhone 5 was rolled out worldwide, it seems that the company is trying to gain buyers' attention through an aggressive pricing strategy. However, it remains to be seen whether this move will bring some Apple loyalists to Samsung stores or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497244", "title": "50-year-old eyes world record for solo bike ride", "text": "MUMBAI: It took 13 years and his 50th birthday for Girish Mylandla to fall in love with solo bike rides all over again. An entrepreneur by profession and explorer by choice, Girish is attempting to set a new world record for solo ride within a country by covering more than 18,303 km in 50 days.\"Solo riding is a lesser known phenomenon in India and I want to raise awareness about it by attempting this record. Credit also goes to the current record holder Mohsin Haq who has inspired me to take up this task,\" said Girish, who started his journey on September 12 from Chennai and was in the city on Wednesday. This feat will take him across 28 states and five union territories of India (excluding Andaman and Nicobar Islands and Lakshadweep ). \"I wanted to start my journey on September 2, which marked my 50th birthday, but could not due to financial reasons. Now I can't wait to finish this goal I have set for myself,\" added Girish.The current record in this category is held by Mumbaikar Mohsin Haq who completed 18,301 km by covering the length and breadth of the country in 56 days. Girish is trying to beat this record by covering over 18,302 km in 50 days. His last solo ride was in 1999 when he had covered 14,240 km in 67 days. \"My 19-year-old bike has accompanied me on every solo trip, so I chose the same bike for the greatest trip of my life,\" Girish added.Apart from his own determination, what helps him aim higher every time is the support from his family and friends. \"My wife is as adventurous as me and supports me wholeheartedly. Earlier, she used to be worried because she never knew where I was during my long sojourns but now, she tracks me via GPS,\" said Girish, whose next destination is Daman and Diu. \"I have charted out my route and journey well in advance and I hope there will be no problem till I finish the journey,\" said Girish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16502031", "title": "RiRi posts pic of naked stripper between her legs", "text": "Rihanna has posted her naughtiest photo yet, with a naked stripper between her legs.The singer tweeted \"I feel a sin comin on\" before heading off to a local strip club with her friends.Shortly afterwards, the 24-year-old popstar had a naked woman writhing between her legs with hands over her breasts and notes stuffed into her mouth, the Mirror reported.Rihanna captioned the picture by writing \"Bands ah make her dance,\" which is a lyric by Juicy J.Rihanna was criticised for posting similar photos earlier this year in New York, with the star seen slipping notes into a stripper's bejewelled behind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497920", "title": "Loan hope for vocational pupils", "text": "MUMBAI: Over the years, education loans have become the lifeline for bright students with ambitious plans but without adequate financial support. But they are slowly becoming inaccessible for the needy.A management faculty has recognized this flaw and developed a financial product that will address the problem. To begin with, it will help vocational education aspirants get credit to pursue their dreams. His model, interestingly, makes good business sense for banks, too, and they are now more than willing to grant loans to such students across India.Nimish Mehta, a researcher at Dr Reddy's Cell for Employability and Skill Development at the Indian School of Business, says the Prime Minister's wish to develop a skilled workforce was launched with a lot of fanfare but didn't its feasibility was not considered, especially in terms of financing the students.Mehta says the answer is a credit guarantee fund and micro loans through public sector banks. It will be akin to an educational loan that is collateral free and will be tied to the future earning potential of the candidates, and not their present financial condition.The National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) and the ISB joined hands to convince banks to extend credit to such students. The NSDC provides a first loss default guarantee to banks offering loans to vocational students, said Dilip Chenoy, CEO of NSDC.India is looking at being home to 150 million trained people by 2022. The skill development gap, a decade later, is projected to be 500 million.Although the tuition for a vocational course isn't much\u2014a three-month programme, for example, costs anywhere between Rs 8,000 and Rs 30,000\u2014Mehta believes that if the quality of training improves, it will push up the cost of education and fees at ITIs will also rise. \"As students will be required to pay more, access to loans will become crucial. In fact, allowing trainers to charge the market rate will also pull big trainers to start skill development schools,\" Mehta told TOI.This, in turn, will push the sector into a higher orbit in terms of the quality of training. \"A loan product as this is essential, or the entire mission will collapse,\" Mehta adds. So far, 100 students have taken loans for their education. Currently, the Central Bank of India is backing the scheme and the NSDC has offered it Rs 10 crore as the first loss default guarantee; more banks are waiting to see how the experiment rolls out before they can jump in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16498816", "title": "Cong wants MLAs, Gauns, Alvares to discuss mining", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress in Goa have demanded that the government hold a special one-day session of the Goa legislative assembly to deliberate on the looming threat to the livelihoods of mining affected people following government's hasty ban on mining.Briefing the media, Congress spokesperson Sudip Tamankar on Friday said that not only should all 40 MLAs deliberate on the issue, but the government should also involve environmentalists like Claude Alvares and Ramesh Gauns.Tamankar blamed chief minister Manohar Parrikar for the suicide death of suspended mining department official Dattatraya Bhave, and for the overall mining mess in Goa.Tamankar also demanded that the chief minister should give up the mining portfolio. Stating that Parrikar's threat to file FIRs against various people due to the mining issue had caused mental torture to Bhave, Tamankar said that he would file an FIR against Parrikar for abetting the suicide of Bhave. He also rebuked Parrikar for offering to draw up a financial package to the mining affected saying that if Parrikar could not help the handful of number plate painters affected by the HSRP issue, how could he help so many mining affected people.Tamankar also said the mining affected include barge owners, truck drivers, mechanics, mining workers and even people owning vulcanizing workshops. Even the sale of diesel will be affected and the revenue of the transport department will fall, Tamankar said, adding that Parrikar's so-called talks with banks to help out the mining affected people is a sham. \"Who is Parrikar to re-schedule the bank loans?\" Tamankar asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16496908", "title": "Child kidnapped, killed in Ghaziabad over parking row", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A boy, few months short of his second birthday, was kidnapped, murdered and left in a drain in Vijay Nagar area of Ghaziabad allegedly over an argument over parking space on Friday. Six people have been arrested in this regard.The child, Raghav, was allegedly kidnapped at 10.30am on Thursday and taken away forcibly in a tempo. \"The child was kidnapped by my neighbours Rahul and his wife Dhanno. They had tempted him with food. The couple then handed over the child to their tenants who took him away,\" said Narendra Kumar , the child's father.Police said the child was handed over by the couple to their four tenants \u2014 Sonu, Monu, Ramesh Pal and Sateesh.\"They took the child away in a tempo. The child's grandfather saw the snatching and tried to stop them, but they managed to get away,\" said a police officer.The child remained missing for the remainder of the day and despite repeated attempts on the part of the family to trace Raghav, he was not found.According to a neighbour, Naresh Yadav, the kidnapping took place due to an argument about parking space of a TSR vehicle. \"There were repeated arguments between our neighbour and the tenants about them parking their TSR vehicle outside the house. This kidnapping was a result of these arguments,\" said Naresh Yadav.According to the police, the dead body of the child was thrown into a drain by the accused four tenants at 6am on Friday.\"I saw the four of them throw the body of the child into the drain. I immediately raised an alarm and all four of them were caught,\" said Satendra Kumar, who lives in the neighbourhood and was taking a morning walk at the time.According to the police, the child was immediately rushed to MMG hospital in Ghaziabad where the doctors declared him dead.\"We had initially taken in seven people from the area for questioning. Following that we have arrested six people and booked them under the relevant sections of murder and kidnapping,\" said R K Dwivedi, SHO, Vijay Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16501537", "title": "Father withdraws plaint against school, teacher", "text": "Bhopal: The Shivani suicide case took a u-turn on Friday as her father decided not to pursue the case any further. Keeping the interest of other students' future in mind, Hriday Narayan Tomar, father of Shivani Tomar, student of class X, who committed suicide on September 14, wrote a letter to the district education officer (DEO) on Friday that he would not press for any further action against the school or the teachers anymore.Meanwhile, the probe report revealed that the teacher who tore Shivani's exam copy was at fault.Shivani committed suicide by hanging after the teachers of G B Convent School allegedly insulted her for cheating and tore off her answer sheet in the examination hall for cheating.Block education officer (BEO) Phanda Narendra Sharma who was in the inspection team probing the suicide case told TOI, \"The father of the student has written to the DEO stating that keeping the future of the other students in mind, he has withdrawn all complaints against the school and would not be pressing for any further action. He has taken this step in public interest.\"Tomar had in the past threatened to stage dharna outside chief minister's residence if an FIR was not lodged against teachers Meena Jain, Sanjay Malviya and Principal Vimlesh Thakur.BEO added that Tomar had written that the school has always been helpful and forthcoming towards his children and had waived their fees in the past. Also parents of students came to him pleading that if he presses for strict action, school's affiliation would be in danger and the so would be the future of their children.\"This is a big step for a father to take. It shows a big heart ,\" said Sharma. He added that the school has also waived the fees for his two children; son in class II and daughter in class VI of the school.Talking about the inspection report sent by the school authorities on Friday, he said, \"The complete inspection shows that the teacher Meena Jain was at fault. She should not have torn Shivani's answer sheets in public. Nowhere is it mentioned in the law that such action should be taken against a student caught for using unfair means. Besides, having known the past academic record of Shivani, a more sensitive approach should have been adopted by someone who has an experience of 20 years of teaching.\"Shivani was a bright student with an average of 80% marks in her past years. The inspection report also revealed that Shivani only engaged in cheating to help out her friend during the exam.\"Post-mortem report has not arrived yet even though it has been a week since the incident,\" said Sharma. The police are yet to register a case.\"A notice would be sent to the school from the DEO that henceforth such matters should be dealt with sensitively. Also, strict action would be taken against those found responsible for the unfortunate incident,\" added Sharma.On the other hand, state commission for protection of child rights ( SCPCR) has said that they would write to the SP and town inspector (TI) of Bajaria police station for their inspection reports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497118", "title": "India, Pakistan vow to end curbs to boost trade", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Pakistan on Friday moved forward to deepen trade and economic ties vowing to end restrictions on trade through the land route, exploring better railways and air connectivity and promoting investments between the two countries.The two nations have taken baby steps in the past few months to repair trade ties, which analysts say will have a positive impact on political relations. Pakistan has agreed to normalize trade and grant the Most Favoured Nation (MFN) status to India by the end of the year, which would facilitate greater trade between the two nuclear-armed neighbours.The commerce secretaries of the two countries, who met for the seventh round of talks in Islamabad, signed three agreements, including redressal of trade grievances and co-operation and mutual assistance in Customs matters.The two sides reiterated that the roadmap drawn in the earlier ministerial meetings for liberalized and preferential trade regimes would be \"scrupulously adhered to\". Pakistan also informed that the issue of removal of restrictions on trade through the land route has been moved to the Cabinet and assured that a decision is expected to be notified before the end of next month.According to a joint statement issued at the end of the two-day talks, the two sides emphasized the need for more trade through the rail route. The Indian Railways has agreed that specifications provided by Pakistan Railways for high capacity wagons would be examined within two months.Experts say huge potential exists for increasing trade from the current level of $2.7 billion and some estimates it can be raised to $10 billion. India and Pakistan have also opened the second gate at the Attari-Wagah border, which is expected to boost the flow of trade.A joint working group would be formed before November 15, which would work out a more liberalized regime of reciprocal bilateral rights for commercial flights. The group will also explore mechanism for more efficient courier services between the two countries.Businessmen from both sides of the border complain about the poor connectivity between the two nations and cite it as an obstacle for deeper economic engagement. There is no direct air connectivity between New Delhi and Islamabad.Both sides agreed to encourage two-way investment and acknowledged that procedures need to be simplified to enhance investor confidence.The commerce secretaries noted the need to strengthen border infrastructure and it was decided to hold meetings of the customs liaison border committee on a monthly basis and the land Customs stations would operate seven days a week.The two sides also discussed the possibilities of better telecommunications linkages keeping in view the requirement of business communities on both sides for international roaming. \"It was agreed that separate sub-groups on either side would take forward this dialogue. Commerce secretaries would review thereafter,\" the statement said.India also said it was willing to consider export of 5 million cubic metres of gas per day for five years. Pakistan said they are considering India's offer. State-run BHEL also offered to cooperate to set up a 500-2,000 MW coal, hydro or gas power plants. India also offered to supply 100 locomotives to Pakistan Railways.\"The commerce secretaries also reviewed the progress on other issues such as enhanced trade for petroleum products, trade in power and reciprocal opening of bank branches,\" the statement said.\"Based on this review, the commerce secretaries exhorted the relevant stakeholders on both sides to speed up the mutual consultations so that concrete progress is achieved within the next six months,\" it added.Both sides also reviewed the possibility of greater trade cooperation in sectors such as agriculture and information technology. Cooperation for increasing cotton yield in Pakistan through trials of suitable Bt cotton seeds, would be give more focused attention, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "16498796", "title": "NCP leaders to recommend collector's transfer", "text": "BHANDARA: It seems Nationalist Congress Party leaders are upset with the district administration for not giving enough credit to MP and heavy industries minister Praful Patel for attracting funds for projects under corporate social responsibility (CSR) scheme.In the line of fire is collector SP Singh, who has allegedly shown indifference to Patel's contribution in getting CSR funds for his Bhandara Gondia Parliamentary constituency. NCP MLC Rajendra Jain and chairman of Bhandara district central cooperative bank Sunil Funde, who is also one's of Patel trusted aides, are demanding Singh's transfer within two months, it is learnt.The demand came up after a meeting held last week under the chairmanship of the collector, which was attended by Rajendra Jain and Sunil Funde among others. An officer from Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL), submitted progress report on CSR projects undertaken in villages of Sakoli assembly constituency. Notably, BHEL is one of the industries that falls under Patel's ministry.When Jain and Funde questioned the officer about whom he had consulted before submitting the report, he informed that Sakoli assembly constituency MLA Nana Patole was briefed about the works. Since Patole is from the rival party, this seemed to have ruffled the feathers of the two NCP leaders.Jain and Funde reportedly took the BHEL officer to task and even asked the collector to make it known to everybody that the funds are coming due to Patel's initiative. \"However, Singh told us that he is not concerned with the political agenda and only wants proper implementation of CSR projects,\" said Funde.This statement of the collector added fuel to the fire. \"We have now decided to apprise Patel of the happenings in the meeting and recommend the collector's transfer within two months,\" said Funde.going on in his assembly constituency, this very act of BHEL officer triggered anger in the minds of both NCP leaders, because MLA Patole is the arch rival of their leader Praful Patel, they scolded him in the meeting, they asked collector that CSR funds are brought by Praful Patel and there is a hidden agenda behind it, so it shall be known to the villagers that works are being done at the behest of Praful Patel, collector SP Singh told them that he is not concerned with political agenda, he is concerned with proper implementation of CSR projects. this has also added fuel in the fire .Huge funds are to be pumped in rural area through implementation of corporate social responsibility projects it's implementation has also begun , but NCP is aggrieved by the approach of district administration as enough importance is not given to their leader Praful Patel who has brought CSR funds to both the districts.Praful patel is the heavy industries minister in central cabinet there are many industrial companies under his ministry, BHEL is one of them. Every corporate company is having CSR funds and from these funds various schemes of physical and social infrastructure are implemented, due to Praful Patel CSR funds are diverted to Bhandara Gondia parliamentary constituency as he is member of parliament from this constituency. he himself had taken the initiative which resulted in funding to several projects. Tata I Institute of Social Sciences has conducted baseline survey of 32 villages of both the districts and submitted it's report, as per report there is unavailability of potable drinking water and water for irrigation,lack of proper sanitation facilities,lack of sufficient and sustainable livelihood options, lack of proper infrastructure and skill building and training of youth, in these five core areas schemes were suggested to fill up the gap .entire schemes are to be implanted through government agencies.Last week there was a meeting of officers of various agencies under chairmanship of collector, NCP MLC Rajendra Jain and chairman of Bhandara district central cooperative bank Sunil Funde who is also the trusted lieutenant of Praful Patel were also present in the meeting , in the meeting one of the officer of BHEL was submitting progress report of implementation of the projects in villages of Sakoli assembly constituency, when Raju Jain and Sunil Funde asked officer whom he had consulted , officer replied that he met Sakoli assembly constituency MLA Nana Patole and briefed him about the works going on in his assembly constituency, this very act of BHEL officer triggered anger in the minds of both NCP leaders, because MLA Patole is the arch rival of their leader Praful Patel , they scolded him in the meeting , they asked collector that CSR funds are brought by Praful Patel and there is a hidden agenda behind it , so it shall be known to the villagers that works are being done at the behest of Praful Patel , collector SP Singh told them that he is not concerned with political agenda, he is concerned with proper implementation of CSR projects .this has also added fuel in the fire .After conclusion of meeting both NCP leaders have decided to acquaint Praful Patel with the straight forwardness of collector and his rigid approach to CSR, they will complain against collector and will recommend his transfer within two months, collector like SP Singh is intolerable to them and he shall be shown exit gate within two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16499719", "title": "Laughter guru in Kochi today", "text": "KOCHI: Madan Kataria, founder of Laughter Yoga Foundation , will be in Kochi on Saturday to teach the city residents a few lessons in relaxation . Rotary Clubof Ernakulam isorganizing \"Common Kochi, Let's Laugh\" , a workshop on laughter yoga at Hotel Abad Plaza . Laughter yoga is designed to uselaughter tokeep stress and anxiety atbay.Kataria combines breathing techniques with self-triggered laughter to make laughter yoga a popular and effective form of exercise . Known as the guru of giggling , Kataria has developed laughter yoga as a cure for all ailments , including stress-related health problems , hypertension , allergy and arthritis . The programme will be heldfrom 3pm to6pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16502834", "title": "AR nabs two militantss", "text": "IMPHAL: Assam Rifles troops apprehended two rebels with plastic explosives and four hand grenades. This came in the wake of the frequent bomb attacks on security forces at various places in Imphal Valley.On hearing of the movement of two persons, who were planning to carry out attacks on security forces, Assam Rifles personnel along with Thoubal district police commandos launched a joint operation at Heirok Part II in the district on Thursday.One of the suspects began running when he saw the troops approaching him, but the effective cordon, laid by the troops, apprehended him. The other person hid in a nearby paddy field. However, the troops managed to catch him, an Assam Rifles statement said. The individuals were identified as Oinam Beanrjit Meetei (18) of Moreh, an active member of Kangleipak Communist Party (Noyon) and Laishram Budha Singh (27) of Heirok II.Initial interrogation revealed their links with the IED blast on September 14 at Heirok, which wounded a BSF jawan. The two also revealed that they were to hurl grenades at security forces in Thoubal and Imphal and also plant an IED on National Highway 102, connecting Churachandpur and Ukhrul via Imphal.After thorough search of the area, the troops recovered two kg of plastic explosives, four Chinese hand grenades and one 9 mm pistol, the statement said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16499339", "title": "Trains resume near flooded Dudhwa track", "text": "LUCKNOW: The movement of trains on Gonda-Mailani metre gauge rail section was restored on Friday morning. The rail track between Paliakalan-Dudhwa was closed after the track got flooded on Thursday afternoon.Meanwhile, railways is running a drive against passengers travelling with explosive and inflammable substances in trains. Besides, action is also being taken against those found smoking in trains. Passengers can complain against persons travelling with explosive and inflammable substance or smoking on board trains on helpline numbers -- 0551 2202964 and 9794845955. Those travelling with explosive material can face upto three years of imprisonment or fine of Rs 1,000 or both under the Indian Railway Act. On the other hand, smokers will have to pay up Rs 200 as fine under the Indian Railway Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16501866", "title": "Kate would be perfect Bond girl, says ex 007 babe", "text": "Duchess Kate would be the perfect Bond Girl, according to actress Britt Ekland , who played 007 babe Mary Goodnight .However, the 69-year-old actress, who starred with Roger Moore in 'The Man with the Golden Gun,' did have some bikini advice for the Duchess of Cambridge.\"One thing I don't agree with though is sunbathing naked,\" the Mirror quoted her as saying.\"In my 70 years, I have never let my boobs be damaged by the sun. Face okay, boobs no,\" she said.It comes after the recent scandal surrounding pictures of Kate topless which were published in a French magazine.Swedish beauty Ekland reckons the way that the Duchess handled the furore proves just why she is the perfect candidate to be 007's love interest.\"A Bond Girl has to be a superwoman. The Duchess of Cambridge would be perfect - she has a presence, is strong and feminine,\" she said.\"A Bond Girl must also be efficient, classy and have business skills - plus be comfortable with foreign travel and weekend trips to the country house.\"She should also work out at the gym - though I never went to the gym, I just looked like that,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16497761", "title": "72% urban Indians prone to heart disease", "text": "BANGALORE: Catching them young perhaps best sums up the growing incidence of heart diseases among young Indians. Now, a survey has put a rough estimate to the numbers affected by cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). Around 72% of urban Indians are at risk of CVDs, says the survey conducted on more than a lakh Indians in various metros. What's alarming is that 64% of those surveyed between 30 and 34 years of age were at risk of developing heart diseases.The study released on Friday was conducted by Saffolalife in association with the Indian Public Health Association (IPHA) over the past two years with a sample size of 1,12,000 urban Indians in 12 cities.The study points out that 75% of men in the age group of 30-34 years have a CVD risk. An equally high number between 35-39 years also are at a similar risk. Women, on the other hand, are not so prone, with only 57% women in their 50s falling in the bracket. \"The reasons can be varied for this gender disparity. Men tend to drink and smoke more than women. They travel more and eat out more. The risk factor is also comparatively low in the younger age groups in women because of the cardio-protective cover of the female hormone (estrogen),\" said Manjari Chandra, consultant nutritionist, Nutritionist Republic.However, about 72% of women in the 40-44 age-group are at high risk of CVD, as against the 57% in their 30s, probably because of less physical activity and low levels of HDL. In all, among people between 40 and 44 years of age, the percentage of 'at risk' population goes up to nearly 80%. The study, interestingly, did not find a difference between metro and non metro respondents.Body mass index (BMI) and HDL (high density lipo-proteins) are common indicators for those at CVD risk. \"Nationally, the study found that 59% of those surveyed between 30 and 49 years had high risk levels of cholesterol and an additional 61% in the 30-49 year age group had dangerously low levels of 'good' HDL cholesterol. A total of 66% of the respondents aged 30-49 years, who were at risk of CVD, were obese and the rise in BMI levels showed an increasing trend as age increased,\" the study stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kanyakumari", "code": "16499571", "title": "Mother, children run over by train", "text": "KANYAKUMARI: A 25-year-old woman and her children aged four and five years were hit by a speeding train at Marthandam in Kanyakumari district. The woman died on the spot while the children died at the hospital.Police said that preliminary inquiries have revealed that the woman was seen by the public walking in the locality moments before the accident seeking directions to a house. However, police said that they are yet to find if it was a case of suicide or an accident. \"Eyewitnesses said that she appeared to be normal asking for directions. But she did not leave the place and was walking in the same locality for some time. So, we are yet to clear our suspicion whether she attempted suicide or it was an accident,\" a police officer said. He said that the woman had some domestic problems and the police are also inquiring if that could have prompted her to take the extreme step.Police said that public had heard cries of children close to a tunnel through which a railway track passed near Marthandam from Kulithurai railway station. When they rushed to the spot, they found a body of a woman along the tracks. Close to the body were two children struggling for life with severe injuries. The public immediately informed the police. Since there was a delay in the ambulance reaching the spot, the public themselves rushed the children to the medical college hospital at Asaripallam. However, the two children died after treatment failed.Meanwhile, the railway police sent the body of the woman to the government hospital for postmortem. The police found notebooks of the children at the accident spot that contained a cellular phone number. When police contacted the number, it was found to be the number of the woman's husband Justin, a car driver from Vettamangalam near Thengaipattinam. Justin revealed that the woman was his wife Ajitha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16502057", "title": "Jennifer Hudson eyeing Aretha Franklin's role", "text": "US Singer Jennifer Hudson used a surprise performance on Tuesday to strengthen her chances to win a role as \"The Queen of Soul\" Aretha Franklin in an upcoming film.The 32-year-old actress/singer appeared in a short dress and sang a medley of hits by Franklin and Whitney Houston at a 125th anniversary party for the late newspaper magnate William Randolph Hearst.\"She introduced the [Franklin] song ' Oh Me Oh My ' and said it was her plan to portray Aretha someday,\" the New York Post quoted a source, as saying.\"Jennifer then asked the audience, 'Is anyone listening?' to imply someone in the crowd should give her that role,\" she said.Franklin has mentioned a wish list of supporting actors for her life story - including Terrence Howard , Denzel Washington , Audra McDonald , Nia Long and Kerry Washington - but has not endorsed any actress to play her role, since floating Halle Berry's name early last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "16503008", "title": "Clash marks zila parishad meet", "text": "GARHWA: A meeting of the zila parishad was marred by heated arguments between supporters of the chairperson and members on Friday.The meeting, with zila parishad chairperson Sushma Mehta at the chair, disrupted for two hours following \"wrong\" remarks of zila parishad member Kanchan Kesri who addressed the chairperson as the head of pramukhs instead of the zila parishad. Kesri's remarks created chaotic scenes during the meeting. However zila parishad secretary-cum-Garhwa DDC Ravindra Prasad Singh pacified the members.Kesri complained that the proposals taken in the proceedings in the meetings were not complied. However, the chairperson appealed to the members to maintain discipline. She called upon the members and block pramukhs to extend their cooperation for the development of the district.Sources in the meeting said Kesri deliberately attacked the chairperson. \"The two are not on good terms,\" said the source.The DDC said two vehicles would be purchased from the zila parishad funds. He said the allotted Rs 3.42 crore under the backward region grant fund (BRGF) would be provided to the executing agency for development schemes on a war footing.\"The district superintendent of education (DSE) has been directed to provide a list of those schools which have been languishing because of lack of proper buildings and lack of boundary walls,\" said the DDC.Officials of various departments were present in the meeting except the district cooperative officer against whom a show-cause notice has been issued. \"The officer has been asked to explain the reason behind his absence from the important meeting,\" the DDC added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16500724", "title": "Narmada pipeline project work in flow", "text": "INDORE: With Khajrani Mosque Committee agreeing to part with a portion of its land for laying a 3-meter Narmada pipeline, work continued on the second day with the opening up of water pipeline that passes through the mosque.\"The work on the existing pipeline started at around 10.30 am and continued till late in the afternoon. It resumed after the afternoon namaz,\" said a member of the Committee Shakeel Ansari.On Wednesday, a portion of the mosque was demolished including a shed to pave way for the BRTS and laying 3-metre pipeline of the Narmada project.The district administration said that the demolition work was being done with consent of the committee members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16500491", "title": "City education baron surrenders, granted bail", "text": "PUNE: City education baron M N Navle on Friday surrendered before a magisterial court, which granted him bail following an out-of-court settlement with the complainant.Navle's lawyers S K Jain and Pratap Pardeshi filed a surrender plea before the court and submitted that he and Pawan Gandhi Charitable Trust (PGCT) have settled their dispute over land in Mulshi taluka. However, senior police inspector Manohar Joshi of the Deccan Gymkhana police, said, \"We have nothing to do with the out-of-court settlement between Navle and PGCT. We will soon file chargesheet against Navle in the court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16497923", "title": "Families of Indians detained in Kuwait seek state help", "text": "JAIPUR: Thousands of families in the southern Rajasthan are facing sleepless nights since Wednesday when several Indians were detained by the Kuwait police for alleged visa abuse.Fearing police atrocities, these families have approached the state government, which in turn, has sought the intervention of the external affairs ministry to resolve the issue and ensure safe return of the Indians.Of the nearly 2500 Indians detained, at least 1,800 belong to southern Rajasthan which includes Udaipur, Dungarpur and Banswara districts.Most of them had gone to Kuwait on 'khadim visa' which allows one to work as a domestic help in the country. The Kuwait police, however, alleged that the Indians were working in corporate houses or industries, thereby, violating the visa norms.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot has asked authorities to monitor the situation and prepare a factual report on the crisis.Congress MP from Udaipur Raghuveer Meena said, \"I will contact the Indian high commissioner in Kuwait to take up the issue and apprise the government too.\"Since media reports started tricking in, the affected families have been trying hard to reach their near and dear ones in Kuwait. \"I left a message on my cousin's Facebook account nearly 12 hours ago, but have received no response,\" said Moin Khan , a resident of Mahawatwari area in Udaipur. Several are glued to their television sets to get regular updates.Khan said he had no idea that his cousin too was travelling on a khadim visa. His cousin and others were detained by the police in Isthakala city, an industrial town with a large Indian population.Most Indians, a majority of whom are from southern districts of Rajasthan, who wish to go to Kuwait for jobs are often tricked by agents, said activists. \"Most of them are illiterate and don't understand the nature of the visa they are being given. They end up being exploited,\" said Ashfaq Kaimkhany, a social activist who has rescued Indians from the Shekhawati region stranded in gulf countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497755", "title": "Court relief for trustee of south Mumbai church", "text": "MUMBAI: A sessions court on Thursday granted interim protection against arrest to a trustee of the Kolkata-based Indian Church Trustees in an alleged criminal case involving prime property of Afghan Church in south Mumbai.Prem Masih, the trustee, who resides on August Kranti Marg filed for anticipatory bail. The judge after hearing his lawyer R V Govilkar ordered the Cuffe Parade police station release Masih on interim anticipatory bail of Rs 10,000 with a personal bond until his plea is decided.The matter will now be heard on October 5. An ex-Bishop from Pune has been held and remanded in police custody till Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16499144", "title": "China woos neighbours in sea spat with Japan", "text": "BEIJING: China's president in waiting Xi Jinping on Friday extended a hand of friendship towards its sea neighbours including Vietnam and the Philippines , who are engaged in disputes with Beijing over the ownership of islands in the South China Sea.But Xi, who is at present the vice president, also sent a signal that China is unlikely to give up its claims on the issue of territory. He was speaking at a meeting of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations in the southern Chinese city of Nanning. \"We are firm in safeguarding China's sovereignty, security and territorial integrity and are committed to resolving differences with neighbours concerning territorial and maritime rights and interests through friendly negotiations,\" Xi said.The remark shows China is prepared to tackle disputes on different fronts though it is at present involved in sword clanging with Japan over an island in East China Sea.It is trying to take away an island, which is at present under control of Vietnam. India's ONGC is involved in oil exploration in this disputed island.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16498683", "title": "Blending Indian beats with German", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Musical resilience and festivity is all set to dawn at Panjab University campus with the Indo German jazz concert being hosted next week.The department of German at PU along with Goethe Institute (German centre) has invited an Indo German band \"Karuna Kshetra\" on September 24 for the concert. The group will be arriving from Berlin and will also perform in Bangalore, Delhi and other cities. The event is being organized on the occasion of completing 60 years of Indo-German diplomatic relations.\"There was an unprecedented response from students and faculty to the German concert last year. We have decided to conduct another annual concert and are inviting all PU departments to be a part of it,\" said J N Sharma, faculty member at the department of German.Last year, a huge gathering awaited the German rock concert at university's law auditorium, which included youngsters from all age groups. \"Not just students, even faculty members have given us a fantastic feedback of the German jazz concert last year. We invited the German delegates to visit the city, who had only been coming to concerts in metros and big cities,\" adds Sharma.Karuna Kshetra was formed in 2003 by a German musician Rainer Pusch and carnatic vocalist Manickam Yogeswaran. The band has been experimenting with different rhythms, mixing South Indian carnatic music and western jazz. The band includes Yogeswaran, Rainer Pusch on saxophone, Jigmee Dorjee Sherpa on guitar, bass musician Abhishek Mangla and Reuben Narain on drums.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16498974", "title": "Release of Khadakwasla water into canal reduced", "text": "PUNE: Less water will be released from Khadakwasla dam into the Mutha right bank canal for irrigation requirements. Irrigation department officials say the water has decreased from 1,356 cusecs, released for the last 40 days, to 325 cusecs, since less water is needed now for the crops.The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) also lifts some water from the canal and the officials have clarified that the supply of drinking water to the city would not be hampered.\"The PMC will be able to lift water from the canal to supply it to the city. Besides this, water is also being released via the closed pipeline to meet the drinking water requirements of the city,\" said officials.They said the irrigation department would hold a meeting of the canal committee around October 15 so that a further schedule of water release can be drawn up, after taking into consideration the water storage in dams. The officials said it would be premature to decide about water distribution at this point of time and they would wait till the monsoon had withdrawn.Temghar, Varasgaon, Panshet and Khadakwasla, the four dams which supply water to the city, have a total storage capacity of about 29.5 TMC. Of this, 14.5 TMC water is released for Pune city's requirements and the remaining water for agricultural activities. Around 1.5 TMC water is also released for the industries and municipal councils, including Daund and Indapur.On Friday evening the four dams had a collective storage of 27.44 TMC, which is 94.10% of their total capacity. Panshet dam was 100% full, Varasgaon and Temghar were 98.15% and 88.72% full respectively, and Khadakwasla dam was 45.72% full. Pavana dam, which provides water to Pimpri-Chinchwad, reached its maximum capacity a couple of weeks ago.The irrigation department so far has released more than 3 TMC water from the dams. Officials are hopeful that the catchment areas will get some more rain. The canal committee will be in a better position to plan water release schedules if the dams get completely filled by October, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16499470", "title": "'More research centres needed for agri development in Bihar'", "text": "PATNA: All three research centres, Litichi Research Centre, Muzaffarpur, Makhana Research Centre, Darbhanga, and Maize Research Centre, Begusarai, which have been wallowing in neglect, are desperately in need of facelift. This was the view of agriculture minister Narendra Singh at a two-day meet of Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) here on Friday.The litchi and makhana research centres were opened under the aegis of ICAR at the initiative of Nitish Kumar when he was union agriculture minister.Inaugurating the ICAR's regional committee eastern region meet, Singh said that establishment of rice, pulse and oilseeds research centres, apart from the uplift of the three centres, are also needed in the state. \"Bihar is probably the only state where paddy is grown in flood water. The state also have both drought-hit and flood-prone areas. So, research centres can play a very crucial role in the development of state agriculture,\" Singh said.The minister also stressed on making hybrid seeds, developed in various agriculture universities of the country, available to farmers at cheaper rates as these are sold at very high rate by MNCs and urged ICAR to expedite the work for making Rajendra Agriculture University, Pusa, a central university. \"The council should also rejuvenate and open new Krishi Vigyan Kendras (KVKs) in the country,\" he said.Council DG S Ayyappan, in his presidential address, assured to take up measures in this regard. \"The agriculture universities of the state should fill up vacancies of subject specialists at KVKs,\" he said and lauded the measures taken by state government for Green and Rainbow revolutions.Ayyappan further said the ICAR meet would also focus on studying the climate change on agriculture and acid soil management.Animal husbandry and fishery resources minister Giriraj Singh highlighted the role of animals, poultry and fisheries in bringing about Rainbow Revolution in the state.CM's agriculture adviser and former ICAR DG Mangla Rai said under a new policy, with a slogan - 'niche machhali, uper bijali', fish farming would be done on nine lakh hectare of waterlogged low agriculture land and solar panels would installed just above them for generating electricity. Stressing on research on judicious, multiple and conjunctive use of water, he said the quality of water must be maintained by removing arsenic and fluorine. \"Bihar is surplus in fruit and vegetable production but weak in value addition, processing and marketing for which heavy investment is needed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16499407", "title": "Met office predicts monsoon withdrawal from September 26", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Met department has said monsoon is expected to start withdrawing from the country by September 26. The currents will first retreat from Rajasthan and Gujarat , and then from other northern and western states. UP would witness monsoon withdrawal towards the end of the month. During the next 24 hours, the weather will remain generally dry in the state and in the city though there are some possibilities of rains or thundershowers.According to the forecast for the period between September 22 and 28 issued by the Met department, conditions are turning favorable for withdrawal of monsoon. However, the monsoon is expected to give some rains while retreating. Although monsoon arrived 20 days behind schedule in UP, uniform rains thereafter in July, August and September compensated for the deficit. The rainfall during the last two weeks was also good. As a result, the overall rainfall from June 1 to September 19 in west UP this monsoon was 26% below normal, while in east UP, it was six percent below normal. Rains in the week of September 13-19 was 67% above normal in west UP and 254% above normal in the eastern part of the state. The rainfall in Lucknow was also almost normal so far.On Friday, maximum temperature in the city was 33 degrees Celsius and minimum 23.6 degrees Celsius. Both were normal. The weather during the day was humid but pleasant in the evening and night. State Met director JP Gupta predicted partly could sky in Lucknow on Saturday. He said rain and thundershower would occur at isolated places in the state, particularly in east UP. The weather would however remain dry in the west. The monsoon normally starts withdrawing from Rajasthan on September 1 and from UP in the last week of September. This year, the process has been delayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16501573", "title": "E-school products gaining popularity at book fair", "text": "Kanpur: Pen drive loaded with National Council for Education, Research Training ( NCERT) course from class first to twelfth and compact discs are attraction of ongoing National Book fair being held here at Brijendra Swarup park.Students and parents are coming at the stall of genius E- school and demanding either pen drive or set of compact Disc, (CD) of various classes. According to representative Sachin first two days of the fair were wasted because of rain but in last four days sale and demand of E products has increased. He had sold more than 400 pen drives of middle classes in past four days. Talking to TOI, he said that E learning has gained popularity amongst the students and more over the product was very useful for them.Though the pen drive was a bit costly but it was loaded with entire course of Physics, chemistry, Biology and Maths of class IX th to XIIth.Besides, courses CDs and E books on various other topics for the students are also available in that stall.Later in the evening during the cultural programme renowned writers Dr Rashtrabandhu, Durga Charan Mishra, Upendra Nath Shukla discussed the work of Sadat Ali Manto under Meet the Writer programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16498640", "title": "Rajapaksa lays foundation stone for Buddhist university amid MDMK protest", "text": "BHOPAL: Amid protests led by MDMK supporters in Tamil Nadu and the arrest of the party's leader AMK Vaiko in Madhya Pradesh, Sri Lankan president Mahindra Rajapaksa laid the foundation stone for the construction of University of Buddhist and Indic Studies in Sanchi on Friday. Vaiko and his supporters were released later in the day.Vaiko and his 700-odd supporters were arrested for breaching prohibitory orders in Bad Chicholi village in Chhindwara as Vaiko and his men tried to head for Sanchi. The Sri Lankan president landed amid tight security at the Sanchi Stupa with the Buddha's message of peace and a sapling from the Mahabodhi `peepal' tree as a special gift to India.\"My journey to Sanchi is primarily an act of gratitude on behalf of the people of my country. I am here as a pilgrim, in veneration of scared Sanchi, saluting and celebrating the glorious past of this region,\" Rajapaksa told a gathering of Buddhist monks, religious scholars and delegates near Sanchi, a UNESCO World Heritage site.Rajapaksa and Bhutan Prime Minister Jigmi Y Thinley were invited by the Madhya Pradesh government as guests of honour for the foundation laying ceremony for Buddhist university spread over 100 acres just five km from Sanchi.Rajapaksa planted a sapling of a tree from Sri Lanka. In his speech, he said the sapling he planted had 2,300 years of historical roots in India. Emperor Ashoka, he said, who built the Sanchi stupas, sent his son Mahendra and daughter Sanghamitra to Sri Lanka to preach Buddhism.\"Sanghamitra brought to Sri Lanka a sapling of the peepal tree from Bodh Gaya, under which Prince Siddhartha attained enlightenment as Gautama Buddha. This sacred tree, accepted as the oldest historically recorded tree in the world, remains in Anuradhapura in my country to this day, and has been worshipped since the 3rd century,\" Rajapaksa said. \"Today, I have brought back a cutting of the same tree for Sanchi.\"In Bhopal, MDMK activists burnt Rajapaksa's effigy and staged a black flag demonstration outside a lodging where they had were in detention for past two days. The timing of the demonstration around noon was to synchronise with Rajapaksa's scheduled programme of laying the foundation stone.In Chhindwara, Vaiko and his men shouted slogans and trashed posters of the Sri Lankan president with shoes and slippers before burning them. \"Vaiko and his supporters were arrested for breaching prohibitory orders,\" said Chhindwara collector Mahesh Choudhary.Before being arrested Vaiko described chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan as Shakuni and dubbed BJP was Duryodhan. He said the UPA government at the Centre is a betrayer of the Tamil cause.\"I had written to Chouhan before leaving Tamil Nadu about our plan of a peaceful protest at Sanchi. The moment we entered MP we were welcomed with flowers but not allowed to move to Sanchi,\" Vaiko said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "rajampet (kadapa)", "code": "16496992", "title": "12 pilgrims killed in road mishap", "text": "RAJAMPET (KADAPA): Twelve pilgrims , including five women and an infant, from Maharashtra were killed and six others were severely injured when the mini van they were travelling in was hit by a lorry in Kadapa district in the early hours of Friday.The victims, hailing from Nanded district, were on their way to Tirumala to have darshan of Lord Venkateswara when the mishap occurred.A coal-laden lorry rammed into the van at Ramapuram village between Rajampet and Nandularu on Kadapa-Tirupati highway around 5.30am.District SP Manish Kumar Sinha said that around 18 persons were travelling in the ill-fated vehicle. The mishap site presented a gory sight with the mangled van and bodies crushed beyond recognition.Police had a tough time extricating the bodies. The deceased have been identified as Maruthi, 26, Anand, 30, Nagendra, 40, Venkat, 30, Ramesh, 28, Govind, 60, Anusha, 11, Jijiyabai, 55, Janabai, 30, Yashoda, 25, Nagabai, 50, and an 11-month-old girl.Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy directed the district officials to make arrangements for shifting the bodies to Nanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16500440", "title": "Court dismisses Guru\u2019s bail petition", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Tamil Nadu Protection of Interests of Depositors (TNPID) court here on Friday dismissed a bail petition filed by Susi Emu Farm's managing director M S Guru alias Gurusamy (32).During the hearing of the petition, defence counsel B Mohan argued that his client was ready to run the company and return the investment to the investors. He said the case should not be taken up this court as per the agreement the company signed with the investors. As per the agreement, the investors should send a notice to the firm if they are not ready to run the business. After two months of notification, the firm will return the investments.Special public prosecutor M Kanagaraj argued that the Susi Emu Farm did not have any capital investment. \"The firm collected crores of money from the public and invested them in various sectors. As many as 3,161 investors lodged complaints worth Rs 88,35, 75,702 against the firm. We expected that over 13,000 investors were cheated of Rs 230 crores by the firm. So, the court should not grand bail to Guru.\"After the arguments, the judge dismissed Guru's bail petition. However, the judge has granted conditional bail to four employees of Susi emu farm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16499013", "title": "Dredging works at Beypore port to begin in October", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The long-delayed development plans of the Beypore port, the biggest port in north Kerala, has got a boost with the beginning of a hydrographic survey prior to the major dredging work, scheduled to start in October. The survey is being carried out by the hydrographic wing of the Kerala Ports.The survey, which took off at the port on Wednesday, will cover the ship channel, the approach channel, the wharf and the turning area to assess the extent of dredging required in order to pave way for bigger vessels to operate out of the port.The Kerala State Maritime Development Corporation, which has been awarded the Rs 8.2 crore contract for capital dredging of the port, hopes to start dredging by the first week of October. The port is witnessing capital dredging works for the first time in decades. The dredging will increase the draft of the port from the present 3.5 metres to 5 metres, thereby enabling operation of bigger vessels.\"The dredging works will herald a new chapter in the development of the port as an all-weather intermediate port in the state. Once the dredging works are completed, we can welcome bigger cargo vessels and even small container vessels and feeder vessels,\" port officer Abraham V Kuriakose said.The vessels calling on the port now have to wait for favourable tide conditions to enter it and its development holds significance for the economic development of north Kerala. At present, it operates passenger services only to Lakshadweep.Kuriakose said the ports department had submitted a master plan to the government after the two earlier attempts to rope in private investors to implement a Rs 162 crore development project under the PPP model failed to take off. The master plan proposes development of additional wharfs and augmenting the port infrastructure and facilities to handle general cargo, container ships and passenger vessels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16497812", "title": "ASI 'shoots self', unconscious", "text": "GURGAON: An assistant sub-inspector (ASI), deployed in the Sector 14 police chowki suffered a bullet injury in suspicious circumstances on Thursday afternoon on the police chowki premises.Police on Friday registered a case under Sec 309 (attempt to commit suicide) against the ASI.A source said that the ASI attempted to commit suicide from his service revolver. The ASI is in a critical condition in a hospital and police are yet to record his statement.The unconscious ASI Veer Dutt, who had the bullet injury in his abdomen, was immediately taken by fellow policemen present in the police post to the nearby Kalyani Hospital.Initially police tried to cover up the incident and later remained tight-lipped about it. While a section of officials maintained that the victim shot himself as he in depression, others maintained that he had tried to kill himself after a tiff with a senior officer in his police station.Sources in the police post said that he was upset with the behaviour of some senior officers and named them in a suicide note. The suicide note was concealed by policemen of this police post.\"Doctors have operated on Dutt and removed the bullet from his stomach. Luckily, the bullet has not harmed any vital organ. He remains unconscious but he should recuperate very soon,\" said Dr Subhash Khanna, director of Kalyani hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16498756", "title": "Maha Lok Adalat brings down pendency in dist", "text": "YAVATMAL: The concept of Maha Lok Adalat mooted by the ex High Justice Ranajana Desai of Bombay High Court, currently a Judge in the Supreme Court of India, aiming to minimize the burden on the judiciary owing to the unabated heaping up of litigations.The four Maha Lok Adalats held so far in the district have helped in saving valuable time and money of the litigants. Not only common people but also officials of various agencies including the state and central governments in the district have welcomed it.According to the principal district and sessions judge Savita T Barne, four Maha Lok Adalats were organized at both district and tehsil levels under the District Legal Service Cell (DLSC) between February 2011 and September 2012. Total 20671 pending litigations involving crores of rupees have been amicably settled.Total 5458 cases were settled during the Maha Lok Adalat held on September 16. Yavatmal (1331), Darwha (458), Digras (398), Pusad (524), Umarkhed (298), Mahagaon (177), Ner (254), Babhulgaon (162), Kalamb (221), Ghatanji (364), Kelaapur (298), Maregaon (115), Wani (322), Ralegaon (285), Arni (175) and Zarijamini (76) respectively.According to secretary and senior division civil judge, Sardar Tamboli, all the four Maha Lok Adalats received overwhelming response from the litigants in the district. \"Pending litigations pertaining to land acquisition, motor accident claims, municipality taxes, recovery cases of BSNL, cooperative and nationalized banks, revenue taxes, insurance claims and others were settled amicably and crores of rupees were either disbursed or recovered from the litigants,\" he said.\"On September 16, Rs one crore was released to owners after settlement of land acquisition cases while Rs49.5 lakh was released in motor accident claims,\" said Tamboli adding that the beneficiaries of Bembla River Irrigation project were given additional compensation, including land owners of Malapur and Pahur in Babhulgaon tehsil.Giving details of DLSC's efforts to create mass awareness about the Maha Lok Adalat, Tamboli said that the litigants were informed through SMSes and campaigns on TV channels and public address systems.According to the executive chairman of Maharashtra State Legal Service Authority, Justice DD Sinha, prior to the Maha Lok Adalat held on Sunday, as many as 2,64,434 cases were pending at various courts in the state. Total 5,79,743 litigations were settled in the previous three Maha Lok Adalats held in the state, which is a great achievement. The Inter State Council has taken note of this and a report was published under the head 'Judicial Reform for Pendency Reduction' in reference to good governance.Tamboli further said similar Maha Lok Adalat would be held in the future, besides one Lok Adalat in each month.Tamboli urged the litigants to register their names with the district cell for the Maha Lok Adalat and monthly Lok Adalat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16500685", "title": "Ryanites talk about world peace through art", "text": "LUDHIANA: The students of Ryan International School turned ambassadors of peace as the school celebrated World Peace Day with great enthusiasm on Friday. While tiny tots spread the message of peace in the world with hand painting, students of classes I and II made book marks and other creative crafts, which will be used in the school library.Students of classes III-V chose the electronic media to express their sentiments on world peace as they posted messages, slogans, quotations and poems on the school website. The students also sent peace cards to various bureaucrats of the city to spread the message.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497067", "title": "Special camps next week to solve billing problems: Delhi Jal Board chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Jal Board officials have accepted that several problems continue to exist with the new bills and it will take couple of billing cycles to have concerns ironed out.DJB CEO Debashree Mukherjee said she had received complaints of wrong billing and chaotic scenes at some zonal offices and where demand was felt, special camps would be held in the coming week to help sort out problems.\"The issue of GK-I was brought to my notice and for areas like these, we will organize special camps by next weekend. Their payment due date is September 25-27 but in view of what is happening, we will extend this date,\" she said.Officials in the water utility said even though the current bills had been generated under the new revenue system, they had inherited legacy data which would take a couple of cycles to rectify. \"Even during camps in May and June to rectify billing problems, the system was in flux and not all data has been updated. All data is now being updated and by next bill or so, everything will be alright,\" said an official.Mukherjee said DJB would also be introducing handheld meter readers by the next billing cycle and would try that under a pilot project in one zone of east Delhi. \"With these, bills will be generated on the spot. By the third cycle, we are aiming for 100% coverage under hand held meters,\" she said.For consumers who complained about the tedious bill correction process at GK-I office on Friday, officials said number of counters would be increased by Saturday and instead of different lines for only bill correction, there would be one line for the entire process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16501616", "title": "One shot dead in Chaubeypur", "text": "Kanpur: A middle-aged man was shot dead while two others were grievously wounded by a group of half a dozen attackers in the intervening night of Thursday and Friday near Tatyaganj's Kisan Nursery under Chaubeypur police station.The police identified the deceased as Nanhe, son of Rameshwar, a resident of Kisan Nursery, Tatyaganj. \"Nanhe's nephew Sudama, and the latter's wife Pushti, who sustained serious gunshot wounds have been admitted to Lala Lajpat Rai hospital,\" informed an inspector posted at Chaubeypur police station.The assailants are said to have barged into the nursery and fired indiscriminately at the victims. The police have begun investigation into the incident and the hunt for the culprits is on.Soon after the incident, the victim's family members and fellow villagers gathered at the spot and demanded immediate arrest of the attackers. Senior police officials from various police stations reached the spot and brought the situation under control. Police force has been deployed in the area to maintain peace.\"A named FIR has been lodged against five persons, including Prakash, Karan, Ramdas, Indrapal and Ram, all residents of Mishripur in Kannauj district,\" said a police official. According to police sources, the reason behind the murder was enmity over gram panchayat elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16499602", "title": "Old-timers of Madurai Medical College recall the good times", "text": "MADURAI: Seventy doctors who have served society across the globe after completing their studies successfully at the Madurai Medical College, met in their alma mater along with members of their families at on Friday. It's been 50 years since they graduated from this institution.Going down memory lane, Dr N Sethuraman, founder of Meenakshi Mission Hospital and Research Centre and organiser of this gathering, said they belonged to a batch of students who entered medical education purely on merit. \"We did not bribe anybody go get into medical school and have served society with a clear conscience,\" he said.The Madurai Medical College was inaugurated on August 2, 1954, by then chief minister K Kamaraj. The old students including 20 women doctors who graduated in 1962, recalled their glorious days at the institute.Some of them now working in prestigious medical institutions in countries including Brunei , Malaysia , Singapore and the US, had come all the way from across the globe to meet their classmates. Some of them had brought their grandchildren along to witness this event.Dr Nagarathinam, who was the first person to open a nursing home in Malaca in Malaysia, said he was honoured to be given this opportunity to meet his friends. \"We are in the last stages of our lives and this gathering gives us immense pleasure and something to keep us going for the rest of our lives\". He said he was proud to say they were products of Madurai Medical College, and were commended for their services worldwide. \"I have been in contact with 30 per cent of my classmates but this is an opportunity of a lifetime,\" he added.Dr N Krishnamoorthy, an ophthalmologist who had come all the way from America with his wife Valli, said he found it difficult to control his emotions on seeing all his batchmates of 1962 after such along time. \"I have come to India often, but this is the first time I am visiting Madurai after 30 years,\" he said. He was also very happy to meet his old classmate Dr Periyathambi from Rajapalayam who had brought his grandchildren to the event, braving ill-health.Fifteen of them who had come to this memorable event were persons who had taught this batch of students including renowned plastic surgeon Dr Sam C Bose, Dr Annamalaisamy, director of the Aravind Eye Care systems Dr P Namperumalsamy and Dr Srinivasan, who were as happy as the former students to participate in this event.The alumni who proceeded to spend some time at Courtallam in Tirunelveli district donated seven air-conditioners to their institution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16498717", "title": "Government removes MNC chief Mali", "text": "NAGPUR: For the fourth time in a row in the last three years the state government appears to be moving towards dissolving the Maharashtra Nursing Council (MNC).The government on Friday issued orders removing the council president Ramlingam Mali from the post and handed over the charge of the council to the director of the directorate of medical education and research (DMER).According to DMER director Dr Pravin Shingare, Mali ceases to be a member of the council as he does not qualify for the post legally. \"He was elected on a teacher's constituency seat but he took VRS from the post. Later, he joined a private college and now he is not even a tutor there. So he cannot continue as a member. And once he is not a member he cannot be the president of the council,\" he told TOI.Dr Shingare said that if would have been elected from a registered constituency he could have continued as the president. The decision has been taken straight form the government and the directorate was just holding the temporary charge.Meanwhile, an agitated Mali said that he had not decided on his future course of action. \"I have not planned anything as yet. I am not commenting anything now,\" he said.Sources in the council inform that some other members in the council have also been issued notices by the government. \"It is really disheartening that the government does not allow good and honest people to work. This is the fourth time that such an action has been taken. It appears that the government is again in the process of dissolving the council. Our president does not succumb to political pressure. The medical education minister and others in the government want us to clear sanction of colleges which do not deserve to be recognized. But when the council refuses, such actions are taken,\" said a council member.The state government has dissolved the council thrice in the past three years but every time the council has got interim relief. \"The council is not dissolved as yet. It is very much there,\" said Dr Shingare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16502466", "title": "Fake currency made in Pak flooding NE states", "text": "GUWAHATI: Fake Indian currency notes (FICN) from across the border have flooded NE states and Assam has become the worst sufferer. National Investigation Agency (NIA) sources said West Bengal's Malda district, has become a transit point for such activities making the NE region vulnerable.Since January 2009 to August 2011, counterfeit notes of more than Rs 1.15 crore have been seized in different operations by security agencies and Reserve Bank of India from Assam, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura, Arunachal Pradesh and Meghalaya. Assam tops the seizure list with a sum of Rs 6,97,10,70 counterfeit notes.The investigation agency, which is presently tackling the FICN racket in the country,a said high-quality fake notes are supplied from Pakistan via Bangladesh to border districts of Assam and West Bengal. \"A few individuals belonging to Malda district of West Bengal are engaged in organized smuggling and circulation of high quality FICN, suspected to have been printed in Pakistan, via Bangladesh and Nepal. Members of the international racket smuggled these fake notes into India via Bangladesh. The network used bank accounts and ATMs for transferring back the genuine currency earned out of circulating the high-quality fake currency to the suppliers of the same based in Malda,\" said an official of NIA.On August 30, sleuths of the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) seized fake notes worth Rs 12 lakh from a vehicle at Beltola in Guwahati. Three persons, identified as Hakim Shaikh, Bhim Mandal and Alam Sheikh, were arrested. According to police, there were eight bundles of Rs 500 fake currency notes. The vehicle was on its way from Malda in West Bengal and the money is reportedly to have been brought from Bangladesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16501484", "title": "MDMK activists burn Lanka President effigy, wave black flags", "text": "Bhopal: Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (MDMK) party activists burnt an effigy of Sri Lanka President Mahinda Rajapaksa and staged a black flag demonstration outside a dharamshala in the state capital where they had been detained for the past two days. The timing of the demonstration around noon was deliberate to synchronise with the Lankan president's scheduled programme to lay the foundation stone of an international Buddhist university and Indic studies centre at Sanchi, 45 km away from here, where they were to originally hold their protest.Talking to reporters at the demonstration site, MDMK treasurer R Masilamani, said Rajapaksa had \"no moral right to lay the foundation stone with his hands, which are stained with the blood of 18,000 Tamils killed during the 2009 ethnic war\". He said Rajapaksa also has no \"moral right to utter the name of Buddha who was an embodiment of love, kindness, tolerance and compassion for humanity\".He described MDMK chief Vaiko's arrest in Chhindwara as a \"highly condemnable and oppressive act of the Madhya Pradesh government\".Masilamani alleged that Rajapaksa was responsible for the destruction of over 2000 Murugan temples over the past three years and converting them to Buddha Vihars. \"Under these circumstances, the Madhya Pradesh chief minister should have said we will not allow a man who destroyed temples to lay the foundation stone at Sanchi,\" he asserted. He contended that the BJP which claimed to be the champion of Hindu Rashtra and religion had failed in its self-imposed mission.\"Black flag demonstrations are allowed all over the world in democratic countries but we were prevented by this government\",\" he said. \"If Atal Behari Vajpayee who once represented Vidisha constituency wherein Sanchi is located was active today, this BJP government would not have dared to invite Rajapaksa for the function,\" he argued.Former MP C Krishnan who has been camping in Bhopal along with Vaiko's secretary, A S Pandian for the past ten days, said the BJP government has \"herded the MDMK activists like cattle and detained them in the dharamshala to prevent them from exercising their democratic right to protest both at Bhopal airport where Rajapaksa flew in from Delhi as well as in Sanchi. An estimated 400 MDMK activists stood on two balconies of the guest house waving black flags and shouting slogans against Rajapaksa as the effigy was burnt.Bhopal deputy SP Arvind Khare said the activists had been treated well with good food and would be released after a sumptuous lunch. Pandian said as early as September 11, he had visited Sanchi with Krishnan and sought the permission of local authorities to hold the black flag protest and met the chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouchan in Bhopal two days later.\"The chief minister asked us to scale down the protest and submit a memorandum to Rajapaksa but we said we don't want to look at the face of a murderer of Tamils when we present the document to him,\" he narrated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16500702", "title": "Folk flavours spice up a Koshisha", "text": "The fifth day of 'Koshish '12' ' the cultural and literary festival of Punjab College of Technical Education (PCTE) began with a folk flavour as 15 teams of girls from the senior wing participated in the first event of the day.The girls enthralled the audience with their moves presenting the rich culture of Indian folk dances from Gujarat, Rajasthan, Punjab and Maharashtra among other regions, apart from performing a Russian folk dance too.The boys were no less when it came to leaving the crowd spellbound with their folk dance performances, such as bhangra, Malwai gidha and jhoomar. The dances were followed by choreographed performances and 'nukkad natak', which saw the students commenting on various political and social issues through the medium of art. The teams participating in 'nukkad natak' event and choreography event highlighted the social evils like child abuse, female sex ratio, women harassment, brain drain, political corruption, drugs and ill-influence of western culture on Indian society. The fest climbed the peak of excitement on the fifth day as about 200 students from the senior wing sashayed the ramp while participating in the fashion show. For a group of girls from Bhutan, 'Koshish-'12' turned out to provide the exposure to Indian culture they had been wishing for. The girls even participated in the folk dances and learned the significance of each dance coming from various Indian states. BBA student from Bhutan Kezang Wangmo, 20, said she loves the welcoming nature of this country and its people. 'This fest is an amazing experience as it lets us participate in cultural events and understand the colourful traditions of India,' said Kezang. Her classmate Kauley Wangmo, 20, said, 'Each day of the fest reveals something new to us about this country and we have been excited to witness so much talent around us in the last few days.' Tsherqng Choden, 21, a Bhutanese BBA student said she loved participating in the Rajasthani folk dance as the costume and colours were lively and uplifting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16499381", "title": "Meeting great freedom fighters aroused passion for fitness in former Gujarat cop and US resident Randhir Chauhan", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Every student in our country has probably grown up reading about Vinoba Bhave and his valiant stories of the freedom struggle and advocacy for nonviolence and human rights in India. Best known for his Bhoodan Movement, Vinoba has been an inspiration to many a youth. But for Randhir Chauhan, meeting Vinoba in an Amreli village in Gujarat in 1957 held an unusual charm: he was thoroughly impressed by the national leader's speed of walking!And evidently, Vinoba is not the only leader who inspired Chauhan to get into the fitness regime. Following the lyrics of Rabindranath Tagore's song 'If, hearing your call, no one comes, then go alone', Chauhan took to running all on his own, doing it for himself. Before he met Veer Savarkar in Dadar in 1965, he had already heard of Savarkar's heroic escape from the British guards aboard the ship from England to India, swimming from the port of Marseille to the quay wall of Marseille. And the first thought that crossed Chauhan's mind was, if he can do it, so can I.So motivated was Chauhan that at the age of 68 today, he can proudly call himself 'serial marathoner'. From running the BMW Berlin Marathon in 2011, to the LA Honda Marathon and the Marathon de Paris in 2012, he has even covered most half and full marathons in Vadodara, Ahmedabad, Hyderabad, Auroville, Mt Abu and Rishikesh. Born in Mumbai and spending over 30 years each in Gujarat and New Jersey, Chauhan has found that running keeps him not just healthy, but happy too, and he's confident of the fact that no one above the age of 40 can beat his speed of brisk walking. \"I began running much later than I should have, only after shifting to the US in 1976,\" says Chauhan .Until then, Chauhan had quite an adventurous life in Gujarat , moving from Mumbai to Amreli to Bhuj, Mumbai and eventually to Mehsana, owing to his father's frequent transfers. Following his father's footsteps , Chauhan joined the Gujarat Police Force as a PSI in Mehsana. \"My life suddenly became very active. I trained in Junagadh for a year and a half, and was then posted in Bulsar (now Valsad ),\" recalls Chauhan . After serving as a PSI, later in the traffic branch in Sabarmati for four years, and in the CBI for two years, he decided to give up service and with his wife, planned to go to the US.\"At that time going to America was in vogue , and when we initially moved to New Jersey in '76 , we had no intentions of settling there . But we did, and for 33 years ,\" says Chauhan .Running a chain of stationery stores in the US, Chauhan's life came to stand still, spending most of his free time in front of the television. \"Things went from bad to worse, and I finally decided to punish myself by doing some stationary jogging while watching TV. That's how it all began. Jogging in front of my window with a beautiful view of the Mohawk lake was such a motivation.\"After applying for the New York Marathon for three consecutive years and finally getting selected in the fourth year, Chauhan's dream of running a marathon still didn't take off due to an injury at the last minute . But his passion for running didn't dwindle at all .Chauhan, with his family, returned to India in 2009 after retiring at the age of 58, and this is when he began running for as many marathons as he could. His experiences at the Berlin, Paris and LA marathons are something he'll always cherish .\"At the Berlin marathon in 2011, around 40,000 people from all over the world participated. Out of the 25,200 people who completed the marathon in my category (above 56 years ) I ranked 305. I was overwhelmed by the crowd there. That is the kind of running I wish to see here in Ahmedabad,\" says Chauhan, who is now permanently settled with his family in the city .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16498859", "title": "Tyeb Mehta\u2019s work sets Rs 9.63cr auction record", "text": "MUMBAI: Modernist painter Tyeb Mehta notched up another record when his oil painting fetched Rs 9.63 crore ($1.8 million) at the recent online Saffronart Autumn art auction, becoming the most expensive artwork sold this season.The 1988 oil on canvas \" Falling Figure With Bird\" is the fourth highest price achieved among Mehta's paintings sold world over.The late master's work was among the 53 sold out of a total of 75 in Saffronart's annual online Autumn auction that featured 35 modern and contemporary Indian artists, raking in 21.04 crore.Said to be one of the most important ones from Mehta's suite of falling figures, the painting draws on both Indian and Western myths and legends depicting an androgynous human figure entangled with that of a bird.The figures, locked together in endless free fall, convey not only the anxiety and disquiet that the Mumbai -born Mehta carried with him following his experiences of the horrors of Partition and war, but also his engagement with modernist concepts like existentialism and \"Universal Man\".Before the sale Saffron art had said they expected the work to fetch between Rs 8.1-10.8 crore. Mehta, who died in 2009, was the first Indian artist to break the Rs 1 crore barrier.In 2002 at a Christie's auction Mehta's \" Celebration\" fetched Rs 1.5 crore.In 2005 his work \"Mahishasura\" again crossed the $1 million mark. In 2008 one of his paintings sold for $2 million. In December 2005, Mehta's painting \"Gesture\" was sold for Rs 3.1 crore at the Osian auction. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16497885", "title": "Remove mobile towers by Oct 7: HC", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan high court on Friday ordered removal of mobile-phone towers installed on school buildings across the state by October 7.The court order said the job should be completed in two stages. By October 3, the electricity supply to the towers are to be cut off and the generators, batteries and other supporting equipment should be removed from these towers. The remaining structures of the towers will have to be removed by October 7.A division bench headed by Chief Justice Arun Kumar Mishra has sought a compliance report on the interim order by October 4 when the public interest litigation related to the issue would be heard again.In another public interest matter, the court refrained protesters from blocking the new cleanliness scheme launched in eight cities of the state. The court was hearing a matter related to beautification of the Tonk Road. JMC CEO Lok Nath Soni was summoned in the court for an explanation.As Soni told court that members of the Valmiki community were not letting it to execute the cleanliness scheme in Jaipur, the division bench of chief justice Mishra ordered that the protesters should not interrupt the work. When advocate Vimal Chaudhary informed the court that the Valmiki community felt threatened of losing their livelihood because of the new scheme, the court verbally remarked that the JMC should consider employing these people in the new scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16500361", "title": "Tamil Nadu goes out of favour with wind energy investors", "text": "COIMBATORE: Despite the state desperately needing alternative sources of energy, wind energy producers are no longer keen on setting up new mills in the state.A huge backlog in paying arrears and a low price for the energy produced by windmills are forcing investors to look at other states like Gujarat and Rajasthan.The Tamil Nadu Electricity Board owes 1,500 crore to the wind energy producers. The dues have accumulated over the past 14 months, said K Kasturirangan, chairman, Indian Wind Power Association.A senior TNEB official, while admitting that there was a huge backlog, said, \"We are facing funds constraints. Efforts are being taken to clear the backlog.\"Availability of huge wind corridors with good wind velocity has been attracting investors to Tamil Nadu for more than a decade. The state, with an installed capacity of 7,000 MW, has the highest number of windmills in the country. \"But of late, there is a slow down in investments in the wind energy sector in Tamil Nadu,\" he said.Last year, 1,000 MW of windmills were installed in the state. This year, however, Tamil Nadu has been able to attract only 84 MW capacity till now. It is far below the expected 400 MW for the first five months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "16497119", "title": "Sporadic protests in Mandya district", "text": "MANDYA: Noted Kannada writer Chandrashekar Patil (Champa) urged external affairs minister SM Krishna to lead the Cauvery agitation after resigning from his post because the Union government is continuing its step-motherly attitude towards Karnataka.Participating in the agitation here under the aegis of the Mandya Zilla Raita Hitaraksana Samiti, Champa flayed the callousness of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. \"It's very sad that Manmohan Singh refused to meet the state MPs' delegation which wanted to discuss the Cauvery issue,\" he said. Champa urged all MPs, members of Rajya Sabha and Union ministers from the state to resign to put pressure on the government.Meanwhile, protests continued across the district. In Mandya, farmers and political leaders held a rasta roko on the Mysore-Bangalore highway. Similar protests were reported in Maddur, Srirangapatna, Madarahally, KR Pete and Pandavapura.Police thwarted the attempt of about 150 Karnataka Rakshana Vedike activists to enter the Torekadanahalli water treatment plant from where Cauvery water is supplied to Bangalore. They arrested 40 activists but released them after an hour in Malavalli sub-jail.The Karnataka Rajya Raita Sangha plans to file a petition in the Supreme Court. KRRS chief KS Puttannaiah said: \"We should convince the court about water scarcity in Cauvery basin districts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16498576", "title": "Plan to revive sterilization centre in a month", "text": "NASHIK: Four months after the dog sterilization centre became defunct following the expiry of agreement with the private contractor, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) is planning to form squads and appoint veterinary doctors to revive the centre within a month.The contractor's services were terminated on May 6 following opposition from corporators. The issue was deliberated in the general body meeting of the civic body recently and a resolution was passed that the NMC should take over the sterilization work. of sterilisation. A proposal to invite tenders for the job was rejected.Speaking to TOI, municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare said, \"Following the decision of the GBM to implement dog sterilization programme by NMC administration within their limits, we have started working on dog sterilization project. We have already started planning dog squads and veterinary doctors. The dog sterilization programme will be implemented in the city within a month.\"The proposal of inviting tenders for dog sterilization work amounting to Rs 75 lakh for the FY 2012-13 was tabled GBM on August 23. The corporators had strongly criticized the move of the NMC administration to implement the dog sterilization programme through a private contractor. Finally, it was decided to implement the programme by NMC itself.Mayor Yatin Wagh said that the implementation of the dog sterilization programme was mandatory as per the directives of both central as well as the state governments. However, keeping the bad experience of last two years in mind, the dog sterilization programme would be implemented by NMC administration and all necessary instruments required for the programme would be purchased.Since NMC has no veterinary doctors on its rolls, veterinary doctors would also be appointed as per requirement on permanent or honorarium basis.Alleging irregularities in the sterilization programme, corporator Komal Meheroliya said, \"As per the GR, the dog sterilization programme was only for female dogs, but the castration of male dogs was also mentioned in the proposal which was completely wrong. Besides, mobile vans, which are necessary to catch stray dogs, were never seen.\" He also questioned the claim of the administration that about 36,000 dogs were sterilized in the past three and a half years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16498561", "title": "Kudankulam welfare projects remain on paper as protests rage", "text": "CHENNAI: The Kudankulam nuclear power plant is all set to become operational soon, but the welfare measures promised to the protesting villagers, that could take the sting out of the agitation, remain on paper.In a bid to end the protests, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa made a peace offering to villagers, mostly fishermen, more than six months ago: a Rs 500 crore special package to improve their socio-economic conditions. However, none of the measures of have taken off yet and the protests intensified earlier this month as the plant managers began preparations for its commissioning.The welfare measures will cover 45 panchayats in the Radhapuram assembly constituency within which the Kudankulam project site and the surrounding areas fall. Barring Idinthakarai, the epicentre of the agitation, and three other neighbouring coastal villages, all other villages have welcomed the welfare schemes. The state government's proposal includes 10,000 new houses, a desalination plant, a cold storage and fish marketing facility, upgradation of the primary health centres in Kudankulam and Chettikulam into full-fledged hospitals, a new PHC in Uvary village, solar streetlights and motors for supply of drinking water.Only a few weeks ago, the Madras high court had asked the government to speed up implementation of welfare measures. Former President A P J Abdul Kalam had suggested similar measures in his report to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.Chettikulam panchayat president N Vijayan told TOI, \"The delay in execution of welfare measurers has given the protesters an advantage. The villagers cannot see the promised development taking place on the ground.\" The panchayat submitted a list of beneficiaries for the housing scheme three months back, he said. \"But so far, no one has come for verification. At the same time, we understand the work burden and administrative pressures officials face.\"\"Concrete houses under the neighbourhood development scheme are estimated to cost Rs 300 crore. Each house will be constructed at a cost of Rs 3 lakh,\" said an official in Tirunelveli district. The remaining Rs 200 crore will cover the other welfare schemes. \"We called for tenders for most of the schemes. Due to administrative delays, the execution of the projects is taking time. The district authorities have been busy handling the protests,\" he pointed out.The district administration has estimated Rs 60 crore for setting up a desalination plant and Rs 80 crore for setting up groynes in four villages. The government will spend Rs 10 crore for upgrading the Kudankulam primary health centre into a hospital. It also plans to construct new bridges and upgrade roads at a cost of Rs 20 crore. \"All the projects are only on paper. Nothing has been executed at the ground. Many of the protesting villagers could be weaned away if they see some work on the ground,\" admitted a district official.For the special package, funds are not a problem and the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd too is ready to part with Rs 200 crore for welfare schemes. \"Though the plans are ready and wish lists have been given by villagers, no field work has been carried out so far. Once the ground work is done, funds will be released by the company,\" said a senior official at the Kudankulam project site. \"Besides the special package, we have contributed Rs 2 crore as annual CSR (corporate social responsibility) fund. The NPCIL is ready to spend Rs 6 crore as part of CSR this year. But the state government wanted us to pitch in for their schemes. So, we contributed Rs 2 crore and their contribution was Rs 4 crore,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16499340", "title": "Transport dept to act tough against erring conductors", "text": "LUCKNOW: Conductors found allowing passengers travel without ticket in UPSRTC buses will face action now. The transport department will get FIR registered against conductors found guilty. The regular staff will be suspended and put to job at places other than Lucknow or its adjoining areas. Not only this, in case they are proven guilty, they will be terminated from job. Transport commissioner Alok Kumar said that the department has planned such an action as directed by the transport minister. In case, more than 15 passengers are found travelling without ticket, during checking, department will get FIR lodged against the conductor under criminal breach of trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16497946", "title": "JMC CEO complains against mayor to chief secy, CMO", "text": "JAIPUR: Mudslinging between Jaipur mayor Jyoti Khandelwal and government officials in Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) reached the chief minister's office (CMO) through bureaucratic corridors on Friday.The JMC officials led by CEO Lok Nath Soni registered their complaint against the mayor with state chief secretary CK Mathew and later with the chief minister's principal secretary Shreemat Pandey following a fresh round of verbal bouts between the two camps in the civic body.The government officials were aggrieved by the mayor publicly accusing them of corruption, even though she is said to possess no evidence to support her allegations. The mayor recently involved Jaipur MP Mahesh Joshi too, in her dispute with the CEO. Khandelwal alleged that Soni's corrupt practices enjoyed Joshi's patronage. She even publicly vowed to resign if the CEO could come clean out of an inquiry against him.During the JMC's general body meeting on Friday, the mayor's supporters once again called the CEO corrupt but failed to produce any proof against him, said a member of the delegation that met the government top brass on the issue. In the past, five CEOs were transferred out of JMC following their disputes with the mayor.In another recent case, the mayor is said to be pushing to 'block' the pension benefits of one of the JMC commissioners, who is to retire shortly, on the grounds that he was involved in corruption.Having exhausted the remedial options available with the urban development minister Shanti Dhariwal, the government officials have decided to approach the chief minister through the bureaucratic channel.The protesting government officials initially planned to proceed on mass leave on September 24. After the meeting with chief secretary Mathew, the officials have decided to work with black bands on next Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16502046", "title": "Power pack performances by Banglore students", "text": "The expectations at the Clean &amp; Clear Bangalore Times Fresh Face 2012 auditions in Dayananda Sagar Institutions were high, as last year's winners, Addis Anthony and Shreya Deshpande, were from this college.But it looked like the young guns in this college have managed to meet the expectations of the judges \u2014 fitness expert Wanitha Ashok and RJ Preethi \u2014 by putting up performances of a calibre higher than the previous year.Even the sweltering heat failed to deter the youngsters from putting up some high-energy dance performances. If Sarthak Singh showed his talent with his B-boying moves, Jaya Singh swayed the audience to Shakira's Hips Don't Lie . Several boys danced to some hip hop beats, but Rakesh S Patil presented a yoga dance that made the audience sit up and notice his flexibility. Several girls opted to sing, and Rihanna's Where Have You Been? and Adele's Rolling in the Deep seemed to hot favourites. Naach-gaana apart, we also saw some varied talents such as poetry recitations in English, Hindi and Bengali, among other languages, as well as theatrical pieces and stand-up comedy.Since the competition was pretty tough, the judges finalized the winners based on the Q&A; round. Shashank S Pai's rapid moves and Prabh Sharan's soulful English poetry helped them clinch the winner's titles. The first runners-up title was won by Swaroop Kishan, who gave a breath-taking dance performance, along with Aarti Gupta, who sang and recited poetry. Shashank Sinha's confidently incorrect reply of \"Draupadi is Ram's wife\" and rap act, and Meghali Chakrabarty's energetic dance moves to an item number helped them emerge second runners-up. And when this edition of the Clean &amp; Clear Banglore Times Fresh Face 2012 auditions came to a close, the students left hoping one of the contestants from this college would make the final cut again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16501200", "title": "Kudankulam row: Protesters to lay siege to Tuticorin Port today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The anti-Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KNPP) protesters may attempt to hold demonstrations and lay siege to Tuticorin port and government offices on Saturday. They had on Friday threatened to stop all activities at the port. The protest will be led by activist SP Udayakumar, according to media reports.Shipping minister GK Vasan had on Friday urged the anti-nuclear plant activists at Kudankulam to desist from stalling activity at the VOC Port (formerly Tuticorin port).The Kudankulam nuclear power plant has not yet been made operational. The Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL) has begun loading enriched uranium fuel rods in the first reactor of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project (KKNPP) in Tamil Nadu following a nod from the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB).India's atomic energy regulator on Friday said it has given its nod to Nuclear Power Corporation Ltd (NPCIL) to load enriched uranium fuel rods in the first reactor at Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project (KNPP) in Tamil Nadu.\"We have given the nod to NPCIL to load the fuel at KNPP on Tuesday. NPCIL has completed the stipulations that we had earlier laid in our Aug 10 sanction to load the fuel,\" Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) chairman SS Bajaj said from Vienna, where he is attending the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) conference.According to him, it would take around 8-10 days for NPCIL to complete the fuel loading process.\"NPCIL has fulfilled all the conditions that had been laid by us,\" Bajaj said.The NCPIL, the country's atomic power plant operator, is in the process of loading the 163 enriched uranium fuel rods in the first reactor at KNPP from Wednesday, sources told IANS.Senior NPCIL officials were however not available to comment on the issue.The People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE), in a statement on Friday, demanded NPCIL stop the fuelling process immediately.NPCIL is setting up the KNPP at Kudankulam in Tamil Nadu's Tirunelveli district, around 650 km from Chennai with two Russian-made VVER 1,000 MW reactors.After the reactor is fuelled, activities to approach first criticality-starting fission chain reaction, for the first time in a reactor, will be taken up.Then the power generation will be gradually scaled up on AERB's permission, based on the results of various studies.Observers from IAEA are expected at KNPP as the reactors fall under the safeguard agreement.The KNPP is an outcome of the Inter-Governmental Agreement (IGA) signed between India and the erstwhile Soviet Union in 1988. However, the project construction only began in 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16497168", "title": "'Sakala has stamped out corruption by 50%'", "text": "BANGALORE: Enthused by the success of Sakala -- guaranteeing services to citizens in a time-bound manner -- launched in April 2012, the state government has decided to include another 118 services under its ambit. Law and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar , who is monitoring the implementation of Sakala, says corruption has reduced by 50% in these departments. Excerpts:Are you happy with the progress in the implementation of Sakala?I am reasonably happy. The experience so far has made me hopeful that we can go further in the coming days.Sakala is making national and international news, with the Union ministry of personnel and pensions recommending it as model legislation to other states.It's an exhilarating feeling. The compliments we received from Bihar , Orissa, Bangladesh and the Centre have strengthened our resolve to do better.Has corruption reduced in government offices?The period of waiting has reduced considerably. People are confident that they can and will get a service as a matter of right. Because of these two factors, corruption has reduced by at least 50%.Statistics apart, what about public appreciation of efficiency?Every day, at least four citizens are spoken to in each district -- two who have availed some service under Sakala and two who are in the queue. The feedback we've received shows a healthy satisfaction index.For the first time, an officer was fined Rs 40 for delaying service delivery. Why did it take so long?The first incident was publicized by the government to encourage more persons to appeal. We have to educate the citizens better.Kodagu (99.8%) had been adjudged the best district in implementing Sakala...Actually, different districts have bagged first place in each of the last five months. There is a sort of competition between the districts, irrespective of size.There are complaints that offices issuing trade licences and building plans have been bypassing Sakala under pressure from middlemen.We've come to know about this unhealthy trend, especially in the urban development department. We've warned the departments that bypassing is not acceptable. People are free to complain.Any more plans on Sakala and making it more effective?We are planning to include about 120 more services. Soon, people can submit applications under Sakala online, and receive acknowledgments too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497751", "title": "FDI in multi-brand retail to ruin people's livelihood: CPM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Protesting against government's notification of rules for FDI in multi-brand retail, CPM said it is the \"single biggest step\" to destroy the livelihood of a large number of people.\"By this policy announcement, Manmohan Singh government has taken the single biggest step of destroying the livelihood of the largest number of people engaged in retail trade in India,\" the party said in a statement. It said the government has gone ahead with the move \"notwithstanding the widespread opposition\" to FDI in multi-brand retail.CPM said it would wage struggles \"to get this anti-national decision rescinded\". It said the rules announced by the government were \"designed to serve the interests of multi-nationals\" like Wal-Mart, Tesco and Carrefour. The investment floor of $100 million or Rs 550 crore was \"insignificant\" for giant retailers like Wal-Mart, which were multi-billion dollar firms, CPM said. The restriction that foreign retail outlets should be in cities with over 10 lakh population was also irrelevant, the party said, because \"these are precisely the urban centres which the MNCs want to access as they are the most lucrative segment of the market.\" Besides, the rules provide that in states or Union Territories, which do not have cities with a population of over 10 lakh, foreign retail outlets could be set up in cities of their choice, it added.\"That the government is bent upon promoting FDI in retail at the cost of domestic interests is clear from the dilution of the conditions set for FDI in single-brand retail,\" it said, adding that the rule for MNCs to mandatorily source 30% of the value of products from small, village and cottage industries has been \"diluted\".On the government's claim that the condition to make at least 50% of the investment in backend infrastructure would lead to more cold chains and other logistics, CPM said global experience has shown that procurement by MNC retailers do not benefit farmers. Over time, they receive depressed prices and find it difficult to meet the arbitrary quality standards, it claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16499476", "title": "Patna Municipal Corporation promises a clean Patliputra by today", "text": "PATNA: Patna high court on Friday was not satisfied with the reply of the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) over the accumulated rainwater in Patliputra Colony which the PMC failed to do drain out despite the court's directive.However, PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal, who was present during the hearing, assured the court that water would be drained out from the colony by Saturday evening. PMC stated in the court that the water accumulated in Patliputra Colony because the drain on the southern side of Nehru Nagar police station had choked as some building materials were obstructing the free flow of water which needed to be cleared. This drain, constructed recently, was yet to be handed over to the PMC, the court was informed.On Friday, the court took up all the petitions filed by the residents of different localities, including the one related to Kadamkuan. The executive officer of the concerned area, who was present in the court, informed the court that water had been drained out from a large part of the locality though there were certain parts which still needed to be cleared. He assured the court that by Saturday water would be drained out from those parts as well.A fresh affidavit was filed on Friday in the HC as per the court's directive on Thursday in which the petitioner-cum-intervener advocate Vivek Prasad stated that the PMC has not acted on its duty to clear the accumulated water in Patliputra Colony. The court directed the PMC to file a progress report along with the compliance report on September 27.The HC also directed PMC to spray DDT and gammexane powder in the affected areas to prevent the outbreak of any epidemic in those areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "thakurnagar, gaighata (north 24-parganas)", "code": "16498596", "title": "Mamata Banerjee hijacks Left agenda, vows storm over FDI", "text": "THAKURNAGAR, GAIGHATA (NORTH 24-PARGANAS): Hours before her MPs lined up in Delhi to formally sever ties with the UPA II, Mamata Banerjee on Friday raised the pitch to combat level and swore at FDI entry in multi-brand retail.Sounding like Left Front leaders who lost no opportunity in Centre-bashing on issues like revenue-sharing, subsidy, petroleum price and FDI, Mamata raised the spectre of home-grown retailers being systematically throttled by foreign retail giants.\"These giant retail players will sell cheap for six months to wipe out competition from locals. Once they have monopoly, they will hike prices and make people pay through their nose. Don't get lured by the glitz and glamour of big malls. Drive them away. Let us fight them with ferocity and show what Bengal is made of. From Bengal, we will raise a storm,\" Mamata said.\"We may not have money power. In democracy, money and muscle power is nothing. We have manpower that is the most important thing. I am not afraid of anyone. I don't care. As long as I live, I will do so like a tigress,\" she told the crowd.The occasion on Friday was to lay the foundation stone of a government college. But, with an eye on next year's panchayat polls, Mamata announced a slew of schemes for farmers, women and the minorities, who comprise her principal support base.Referring to her decision to quit the Centre, Mamata said she could give up everything (including a Cabinet berth) but not relinquish her land and people. \"I don't want anything new in life. It has been a struggle all along and I have had many battles. Who knows if I will live tomorrow or get killed. But so long I am there, I have the wealth of people's blessings,\" she said.Lashing out at the Centre for turning the aam admi's life into a nightmare with frequent hike in petroleum prices, Mamata said Delhi had no business lowering the number of subsidized LPG cylinders to just six because the subsidy on LPG and fertilizer was paid from the corpus of central taxes collected from the states.\"Only 32% of the collection is handed back to the state. The rest is devoured by the Centre and used to fund social projects named after the Congress leaders,\" the chief minister said referring to schemes such as the Indira Awaas Yojna and Rajiv Gandhi Krishi Vikas Yojna. Ironically, she had handed out doles to beneficiaries under the schemes only moments earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16498659", "title": "Gunfire shocks quiet Jadavpur locality", "text": "KOLKATA: In an attack that chillingly reminded of the shooting of a Kasba homemaker, a bike gang struck a busy residential locality in a posh area in Jadavpur on Friday morning.Two goons snatched a gold chain off an elderly woman's neck in Central Park around 8am, when the road was teeming with shoppers. When a few local youths challenged them, the pillion rider whipped out a pistol and fired at the crowd. It was sheer luck that no one was hurt. The 7.65mm bullet got embedded in the road but it could easily have ricocheted off it and struck a passerby or even someone sitting in their house.The attack has so many similarities with the Kasba shooting that police suspect the same gang is involved. It's the fifth such snatching in the locality in the one year.Residents are in panic after the shooting. Debesh Chakraborty, whose house is a few yards from the crime scene, was in the balcony waiting for his wife to come back from the bazaar when he witnessed the attack. \"An elderly neighbour was buying flowers from a roadside vendor. I noticed that a youth, wearing a helmet, had been sitting on a motorbike for some time. Suddenly, another young man moved towards the elderly woman, snatched her chain and ran towards the motorbike,\" he said.The flower vendor, Abhijit Sen, was the first to give chase. Another shopkeeper, Bhanu, and some local youths joined him. \"The snatcher turned around, pointed a pistol at them and fired. He jumped on the bike and they sped off,\" said Chakraborty.Sarbani Roy, another resident, said that the area was always crowded in the morning. \"It turns into a market. We all go there to buy fish, vegetables and flowers. If people aren't safe during the daytime in such a crowded, residential locality, it's really alarming,\" said Roy. \"I have decided to not wear a single piece of gold or any valuable ornament on the road,\" she added.Sankalpita Goswami, another homemaker, is equally scared. \"We feel helpless and frightened but we cannot stay cooped up at home. So, I have decided not to wear any gold. In fact, I took off even the bangles and chain I wear regularly as soon as I heard of the shooting,\" said Goswami.Sanjay Sengupta, who has been living in the area for 50 years, says he and his neighbours are terrified. \"Six months ago, goons snatched a chain from my next-door neighbour Nandita Mazumdar around 5pm, just yards from my house. If we are not safe where we live, things will get very difficult,\" said Sengupta, who is the secretary of Central Park Youth Association.Police said that Nanda Kundu, the 63-year-old victim, is so traumatized that she is not ready to lodge a complaint. However, they managed to convince her son, Gautam, to file an FIR after which the investigation was handed to the detective department. \"We have recovered an empty cartridge from the spot,\" said DC, SSD, Sujay Chanda. Police also probing the links with the previous incident in Kasba.\"It's really alarming. We have started motorcycle patrolling in the evening to thwart such crimes. The night patrol continues till morning to protect morning walkers. Despite our efforts, such daring robberies are really giving us sleepless nights,\" admitted an officer of Kolkata police. Police are trying to get a description of the two goons from the witnesses but it is tough since they were wearing full-face helmets, just as in the Kasba case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497417", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations: Mild showers raise spirits while mandals take guard against rain", "text": "MUMBAI: The renewed showers mid-September have not surprised Ganesh devotees, who are aware that his birth month of Bhadrapad is integral to the Indian monsoon. A modest spell of rain buoys the spirits of crowds outside pandals, which erupt in a loud chorus of 'Ganpati Bappa Morya!'The Lalbaugcha Raja has the use of the BMC ground adjacent to the pandal. The shed erected on the site can accommodate up to a few thousand people at a time. \"The enclosure is large enough for a crowd capacity of 25,000-30,000. However, the rest , forced to wait in long lines outside, seldom seem to mind the rain. They look around at lakhs of devotees waiting faithfully for darshan and the physical discomfort dissolves,\" said mandal president Ashok Pawar. Devotees in the wish-fulfilment line are warned of a waiting time of 24-30 hours.Nearby, Ganesh Gully has put up an awning on either side of its Pashupatinath temple to shelter visitors. Siddhesh Korgaonkar, assistant treasurer, says, \"Ordinarily, people stand in a single file, but if it starts to rain, they bunch up side by side, given that the awning is wide. We have stretched the shelter as far as the BMC would allow us. Any further and we would stand the risk of penalty.\"At the Tejukaya mandal across the road, the temporary shed erected for its tall Ganpati also serves to shelter devotees during a heavy spell. \"Once the downpour begins, we relax the lines and usher people inside the mandap. The remainder takes shelter under the awnings of shops lining the route,\" said mandal member Rahul Dhumne.The Tejukaya Ganesh stands tall beside a model of a farmer beating a 'dafli' as if to awaken the deity to the woes of the farming community.Dhumne said the occasional shower drives the spirits of the crowd that arrives from all parts of the city.Over at Khetwadi, the 12th Lane mandal has always had a zigzag queue system designed to accommodate the maximum number of devotees within the street corner pandal. Organizers are witnessing a rush of sightseers native to Gujarat and Rajasthan, along with a sprinkling of foreign tourists, who have been lured by reports of it being a replica of the Iskcon temple.Mandal secretary Shankar Harale said, \"The detail of the architecture, crystal chandeliers and our regal 12ft Ganesh is such a draw that people queue up, come rain or shine. Thousands have come already and that number will swell to lakhs over the weekend.\"Harale took a tour of Girgaum on Thursday and saw several visitors wait their turn patiently in the pouring rain.City sees short but smart spells of rainThough the official weather stations of the meteorological department barely recorded any rainfall in the city in the last two days, certain pockets have been receiving short but smart spells of rain. Between Thursday and Friday evening, Colaba recorded no rainfall, whereas Santa Cruz recorded 11.5 mm. But many areas received more than 20 mm in the same period. Sion, for example, received 38 mm\u2014the highest\u2014and Chembur received 34 mm. Other high scorers were Byculla (21 mm), Dharavi (23 mm), Matunga (21 mm) and Wadala (26 mm).Experts say there is no large-scale active weather system over the city as of now. \"Systems that generally cause rain, like offshore troughs, are quite feeble,\" said V K Rajeev, director, Regional Weather Forecasting Centre. Explaining why certain areas received rainfall and others none, he said the former areas might have received spells of localized rain. \"Some areas may have had clouding. But overall, the skies have been clear. Without an active system, the city as a whole is unlikely to get heavy rainfall.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500290", "title": "Don\u2019t upset trade, N-plant protesters told", "text": "CHENNAI: Union shipping minister G K Vasan on Friday appealed to the anti-Kudankulam protesters to withdraw their decision tostop ship movementsin the region on Saturday . The protesters have decided to stop vessel movementstoTuticorin port as part of their ongoing protest against the commissioning of theKudankulam plant . Protesters are planning to stop vessels by blocking an approach channel . Vasan said the protest would affect export and import in the region . \"Blocking the approach channel will affect routine operations of the port andthecargohandling willhave tobestopped .Thiswillhaveserious impact on the trade and revenueof the portthatcontributes alottotheeconomyof thestate ,\" saidV asan .Thestoppageof vesselsislikely tohitforeign vessels sailing towardsTuticorin coast . Vasan said the nuclear plant is a necessity for TamilN adu at a time when the state is suffering from shortageof power .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16499516", "title": "Device lobs popcorn into mouth", "text": "NEW YORK: Popcorn lovers, here is how you can have your snack without getting your hands sticky!All you need to say is 'pop'! A new popcorn dispenser locates the origin of your voice and flings popcorn into your mouth even from 15 feet away.Popcorn Indiana which developed the technology has said that 'the popinator' is still in testing phase. \"One thing that never changes about popcorn is how people eat it, how they get it in their mouths, whether it's directly from a bag or from a bowl. But how cool would it be if you could change the way people eat popcorn,\" said Barry, from Popcorn Indiana.\"The machine uses a binaural microphone system, which is similar to the way the human hearing system works,\" one of the company's electrical engineers was quoted as saying by the paper. It determines voice origins with slight differences in the arrival time of sound waves.You might need to move your head slightly to catch the popcorn in your mouth because every piece of popcorn travels differently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497633", "title": "India\u2019s official entry to Oscars to be announced today", "text": "MUMBAI: India's official entry to the Oscars will be announced on Saturday evening. Around 20 films from various languages are being evaluated by jury members of the Film Federation of India. Vidya Balan's two films, 'Kahani' and 'The Dirty Picture', have been nominated. A number of Hindi films top the list of entries with about seven films including 'Paan Singh Tomar', 'Gangs of Wasseypur' 1 &amp; 2, Ranbir Kapoor's 'Barfi', Madhur Bhandarkar's 'Heroine' and Vidhu Vinod Chopra's 'Ferrari Ki Sawari'.It is for the first time the NFDC has sent this year's national award winning Punjabi film 'Anhey Ghorhey Da Daan' and Chidlren Film Society of India too makes its debut with 'Gattu'.There are representations from regional cinema too. There are three Marathi films including Mahesh Manjrekar's 'Kaksparsh', Umesh Kulkarni's 'Deool' which has already won National award in three categories and 'Tukaram'.Some of the other films are Balaji Sakthivel's 'Vazhakku EN 18/9' and Rajmouli's 'Eega'.Industry pundits feel the number of entries to the Oscar has gone up and there is an interesting mix of films. A senior member said, \"It is going to be difficult for the jury to make the right choice this time as films from all kinds of cinema has made it to the list\".L Suresh of the South Indian Film Chamber of Commerce said, \"We will make the announcement on Saturday evening\".Last year, Salim Ahamed's 'Adaminte Makan Abu' (Malayalam film) had been chosen as India's official entry to the Oscars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497869", "title": "Chennai duo told to pay Rs 17L to south Mumbai man", "text": "MUMBAI: The South Mumbai Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum ordered two Chennai-based men to pay Rs 6.22 lakh as compensation to a Nepean Sea Road resident for making him pay Rs 11.24 lakh as charges to get him a Rs 1-crore loan but failing to deliver on their promise. The complainant, R S Kshirsagar, never received the loan. Now, he would also be refunded the Rs 11.24 lakh.In July 2006, Kshirsagar responded to an ad placed by the duo, TGR Giridharan and G Shanker Ganesh, which said they could provide loans against property. Kshirsagar was in need of Rs 1-crore loan. Ganesh quoted an interest rate of 4.3% at reducing balance with a payment period of 15 years. He also said service charges would be levied, 1% initially and 1% at the time of disbursement.Ganesh also sought various documents, including Kshirsagar's property proof, salary slip, income tax returns, etc. Kshirsagar had to pay Rs 11,000 as verification and valuation fee. Ganesh directed him to deposit Rs 50,000 and Rs 49,000 in each of their accounts. He made Kshirsagar send him and Giridharan two business class tickets and provide accommodation in Mumbai so they could verify his documents. When the duo was in Mumbai, they invited Kshirsagar and his wife to visit Chennai on August 20, 2006 and collect the loan amount. However, on August 19, 2006, they told him not to come as the demand draft was not ready and asked him to deposit Rs 25,000 in their account. In September 2006, Kshirsagar deposited Rs 10 lakh in their accounts as per directions received from Ganesh.However, the loan amount was never sanctioned. Although the duo returned Rs 50,000 to Kshirsagar in 2007, they did not give him the rest of his money. Aggrieved, Kshirsagar filed a complaint with the forum in February 2008.The duo denied the allegations and contended that they only facilitate loans from Chennai-based financiers. They said the advertisement placed by them never said that they will provide the loan and according to their agreement with Kshirsagar, their fee was not refundable. Holding Giridharan and Ganesh guilty of deficiency in service, the forum said there was nothing in the advertisement to say they would only be a facilitator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497257", "title": "13/7 accused\u2019s son turns key witness in case", "text": "MUMBAI: The 22-year-old son of accused Kafeel Ansari, arrested for his role in 13/7, is one of the main witnesses listed in the supplementary chargesheet filed by the Anti-Terrorism Squad. While Ansari was arrested in February by Delhi police, his son's four-page statement was recorded in Mumbai on May 29.The witness gave a detailed description of how his father helped Yasin Bhatkal, the attack's alleged mastermind, and suspected bomber Tehasin Akhtar Shaikh aka Monu, get accommodation in Mumbai.The witness said Ansari ran a cycle repair shop in Darbhnaga, Bihar, and later worked in Saudi Arabia. After his class 12, the witness arrived in Mumbai in 2009 to study further. He said when he returned to the village in 2010 due to ill health, he was introduced to Yasin through his father's acquaintance as an engineer from Delhi. The witness later returned to Mumbai later.On July 1, 2011, Ansari called up his son and told him one 'Monu' would arrive from Darbhanga. Monu arrived on July 6, 2011, accompanied by Yasin. The witness took them to his room, where Monu said he planned to study engineering. Yasin told the witness that he was staying at Bhendi Bazaar and left.The witness said Monu, who later identified himself as Tehasin, would frequently leave the room with his haversack and return late. He said he was not getting a college of his choice.The witness said Yasin visited the room on July 8, but attempts to get Yasin's mobile number were stalled on some pretext or the other by both Yasin and Tehasin.The witness then left for Darbhanga on July 10, 2011, where he heard about the triple blasts in Mumbai. He said four to five days after the blasts, Yasin and Tehasin met his father at their mosque in Darbhanga. When the witness returned to Mumbai on September 13, his cousin and roommate told him that on July 13, the day of the blasts, Tehasin left home in the morning but did not return.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16501798", "title": "Special train to run between Santragachi-Yeshwantpur", "text": "Hubli: South Eastern Railway (SER) has decided to run special trains, only one trip in each direction, between Santragachi- Yeshwantpur -Santragachi (Train number.08003/08004) on September 22 from Santragachi end and from Yeshwantpur end on Monday, (September 24) to clear extra rush . Accordingly, Train number.08003 Santragachi- Yeshwantpur special will depart from Santragachi at 08-45 hrs on September 22 and arrive at Yeshwantpur at 18-00 hrs on September 23. En route, the special train will depart from Kharagpur at 10-25 hrs, Balasore at 12-17 hrs, Bhadrak at 13-10 hrs, Cuttack at 14-45 hrs, Bhubaneswar at 15-25 hrs, Khurda Road at 16-10 hrs, Brahmapur at 18-10 hrs, Vizianagaram at 21-30 hrs, Visakhapatnam at 22-55 hrs, Samalkot at 01-10 hrs, Rajahmundry at 02-00 hrs, Vijayawada at 05-20 hrs, Gudur at 10-15 hrs, Renigunta at 11-35 hrs, Katpadi at 14-00 hrs, Jolarpettai at 15-30 hrs and arrive at Krishnarajapuram at 16-28 hrs on September 23. In the return direction, train number.08004 Yeshwantpur -Santragachi special will depart from Yeshwantpur at 20-20 hrs on September 24 and arrive at Santragachi at 12-10 hrs on September 26. En route, the special train will arrive at Krishnarajapuram at 21-05 hrs, Jolarpettai at 01-40 hrs, Katpadi at 03-55 hrs, Renigunta at 06-55 hrs, Gudur at 08-38 hrs, Vijayawada at 14-10 hrs, Rajahmundry at 17-04 hrs, Samalkot at 17-46 hrs, Visakhapatnam at 22-20 hrs, Vizianagaram at 23-35 hrs, Brahmapur at 02-32 hrs, Khurda Road at 04-40 hrs, Bhubaneswar at 05-20 hrs, Cuttack at 06-05 hrs, Bhadrak at 07-50 hrs, Balasore at 08-40 hrs and Kharagpur at 10-25 hrs on September 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16502688", "title": "Indian men need all the tips: Madhura Naik", "text": "UTV Bindass is back with the second season of reality show Super Dude and this time around, it's the super hot model, actress and singer Madhura Naik who will host the show.Season two of Super Dude will see 13 dudes at the dude mansion! Talking about her take on Indian men, Madhura says, \"Indian men need to break the typical mentality. I've lived abroad and now that I'm here, I see a huge difference. Indian men need all the tips they possibly can get. Just because a girl wears short skirts and smokes and drinks, she's not easy! In India, you get typecast so easily!\"Talking about Super Dude, Madhura adds, \"We went to Delhi, Chandigarh and Mumbai for auditions and have picked up the coolest dudes. As their host, I will be helping the 13 boys and will assist them in tasks\".Talking about the dude in her life, Madhura dispels all relationship rumours and confirms in the affirmative, \"Karan (Kundra) and I are dating. It's in the initial phases but we are very much seeing each other\".Super Dude airs next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16498751", "title": "Standing committee up in arms against civic chief", "text": "NAGPUR: In a first of its kind in the history of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), the standing committee adjourned its meeting condemning the absence of municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane.The apex financial body also directed the administration to issue show cause notices to six high-ranking officials for their absence.Explaining the reason behind the decision, chairman of the standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari said that Wardhane is yet to attend a meeting since taking charge. \"Proposals come to the committee after the consent of the civic chief who too is the implementing official. The presence of the municipal commissioner may pave the way for proper decision-making and implementation of financial proposals. Wardhane was present in the office and left for NIT before the commencement of the meeting. Officials present in the meeting enquired and informed about Wardhane's presence in NIT. But he was not present even at the NIT,\" he said.A large number of proposals related to increase in revenue are pending with the civic chief since a long time. \"Wardhane is neither rejecting the proposals nor giving approval raising many questions. Even other officials have started skipping meetings. Six officials who are heading various departments were absent without any intimation. A few more remained absent citing one reason or the other. Such an attitude towards the apex financial body is condemnable,\" said Tiwari.Meanwhile, Wardhane expressed shock over the standing committee's decision and said that he was present in his office throughout the day. \"I went to NIT to finish urgent work related to mantralya. The time to go to NIT was fixed well in advance. I have been given additional charge of NIT for a few days. Anyone can go and check my signatures to confirm my presence,\" explained Wardhane.He added that according to the norms, it's not mandatory for the civic chief to attend the standing committee meeting. According to section 46 of the City of Nagpur Corporation (CNC) Act, the municipal commissioner is the principal executive officer of the NMC and it's not binding on him to attend meetings.Sources told TOI that the standing committee started its meeting very late. \"According to the agenda, the meeting was to start at 3.30pm sharp. Before he left for NIT, Wardhane was in his office till 4.30pm. Few members of the standing committee attend the meeting on a regular basis,\" said sources.Justifying the delay in starting the meeting, Tiwari said that members were stuck due to heavy rain. \"No proposals are remaining with the panel for the next meeting. Wardhane is sitting on many proposals. I fear that there would be no new proposal in the next meeting,\" said Tiwari.Keeping the state government's latest guidelines in mind, Tiwari holds the meeting of the standing committee once a week.Meanwhile, mayor Anil Sole has called for a meeting of the general body on September 28. The proposal to introduce the capital-based property tax, which is already running two years late, will be on the agenda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16501401", "title": "Baromas making rounds in the city", "text": "As the Marathi movie 'Baromas', is making film festival rounds, it was time for Nagpurians too to enjoy this film, which is adapted from the book with the same name and deals with farmer suicides from Vidarbha.The cast and crew were also present at the do including Benjamin Gelani, Devika Daftardar, P Sajith, Dhiraj Meshram, along with the writer Dr Sadanand Deshmukh. Making their presence felt were Anil Deshmukh and Mahesh Elkunchwar, Girish Gandhi among some others. Mahesh Elkunchwar was sharing light moments with the writer of the film Dr Sadanand, before the screening, saying that many times the writer of the book from which a movie is adapted is forgotten, so it's great to see Dhiraj not following suit! We caught up with actress of the film, Devika Daftardar, who spoke about the ongoing Ganesh festival.Looking pretty in a traditional green saree she said, \"As we have a very packed schedule for today, I will surely be missing doing the Ganesh puja at home but once I reach Pune, I can go back to doing the puja. Every year I eagerly wait for this festival as I like to hog on the tasty modaks that my mother makes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500097", "title": "UK citizen, freelance journalist, kills self at Adyar apartment", "text": "CHENNAI: A 58-year-old freelance online editor for the Oxford University Press (OUP) in London committed suicide by hanging from a window of his Adyar apartment on Tuesday . Police said a note recovered from the desktop of the journalist , R Roderick Vaughan Hudson , read , \"I have run out of hope . I am causing pain to those who I love .Idon'tlike the person I am now .\" Hudson , a British citizen , married S Geetha , 54, a divorcee , in 2007 and the couple lived in a 4th floor flat at Jeevarathinam Nagar in Adyar . Geetha , a programme officer with Dakshina Chitra , an art centre , returned home around 6.30 pm and found a piece of paper that read , 'Don't open the door , call the police ,' on the main door . The door of the house was unlocked . She entered and found her husband hanging by a leather belt. Soon , the Sastri Nagar police sent the body to the Government Royapettah Hospital for postmortem . It was handed over to Geetha on Wednesday after postmortem and buried in Mylapore . Geetha told investigation officials that two weeks ago shesaw a 'suicide note' written by Hudson , an onlineeditor for the OUP for the past two decades , on his desktop and that she managed to persuade him to drop his plans . She also asked him to make a visit to London , police said . Geetha told investigating officers that her husband had appeared frustrated of late as he didn't get regular assignments and had begun drinking .Hefailedtocompletesome assignments on time , she said . Geetha , daughter of retired superintendent of police Kirubakaran ,hadearlier married Suri Thottapalli , police said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16498349", "title": "NCP has no plans to pull out of UPA: Sharad Pawar", "text": "MUMBAI: On a day Trinamool Congress ministers tendered their resignation, withdrawing support from the UPA, NCP president and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar reviewed the political situation with his senior NCP colleagues.At a marathon meeting on Friday held at the residence of his trusted aide and Union heavy industries minister Praful Patel, Pawar made it clear that despite the TMC's stand, the NCP will continue to support the UPA. The meeting was also attended by deputy CM Ajit Pawar, home minister R R Patil, PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal, irrigation minister Sunil Tatkare and state NCP president Madhukar Pichad.According to a senior NCP minister, Pawar explained the impact of FDI in the retail sector. \"NCP's views on FDI are very clear. NCP is always in favour of FDI and with the introduction of FDI in retail sector, there will be a major boost to the economy,\" he said.The minister said the massive hike in price of diesel and the Centre's proposal to impose a cap on LPG cylinders too were discussed.\"We feel that the Centre should reconsider the massive hike in diesel prices. It will result in large scale inflation of essential commodities,\" he said. When asked if Pawar discussed the charges of corruption against Bhujbal, Tatkare and minister of state for transport Gulabrao Deokar, the minister said that was not on the agenda for the meeting. \"The meeting was intended to brief state NCP leaders on the current political situation vis-a-vis the stand taken by the NCP,\" he said.According to reports, Pawar has sought information on the charges against the ministers and what the cabinet members have to say on the allegations. While Deokar's case is pending before the Jalgaon court, Bhujbal and Tatkare have described the charges against them as politically motivated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16498995", "title": "Planning board to focus on boosting rural economy", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa state planning board wants to boost the primary sectors of agriculture, animal husbandry, fisheries and the like at the micro-level of the Goan village, thus aiming to realize the concept of a self-sustaining village in the state, deputy chairman Datta Kholkar said.In its first meeting held recently, Manohar Parrikar , chairman of the newly-constituted board, directed that a high-level monitoring committee be constituted within the next 15 days, to ensure that the government schemes reach and flourish in the villages of Goa.Kholkar told TOI, \"Basically, the planning board will go to the villages. We will take the village as a unit for the planning process. We have decided to strengthen rural development in Goa by concentrating on areas like health care, education, drinking water, water resources, sanitation and such basic needs which relate directly to human development. These will be monitored very closely, especially in the talukas of Sanguem, Quepem, Sattari, Bicholim, Canacona, etc.\"Elaborating, he said that if a village has scope for the development of agriculture, the board will find the bottlenecks impeding this development. \"We will look into this and provide solutions. For example, a village like Malkarnem runs close to Selaulim in Quepem taluka. But Malkarnem does not have water. It needs only about 600m or one kilometre of pipeline to take water to the village. The planning board will try to concentrate on such type of micro-level planning,\" Kholkar said.He also said that while the above ideas were proposed at the first meeting, more concrete action plans will materialize by the next meeting, scheduled within three months. \"We will finalize a plan for strengthening rural development in Goa. Development of the primary sector will be taken up on priority. By the primary sector, I mean the agriculture, animal husbandry, fisheries, etc. We will try to make these generate revenue. Then, our dependence on other states will be reduced.\"He added that there is potential for development in these sectors and that people are ready to venture into these activities, but small hiccups remain. The planning board will seek to sort these out. Kholkar cited the example of a government scheme to boost milk production. According to Kholkar, two reasons that impede milk production in Goa are the lack of water sources and lack of proper veterinary services. Besides, there are dispensaries but no doctors. We can only sort these out if we go to the villages,\" he said.Strengthening the rural economy will not only bring prosperity to the villages, but will also reduce Goa's dependence on other states for milk and agriculture and further reduce the demand for government jobs, he added.Initially, the board will identify some villages in all Goan talukas, and these villages will be taken up on a pilot basis in the first year. More villages will be added in the second year, Kholkar said.While the chief minister is the chairman, the board's members include all government secretaries, heads of departments and 18 non-official members. The chairman has directed that the planning board should compulsorily meet every three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16499021", "title": "Kerala plans to become 'fully organic' by 2015", "text": "KANNUR: By adopting eco-friendly farming methods, the state government plans to make Kerala a \"fully organic state\" by 2015, said state agriculture minister K P Mohanan. \"Following the footsteps of Sikkim , we have already started efforts to promote organic farming in Kerala and it has already started in Kasaragod district,\" he said while speaking at the inauguration of the second International Horti Expo-2012 at Police Ground here on Friday. \"This will also ensure that the Endosulfan tragedy will not be repeated,\" he said. \"As part of the efforts to make Kerala an organic state, the government is taking the help of the experts from Sikkim, which would be declared a fully organic state by 2013,\" he added.The government is also planning to organize an Agricultural Investors' Meet (AIM) in October to attract more investors in the filed of agriculture.MLA A P Abdullakutty presided over the function and MP K Sudhakaran inaugurated the theme pavilion. Dr K Prathapan, mission director, state horticulture mission also spoke on the occasion.An international seminar on hi-tech farming will be held as part of the expo on Saturday. Also, a farmers' seminar on hi-tech farming will be organized on September 23. At the expo organized by the state horticulture mission in association with other agencies, there are around 250 stalls, including from Norway, Italy, Israel, Sri Lanka and The Netherlands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497691", "title": "Railway counters, toilets for the handicapped on track", "text": "MUMBAI: Physically challenged passengers will soon get accessible booking counters and toilets at suburban stations if the design gets the high court-appointed committee's nod.A petition was filed by the India Centre for Human Rights and Law in the Bombay HC seeking directives to the railways to provide \"accessible facilities at stations and on suburban trains\".\"A prototype of disabled-friendly low-height booking counters, a separate toilet and drinking water dispensing facility has been set up at Dadar station,\" a senior railway official said.\"If the panel appointed by the high court gives its approval, Central Railway will start constructing similar facilities at other stations,\" he added. Western Railway has created a such facilities at Bandra Terminus. Currently, there are only six disabled-friendly toilets at 109 local stations in Mumbai.\"The railways should have involved us right at the stage of drawings. I have visited these facilities but they are not up to the mark,\" said Sudhir Badami, member of the HC-appointed panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16502881", "title": "Rangayana plans museum on theatre", "text": "Mysore: If Rangayana has its way, the cultural hub could have a museum mapping the growth of Kannada theatre and opening a window to it. The theatre repertory, in its mission to set up the museum taking the artifacts collected by doyen of Kannada theatre B V Karanth, has approached the government for funds. After getting a positive response, it has now written to B V Karanth Trust to hand over the artifacts. The plan is to set up the museum by year-end so that the repertory has the facility in place by January 14, 2013, when it will turn 25. \"Our idea is to complete the project, so that we celebrate the silver jubilee meaningfully,\" Rangayana director B V Rajaram said on Friday. \"The government has said that it will fund the project,\" he said, adding that they have plans to set up a national theatre museum too. There is no such facility in India, and being the pioneer of theatre movement in India, Rangayana is aiming to take the lead. \"There is a saying that 'theatre dies every night'. Unlike other means of art, theatre is not documented, which is a serious lacuna. We've to conserve theatre so that it is carried forward to the next generation,\" he told reporters. To commemorate the silver jubilee celebrations of Rangayana, the government is instituting an award in the name of Karanth, which will be presented in January. The government will form a panel to select the awardee.THEATRE FEST FROM TODAY Rangayana, in honour of its founder-director B V Karanth, is hosting a five-day theatre festival from Saturday. Three plays directed by the legendary theatre personality, including critically acclaimed 'Kindara Jogi' will be staged during the festival. It will be taken to Bangalore's Ravindra Kalakshetra on October 11 and 12. \"It is a decade since Karanth died on September 1, 2002. We are hosting the festival in his memory,\" Rajaram added. There will be an interaction with Kannada writer Vaidehi on Sunday at 12.30pm followed by screening of a documentary on him produced by P N Ramachandra at 2.30pm. He will later interact with the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16502091", "title": "Maoist formation day peaceful in south Odisha", "text": "KORAPUT: The formation day celebrations of the Maoists passed off peacefully without any violence in the Red-hit Koraput, Malkangiri, Rayagada and Nabarangapur districts of south Odisha amid tight security arrangements on Friday.Every year, the rebels observe September 21 as their formation day as the party was born on this day in 2004 after the merger of the Maoist Communist Centre of India (MCC), the People's War Group (PWG) and the Communist Party of India (Marxist-Leninist).Over the last week, the Maoists had put up posters and banners at several places in the southern districts urging people to celebrate the day in a big way. Posters were spotted in large numbers at Undrukonda, Potakhal and Bhenjagwada areas in Kalimela police station area on Thursday.\"At present, the situation is under control and no violence has been reported. But we can't be complacent and police are on high alert,\" said DIG (south west range) S Devdutta Singh.Sources said life was unaffected on Friday in the Maoist dominated areas of Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon of Koraput district, Muniguda and Chandrapur of Rayagada district and Kalimela and Chitrakonda of Malkangiri district. Buses ran on regular routes, shops and markets remained open.Police, on its part, was fully prepared to tackle violence. \"All necessary security arrangements were made to avoid any untoward incident. Additional forces had been deployed at a few strategic locations and we were very watchful,\" said Koraput SP Awinash Kumar.Police said people should not confuse the Maoists celebration with a bandh. \"The Maoists had not given a bandh call and traffic was normal across the district,\" the SP added.However, there was palpable tension among common people of the area after the Red rebels murdered a ward member in Nabarangapur district on charges of being a police informer on Thursday, and security personnel recovered two powerful landmines from Jeypore-Malkangiri road the day before.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497826", "title": "Homoeopaths\u2019 body grills Versova doctor", "text": "MUMBAI: Versova homoeopath Abdullah Momin challenged the police over his right to write a death certificate during Friday's inquiry by the Maharashtra Council of Homoeopathy. The doctor is in the eye of a storm for having assessed that 26-year-old Rameez Chougle died of \"natural causes\" on July 4 even as his sister Rehab was hospitalized with symptoms of poisoning.DCP Pratap Dighavkar had written to the homoeopathic council seeking the termination of Momin's licence, and by corollary, his authority to issue death certificates. He said the police was facing \"lack of faith from the media\" in the pesticide poisoning case. However, he has not questioned how the doctor assessed this as a \"natural death\" despite the victim's age, the fact the he had been ill for only two hours and that his sister was hospitalized with similar symptoms.Council president Dr Bahubali Shah said, \"Momin has handed over an elaborate 17-point defence along with supporting documents totalling 40 pages. He has challenged police claims that he stepped outside the purview of his mandate to issue the death certificate given that he was not the treating doctor. We will refer his arguments to DCP Dighavkar early next week and engage our council's legal advisor as well.\"Momin did not bring a lawyer to represent him but \"appeared to have sought legal help\" to ferret out relevant provisions in various rule books to see him through. \"He quoted the council Act, the CrPC and the BMC proforma over death certificates,\" said Dr Shah.The council's decision will likely arrive at its next meeting towards October-end. Dr Shah told TOI that should the council find Momin guilty, it will explore the gamut of options from suspension for 1-12 months right upto termination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kannada actor aindrita ray seems to be in trouble. choreographer imran sardhariya has accused her of unprofessional behaviour on the sets, and also of allegedly stopping her good friend diganth from signing up for films that involve imran following an alleged tiff on the sets.  imran", "code": "16501125", "title": "Aindrita Ray targeted?", "text": "Kannada actor Aindrita Ray seems to be in trouble. Choreographer Imran Sardhariya has accused her of unprofessional behaviour on the sets, and also of allegedly stopping her good friend Diganth from signing up for films that involve Imran following an alleged tiff on the sets.  Imran: She is unprofessional Aindrita and her co-star Vijay had been flown to Singapore for the shoot of a song for their film Rajanikantha. Trouble began when Aindrita allegedly began to treat it as a pleasure trip. Imran says, \"I was in charge of the choreography for that song. Aindrita reported late and was hung over. She was unable to do the steps that were planned for the song. She asked me not to take close-up shots as she'd been partying late the previous night. When she threw tantrums, I told her that she was being unprofessional. That upset her, so I had to apologize before we got around to wrapping up the shoot.\" According to Imran, the apology may not have been sufficient, as he claims, \"Diganth was to do a photo shoot for my directorial debut. But after we returned to Bangalore, he kept postponing it. Later, he admitted that he would not do my film as his 'good friend' Aindrita had asked him not to. He also said his personal life was more important to him than his professional life.\" Aindrita: I am being targeted. It's a ploy \"This is an obvious ploy to malign my name and reputation in the industry. The producer of Rajanikantha , K Manju, is also producing Imran's directorial debut. What Diganth chooses to do, as far as his career is concerned, is totally his business. I have no say in his professional matters. I have no interest in what films other people take up or do. The team is spreading such nastly rumours because of its difference with Diganth \u2014 and that is unfair. I was never hung over on the sets of Rajanikantha. The team has never had to wait for me for even a single shot. A film unit has so many members on the sets, and they will all vouch for it.\" she says.Contributed by - Mahesh H", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16502537", "title": "Handique Girls' College student body polls pass off peacefully", "text": "GUWAHATI: The student body election of Handique Girls' College on Friday saw Dimple Das bagging the prestigious post of president of the student union, defeating her nearest rival, Ayesha Chaudhury, by over 700 votes. Manisha Deka was elected vice-president. This is the first time that the posts of president and vice-president were included in the election of the student body.The general secretary's post was won by Liucinya Borchetia, while that of the assistant general secretary was bagged by Nrityanjali Sarmah. Others who won the elections include Shyamalima Das (cultural secretary), Purnima Hazarika (common room secretary), Kakoli Barman (games and sports secretary), Pompy Kakoti (community service secretary), and Sujata Gogoi (debate and symposium secretary).The post of magazine secretary went to Himashri Kalita uncontested.Pompy Kakoty, who won the post of community service secretary, said, \"It obviously feels great, we are planning a lot of improvements in the college including an auditorium and a common room.\"Alaka Chakraborty, vice-principal of the college, said, \"This year, more than 900 students voted as compared to 647 last year. The total number of students in the college is 2,500. The election went of smoothly although we had made all necessary security arrangements.\"She also said, \"We have introduced the post of president and vice-president as per the Supreme Court directive, but professors would be there to help students take major decisions and students will have to keep us posted on everything.\"Though there are no political parties involved in the election, sources said that some candidates were backed by Aasu.Students were seen cheering their favourite winning candidates who they feel would be able to solve problems of the college like an auditorium, an improvised canteen and better toilet facilities. Rimjhim Das, a second semester arts student, said, \"An auditorium is the most important requirement as of now and I hope the new students' body is able to work towards constructing a new auditorium and arrange a better canteen facility and a new common room too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16502807", "title": "Trinadha Rao to direct Varun Sandesh", "text": "Trinadha Rao Nakkina, who earlier directed youthful entertainer Mem Vayasuku Vacham, is all set to wield the megaphone for his next. The promising director will be teaming up with Varun Sandesh for another romantic entertainer, and producer J Sambasiva Rao is bringing this combination together under Sudha Cinema banner.Music director Sai Karthik is currently recording for a couple of melodious numbers for the film, which has two heroines. More details on this project are awaited. Sandesh is currently awaiting the release of Chammk Challo, directed by Neelakanta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16498858", "title": "Govt cushions impact of subsidy waiver of LPG", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a relief to consumers, the home minister P Chidambaram on Friday announced abolishment the import and excise duties on non-subsidized domestic LPG cylinders, bringing down their price by Rs 97 a unit in Delhi. It also asked states to subsidize LPG cylinders.The government had last week restricted supply of subsidized cooking gas to six per household in a year. Any requirement beyond this was to be purchased at the market price, which currently works out to Rs 895 per 14.2 kg cylinder.After the abolition of the 5% customs duty and 8% excise duty, the consumer price in Delhi would come to Rs 798. Subsidized cooking gas in Delhi is currently sold at Rs 399 a cylinder.\"Since some LPG cylinders will not be subsidized, we have amended the notification for the non-subsidized household LPG cylinders... customs and excise (on them) will be zero,\" Chidambaram told reporters.Non-subsidized commercial LPG cylinders, however, would continue to attract a customs duty of 5% and excise duty of 8%.Taking a cue from Congress-ruled states, which have increased the number of subsidized cylinders to nine per year, the minister asked other states to follow suit. \"I welcome the decision of certain state governments to subsidize three LPG cylinders per year in addition to the six cylinders for which the subsidy would be borne by the central government... I would commend all state governments to adopt such an approach,\" he said.The minister also welcomed the decision of the Bihar government to reduce VAT on diesel from 18% to 16%, which would cushion some of the impact of the Rs 5 price hike announced by the Centre last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16502940", "title": "PM Manmohan Singh for building climate that attract investments", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday favoured building a climate that attracts investments and establish fair and effective regulatory institutions on legal processes.Addressing a Conference on Economic Growth in Asia and Changes of Corporate Environment, he said the government is bracing to meet international standards in corporate laws and will soon bring before Parliament the new Companies Bill.\"We must build a climate that attracts investment and encourages and rewards innovation, and establish fair and effective regulatory institutions and also legal processes. Above all, we have the responsibility to ensure probity, transparency and accountability in processes of governance,\" he said at the conference.In response to transformational changes of this century, the Prime Minister said government was examining many of the commercial and corporate laws to make them relevant to the challenges that lie ahead, particularly for ensuring distributive equities and empowerment of the marginalised sections of our society.\"Increasing use of this word inclusive is indication of this new emphasis on equity in economic and social processes.\"He said new laws in areas such as regulation of securities market, competition and limited liability partnerships have been put in place.\"We will soon bring before Parliament the new Companies Bill that has been in the making for quite some time now,\" the Prime Minister told the audience that included delegates from Korea, Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia, CJI designate Altamas Kabir, Law Minister Salman Khurshid. (More) PTI AAC RKS VSC 09221359 NNNNAs Asian governments, the Prime Minister said India has the responsibility to ensure that corporate laws match up to international standards, that the regulation of stock exchanges comes up to the expectations of global investors and that banking and financial sectors are exemplars of both efficiency and stability.\"The evolving economic space has to be addressed by all organs of the government: the executive, legislature and the judiciary,\" he said, adding, \"Separation of powers has been the classical guarantee of constitutional government and the rule of law.\"The balance between the three organs may appear to get unsettled at times but ultimately it has stood the test of time, Singh said.He said whilst Parliament has endeavoured to give expression to the aspirations of the people, the higher judiciary in India has made the most remarkable innovations through judicial review, Public Interest or Social Action Litigation to amplify the Constitution's philosophy in a meaningful manner.Singh praised the Indian judiciary for delivering some judgements having international ramifications and assured that government was ready to adopt the transnational changes in corporate and economic laws.\"Judicial decisions may at times have transnational impact since the global financial and trade systems are also becoming closely integrated. Therefore, Judges of the 21st century therefore have to be social scientists, economists, political thinkers and philosophers. We in India can justifiably feel proud that we are blessed with some of the finest judicial minds of the world,\" he said.He also emphasised the role of corporate social responsibility which is intrinsically linked with the concept of sustainable development.\"Corporate governance including responsible conduct towards all the stakeholders, within the corporation as well as outside is also seen as good economics besides desired moral behaviour.\"Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) is therefore increasingly being seen as a fundamental dimension of the Social Contract between human beings and therefore sought to be subject to public disclosure and scrutiny. The contours and foot print of CSR are widely debated but there is today a growing consensus that it is intrinsically linked with the concept of sustainable development,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16498739", "title": "2-year-old girl succumbs to injuries", "text": "NAGPUR: After battling for life for a week, 2-year-old Puja Parate succumbed to her injuries suffered when she slipped from the stairs at an under-construction building at Manish Nagar in Sonegaon area last Thursday.On the morning of September 13, Puja's parents, both labourers, were busy working at the site when Puja was playing on the stairs. She slipped and tumbled down the stairs causing head injuries. She was rushed to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), where she died during treatment on Thursday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16501737", "title": "Maoists kill ward member in Nabarangpur", "text": "KORAPUT: The Maoists gunned down a ward member in Nabarangpur district on Thursday, suspecting him to be a police informer. The deceased has been identified as Rohidas Gondo (35).A group of three armed Red rebels reached Gondo's house at Rajpur village, over 100 km from Nabarangapur, within Kundei police limits around 11 am and pumped bullets into him after asking him to come out of the house. But the incident came to light in the evening as the area is remote.\"Gondo came out from his home after the trio called him to discuss some work. The Maoists tied his hands before gunning him down. The elected representative died on the spot and was found in a pool of blood,\" said a source at Kundei. The Mainpur divison of the CPI (Maoist), which operates in the border areas of Odisha and Chhattisgarh , has claimed responsibility for the killing.In a letter found at the spot, the Maoists has stated that Gondo was punished as he was acting as a police informer and was passing information regarding the movement of extremists to police and was torturing people.However, brushing aside the Maoists allegations SDPO (Umerkote) A K Sahu said, \"The deceased was not our informer. The Maoists might have killed him for some other reason which is under investigation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497690", "title": "Shinde set to push BSF Bill into cold storage", "text": "NEW DELHI: With home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde keen to side-step decisions that do not agree with the states, the BSF (Amendment) Bill - which seeks police powers for personnel deployed in the hinterland -- looks set to follow the NCTC into cold storage. Sources in the MHA hinted that the ministry is unlikely to push for passage of the bill, which remains the property of the Rajya Sabha since it was deferred in March, in the near future.The BSF (Amendment) Bill seeks to increase the legal mandate of the force from guarding just border areas to internal security, election and normal law and order duties in the hinterland. Unlike the present Act that only empowers BSF personnel to conduct searches and arrests in pre-defined border areas, the bill seeks to extend these police powers to cover hinterland duties as well.Moved in the Rajya Sabha by erstwhile home minister P Chidambaram in March, when the controversy over \"anti-federal\" provisions of the NCTC was at its height, the BSF (Amendment) Bill was red-flagged not only by the opposition but also by several chief ministers who viewed it as an encroachment upon the states' powers.Incidentally, the Centre's reluctance to push the bill comes even as states like Chhattisgarh and Odisha, where around 12,000 BSF personnel are deployed for counter-Naxal duties, have offered their conditional consent for arming them with powers of search and arrest. Chhattisgarh had, in a communication to Chidambaram a couple of months ago, agreed to this legal cover for BSF on the condition that the provision for prior consent of the state government be included in the law.Even though BSF may be disappointed over being denied police powers in the hinterland and complain about dependence on the state police for all operational purposes, the Centre is unwilling to tweak the bill to provide for mandatory consent of the states for conferring police powers on the BSF. The reason is that inclusion of such a provision in the BSF (Amendment) Bill could open a Pandora's box of demands for similar conditions in the ITBP, SSB and CRPF Acts.The above Acts confer powers of search and arrest on the respective forces across the country. However, there is no separate provision necessitating consent of the state government for exercise of policing powers by these central forces.A senior BSF official lamented that lack of police powers had denied the force legal immunity while acting against Maoists in Naxal-infested areas. \"Our men cannot search or arrest if they come across a Maoist while acting on their own,\" he said.However, the Centre has, while putting the BSF (Amendment) Bill on the backburner, factored in the possibility of a legal challenge. MHA officials said the bill only aims to give BSF men additional legal cover, over and above the protection they already enjoy under the law of the land. \"The personnel can rightfully claim to have acted in self-defence,\" an official pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497207", "title": "Court officer to take over prints of upcoming film", "text": "MUMBAI: In an order that legal experts say sends out strong signals to erring film producers, the Bombay high court has appointed a court receiver to take charge of all prints and negatives of Sher, a Bollywood film that is still under production.The appointment of a receiver is to ensure that a nearly year-old consent award which requires producers of Bol Bachchan, Shree Ashtavinayak Cine Vision, to pay Rs 41 crore to its financier, Yash Tejpal Shah.Ashtavinayak and its managing director Dhilon Mehta have paid \"minor amounts of Rs 5.3 crore only\" of the Rs 41 crore, noted Justice Roshan Dalvi in her September 18 order. A consent award in October 2011 had made it clear that a lien was created in favour of the financier on income to be received by Ashtavinayak from various films it would produce. The payment was to be made in installments by June 30, 2012 or by September 30 if Ashtavinayak showed that its upcoming film was 30% complete. Any default in payment would render the entire amount payable at once. Three instalments later, the defaults began.Ishwar Nankani, advocate for Ashtavinayak, and Mehta argued that the consent term was satisfied but produced no receipts in court. Rajeev Narula, advocate for Shah, pointed out that cheques issued by Ashtavinayak were dishonoured.The HC observed that a case had been made out for appointing a receiver for Ashtavinayak's other film.Meanwhile, the owner of satellite rights for Sher argued that once a receiver takes charge of the film's prints, it would become \"as much a victim\" as financier Shah. The court was told that rights of Sher were transferred to another producer, but Narula said this was done only to defeat the agreement with the financier. Senior counsel Aspi Chinoy said that Rs 36 crore was the balanace payable to Shah when Ashtavinayak and Mehta confirmed that Sher was their film and had a certificate affirming that from the film's distributer. The judge agreed and observed that Ashtavinayak's claim that it would not benefit financially from Sher's release was a \"collusion to defeat claims of the creditors\".The judge directed that prints of Sher remain in the custody of the court receiver till Shah is paid the balance amount. The judge also ordered Ashtavinayak and Mehta not to sell or dispose of their shares in another company till they pay Shah his dues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497342", "title": "Missing man\u2019s body found in a nullah", "text": "MUMBAI: A carpenter, who had gone missing from his Kandivli (E) home last week, was found dead in a nullah on Thursday. The police said it's not clear whether Ghanshyam Vishwakarma was murdered or had drowned. Vishwakarma's body was partially decomposed and there were injuries on his head and collarbone.The deceased, who was in his mid-30s, stayed at Hanuman Nagar with his parents, wife and son. On Thursday, local residents spotted a body floating in Poisar nullah. After the cops made enquiries in the neighbourhood, the deceased was identified. \"Vishwakarma's family said he had gone missing on September 16. They had lodged a missing person's complaint with the Samta Nagar police. The body was partially decomposed, so it appears that Vishwakarma had died at least two days ago,\" said a senior official. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bhuj/rajkot", "code": "16499417", "title": "L K Advani eulogises Narendra Modi\u2019s Ram Rajya", "text": "BHUJ/RAJKOT: Seeking to put to rest the reports of a widening rift between him and chief minister Narendra Modi, senior BJP leader L K Advani on Friday heaped praises on Gujarat chief minister by describing his governance as 'Ram Rajya (ideal state)'.\"Ram Rajya is so called because the king there was man of principles. In Gujarat, too, we see Ram Rajya. The king here also is a man of principles. The whole world praises Gujarat ,\" Advani said, addressing Modi's month-long 'Swami Vivekanand Yuva Vikas Yatra' in Bhuj.Advani also lauded Modi's initiative of forming Yuva Parishads and expressed hope that this model for youth is replicated across the country.Advani made his displeasure with Modi apparent after the latter embarked on his Sadbhavana mission last year instead of joining his anti-corruption campaign. Signaling his displeasure, Advani, who represents Gandhinagar in Lok Sabha, decided to kick off his yatra from Bihar, whose chief minister Nitish Kumar doesn't see eye to eye with Modi.In his blog too, earlier this year, the BJP veteran had praised Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley, but refrained from making any mention of Modi, further fueling reports of his relationship with Modi turning uneasy.Going back to his younger days, Advani said they had entered politics with the principles of renouncement and sacrifice. \"Modi, too, follows these principles,\" he said.Stating that he was happy to attend the Vivekanand yatra, the former deputy prime minister said, \"It was on the principles of Vivekanand that Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh was founded of which Narendrabhai and I are products .\"'PM's govt for foreigners, by foreigners'Chief minister Narendra Modi remained unrelenting in his criticism of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his jibes at the foreign origins of UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi. Addressing the 'Swami Vivekanand Yuva Vikas Yatra' in Bhuj, Modi even sought to use former America president Abraham Lincoln's famous quote about democracy to hit out at the PM. \"Manmohan Singh has changed the definition of democracy. His government is of the foreigners, by the foreigners and for the foreigners,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16502999", "title": "Terror returns to Khunti as cops fail to nab criminals", "text": "RANCHI: Despite a deployment of a special investigation team of 90-odd policemen in Khunti district a fortnight ago to curb the spate of killings, rebels continue to strike at will. Not a single accused person has been arrested.Four persons have been killed in the past three days in the district, 35km from here. The perpetrators of violence carry the heads of the victims and roam around scot-free after beheading them. The rebels belong to People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI) and other extremist groups.At Toklo village in Karra, a 22-year-old youth Jagi Oraon was beheaded on Wednesday night. While the rebels left the body, they took away the head. Villagers on Thursday morning found the head of Oraon on a railway track, a few kilometers away. The body of 26-year-old Kalim Khan was recovered from Marangdih area on Thursday. In another incident, an old couple were slaughtered on Tuesday night when they were asleep in their room at Tayba village. PLFI reins supreme in the district.PLFI and other Maoist-linked groups have allegedly killed over 300 people in the past three years.Khunti SP Amarnath Mishra confirmed the recent murders. \"The raids have been intensified after the recent murders,\" said Mishra.The failure of the special investigation team has emboldened the rebels, or so it seems. The special company of 90-odd cops including five DSPs has made only one arrest in the last 15 days. The special team includes five DSPs, four inspectors and one company of Jharkhand Jaguar. The team was sent to Khunti after DGP G S Rath held a meeting with CID officials.The SP said the special investigation team had recovered 125 IED landmine and Rs 25,000 . \"Raids are on to nab the criminals involved in various cases of murders. The team has carried out over a dozen raids and has got important clues about the whereabouts of criminals,\" said Mishra.CID IG Sampath Meena said the special investigation team was also monitoring the reasons behind the incidents. \"The team has been asked to break the network of the rebels. It is on the job. It has to submsit a report,\" said Meena.Ranchi range DIG Seethal Oraon said the killings had almost stopped after the special investigation team was sent to the district. \"The local police are investigating the recent murder cases,\" said Oraon.Sources, however, claim the rebels had backtracked for few days after the investigation team was sent. \"It happens after every incident. The police had relaxed after killings had stopped for around a week. Now the rebels have struck once again,\" said the source.INFO GRAPHICSAt Toklo village under Karra police station, a 22-year-old boy Jagi Oraon was beheaded on Wednesday. The dead body of 26-year-old Kalim Khan was recovered from Marangdih area on Thursday. an old couple was slaughtered on Tuesday night when they were asleep in their room at Tayba village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16498732", "title": "Security system to detect criminals at rly station", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur division of Central Railway will install the Rs 8-crore integrated security system which will detect the 'wanted criminals' once they enter the premises and alert security personnel at platforms.The announcement for this was first made in 2009 but it is yet to be installed. \"The system should be operational this year,\" said divisional railway manager (DRM) Brijesh Dixit during the 28th foundation day function of the Railway Protection Force (RPF) at Ajni.Senior divisional security commissioner A Ibrahim Sheriff and additional DRM Uday Borwankar were also present.The security system will have a software to detect criminals entering the premises and help the personnel to act immediately.The new plan includes among other things, 180 surveillance cameras at strategic places, plasma televisions, high capacity scanners for baggage, cargo and vehicles, and a perimeter wall.Dixit said the railways have provided modern weapons (40 units of AK-47s) and training to RPF personnel.Betul bagged the best maintained unit award. Inspector BD Ippar won the shield for cases under Railway Act while DK Pillai of Ballarshah and S K Rai from Chandrapur were awarded for best crime control and best detection, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16502168", "title": "Steve Jobs better career role model than Obama: Survey", "text": "LONDON: A majority of Britons would prefer making a career in technology like Apple co-founder Steve Jobs than in other fields like entertainment and politics, according to a survey.A survey of 2,000 British adults and children found that 16.8 per cent of 8-15 year-olds aspire to follow in the footsteps of Jobs, well ahead of entertainers and political leaders such as Simon Cowell and Barack Obama .The research also showed that that two-fifths of children would like to have a career in technology, with only half as many wanting to pursue a career in entertainment.Among the adults surveyed 23.7 per cent of people said they were more envious of Steve Jobs' career than pop singer Beyonce's, the Telegraph reports.Almost a third (30 per cent) of adults also believe you have to be 'smart' to work in tech, and 14.3 per cent of children feel that a career in technology means working in 'cool' offices.Stuart Silberg, vice president of technology at Hotels.com, which commissioned the research, said that recent developments in the tech world such as social networking, 3D TVs, or the latest smartphone have become cool and desirable by the mainstream.\"This research shows the impact of these changes, as the 'typical celebrity' aspirations are being overtaken by pioneers such as Mark Zuckerberg and Steve Jobs,\" the paper quoted Silberg, as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16497510", "title": "Missing Indiabulls executive found", "text": "GURGAON: The Indiabulls sales manager, who was missing for 10 days, has been found in an unconscious state on Meerut road in Muradnagar, UP. Udyog Vihar police registered a case of kidnapping against unknown persons on the basis of his brother's statement. The victim has been admitted to a private hospital in Muradnagar.According to police, 28-year-old Abhishek Verma, a native of Bihar was living with his family in Dwarka, Delhi, and working in the Udyog Vihar office of Indiabulls as sales manager in the company's housing loan department. He was going to Delhi for some work, when he allegedly went missing on September 10. He was found in an unconscious state by the roadside on Meerut road in Muradnagar around 9.30pm on Thursday night. Muradnagar PCR cops spotted him and admitted in ITS hospital in Muradnagar.\"After receiving information about my brother being found in Muradnagar late on Thursday night, we went to the hospital where he is admitted around midnight,\" Amit Verma, brother of Abhishek, told TOI.\"Since he is not normal now doctors have told us not to disturb him. He told me that he taken a cab to Dhaula Kuan and after that he does not remember anything,\" Amit said.\"I am grateful to God for returning my husband to me. I was confident that I would see him soon,\" Nalini Verma, wife of Abhishek, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "16502939", "title": "Kisan Sabha stages dharna in L'daga over job demand", "text": "Lohardaga: The district Kisan Sabha took out a rally and staged a daylong dharna in front of the collectorate's gate here on Friday. A large number of farmers including women also submitted a nine point demand to the deputy commissioner.The activists started the rally from Railway Bus Stand and raised slogans pressing for their demands which included work to be generated through special projects to stop migration caused by drought in the district, availability of 35 kg rice at Re 1/ per kilo to single family without dividing people in the name of APL or BPL, availability of subsidized fertilizers for farmers, availability of 20 litre of kerosene oil at subsidized rate and proper implementation of MGNREGA to ensure monthly payment.Presiding over the dharna, Charo Bhagat, district head of the Sabha said, \"Farmers in Lohardaga are engaged in dairy, fishery, poultry and other similar trades other than growing crops in fields. Government aid is not reaching them. The government has become indifferent towards the problems of people living in villagers and small towns.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16499366", "title": "Non-parking business in parking lots bothers Lucknow Municipal Corporation", "text": "LUCKNOW: As if the issue of illegal parking lots in the city was not enough, the municipal top brass is facing another menace - commercial activity from the area earmarked for the parking lot. The Lucknow Municipal Corporation is reported to have come across some of the parking lots, which are now used for commercial activities.Officiating municipal commissioner, Rakesh Verma said that one such case was reported from a parking lot in Shahnajaf Road, which was allotted to a contractor, who had sublet it to chaat stall vendors. LMC officials said that they would soon be carrying out a survey to ensure that the parking lots allotted are used for the designated purpose. \"The LMC would also be carrying out a drive against illegal parking lots in the city and see that the rules are being followed,\" Verma said.The menace of illegal parking lots has been raising its ugly head right under the nose of municipal authorities, who, surprisingly, have been turning a blind eye to the purpose. Verma said that they have been carrying out repeated drive against such parking lots.What the rules say:The contractor is required to put up a board mentioning his name, his phone number and the parking ratesIssuance of a ticket registered with LMC. The colour and size of the ticket needs to be same across all parking lots in the cityEnough space for vehicles to get parked. No over-crowding is allowed to prevent vehicles from getting damagedRequisite staff to see that the vehicles parked are safe", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16496906", "title": "\u2018Defaced book not found for first time\u2019", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The report submitted by the district administration to the Uttar Pradesh government regarding the Masuri riot says this was not the first time that a defaced religious book was found in the region. Another book defaced in the same manner was found in Pilakhua on August 10 during Ramzan. The pattern was similar to the book found in Masuri as a mobile number was also scribbled on that.The report raises the question that if violence was averted in Pilakhua, then the same could have been done in Masuri if the local intelligence unit of UP Police had taken the issue seriously.The report says that this reflects the lack of coordination among police stations and district police. Even though senior police officers and administration officials admitted this fact, they refused to come on record.Meanwhile, while initial probe had revealed that 22-year-old Rashid was the first one to have spotted the defaced religious book in Masuri on September 14, further investigations have shown that it was actually Salman who had first seen it. Police said that two more people had called the person whose number was scribbled in the book and had a heated argument with him.Police have questioned four other people along with Rashid, but are yet to ascertain the first person to have found the defaced religious book. Two of these people live in Dasna and police quizzed them on Thursday for hours. Sources said the handwriting of these people was also taken by the police to match what was scribbled on the defaced book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "16502183", "title": "Sai Baba temple guard killed, donation box looted", "text": "ROURKELA: A security guard of Sirdi Sai Baba temple was killed and the donation box of the temple looted by unidentified miscreants here late on Thursday night, shocking city residents.A police team and a scientific team reached the spot and have started investigation but the culprits are still at large.According to sources, the security man, Jyoti Prakash Nayak (28), had gone off to sleep on the temple premises after completing his routine work on Thursday night.Early on Friday morning, the cleaning staff noticed the dead body lying in a corner beside the boundary wall of the temple.Temple priests and other members later noticed that the donation box, which is kept inside the temple, had been looted.Significantly, about three months ago, miscreants had entered the temple premises and looted the donation box of the Ganesh temple, located at the entrance. Yet earlier, about four years ago, miscreants had looted the silver crown of Sai Baba.Senior police officials like Rourkela SP Himansu Lal and additional SP Sudersan Sethi are supervising the investigation.\"We have started investigation into the case and hopefully will nab the culprits soon,\" said Sethi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16497059", "title": "Milk van runs over 3 cops in riot-hit Masuri", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Violence-hit Masuri village of Ghaziabad witnessed another tragedy on Thursday night when a milk van driven by a sleepy minor ploughed into a police checkpost \u2014 set up to ensure peace in the area \u2014 killing three police personnel and leaving six others injured, including two with serious injuries.Masuri had recently seen rioting after a religious book was allegedly found desecrated near a railway track. After the accident, the Canter mini-truck was torched and several cars passing on the highway damaged by an angry mob which allegedly included men of the Provincial Armed Constabulary, one of whom had died in the mishap.Police said the Mother Dairy mini-truck, travelling on NH-24, suddenly veered left and crashed into the check post at 10.55pm. The driver and two helpers in the truck were all found to be minors driving the vehicle without valid documents. A case under section 302 of the IPC has been lodged against them.\"The driver told us he fell asleep behind the wheel due to fatigue. While two policemen were trapped under the right rear wheel, another was crushed under the front wheel. The other six injured had impact injuries and all have multiple fractures,\" said Ranvijay Singh , Circle Officer (Sadar). The truck was headed to Pilkhua, which is a few kilometres away on the NH24.While sub-inspector Jasbir Singh of Ghaziabad police and head constable Pritam Singh of PAC died on the spot, constable Tanjum Kumar succumbed to his injuries in hospital. Pratap Singh and Jeetendra were seriously injured. Singh has now been declared out of danger but Jeetendra's condition remains critical. All those injured were taken to Columbia Asia Hospital, close to 6km away.\"Jitender's situation is critical. His kidney burst and we had to do an emergency operation. He is not completely stable yet,\" said Dr Rajesh Kumar of Columbia Asia Hospital.PAC personnel alleged a deeper plot behind the accident. \"The truck suddenly turned 45 degrees to its left and crashed into us. This was not a case of falling asleep at the wheel,\" said a PAC officer who escaped with minor injuries.According to sources, the driver of the Canter was dragged out and beaten up and at least four cars were damaged before the milk carrier was set on fire.Police officials haven't ruled out the possibility that PAC men had a hand in the post-accident violence.Fearing a flare-up of violence in the area, the authorities have urged residents to exercise restraint. \"We have asked all imams at local mosques to speak about maintaining peace at the Friday prayers,\" said Keshave Kumar, SDM, Ghaziabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500182", "title": "Supplementary teachers\u2019 test to be held on October 14", "text": "CHENNAI: In a welcome relief to several thousand teacher aspirantswhofailedin the mandatory Teacher Eligibility Test (TET) on July 12, the state government has said the supplementary test would be held on October 14 instead of October 3, and that all eligible candidates , including those who did not apply earlier ,couldwriteit . A submission to this effect was made in the Madras high court by additional advocategeneral P H Aravindpandian on Friday ,when a batchof writ petitions came up for hearing beforeJustice S Nagamuthu . Appreciating the state government's stand and the efforts of Aravindpandian , the judge asked the authorities to give wide publicity to the fact that thosewhocould not apply for the last examination could send in their application between September 24 and 28. It all started with the introduction of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009 as per which all teacherstobe recruitedin future should have passed the TET. In Tamil Nadu , the Teachers Recruitment Board (TRB) was named as the nodal agency to conduct the TET, which shall be conducted atleastonce a year . Results of the TET conductedon July 12was a rudeshockto several thousand candidates , as only 2,448 out of the 6.77 lakh candidateswhowrotetheexamination scored the minimum pass percentage of 60 . The government had intended to select 26 ,116 candidates through the TET and appoint them in schools. Following a public uproar and demands from various sections , the state agreed to conduct a supplementary teston October 3.But,it restrictedthesupplementary test only to the unsuccessfulcandidates . Dubbing it as discriminatory ,several people movedthehigh court .Awrit petition filedby one Vijayaraj opposed appointment of the 2,448 successful candidates , as TETwasonly a qualifying test. On Friday , the TRB chairman filed two affidavits . One affidavitinformedthecourt of the postponement of the test from October 3 to October 14. The other affidavit said a government order had been issued to form a panel to decide on the selection norms and process .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16498483", "title": "Bengal Congress ministers to resign today", "text": "KOLKATA: All six Congress ministers \u2014 two among them holding cabinet portfolios in the Mamata Banerjee government \u2014 will submit their resignations to the chief minister on Saturday. Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya said the party would firm up the decision in the meeting of state Congress office-bearers and ministers on Saturday morning.The Pradesh Congress chief stepped up his ante against the Mamata government on Friday, saying that the government is an autocratic one and by blocking FDI in Bengal it is depriving the state of economic development, like what the Left Front did by raising its voice against introduction of computers.Bhattacharya told reporters, \"In consultation with the AICC, we have decided that all Congress ministers in the Mamata Banerjee government will tender their resignations on Saturday. Manas Bhunian (state irrigation minister) has been directed to seek an appointment with the chief minister for doing the needful, possibly Saturday evening itself.\"Bhattacharya said the party would play the role of an opposition in the assembly and will take a call on the other modality \u2014 to call on Governor M K Narayanan to submit their letter of withdrawal of support \u2014 in the state Congress meeting on Saturday. \"It is expected that since ours was a pre-poll alliance (in the 2011 assembly elections), we have to submit a letter of withdrawal of support to the governor,\" he said. All the six state ministers and Pradesh Congress office-bearers will be present at Saturday's meet.Bhattacharya, in a scathing attack on the government, said there wasn't any reason for Trinamool Congress to part ways with the UPA-II. \"When the farmers were not getting the minimum support price and Congress workers were being attacked statewide, we didn't take such a decision (to sever ties in Bengal). We had a commitment to people. Trinamool had failed in their commitment and now they will have to answer,\" he said.On June 15, Congress legislative party leader Md Sohrab, after a stormy CLP meeting on the backdrop of political mudslinging over the presidential polls, had written to Congress president Sonia Gandhi saying they are no longer comfortable being Trinamool's alliance partner in the state. The letter said Mamata's \"unethical behaviour and attitude\" on the presidential polls should be condemned.\"This is nothing new. The political development in Delhi had its bearing on the decision today, but it wasn't a sudden decision. We were uncomfortable in this government and feel relieved today,\" Bhattacharya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16498537", "title": "Realty body to work on business initiative", "text": "NASHIK: With an aim to boost business growth across of all sectors in Nashik, the Nashik chapter of the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association (CREDAI) is planning to introduce a programme titled 'Business Improvement'.Based on a CREDAI meeting held on Thursday, a special team is to be formed shortly which will work on the concept and will initially include CREDAI members and later, members from other organisations.institutes or sectors will be included in the team, which will chalk out different plans or projects for the business growth of all sectors in Nashik.The decision was taken at the meeting of members of CREDAI Nashik, held on Thursday.Speaking to TOI, Kiran Chavan, president, CREDAI Nashik, said, \"We are planning to work on the theme- 'Business Improvement' but the plan is still in its initial stage. The main objective is to boost business growth across all sectors in the city. We will soon form a special team to chalk out plans.\"Speaking on Nashik's growth vis-a-vis other Indian cities, Chavan said, \"Different trade organizations conduct similar activities in cities such as Pune. The business strength of Pune is huge in terms of growth and funds as compared to Nashik.Therefore, we will also work out how to brand Nashik for business growth.\"Chavan also said that CREDAI Nashik would be organizing a four-day property exhibition in December. during December 20 to 23, 2012 at Dongre Hostel Ground along Gangapur Road in the city. The realty expo will showcase various properties across the city under one umbrella for the convenient of home buyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "16501831", "title": "Agni-III passes first user trial", "text": "BALASORE: The army on Friday successfully test-fired Agni-III from Wheeler's Island. This is the fifth test of the surface-to-surface nuclear capable missile and is significant because this is the first time the army's Strategic Forces Command (SFC) carried out the test after Agni-III was inducted into the armed forces in June 2011.Defence sources said the ballistic missile having a strike range of nearly 3,000 km took off around 1.20 pm from a rail-mobile launcher. \"All mission objectives of Agni-III have been achieved,\" stated Ravi Kumar Gupta, director of the Directorate of Public Interface at DRDO headquarters, in a press release.The test was carried out to validate the missile's higher performance in terms of weight and payload capacity. Apart from the software for navigation and guidance controls to achieve better accuracy, re-entry material was also tested. The success comes two days after the successful launch of 4000-km range Agni-IV missile.The missile was tracked by various telemetry stations, electro-optic systems and radars located along the coast, Port Blair and by the downrange ships positioned near the target location. \"The data from different stations was transmitted in real time through an advanced communication network of DRDO for online performance evaluation and range safety,\" an official said.Though the first development trial of Agni-III carried out on July 9, 2006 could not achieve the desired result, subsequent tests conducted on April 12, 2007, May 7, 2008 and February 7, 2010 from the same base were all successful. Defence sources said Agni-III, which has a velocity of 5 km/s, is a new system. It is a short and stubby, two-stage missile that weighs 48.3 tonnes and is 16.7 metres tall with an overall diameter of 1.8 metres.It can carry both conventional and nuclear warheads weighing around 1.5 tonnes. It is propelled by solid fuels, facilitating swifter deployment compared to missiles using a mix of solid and liquid fuels. The successful launch was witnessed by scientific advisor to defence minister V K Saraswat and programme director of Agni missiles Avinash Chander.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "imphal/itanagar", "code": "16498664", "title": "Manipur, Arunachal to raise LPG cap to 9", "text": "IMPHAL/ITANAGAR: As in other Congress-ruled states, Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh governments have raised the cap on subsidized LPG cylinders from six to nine.Manipur raised the cap at a cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh. It followed a decision of the Congress high command instructing all Congress-ruled states to bear the burden of three additional cylinders and raise the cap on subsidized cylinders from six to nine per year for consumers.The move shall benefit 1,88,627 LPG consumers in Arunachal Pradesh, official sources said on Friday. Subsidy amounting to Rs 360 (aprox) per LPG cylinder shall be granted that would cost the government Rs 20.38 crore annually.While declaring this relief to citizens of the state, chief minister Nabam Tuki reiterated the commitment of his government in the state as well as the UPA government at the Centre towards the welfare of the 'aam aadmi' and providing maximum relief to them.Tuki also announced that his government has persuaded the IOC to launch the Rajiv Gandhi LPG Vitrak Scheme to cover all the rural areas of the state. The scheme shall be a landmark one, providing LPG cylinders to the doorsteps of rural consumers as well as protecting the green cover in the state.The IOC will start implementing the scheme soon, sources informed.A cylinder costs about Rs 700 in the market without subsidy, which is what families will have to pay if they want LPG over and above the cap of six fixed by the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16502001", "title": "Councillors run riot in CMC office", "text": "CUTTACK: Irked over delay in development work, BJD councillors went on the rampage and ransacked the conference hall of Cuttack Municipal Corporation during the council meeting on Friday. They were complaining about civic problems in their wards to the commissioner when the discussion turned ugly. The angry councillors uprooted microphones and overturned furniture. Some even ransacked the office of the joint commissioner.\"Roads across the city are in a deplorable condition. The street lights are not functioning and city's sanitation is in the shambles. But the authorities are not taking any step to expedite development works in the city,\" said Pradip Behera, councillor of ward no. 52. \"We are answerable to the people of our wards because they are losing faith in us because of delay in development works,\" said Akhaya Beura, councilor of ward no. 39. The councillors alleged that Durga puja is just a month away but the municipal authorities are yet to start repair of roads.But sources said some councillors have upped the ante against the commissioner, who took charge just a month ago. \"His style of functioning has not gone down well with some councillors and they are creating disturbances,\" a source said. However, the commissioner has assured that the grievances of councillors will be addressed very soon.\"Earlier, tenders were not floated for road repair works. But to ensure transparency I have decided to float tenders for repair work. The process will take some time but it will ensure quality work. I am trying my best to address the grievances of the councillors at the earliest,\" said D V Swamy, commissioner of CMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16498985", "title": "Runway works' effect on intl flights worries commerce chamber", "text": "PUNE: The Mahratta Chamber of Commerce Industries and Agriculture (MCCIA) has raised concerns about international flight services from Pune being snapped temporarily when the modernisation of air field infrastructure (MAFI) project begins at Lohegaon air base later this year.\"We are trying our best to see that the international link is not affected,\" MCCIA president S K Jain said on Friday. He pointed out that the need to push for an independent international airport for Pune is more pronounced now because of the civilian flight disruptions likely to be caused by the works.The runway is likely to be closed from 10 pm to 8 am every night during the six-month period when the MAFI works are being carried out. This will impact civilian flights slotted in the night hours and in the early morning hours and will require considerable rescheduling of flights by the airlines. However, this is easier said than done, MCCIA authorities said.German airline Lufthansa, which is operating Pune to Frankfurt direct flight service since June 2008, will be most impacted by the rescheduling. At present, the Lufthansa flight from Frankfurt lands in Pune at 3.50 am and takes off for Frankfurt at 5.15 am on four days a week of its operation.\"The Frankfurt-Pune flight is not required to take a refuelling stop in between but, because of the smaller runway at Lohegaon airport, the Pune to Frankfurt flight has to take a refuelling stop in between and this brings up the time slot availability issue at the refuelling airport,\" said Commander (Retd) Pankaj Joshi, member of MCCIA's civil aviation committee.Lufthansa draws a bulk of its business on the Pune-Frankfurt route from corporate travellers considering that Pune is home to several major German companies, including Mercedes Benz and Volkswagen, besides Indian corporates in the infotech, automotive, auto-component and manufacturing segments.When contacted, a Lufthansa spokesperson said the airline is aware of these issues but would not like to comment for now.The other international service run by Air India Express from Pune to Dubai seems relatively better placed as the flight to Dubai takes off from Pune around 4 pm but, the flight from Dubai to Pune arrives here in the night hours.Apart from international flights, almost one-third of the 40-odd passenger flights fly out of Pune in the early morning hours. \"This is usually for the business travellers going out of Pune with an intent of returning by the evening flights,\" said Jain.\"An independent airport is all the more important considering that the existing airport, which is part of the Indian Air Force's (IAF) Lohegaon air base, is of strategic importance. There are limitations to civilian flight operations despite all the cooperation extended by the IAF,\" he said.\"The IAF has indicated that they will relax the existing restrictions on civilian flights__ 8 am to 10.30 am in the morning and 7.30 pm to 10.30 pm in the night __to ensure concurrent movement of civilian and Air Force flights during the course of the MAFI work implementation,\" he said.However, accommodating the affected international and domestic flights in the remaining available time slots will be a challenge. \"There are airlines which operate one aircraft on four to five different sectors in a day. If a change is effected in even one sector, it affects their operation on other sectors,\" said Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16498730", "title": "Security guard tries to save youth, gets killed", "text": "NAGPUR: Being a good samaritan cost 32-year-old Surendra Shende his life. Bhim Nagar resident, Shende lost his life while trying to save Amit Parekar from a gang of youths who were bashing him on late Thursday night.According to the police there was a tiff between two groups over loud music being played during a religious programme organized by Sanjay Chavan at Mokshadhan ghat, Ganeshpeth on Thursday evening. As the DJ music was causing nuisance to other guests, Parekar insisted the DJ to reduce the volume. However, youths dancing to the music took objection to it and started abusing Parekar which led to a heated argument. But timely interference by Chavan helped control the situation from getting worse.After and hour or so, Ganeshpeth patrolling police reached the spot and forced the youths to shut down the music. Suspecting Parekar's role in getting the police there, some of the youths intercepted him near Mokshadham crematorium. While the gang of youths were thrashing Parekar, Shende, who happened to pass by, intervened. However, instead of listening to his requests, the youths started abusing Shende. Suddenly, one of them stabbed Shende killing him on the spot.As the assailants fled, Parekar immediately alerted the cops. Parekar claimed Chavan's cousin Montu and his friends were among the killers. Following the post mortem, Shende's body has been kept at Government Medical College and Hospital mortuary till his family members arrive in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16497793", "title": "Engineering college team qualifies for Nobel quiz", "text": "BANGALORE: A fierce battle of the brains saw a team of three from Government Engineering College, Thrissur emerging as Bangalore champions. The qualifying round of the Sweden India Nobel Memorial Quiz, organized at the RV College, had 211 participants. The winners will represent the city at the grand finale at Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), New Delhi, on November 3. The event was hosted by quiz master Adittya Nath Mubayi.The inter-collegiate quiz competition is organized every year as a part of the Sweden-India Nobel Memorial Week, which celebrates the spirit of the Swedish innovator, entrepreneur and philanthropist Alfred Nobel , through knowledge, innovation and creativity.Regional qualifiers will also be held in cities like Hyderabad, Chennai, Pune, Mumbai and New Delhi. National winners will get a trip to Sweden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497975", "title": "19-year-old who duped railway passengers nabbed", "text": "MUMBAI: A 19-year-old youth, part of a gang of conmen who dupe passengers headed to north India, was arrested by the Kurla GRP on Friday. Mohammad Azad Shaikh was picked up from Sion-Dharavi Road. Thirteen handbags worth Rs 80,000, 14 cellphones worth Rs 42,000 and Rs 4,000 in cash was recovered from him.Shaikh and his aides would accost passengers at ticket booking offices and pretend that they were related to a ticket-checker from an office on Sion-Dharavi Road.The passenger would accompany them to a slum on the same road and the accused would then make off with the luggage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16497752", "title": "Super Mom with a difference", "text": "BANGALORE: She's a mother to over 1,000 children, 200 sons-in law, and 42 daughters-in-law. Sindhutai Sapkal was abandoned while pregnant at 20, fought suicidal thoughts, put her daughter in an orphanage and turned to social work. Over 30 years, she has set up four orphanages, all of which run on charity. Today, the Pune-based mom to doctors, engineers, teachers and lawyers, among others, is working towards making these organizations self-sufficient.* How did the journey begin?At 20, I'd beg at railway stations. One night at the Pune station, I heard an old dying beggar crying for water. I offered him food and water. Saving a life felt good. Since then, I haven't stopped helping the abandoned. During a rough patch, I sent my daughter to an orphanage. That made me realise what it feels to give up somebody you love.* What has changed in your approach?Things have scaled up now. I cannot give all children personal attention. Fortunately, there are many helping hands now and my focus is making the organisation independent and self-sufficient.* What is true empowerment of women?Women are educated and earn well, but they're not empowered. Is it making them think independently? How many understand their priorities? A woman should not neglect the responsibilities of motherhood.* What's the most satisfying aspect of your work?All my children from the streets are doing well. I picked up a crying child from a dead woman's arms some time ago. He completes his law course this year. These kids have a strong bond with our organisation and values. I've arranged the marriage of over 200 daughters. Every year, they stay with us for a few days. I was scared my daughter Mamata would one day say, 'You've become a mother for all. But where were you when I needed you the most?' Instead, she said: \"I've seen the struggles my mother has been through. I want to be a mother to her now.\" That was very satisfying.* How is your Sanmati Bal Niketan different from other orphanages?Most orphanages support children till they are 18. In Sanmati, it's everybody's home till they are independent.* How can urbanites make a difference to orphaned children?If everybody decides to help at least one other person in whatever possible way, all the sorrows in the world will vanish soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16500449", "title": "5D film theatre launched", "text": "COIMBATORE: The 5D film theatre, Pix 5D Cinema was inaugurated at the Brookefields Mall on Friday with much pomp and show. Actor Arun Vijay the protagonist in 'Thadaiyara Thaakka' who attended the launch said that people are sure to enjoy the experience.Rave Shankarr, Managing Director of the movie house said that crowds had thronged the venue. The seats which could move up and down and even sideways was a novel experience for many movie-goers. With pneumatic chairs 5D films give a feeling close to the reality of what is happening on screen.Rave said that shows would be screened everyday from 10.30 am to 10pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16498203", "title": "Noida\u2019s roads to don new look before F1", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has decided to give a facelift to all major roads before the F1 event starts. The maintenance department has been directed to particularly focus on the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway that leads up to the F1 venue. The Authority has floated tenders worth Rs 60 crore to spruce up the expressway and the sectors along it.Authority CEO Sanjeev Saran has directed officers heading the ten work circles to ensure that all artillery roads under their jurisdiction are repaired, resurfaced and re-carpeted. Besides repair of roads, Noida Authority has also floated tenders for developing green belts and central verges along the expressway, revamping sidewalks, improving civic work of sectors along the Expressway, cleaning and fixing drains and covering open drains, improving existing parking facilities and repairing streetlights and signages.The work circle heads have been directed to track the progress of all repair and development work on a daily basis and to ensure that the work is wrapped up in time for the upcoming event.\"Officials have been inspecting the entire city and the expressway. A lot of civic work needs to be taken up in Sectors 85, 93B, 105, 128, 132, etc. We have floated tenders to improve the civic conditions in these areas and carry out repairs of roads and sidewalks in these sectors as well as the expressway. The work will begin soon,\" an Authority official said. \"This upgrading work will not just present a better picture of the city during the F1 event but also ensure that residents are provided the best possible civic facilities at all times,\" he added.Meanwhile, the Authority and Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) are finalizing the location for the separate electricity feeder to cater to the expressway. Earlier last week, the Authority had directed UPPCL to develop the dedicated power feeder for streetlights along the expressway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16497163", "title": "Caught between water shortage and politics", "text": "BANGALORE: Why is Karnataka reluctant to release 9,000 cusecs of Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu every day? Is there a genuine water scarcity or is it political compulsion?So far, it's a mix of both. Farmers are afraid they may be denied their share of water for standing crops and the government is concerned about drinking water requirement for major cities in ensuing months. Both form major vote banks.\"Last year, Krishnarajsagar (KRS) dam remained full for over four months and the level receded only in January to reach its lowest this June. But if 9,000 cusecs of water (as sought by TN) are released every day, dams will go empty by December,\" said a senior water resources department official. He predicted a drinking water crisis in Bangalore, Mysore and other towns wholly dependent on Cauvery water.Bangalore gets about 300 cusecs of water while Mysore receives 50 cusecs daily. Bangalore receives 2.58 tmcft of water annually and Mysore gets 0.15 tmcft of water. Pandavapura (0.04 tmcft), Hunsur (0.027 tmcft), Malavalli, (0.02 tmcft), T Narasipur (0.02 tmcft) and Nanjangud (0.05 tmcft) are also dependent on Cauvery water.The drought in Karnataka, brought on primarily by continuous failure of the southwest monsoon, has had a major impact on both surface water and groundwater systems in the Cauvery basin. Inflows into Cauvery water reservoirs have reduced drastically and affected agriculture throughout the basin.Experts feel it's high time Cauvery delta farmers, who've been facing uncertainty every year over the water issue, changed their cropping pattern. Most farmers in Mandya region are labouring under the misconception that water-intensive paddy and sugarcane are their saviour. \"While paddy and sugarcane ensure food security, the break-even comes only when the yield is 1 tonne per acre. Farmers should change their cropping pattern and go in for other crops so that they're not at the mercy of KRS water release,'' said Prof Vijaykumar, University of Agriculture Sciences.filed by Manu/Cleared by Naheed/ es", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16498804", "title": "Three-day India travel mart begins at Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: A three-day travel and tourism event, the India travel mart (ITM), was inaugurated in Panaji on Friday by chairman of the Goa tourism development corporation (GTDC) Nilesh Cabral, along with GTDC managing director Nikhil Desai. Tourism corporations of various states, including those of Rajasthan, Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh , Karnataka and Pondicherry, as well as other tourism service providers, are participating in the exhibition, which is presently on at the Don Bosco school hall in Panaji.Speaking to the media, Cabral said that the ITM will provide opportunities for travelers to learn about various tourist destinations and the various packages on offer. He also said that Goa will also be starting its tourism road shows all over India soon, and that the such show will be in Himachal Pradesh. He also spoke about various initiatives that the GTDC will launch to attract more tourists to Goa, including sea plane rides, zorbing and others.The ITM is aimed at providing tourists with detailed information on a wide variety of attractive packages and unique tourist destinations for the winter season, Dusshera, Diwali, Christmas , New Year, business trips, and vacations, both for honeymooners and families.With the upcoming festive season in mind, most participants have on offer specially prepared packages and the best deals which are unavailable otherwise, ITM officials said. Tourists and business travelers can expect to get good bargains in travel packages and hotel rates. ITM also provides an opportunity for exhibitors to interact, do business and network with travel agents and tour operators from Goa and the neighboring areas.The main highlights of ITM would be pilgrimage tourism, adventure tourism, eco tourism, health tourism and wildlife tourism. Entry is free and open to all during the three days. The timings of the mart are 11am to 7pm. Visitors are entitled to a lucky draw, with prizes comprising exciting holiday packages, hotel stays and other travel products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "16499027", "title": "'Vailankanni' image missing from Dapodem", "text": "QUEPEM: There was disappointment for devotees as the decayed root of a tree resembling Our Lady of Vailankanni went missing from the village of Dapodem in Sanguem taluka.A forest guard Missal had seen the resemblance of Our lady of Vailankanni, a few days ago, on a decayed root of a tree and when the news spread far and wide, devotees started pouring in droves. The forest minister Alina Saldanha also visited the site.On Thursday night, the news of the absence of the root created havoc among the devotees which included not only the Catholics, but also people from other religions. Locals from Vadem and Dapodem were agitated and rushed to the Sanguem police station.The locals alleged that a resident of Dando-Sanguem stole the root by cutting off the piece of wood.Being a sensitive issue, the alleged culprit was called to the police station but he denied doing the act.Dissatisfied with the police investigation, the locals said that they would try to investigate the matter themselves. Locals also said that the money offered by the devotees was going missing during the night.Locals said that a special prayer service will be held on Saturday to help identify the accused. It is further learnt that the bishop's house in Panaji has also been informed about the latest happenings.When TOI tried to contact the dean at Sanguem church, he was unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497364", "title": "One arrested for senior citizen\u2019s murder in Rohini", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the arrest of a man on Friday, cops have solved the senior citizen murder which had taken place last week in Rohini . Senior citizen Gurjeet Kaur Puri, a retired assistant commissioner (income tax), was found gagged and murdered in a robbery bid at her house in Sector 8.Prime accused Rajesh (22) has been taken in police remand for ten days, said a police source. He, along with three others, had planned the heist with a woman who had joined the victim's house as a domestic help two weeks ago. The accused maid, Nandini, and three others are still at large, said a source.Rajesh told police during interrogation that they did a recce of the area and selected Puri as their target as she lived alone most of the time. They planted Nandini as a maid at Puri's house. Nadini convinced the elderly woman to sell off her old sofa and when Puri agreed, the accused waited till Kaur's grandson, who stayed with her most of the times, was out.In the morning of September 12, Nandini had a telephonic conversation with her accomplices from Puri's balcony. A neighbor spotted her and asked her whereabouts. To this, Nandini replied that she was waiting for her husband and brother to arrive in a truck to take Puri's old sofa set. Soon, the accused arrived at the victim's house, posed as laborers. Puri was last seen alive in the balcony of her house when she went up to show the sofa to the accused.The accused then forced Puri inside the house, tied her hands and legs with a rope and gagged her mouth and smothered to death. They then ransacked her house and decamped with Rs 50,000 cash and gold, diamond jewellery worth several lakhs.Puri had returned from London two months ago and had not registered with the senior citizen cell of Delhi police. She lived alone on the first floor of her house and had rented out the ground floor. Her two daughters are married and her son lives in London. The accused maid has been identified as a resident of Muradabadand had also worked in other houses in the area before.DCP outer B S Jaiswal and addl DCP M A Rizvi supervised the operation and apprehended the accused. Several teams have been sent to Uttar Pradesh to nab the other accused on the basis of information provided by Rajesh, the officer added.The accused planted one Nandini as a maid at Puri's house. Nadini convinced the elderly woman to sell off her old sofa and when Puri agreed, the accused waited till her grandson was out of the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai/bangalore", "code": "16500328", "title": "Tamil Nadu waits for Karnataka dams to overflow", "text": "CHENNAI/BANGALORE: Bracing fora legal battle with Tamil Nadu on the Cauvery issue, the Karnataka government on Friday asked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to keep his order asking the state to release 9,000 cusecs water to TN in abeyance . In a review petition filed before the Cauvery River Authority (CRA), headed by the PM, Karnataka said the directive to release 9,000 cusecs from September 20 to October 15 was arbitrary . If it is implemented , Karnataka would end up losing about 20tmcft from the existing 76 tmcft in the reservoirs , the petition said . The tussle over Cauvery water between Tamil Nadu and Karnataka is a long standing one , periodically coming handy for politicians in both states as a tool to pursue their agenda . Tamil Nadu officials claim the storage in the four reservoirs in Karnataka--K abini , Krishnarajasagar , Hemavathi and Harangi--is building up , thanks to the good inflows . But water discharge into the Cauvery has been reduced from 7,300 cusecs on Thursday to 2,300 cusecs on Friday , leaving the Tamil Nadu's farming community worried . Kabini , a tributary of the Cauvery , joins it below the Krishnarajasagar reservoir , the last to receive water from upstream reservoirs like Hemavathi and Harangi . The Cauvery flows across Biligundulu at the inter-state border . Before water reaches Mettur dam in Salem district , the river crisscrosses about six anicuts below Krishnarajasagar and Hullahalli anicut in the downstream of Kabini near Mysore . On Friday , the storage of all four reservoirs together was 85 tmcft as against the capacity of 114tmcft . \"The storage now is nearly 75% of the total capacity ; but Karnataka continues to delay water release for Tamil Nadu ,\" said a senior TN government official . \"Karnataka's argument that there is hydrological drought cannot be accepted . They just don't want to share the water ,\" the official said .There is a sharp deficit in realisation of flows in the Mettur dam as per the final order of the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal or the distress sharing formula evolved by the Cauvery Water Commission . Tamil Nadu has received only 20tmcft until Friday . With the kuruvai all but lost, the cultivation of the long-term samba crop on 15 lakh acres is in trouble . \"In the present situation , the farmers have to judiciously or economically use the available water ,\" cautioned A Mohanakrishnan , advisor on water resources for the TN government . \"Whether it is Cauvery or Bhavani , the loss in transmission in the canal system has to be curtailed for better use of water ,\" he said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16498570", "title": "'Jummabar': Mamata gives many in north India a new word", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee lived up to her threat of pulling her men out of the Union Ministry on 'Jummabar'. Only, she got her Urdu all wrong. Friday is known only as 'Juma'ah' in Urdu; the 'bar' (or day) is a Bangla addition to the word. But then, Bengalis are quite well known for coining their own terms for even countries: the USA, for instance, is 'Markin Jukto Rashtro' in Bangla, the 'Markin' being a corruption of America. In this case, there was a nice syncretic touch to it.The Urdu word 'Jumma' is derived from the Persian 'Jomeh' and Arabic Jumu'ah, which means the 'day of gathering' or the day of the congregational prayer. Which is Friday when attending the afternoon prayer, says the Haadith, is mandatory for all able-bodied Muslims.Mamata added a \"bar\" to \"Jumma\" - as some do in West Bengal - as in 'Itwar' (Sunday), possibly not just for the local flavour but also for Bengal's Muslim voters who went with Didi in the last election and whom the lady has been wooing steadfastly. Breaking of ties with 'secular' Congress might have got them worried and 'Jumma-bar' was probably designed to reassure them.It certainly didn't impress Kolkata's shahi imam Noorur Rehman Barkati, though. \"Jummah is the Urdu term for Friday and there's no need at all to add the Bengali word 'bar' to it. In Urdu, unlike Hindi or Bangla, 'vaar' or 'bar' is not added to the name of any day,\" he told TOI. Even Bollywood didn't get it wrong like Mamata: in the 1991 hit 'Hum', Amitabh Bachchan pleads with Kimi Katkar for the 'chumma' (kiss) that she had promised him on 'Jumma'.\"She need not have said her ministers will resign on 'Jummabaar'. She could have just said they'll do so on Friday or 'Shukrabar' (Friday in Bangla). She definitely doesn't use 'Itwaar' for Sunday. She shouldn't misuse religion for politics,\" said a prominent cleric of Kolkata who did not want to be named.Mamata had drawn flak from some quarters, most notably in a book penned by senior IPS officer Nazrul Islam who criticized her for misusing Muslim rituals and symbols for her \"petty political ends\" while doing nothing substantive for the minorities of the state, a charge that has started finding resonance among some in the community.While that's another matter, what Didi has done in other parts of India is added a new word to lexicon. Suddenly, \"Jummabar\" is being used even in cities like Delhi and Mumbai in a tone that's reserved for the Day of Reckoning. Some may even have murmured: 'Thank Allah Its Jummah' (TAIJ). TAIJ, incidentally, is a short film about a young Muslim lad who grows up in America and the hilarious challenges he faces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "boston", "code": "16499488", "title": "Speech jammer, report about reports bag spoof Nobel prizes", "text": "BOSTON: For anyone who's ever been tired of listening to someone drone on and on and on, two Japanese researchers have the answer.The SpeechJammer, a device that disrupts speech by repeating the person's own voice at a delay of a few hundred milliseconds, was named on Thursday as a 2012 winner of the Ig Nobel prize - an award sponsored by the Annals of Improbable Research magazine for weird and humorous scientific discoveries. The echo effect of the device is just annoying enough to get someone to sputter and stop.Actually, the device created by Kazutaka Kurihara and Koji Tsukada is meant to help public speakers by alerting them if they are speaking too quickly or have taken up more than their allotted time.\"This technology ... could also be useful to ensure speakers in a meeting take turns appropriately, when a particular participant continues to speak, depriving others of the opportunity to make their fair contribution,\" said Kurihara, of the National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology in Japan.Still, winning an Ig Nobel in acoustics for the device's other more dubious purpose is cool too. \"Winning an Ig Nobel has been my dream as a mad scientist,\" he said.Other winners feted on Thursday at Harvard University included Dutch researchers who won the psychology prize for studying why leaning to the left makes the Eiffel Tower look smaller; four Americans who took the neuroscience prize for demonstrating that sophisticated equipment can detect brain activity in dead fish; a British-American team that won the physics prize for explaining how and why ponytails bounce; and the US general accountability office, which won the literature prize for a report about reports.Rouslan Krechetnikov, an engineering professor at University of California Santa Barbara, and student Hans Meyer took home the fluid dynamics prize for research into the sloshing that goes on in a coffee cup as it's carried.Ig Nobels for 2012 also went to US researchers who discovered that chimps can recognize other chimps by looking at snapshots of their backsides, and to a Swedish researcher for solving the puzzle of why people's hair turned green while living in certain houses in the town of Anderslov, Sweden. (The culprit was a combination of copper pipes and hot showers.)Some of the other winners were Igor Petrov and colleagues at the SKN Company in Russia for using technology to convert old Russian ammunition into new diamonds and French researcher Emmanuel Ben-Soussan on how doctors performing colonoscopies can minimize the chance of igniting gasses that make their patients explode.The 22nd annual Ig Nobels ceremony, with the theme 'The Universe', featured the usual doses of zaniness, including the traditional launching of hundreds of paper airplanes and the world premiere of an opera entitled 'The Intelligent designer and the universe', about an insane wealthy man who bequeaths his fortune to have someone design a beautiful dress for the universe . agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16500949", "title": "CPM flays govt on Janasree fund", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan has criticised the state government for sanctioning Rs 14.36 crore to the Congress-sponsored Janasree mission.In a statement here, the CPM leader asked the government to immediately withdraw the 'politically motivated' order, which he said was a clear violation of financial rules and guidelines the state has upheld all these years.Vijayan said the government had the responsibility to explain on what grounds it has sanctioned such a massive fund to the mission. He alleged the government had diverted the central funds meant for Rashtriya Krishi Yojana to Janasree mission on the pretext of launching several projects in the farm sector. Why did the state government go for new projects under the Janasree mission while the Centre itself had come out with a project for the agriculture sector like Rashtriya Krishi Yojana, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16499554", "title": "Shifting sands of politics: Time to find friends and pick foes", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Mamata's Trinamool Congress pulling the plug on the UPA 2 government, the political arena's abuzz. Though Election 2014 is still a long way off, it looks closer than ever. Senior politicians have already started the spadework to cobble together alliances, renew old ties, forge new ones. The contours of the final line-up will take a while to firm up, but very early signs of what could lie ahead can be gauged. Ear to the ground, a TOI compilation of what they're saying and where their priorities lie.Mulayam Singh Yadav | SP | MPs in Lok Sabha 22--Backed Thursday's nationwide strike against FDI in retail and fuel price hike Shared dais with TDP's Naidu, Left leaders. --Revived Third Front talk on Thursday. --Post-win in Uttar Pradesh, he has been talking of early polls. --Earlier, on Third Front, he had said it's possible after 2014. --Claims both BJP and Cong discredited, hence it falls upon SP to provide an alternative Said in recent Kolkata party meet it would go on its own in 2014 polls. --Insists his party is with UPA 2 as of now, but not sure how long Known to change his stand, like in the recent presidential electionsOn Third Front | Third Front will be formed depending on situation after election results | Sept 13, 2012On Rahul Gandhi | Rahul doesn't have the qualities to lead the country | Sept 13, 2012On PM ambitions | I'm not in line, but I am not a sadhu-sant either | Sept 13, 2012The Third Front will definitely come to power in 2014. Who will lead will be decided later | Sept 21, 2012Mayawati | BSP | MPs in Lok Sabha 21--Outside supporter of UPA 2. --Did not back Thursday's nationwide strike, extended lifeline to Congress. --Says she'll make stand on UPA 2 clear on Oct 10. --Wants UPA 2 govt to do the full term. --Would ideally like antiincumbency to work against Akhilesh's govt. --Was with UPA 1 till she quit in 2008 In 1993, she tied up with SP till alliance collapsed in 1995. -- Ever since, arch rival of Mulayam Singh Yadav. --Stormy ties with BJP, alliances in 1995, 1997 and 2002 ended prematurely. --Got together with nine other parties to revive Third Front for 2009 polls.On early polls | What will Mayawati gain by withdrawing support to UPA 2? Even if Mulayam opts out, Mayawati will be there to bail them out. She will go all out to prevent early polls | BSP SOURCE TO TV CHANNEL | SEPT 19, 2012On Rahul Gandhi | Instead of expressing anger at me, Congress yuvraj should show anger at the UPA, which can't control prices | Nov 12, 2011On the Congress | The Congress-led UPA is anti-dalit | Sept 7, 2012On PM ambitions | If a dalit ki beti can become chief minister of India's largest and populous state, why can't the same dalit ki beti become Prime Minister? | Aug 10, 2008Left Front | MPs in Lok Sabha 23--Decimated in Bengal by Mamata and out of power in Kerala. --Getting marginalised with TMC eating into its anti-reforms space. --Finds itself on same side of fence with bete noire Mamata over issues like pension bill, FDI in retail etc. --Gave outside support to UPA 1, till they parted ways over Nuke Bill For 2009 polls. --Were part of Third Front. Could strive to revive this formation ahead of 2014. --Main organiser of Sept 20 strike, shared platform with Mulayam against fuel price rise, FDI in retail etc.Nitish Kumar | JDU | MPs in Lok Sabha 20--NDA's main ally, emerging fast on national stage --Has made clear his disapproval of Narendra Modi as NDA's PM candidate. --Says he'll go with any party that gives his state special status in 2014. --Rahul Gandhi has in the past gone public praising his work in Bihar. --Has made it clear BJP can't take him for granted. --Likely to play kingmaker in 2014. --JD(U)-BJP alliance won 32 of 40 Bihar seats in 2009, Nitish hopes for a repeat in 2014, irrespective of what happens to its alliance.On early polls | UPA will survive... Elections aren't likely before 2014| Sept 17, 2012On Rahul Gandhi | Instead of lecturing states, let Rahul Gandhi learn governance first by becoming CM | Nov 1, 2010On PM ambitions | An MP from Maharashtra has said he won't support me as PM candidate. But pray, who is the PM candidate in the first place and who is asking him for support? | Sept 06, 2012On the Congress/UPA | Will go with whoever grants special status to Bihar | Sept 19, 2012Mamata | TMC | MPs in Lok Sabha 19--Has been both with NDA and UPA. --Quit both Joined UPA 2 before 2009 polls Has walked out of UPA 2 pulling out 19 MPs. --Has made noises that would win her votes in upcoming rural polls in Bengal. But if she is looking for new friends, she'd be doubly cautious, having been ditched by Mulayam once.Karunanidhi | DMK | MPs in Lok Sabha 18--With UPA 1 and UPA 2, was with NDA earlier. --Firmly with UPA 2 as of now. --Backed Thursday's bandh. --His party ministers &amp; daughter were jailed in recent scandals. That should be weighing on his mind before he makes up his mind.Naveen Patnaik | BJD | MPs in Lok Sabha 14", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497152", "title": "Supreme Court: Can't sue lawyers for wrong advice", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when it is the norm to seek legal opinion prior to taking a decision, the Supreme Court has come to the rescue of lawyers by ruling that they cannot be prosecuted for rendering wrong advice if there is no link between them and perpetrators of a fraud or offence.But the court said the advocate's opinion must be bona fide as all legal practitioners owe \"an unremitting loyalty to the interests of a client and it is the lawyer's responsibility to act in a manner that would best advance the interest of the client\".A bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi gave this judgment while dismissing the CBI's appeal against an Andhra Pradesh High Court order quashing criminal proceedings against an advocate for rendering legal opinion on genuineness of title deeds for sanction of loans, which resulted in a multi-crore loan fraud involving a nationalized bank.Writing the judgment for the bench, Justice Sathasivam said, \"Merely because his opinion may not be acceptable, he cannot be mulcted (punished) with criminal prosecution, particularly, in the absence of tangible evidence that he associated with other conspirators. At the most, he may be liable for gross negligence or professional misconduct if it is established by acceptable evidence but cannot be charged for the offence under Section 420 (cheating) and 109 (abetment) along with other conspirators without proper and acceptable link between them.\"The court drew a parallel between lawyers and other professionals like doctors and said none of them could guarantee success - either in litigation or in treatment.\"A lawyer does not tell his client that he shall win the case in all circumstances. Likewise, a physician would not assure the patient of full recovery in every case. A surgeon cannot and does not guarantee that the result of surgery would invariably be beneficial, much less to the extent of 100% for the person operated on,\" the bench said.\"The only assurance which such a professional can give or can be given by implication is that he is possessed of the requisite skill in that branch of profession which he is practicing and while undertaking the performance of the task entrusted to him, he would be exercising his skill with reasonable competence. This is what the person approaching the professional can expect,\" the court said.\"Judged by this standard, a professional may be held liable for negligence on one of the two things - either he did not possess the requisite skill which he professed to have possessed or he did not exercise, with reasonable competence in the given case, the skill which he possessed,\" it added.Quoting an earlier judgment, the court said it was not necessary for every professional to possess the highest level of expertise in that branch which he practiced. It quoted another judgment of the SC, in which it had ruled that \"mere negligence unaccompanied by any moral delinquency on the part of a legal practitioner in the exercise of his profession does not amount to professional misconduct\".dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16498900", "title": "Midnight deadline for use of loudspeakers on September 27", "text": "PUNE: District collector Vikas Deshmukh on Friday extended the deadline for use of loudspeakers till midnight on September 27 because of the Ganesh festival. As per rules, the collector can extend the deadline till midnight on two days in a year.BJP MLA Madhuri Misal and workers of Ganesh mandals had demanded permission to use loudspeakers on all days during the festival.In a meeting two weeks ago, district guardian minister Ajit Pawar, however, rejected the demand, saying that the state government has already prepared a list of 15 days for giving extension to the deadline for use of loudspeakers and, hence, extension of one more day cannot be allowed.Pawar had said that loudspeakers will be allowed till midnight on five days during the Ganeshotsav, including the three days permitted by the state government, one day permitted by the collector and one day in lieu of other days when the concession on deadline was not used. It is now up to the state government to announce the additional day when the deadline can be extended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16502720", "title": "Prices of laterite stones go up in the coastal Mangalore", "text": "Mangalore: Planning to build an independent house? Check the size of the laterite stones instead of repenting later. Civil contractors in the district are concerned about the increasing price and decreasing size of laterite stones. Contractors allege that they do not get standard-sized laterite stones for construction of houses in Dakshina Kannada district. Civil Contractors Association district president M Purushotham Kottary told TOI that laterite stone is unavoidable in the construction of small houses and buildings. \"During the British era, the size of laterite stones used to be 18 x 9 x 6 inches, but it reduced gradually as the government has no control over the market. About three years ago, we got stones of 16 x 9 x 6 inches for Rs 15. However, now we have to shell out Rs 21 to buy a stone of 13 x 8.5 x 7 inches. We are forced to pay more even though the size of the stone has reduced considerably,\" Kottary said. Middle-class families who want to construct houses at a lower budget, cannot afford to buy the required quantities of laterite stones if prices soar without control, he added. Dinkar Suvarna, association vice-president, pointed out that currently there is no law which mandates the size of a laterite stone, essential for the construction of individual houses of one or two storeys. \"We demand that the government bring in laws to solve the crisis. The government should declare 16 x 9 x 6 inches as the minimum size of laterite stones in the state,\" he said and also requested quarry owners to consider the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16498735", "title": "On-board housekeeping staff to keep 2 city trains clean", "text": "NAGPUR: Two long-distance passenger trains of the Nagpur division of Central Railway will soon have on-board housekeeping services (OBHS), ensuring clean toilets, vestibules and aisles all through the journey.Senior divisional commercial manager (SrDCM) Sumant Deulkar said the two trains - 11402-11401 Nagpur-Mumbai Nandigram Express via Nanded and biweekly 11454-11453 Nagpur-Ahmedabad-Nagpur Prerna Express - will the first to get OBHS services.Long-distance trains that travel for more than 16 hours and are on the move in the early morning hours generally have OBHS services.\"Under OBHS, toilets, doorways and vestibules will be cleaned at regular intervals on passengers' demand. The work will be carried out by trained staff in all coaches with reserved seating. Apart from dry and wet cleaning, the staff will also spray air freshener, replenish soap and deodorize toilets,\" said Deulkar.He said this will help solve one of the major complaints of unclean compartments and stinking toilets faced by rail passengers.Consumer rights activist Avinash Prabhune said almost every alternate train is unclean. \"It will be a good move, but private contractors derail such plans by offering poor services. They (contractors) should be held responsible for the mess. Their bills should not be paid unless a positive feedback from passengers is received,\" Prabhune said.OBHS was planned for all Rajdhani, Shatabdi, Duronto and other important long distance mail/express trains, including Garib Rath, for frequent cleaning of coach toilets, doorways, aisles and passenger compartments while the trains were travelling.However, Deulkar said this facility is not available aboard Nagpur-Pune Garib Rath and Nagpur-Mumbai Duronto.Senior officials said the scheme has so far been implemented in around 300 trains. Important trains identified by zonal railway headquarters are being provided OBHS at first. They said OBHS facility can be provided on trains satisfying some parameters, such as journey time/period, coach type etc.\"Identification of trains for provision of OBHS scheme, as per requirements, is an ongoing process. Cost of provision of OBHS may vary from train to train and depends upon the number and type of coaches and journey time,\" a senior railway official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16501708", "title": "Centre sanctions Rs 50cr for backwater tourism project", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Tourism minister AP Anil Kumar said the Centre will allot Rs 50 crore for the Alappuzha backwater tourism development master plan. \"The fund will be given in two instalments of Rs 25 crore. The first transfer will be in October,\" he said. The state had submitted the Rs 400 crore tourism project to the Centre last year.The minister also met state MPs on Wednesday to discuss their suggestions before formulating a statelevel tourism master plan. This is the first the time tourism department has invited MPs for a meet to discuss tourism initiatives. MPs P Karunakaran , MI Shanavas, KP Dhanapalan, Jose K Mani , Kodikunnil Suresh, PT Thomas , Anto Anthony, Peethambara Kurup, A Sampath, Joy Abraham apprised the minister about the tourism potential of their respective constituencies.\"It is perhaps for the first time that such a comprehensive meeting has been held with the MPs, who are the best representatives of their respective tourist destinations,\" said Anil Kumar. Also there has been a substantial hike in the budgetary allocation for tourism from Rs 105 crore last year to Rs 180 crore this year.Minister KV Thomas emphasised the need for waste-free destination campaign, and asked the department to obtain the most suitable waste-management project for the state.Hartals should not affect the sector, he said, adding that in West Bengal IT and tourism vehicles are flagged with a green label to exempt it from strike-related violence. Thomas said the cooperation of the Kochi Port Trust and refinery could be sought to contribute to the tourism developmental activ ity at Ernakulam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497935", "title": "Businessman\u2019s son falls to death", "text": "MUMBAI: Cops have registered an accidental death report (ADR) following the death of a businessman's son after falling from the 32nd floor of Planet Godrej Towers, Agripada.Cops said that on Wednesday evening, the body of Sutikshan Agarwal (25), a resident of flat no. 3208, was found in the building garden by the security guards, who alerted society members. Cops said that Sutikshan's parents were away when the incident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16501553", "title": "Raj Chakrabarty is back with Prem Amar 2", "text": "There are love stories. There are the ones where love remains unrequited. And it's the latter that's currently got director Raj Chakrabarty kicked. Nothing incidental, it seems, since it was his liking for tragedy that got translated in films like Chirodini Tumi Je Amar and Prem Amar.Now, after a year and a half, Raj is back with a romantic tragedy, Prem Amar 2, produced by Shree Venkatesh Films. \"PA2 is a romantic road movie which has a tragic ending. There's something special about unrequited, incomplete love. Premer jantrona te ekta moja ache . The film starts with a bus accident and shows the lives of the survivors and how their love was either destroyed or lost because of the mishap,\" said Raj.Bengali movie-goers are an emotional lot, feels the director, adding that the tragic plot will strike a chord with the audience. \"I want people to rue the fact that the lead pair never gets to be together in the end. There will also be a lot that will laud the storyline. I'm prepared for mixed reactions,\" said Raj.PA2 stars Mimi , Soham, Abir and Payel. The makeup has been done by Aniruddha Chakladar. \"After Chirodini... and Prem Amar, we thought that there aren't many films which are tragic, yet entertaining. We have deliberately moved away from the tried-and-tested 'formula' of boy-meets-girl, boy-chases-girl and boy-rescues-girl. A love story with a tragic ending never fails to touch the hearts of the audience. I feel Raj handles the subject brilliantly and sensitively,\" said Shrikant Mohta, one of the producers of the film.Any clues to whether the Abir-Payel and Soham-Mimi love stories meet with tragic ends? \"Wait and watch,\" quipped Raj, smiling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497581", "title": "This Ganesha idolizes education for girls", "text": "MUMBAI: Over 8,000 colour pencils and 12,000 erasers have been used to make the Ganesh idol of the Jai Ambe Mitra Mandal, Raval Nagar, Bhayander (East). The mandal's theme is 'when you educate a girl, you educate a nation'. When the mandal turned three in 2009, its members felt the need to use the 10-day festival as a platform to spread social messages. This year, when the mandal was deliberating on themes, stories of female foeticide were making headlines, said mandal president Mukesh Ufale. \"We worship goddesses. But when it comes to our daughters and sisters, we want to simply marry them off. That is when the idea of educating the girl child occurred to us.\"After deliberations, it was decided to use stationery to make the pandal's idol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16499045", "title": "Opposition denied permission to hold meeting", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Corporation secretary B K Balaraj has denied the opposition councillors permission to hold a council meeting on September 26 to discuss the continuation of deputy mayor P T Abdul Latheef in the council as a vigilance case is pending against him.The decision to hold the meeting was taken after mayor A K Premajam had turned down their request to convene a council meeting to discuss the issue three times. The mayor's contention was that the Kerala Municipality Act, 1994 does not have provisions to discuss a matter pending before a court.In the vigilance case registered against Abdul Latheef, he is the second accused. It is related to allotment of space for the Punjab National Bank to set up its ATM counter on the corporation premises while Latheef was the deputy mayor in the last council.After the mayor refused to convene a meeting to discuss the issue, the opposition submitted a letter to the corporation secretary and the mayor on September 18 informing them about the plan to hold the council meeting on September 26. The corporation secretary said he had turned down the request on the basis of legal opinion. \"The case against the deputy mayor is in court, and hence a discussion on the matter is not possible,\" he said.Earlier, the mayor had asked the opposition to move a no-confidence motion against Abdul Latheef in the council under section 19 of the Municipality Act.Opposition deputy leader K Muhammed Ali said the ruling party was trying to be clever. \"If we bring in a no-confidence motion, we won't be able to raise this issue again for the next six months. We have not given up the fight. We will meet in a day or two to decide our future course of action,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16501512", "title": "A traditional fresher bash for MCA students", "text": "The occasion was special, as for the first time, a fresher bash was organized by the students of MCA department of St Xavier's College. Students turned up in their traditional best.\"Since we belong to the first batch of this department, we did not get our fresher's party, but we made sure to make the occasion memorable for our juniors,\" says a student, Vishwajeet. The do kicked off with some dance performances. Deepika and Shikha's dance on Aa ante amlapuram upped the mood of the party. This was not all. Some fun games were lined up for the juniors, based on which, Swati and Vaibhav were chosen as Miss and Mr Fresher. The do ended with students dancing way to glory on some chartbusters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16500137", "title": "Motorist beaten up for questioning agitators", "text": "There was chaos on Sterling Road in Nungambakkam on Friday morning as hundreds of motorists were stuck for nearly three hours due to a protest by Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi (VCK) activists, including party president Thol Thirumavalavan, against the visit of Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa . A few VCK men also beat up a motorist whom they saw speaking to a journalist about the protest. Police, however, didn't initiate any action as \"there was no complaint .\" Traffic resumed around noon after police arrested Thirumavalavan and 220 VCK cadres. They were released later in the evening. Around 8.30am, about 300 VCK cadres gathered near the subway near Loyola College. At 9am, Thirumavalavan joined them and the cadres began marching towards the new Sri Lankan deputy high commission on Sterling Road. They had covered a short distance when they were stopped. Police, who had handled protests in different parts of the city by various organizations over the last one week, had cordoned off the area by putting up barricades from 7am. The VCK activists sat on the road and raised anti-Sri Lanka slogans . They also burnt the flag of the island nation. As the protest continued, motorists coming towards the Loyola College from Nelson Manickam Road found the road completely blocked. Many office-goers in cars and on two-wheelers vented their anger by honking continuously but that did nothing to stir the agitating cadres. There was a cascading effect and there were traffic snarls on adjoining roads. Some VCK men beat up a motorist whom they saw speaking to a TV journalist about how the protest had affected office-goers . This happened right in front of police personnel. Panic struck the stranded motorists. \"Our safety seems to be at peril. Policemen who are supposed to prevent them from indulging in violence have remained mute spectators,\" said Shanmugaham , a biker. Police said they had not received a complaint from the victim. \"We haven't received any petition and the policemen who pacified the agitators did not hand over the attackers to senior officers,\" said Nungambakkam inspector T Thyagarajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500120", "title": "HC stays plan to lease out hall in Kolathur", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has askedthecity corporation to maintain status quo with regard to a community hall in DMK treasurer M K Stalin's assembly Kolathur constituency . \"Status quo as of today shall be maintained ,\" Justice V Dhanapalan said in a interim order on Friday , adding that notice too should be issued to the authorities , returnablein four weeks. Thisinterim order willdelay implementation of the Chennai corporation's resolution tohand over the community hall on S R PKoil Street (north )in Kolathur to the police department to housetheK-9 policestation . Stalin moved the petition on Thursday , stating that a large number people in his constituency wereusing the hall for functions and that a representation signedby 683 peopleopposing its hand over to the police had been submittedtothe authorities . He said that on August 10, he was informed of the corporation's decision to lease out the hallto accommodate a policestation was 'whimsical .'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16498780", "title": "Pol murder case: 482-page charge sheet filed", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Local crime branch has filed 482-page charge sheet against 17 accused involved in Tirupati Pol murder case. Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader Pol was hacked to death in broad day light in Ghugus on June 28 by a gang of contract killers sponsored by his rival in coal trade Sheikh Haji.The case was handed over to LCB for investigation following inaction of Ghugus police. LCB in-charge AR Pipre investigated into the case and one after other arrested 17 persons involved directly in the murder, those who helped in the crime and those who sheltered the accused in the case.Main accused Haji Sheikh was arrested during the course of investigation after minor shoot-out in Deoli. Investigation officer Pipre on Friday filled the charge sheet in the court. Sources claimed that at least four accused in the case are still at large and manhunt for them is underway.Nine externed from WardhaWardha: To maintain law and order during Ganeshtosav City Police have externed nine antisocial persons out of Wardha till September 30. The nine persons are: Vishal Ramteke (28), Liyakat Ali Nisar Ali (27), Rakesh Pande (22), Paresh Sahu (26), Dipak Wasnik (20), (all residents of Itwara), Manoj Jaiswal (30), Poddar Bagicha, Mayur Daf (22 of Ramnagar), Prakash Jadhav (22 of Hindnagar), Pramod Ganjare (51 of Mhada Colony). A copy of the order has been forwarded to the SDO.Police inspector Vijay Kuhikar said, \"To maintain law and order during Ganesh festival and to avoid any inconvenience to public we decided to 'tadipar' the nine persons. Some of them were selling illegal liquor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16499273", "title": "Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti Arabi- Farsi University's academic session to begin in Nov", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 2012-13 academic session of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti Arabi- Farsi University is all set to begin in November. The decision was taken at the second executive council meeting that was held on Friday.According to university vice-chancellor Dr Anis Ansari, a total of 74 posts have been sanctioned by the government. This includes 10 professors, 20 associate professors and 44 assistant professors. It is expected that till November 50% of the total posts will be filled up. Ansari also said that the university has requested the state government to make a provision of Rs 25 crore for the development of the university in its annual budget. In the meeting, the V-C said that the university is aimed at promoting Urdu, Arabic and Farsi and is working in this direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16498825", "title": "Bengal to hardsell financial hub in Mumbai", "text": "KOLKATA: In a desperate attempt to draw investors to the financial hub in Rajarhat New Town, state urban development minister Firhad Hakim along with his department and Hidco officials will be meeting bankers and investors in Mumbai on Saturday. The financial hub which is being touted as the next in line to Mumbai's own Bandra Kurla has received only one application so far.Hard pressed over to attract investment in the much touted international financial hub in Rajarhat New Town that has only received one application from financial institutes so far, state urban development minister Firhad Hakim and other senior urban development and Hidco officials will be meeting bankers and investors and Mumbai on Saturday to attract investments for the financial hub which is being touted as the second such financial hub after Mumbai's own Bandra Kurla.While Firhad will address the bankers and other financial institute representatives, Hidco chairman cum managing director Debashis Sen, who is also the state urban development secretary, will give a presentation in Saturday's meeting.\"We have received some serious enquiries on the financial hub. Bid applications are normally received close to the last date of submission,\" Sen said. The last date for submitting applications has been extended to October 31 this year.Though the basic condition of the financial institutions having an annual turnover of Rs 500 crore remains, but the applicant will now be able to get a plot at a fixed price. Hidco authorities have selected the Infrastructure Leasing and Financial Services (ILFS) as the transaction advisor for the financial hub.It was in March this year that chief minister Mamata Banerjee had laid the foundation stone of the hub amid much funfare. The government had also pinned hopes on the hub. However, much to their disappointment, only one firm showed interest so far and submitted an application to invest in the hub. Even after extending the deadline to July 31, the state did not receive any fresh applications.The Hidco authorities had then sought the help of the Union urban development ministry and a meeting was held at New Delhi last month with reputable financial institutions and bankers. The Union urban development ministry secretary Sudhir Krishna, state urban development minister Firhad Hakim and his departmental secretary Debashis Sen were present in the meeting, organised jointly by the state and Union urban development departments. Saugata Ray, who resigned as the union minister of state for urban development only on Friday was also present.With the Trinamool Congress withdrawing support from the UPA II government, this time around, the state has to fend for itself.This time however, things are a little more tough for the state government will have to hardsell the financial hub all by themselves without the centre by their side, as the Trinamool Congress have withdrawn support from the UPA and six of the Trinamool ministers tendering their resignation only on Friday itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500107", "title": "Centre plans to amend Mental Health Act", "text": "CHENNAI: The Centre plans to amend the Mental Health Act, 1987 to cater to the long-term needsof the mentally ill. \"The government is seriously thinking about amending the Mental Health Act, 1987 and the Persons with Disabilities Act, 1999 to ensure they include all the long-term needs of mentally ill patients and to see that no right of theirs is violated ,\" said Keshav Desiraju , special secretary , Union ministry of health andfamily welfare . Desiraju was speaking at theinaugural programmeof an international conference on Schizophrenia organised by Schizophrenia Research Foundation here on Friday . Noting that mentally challenged patients constituted nearly 3% of the country's population , he said there was an increasing need to spread awareness on mentaldisorderstoshatter misconceptions . T Ramasami , secretary , department of science and technology , and Girija Vaidyanathan , state secretary , department of health , were among those present .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16499389", "title": "Maya govt's notification for creation of CSM Nagar is invalid: High court", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court on Friday observed that the Mayawati government had no right to issue notification on July 1, 2010 for creation of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Nagar, sending the matter to a division bench for final adjudication. The full bench, which had to answer certain questions referred to it by the division bench, however, said that it shall be open for the government to issue a notification to meet out exigencies to handle the situation, which may arise on account of legal hurdles in creation of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Nagar, whose name was later changed to Amethi.The full bench comprising Justice Devi Prasad Singh, Justice Shabihul Hasnain and Justice Devendra Kumar Arora passed the above order while deciding three questions referred to it in course of hearing of five PILs seeking disbanding of the newly created Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Nagar.A large-scale controversy had been revolving around the creation of CSM Nagar. On May 21, 2003, the state government had issued notifications for creation of the district, but it was stayed by the high court on October 9, 2003. The state government, however, later issued another notification on November 13, 2003 abolishing the district. Yet again, the controversy came to light on March 26, 2010, when the high court directed the state government to take decision on a representation of a local resident seeking creation of the district. The Mayawati government issued fresh notification on July 1, 2010 in pursuance to the representation for creation of CSM Nagar.The PILs challenged the July 1 notification on the plea that the Centre and state government themselves had issued notifications in 2009 that the state government will not change the boundaries of nagar palikas, revenue villages, tehsils, police stations, development blocks, talukas, parganas and districts between January 1, 2010 and March 31, 2011, because of the Census operations. Under the said position, the state government should not have carved out Salon and Tiloi tehsils from Rae Bareli and Amethi, Gauriganj and Musafirkhana from Sultanpur to make CSM Nagar.A division bench on August 18, 2010 stayed the July 1, 2010 notification on a PIL, but another division bench dismissed a PIL filed against the creation of the district. As the contradictory views of two different benches surfaced, the state government moved Supreme Court, which vacated the stay, but further directed the high court to decide the issue on merit. It is at this point that a division bench hearing the matter framed certain questions and referred them for reply from a larger bench. The chief question was whether the issuance of notification on July 1, 2010 was violative of directives issued by the Centre under Census rules, which prohibited alteration of boundaries during Census operation.The full bench on Friday replied that the said notification was invalid, directing the division bench to adjudicate the controversy in the light of the present observation.\"The jurisdiction exercised by the government during Census operation and continuance of notification issued under Census rule, the power exercised by it under UP Land Revenue Act shall be illegal and void. Hence, all consequential actions shall also not survive. Of course, it shall be open for the government to issue a notification to meet out exigency of services within the constitutional framework and four corners of the law after Census operation,\" observed the bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497963", "title": "Another held in ex-mayor\u2019s shooting case", "text": "MUMBAI: The state ATS on Thursday arrested Abul Hasan Mistry (40), one of the three shooters in former mayor Milind Vaidya's shooting case. Mistry, who was convicted for life by a special Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA) court, was released on parol on June 19, 2006. Soon after his release he went into hiding and never returned to jail. He was arrested from Nalasopara, said ATS chief Rakesh Maria.Eight persons were arrested by the crime branch for their alleged role in the shooting that took place on March 4, 1999, at Mahim. The accused had used AK-47s. Seven persons were injured. Three of them died later. Of the eight accused six have been convicted. \"Mistry was awarded life sentence and a fine of Rs 16 lakh. He came out on parol in 2006, but disappeared after that. While on the run, Mistry worked as a truck driver in Haryana, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh. We received information that he had come to meet his wife and children at Nalasopara and picked him up on Thursday,\" added Maria. He said Mistry was nabbed with a factory made revolver and three rounds. He was booked under the Arms Act and remanded in police custody till September 27.The Milind Vaidya case had created a stir in the city and was the first conviction under MCOCA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500348", "title": "Lankan held for running illegal ferry service, booked under NSA", "text": "CHENNAI: The coastal security group (CSG) police have detained a Sri Lankan Tamil under the National Security Act (NSA) for running an illegal ferry service between Mandapam in Ramanathapuram district in Tamil Nadu and Talaimannar in Sri Lanka. Suresh, 28, was caught when he came to Mandapam to drop two Sri Lankan Tamils and parked the boat, stolen from a Sri Lankan fisherman, on the sea shore. The illegal ferry service came to light when a few fishermen spotted the Sinhalese fishing boat on the shore near Mandapam, where the biggest refugee transit camp is located . On a tip-off , police personnel laid a trap and nabbed Suresh just before he put out to sea and headed out for Talaimannar . Police said Suresh has confessed to taking refugees back and forth. \"The coastal security group police arrested Suresh for running an illegal ferry service. He was has also been detained under the NSA and remanded in judicial custody,\" additional director general of police (ADGP-CSG ) C Sylendra Babu told TOI. Interrogation revealed that Suresh had been ferrying refugees illegally for the past several months. Police believe that many LTTE cadres and LTTE supporters, who failed to get travel documents from the Sri Lankan government, may have used the ferry service to land in Tamil Nadu. Likewise, the Sri Lankan Tamils staying in the refugee camps in the state and willing to return home may have also used the service. Suresh often stole a fishing boat and used it for ferrying people. He charged Rs 30,000 to 50,000 for a trip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16500422", "title": "Farmers\u2019 campaign to promote use of ethanol", "text": "COIMBATORE: Farmers' leader C Nallasami, who created headlines in the last two decades by demanding legalization of toddy tapping in Tamil Nadu , will embark on an awareness campaign soon from Coimbatore to Delhi to promote ethanol as an automotive fuel.Talking to reporters in Erode on Friday, Nallasami said the awareness campaign would begin on Saturday and it will cover major cities en route. Organised under the banner of The People's Movement of India, the campaign would address farmers across different regions and increase their awareness regarding the possibilities of ethanol. Ministers and senior officials of different states would be approached and finally detailed memorandums would be submitted to Prime Minister and Union Agriculture Minister. Nallasami would be accompanied by a set of farmers from the Erode-Coimbatore region. \"Instead of importing petroleum, we have to focus on ethanol. It can make India a super power,'' said Nallasami. The campaign would also press for change in liquor policy to promote mild intoxications like toddy with lesser harm to health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16502680", "title": "GU students gherao V-C over demands", "text": "GUWAHATI: Students of Gauhati University led by the Students' Federation of India (SFI) gheraoed vice-chancellor Okhil Kumar Medhi for around half an hour on Friday in protest against the failure of the university authorities to address their grievances.The students staged a sit-in-demonstration on the university campus demanding teachers proportionate to the number of students, decrease in the course fees, better facilities in canteens and adequate number of girls' hotels in the university among others.\"Gauhati University is one of the pioneer educational institutions of the northeast, but today it is plagued with problems. Our demand from the authorities is development of infrastructure and increase in the number of seats for students. The internet facility in the university is not good enough. Besides, the library needs to be digitized,\" said Ritu Ranjan Das, secretary of the state unit of SFI.Das added that though 1,988 girls are studying in the university, the hostels can accommodate only 810 of them. \"Lack of enough seats in the girls' hostels is a big problem in the university. Due to lack of adequate seats, many of the girl students are forced to reside outside the university campus, putting their safety at risk,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16498901", "title": "Subsidies on food: Study advises delay of cash transfer scheme", "text": "NEW DELHI: With finance minister P Chidambaram recently declaring at a full Planning Commission meeting that cash transfers may replace subsidies for food, fertilizers and fuel by the end of the 12th five year Plan, the controversial proposal has again moved center stage. A recently concluded pilot project in Delhi which substituted ration cards with Rs 1000 transferred monthly to families throws light on the pros and cons of the scheme.The study involved 450 below poverty line households living in Raghubir Nagar, a colony in west Delhi. Of these, 100 households (called the transfer group) received the cash through a bank account opened in the women's name. The remaining 350 households (called control group) continued their routine of getting wheat, rice and sugar from the local 'ration shops' on their 'ration cards'.The final report of the study reveals that there was no difference between the amount of wheat, rice and sugar consumed by the transfer group and the control group. However, those getting cash transfers bought more pulses and eggs/fish/meat. Another significant finding was that those getting cash appeared to divert some of it at least to spending on medical attention from private hospitals. Earlier, when they were not getting the cash, only 2.4 percent households of this group used to go to a private hospital but after getting the monthly cash installments, this proportion shot up to almost 21%. Those not getting cash transfers continued to either go to government hospitals or seek alternative medicine which involved less spending.Besides these two changes in lifestyle, cash transfers did not affect any other habits. There was no difference in fuel usage - cash receiving families did not switch to less hazardous fuels like LPG. Their children's attendance or performance at school did not improve. They did not invest in income or skill enhancing measures. They did not spend more on sanitary improvements to their homes. Their savings did not improve. And, importantly, the men of the family did not increase spending on alcohol.Not surprisingly, some of the cash transferred to the families was used by them to pay off pending loans, thus reducing their debt load. The families that had accepted the cash transfer system were more indebted to begin with, having an average debt of Rs.74,746 compared to an average debt of Rs.43,216 among the control group.The study also found that performance of the ration shops in the area improved after the study started - an unexpected spillover effect as the shopkeepers tried to keep their customers secure.So, what is the bottom-line? Although 96% of those included in the year long study said at the end that they would like to continue with receiving cash, the report observes that \"among the poor there is a strong public opinion in favor of the PDS system of subsidized food and fuel, in spite of its many defects\". Most of the poor are so used to the PDS system that they would be very insecure if it disappeared, the report says. Pointing to the multiple advantages of a BPL card in getting other government benefits the report says that people are \"wary of experimentation\" with this important document.The study report also highlighted a surprising stumbling block - opening bank accounts. They found that \"banks actively discourage no-frill accounts\" in spite of directives from the RBI. \"Opening a bank account is a tedious, time consuming and sometimes humiliating process,\" the report says.So, the study report recommends that the government very gradually introduce the cash transfer scheme and that too as an option, allowing the people to choose between ration cards and cash.It was supported by the government of Delhi and the United Nations Development Program (UNDP) with Self Employed women's Association (SEWA) doing the ground work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497830", "title": "Supreme Court admits Buddhists' plea to manage Mahabodhi Temple at Bodh Gaya", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday admitted a petition seeking transfer of exclusive management rights of 2,500 year-old Mahabodhi Temple at Bodh Gaya, a World Heritage site since 2002, to the Buddhists from the government.A bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and J Chelameswar issued notices to the Centre, Bihar government and Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) on a petition by the Buddhist organization, Bhante Arya Nagarjun Shurai Sasai, and sought Attorney General G E Vahanvati's assistance in the matter.Appearing for the petitioner, senior advocate Rajeev Dhavan said the management of the holiest Buddhist shrine by persons from other religions hurt the religious sentiments of the Buddhists and questioned the constitutional validity of provisions of 60-year-old Bodh Gaya Temple management Act, which permitted it.The petitioner said, \"Lakhs of Indian Buddhists continue to be denied the exclusive right of management and control of the Mahabodhi Temple in Bodh Gaya, Bihar, on account of the offending provisions of the 1949 Act. At present, due to mismanagement and indifference to the temple, the sacred Bodhi tree is in danger of decay as found by a committee of the ASI.\"The Indian National Congress had in 1922 appointed a committee headed by Dr Rajendra Prasad, which had recommended joint management of the shrine by both the Hindus and the Buddhists. After independence, the Bihar government implemented the recommendations and enacted the 1949 Act.\"The Act ended the Mahant's monopoly over the shrine. However, it entrusted the temple management to a nine-member committee comprising five Hindus and four Buddhists and giving hereditary membership to Saivite Mahant and his successors in Bodh Gaya Temple Management Committee,\" the petitioner said and complained that the decision by the Hindu members, who had majority, prevailed over the opinion of the Buddhists.According to the Unesco, which gave it World Heritage site status, \"The Mahabodhi Temple Complex is one of the four holy sites related to the life of the Lord Buddha, and particularly to the attainment of Enlightenment. The first temple was built by Emperor Asoka in the 3rd Century B.C., and the present temple dates from the 5th or 6th centuries. It is one of the earliest Buddhist temples built entirely in brick, still standing in India, from the late Gupta period.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16501693", "title": "Proposals sought for new projects", "text": "Varanasi: To ease traffic movement in the city, the divisional commissioner has sought proposals within two days for the construction of a new bridge over Ganga, expansion of a newly constructed flyover, construction of three new flyovers and two railway overbridges worth of Rs 46,437 lakh.Discussing the issue with officials from various departments on Thursday, the commissioner Chanchal Kumar Tiwari asked for proposals for a new bridge over Ganga parallel to the existing Malviya bridge at Rajghat, expansion of newly constructed Chowkaghat-Andhrapul flyover up to Roadways bus stand-Lahertara, construction of new flyovers from Sigra crossing to Rathyatra crossing, and from Sanskrit university crossing to Lahurabir-Girijaghar-Chittaranjan Park, as well as railway overbridges (ROBs) at Gate-3A level crossing situated between Varanasi Jn-Manduadih railway station, and at Gate-23A (Kazzakpura) level crossing situated between Varanasi City-Sarnath railway station.The commissioner instructed the officials of BSNL , electricity and Jalkal departments to shift the telephone lines, electric poles and drinking water pipelines respectively from the sites of the proposed projects. For this purpose, they were asked to provide their estimates to Setu Nigam by September 22. However, Jal Nigam officials expressed inability to shift the sewer line after which the commissioner asked the project manager of Setu Nigam to take special care during construction to avoid damage to the same. For the construction of ROBs at Gate3A and Gate-23A level crossings, the district magistrate issued the closure certificates on Thursday.There is a technical hitch in the construction of new bridge over Ganga at Rajghat as it will need a no-objection certificate from the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), New Delhi. An ASI protected monument is situated near the existing bridge and no construction within 100 metres from the same is permitted. The commissioner asked the Setu Nigam officials to look for other suitable options keeping in view the situation in the next 40-50 years.These projects, if implemented properly, would certainly help improve the traffic scene in the city. However, past projects, such as the Chowkaghat-Andhrapul flyover and the ROB at Gate-4 level crossing have failed to achieve their purpose and are proving worthless for the time being. Despite this, the commissioner has asked for expansion of Chowkaghat-Andhrapul flyover up to Lahertara. It may be mentioned that the UP minister of state for PWD and irrigation Surendra Patel had announced in March that the length of this flyover would be expanded. Despite completion of the first phase of this flyover, most vehicles are still moving on GT Road.The construction of this flyover began in March 2009. In the first phase, a two-lane flyover was constructed on the eastern lane of Chowkaghat-Cantt depot road. It was opened for commuting in June. In the second phase of the project, a parallel two-lane flyover had to be constructed on the western lane. But on August 1, the then chief secretary DS Mishra ordered to stop the second phase work when during physical inspection of project site, he found that PWD was constructing the flyover without ensuring availability of space to create a service lane.Similarly, overlooking the demand for an ROB at gate-3A level crossing in Manduadih area, which is used by lakhs of people everyday, the project of ROB was sanctioned at Gate-4. The construction which started in 2007 was completed in 2010. This ROB failed to ease the traffic in Manduadih area. However, another newly constructed flyover at Pandeypur crossing helped reduce traffic load at Pandeypur crossing up to some extent and is used by vehicles moving between Ashapur and police lines crossing.It may be mentioned here that the total length of the roads within the area of Varanasi Nagar Nigam is 1170 km, which constitute roads maintained by the National Highway Authority of India and CPWD (National Highways No 2, 29 and 56), roads maintained by state PWD department and other roads maintained by VNN. Out of the total length, the VNN maintains approximately 70% of the roads, which are internal arterial roads and narrow streets in the old city area.The old city includes very congested areas like Chowk, Kotwali, and Adampura, having narrow bylanes and mixed land use. According to the report of city development plan prepared under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM), the width of these lanes varies from 1 to 2 meters and only pedestrian movement is possible. However, people do use two wheelers, making it difficult for the pedestrians to walk. The presence of wholesale trade, Mandis, and encroachments in the old city adds to the congestion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16498325", "title": "Rail ministry should go to Maha leader: Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "MUMBAI: Amid deliberations over reshuffle in the union cabinet, CM Prithviraj Chavan dropped hints that he would like the railway ministry to go to someone from Maharashtra.Chavan told mediapersons on Friday that the ministry should be represented by someone from Western India. Madhu Dandavate was the last cabinet minister from Maharashtra to hold the railways portfolio in the mid-eighties, he reminded.With TMC officially quitting the UPA on Friday, all eyes are now on the impending cabinet reshuffle. Interestingly, Chavan's name itself has been doing the rounds for a cabinet berth in Delhi. He, however, has played low-key on these speculations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16502818", "title": "Heavy rain, storm likely in Meghalaya", "text": "SHILLONG: Rising moisture from the Bay of Bengal has lead to the formation of a \"low pressure area\" over Chattisgarh, culminating in thunder showers and cyclonic storms in most of the northeast, including Meghalaya over the last few days.\"There is a strong trough position,\" said an official of the MET department, adding that the southwest monsoon, which has been riding over the Sunderbans in West Bengal , was still active over a vast region in eastern India. He added the region will see heavy rainfall and intermittent storms in the coming weeks.\"Moderate to heavy rainfall, including thunder squalls is predicted over the next week in the entire region, especially Meghalaya\" a MET department official said.Meanwhile, residents of Shillong have been experiencing rains accompanied with gales in the last few nights.There have been reports of branches of trees falling over high tension electricity wires in parts of the city due to the gales, cutting of power supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16502069", "title": "Meri Jaan set to release next month", "text": "The dangerous duo of Jay Status &amp; DJ Sanj return for the fourth time in 2012 for their brand new single 'Meri Jaan' - set to release October 2012.Meri Jaan will be a throwback to the classic RnB &amp; Hip Hop sound of DJ Sanj. The video has been shot by Filmlore (Chugliyan &amp; Katal Kare) and is set to 'shock &amp; awe'!With the sucess of the 'Chugliyan', 'Mukhada' and the huge 'Katal Kare', 'Meri Jaan' will showcase a new side to Jay Status, who has been nominated as both 'Best Male' &amp; 'Best Newcomer' at the Brit Asia Music Awards 2012. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497803", "title": "India urges Lanka to revive stalled talks with Tamil parties", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is making serious attempts to revive the stalled talks between the Sri Lankan government and the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) for a national reconciliation. It is learnt that the government told the Sri Lankan delegation, accompanying President Mahinda Rajapaksa , that TNA is a \"credible\" alliance, and with which the Lankan government must resume the dialogue process for speedy and genuine reconciliation in the island nation.After 18 rounds of talks since May, 2009, when the conflict ended, TNA pulled out in January after Rajapaksa insisted on carrying forward the dialogue only through a Parliament Select Committee (PSC). The Tamil parties have refused to join this panel leading to a stalemate.India delegates insisted on Thursday that resuming the dialogue soon would help build confidence among the Tamil minorities about the entire reconciliation process. Indian officials observed that the Lankan government should not have any problem in dealing with TNA because the Tamil alliance is all for a solution within a united Sri Lanka framework.Interestingly, while India has described TNA as a credible entity, Lankan authorities have raised doubts about certain activities of the Alliance. In an interview to TOI last month, Rajapaksa recalled a recent TNA conference at Batticaloa, where a call was made for its \"old agenda, when the LTTE was dictating terms to them\". The President had said that matters needed to be clarified.Lankan delegates have told Indian officials that the proposed PSC is itself a part of the larger exercise to build upon the 13th Amendment and create conditions for genuine reconciliation. Rajapaksa was of the view that even for the talks with TNA and PSC to go hand-in-hand, it was important for the Alliance to join PSC.Rajapaksa had said that the Lankan Parliament would take the final decision on talks with TNA, and consequently any solution arrived through PSC would be more workable.In the delegation-level talks, Lankan officials mentioned that the relations between the two countries have seen certain \"ups and downs\" without directly referring to India's vote against the island nation at the UN Human Rights Council. Indian delegates also took up the issue of delay in implementation of the recommendations by the Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Commission (LLRC).The Lankan officials emphasized on how their Cabinet has already approved an action plan for implementation of all 285 recommendations in the report, and how the government is focusing on those that can be carried out at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497166", "title": "CM stays firm on irrigation white paper", "text": "MUMBAI: Calling the cost overrun in irrigation projects incomprehensible, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday said it was about time that the NCP-controlled department brought the facts out in the public domain at the earliest.Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday called the cost overrun in irrigation projects incomprehensible and insisted it is about time the NCP-controlled department brought the facts out in the public domain at the earliest.Hinting at the reluctance on the part his coalition partner to publish a white paper on the performance of the irrigation sector in the past decade, Chavan said he stood firm on his demand of an inventory of projects undertaken so far. \"At a time when the state is going through its worst drought, these projects, had they been completed on time, could have provided many with adequate water to drink. People must know why cost of these projects rose for no apparent reason,\" he told TOI.The costs of 38 projects in Vidarbha were raised from Rs 6,672 crore to Rs 26,722 crore by the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation between June and August 2009. TOI has recently carried a series of reports exposing the contractor-minister-bureaucrat nexus that apparently led to criminal cost escalations in minor and big irrigation schemes in the state. Citing examples of upcoming dams in Pen, Amravati and Yavatmal, which witnessed an astronomical cost hike, Chavan said no amount of rise in the cost of raw material could push the project costs to \"this level\". \"I agree that expensive raw material could increase project costs but not to this level,\" he said, talking of work where cost escalations were approved at the insistence of a local MLA. \"That's criminal. There is nothing political in demanding a detailed report when such cases are cited.\"The coalition partners have failed to arrive at a consensus on the issue ever since a draft white paper prepared by water resources (irrigation) minister Sunil Tatkare said 5.68% additional land was brought under irrigation between 1995 and 2011. But Chavan had claimed the state's irrigation potential increased by 0.1%. A panel of senior secretaries was assigned the task of brining more clarity on it. \"There is a huge gap between the two figures and therefore, we must bring about some clarity in this,\" Chavan said. According to the white paper, about Rs 40,000 crore was spent on irrigation projects executed or approved between 1995 and 2011. Of this, Rs 12,000 crore was utilized on acquiring land, rehabilitation and establishment costs and Rs 10,000 crore on ongoing projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16498904", "title": "Police initiate action against 840 people externed, detained in Pune", "text": "PUNE: The city police have initiated preventive action, including detention and externment, against 840 people in different parts of the city, to avert any untoward incident during the ongoing Ganesh festival.The police have also sent 23 proposals to the state home department for externment of criminals on police records. The police have also started verifying the names and addresses of persons who have purchased cellphone SIM cards in the last two months.Deputy commissioner of police (zone-IV) Manoj Patil told TOI that the police have taken preventive action against 348 persons in the jurisdiction of zone-IV, which include areas like Hadapsar and Yerawada. \"We have also sent 15 proposals seeking externment of criminals on police records,\" Patil said.Patil said apart from taking action against criminals, the police have started checking up on persons who have rented houses in the zone. \"We have also filed cases against house owners who had not informed the police about their tenants,\" Patil said.For the first time, the police have checked on painters who paint vehicles as well as number plates of vehicles. The police also checked on owners of vehicles,who hadchanged the colours of their vehicles.\"We have conducted mock drills at nine spots and riot control scheme at seven spots in the zone to create awareness among citizens and to check the response time of our force,\" Patil said.He added that this year 802 Ganesh mandals are celebrating Ganesh festival in zone-IV. So far, the police have taken 1,077 meetings of the Ganeshmandal workers, jewellers, doctors, students from schools and colleges, autorickshaw drivers, vendors and member of peace committees and mohalla committees. \"We have intensified patrolling in the entire zone during the Ganeshfestival,\" Patil said.The deputy commissioner of police (zone-II) Ramnath Pokale said this year 582 Ganesh mandals are celebrating the Ganeshfestival, of which only 20 are big mandals. \"We are creating awareness among the residents of Pune Cantonment area by showing a short film on awareness about bomb blast,\" Pokale said.He said the police have taken preventive action against 502 persons in the zone. \"Last month, we exterened eight criminals from the limits of Pune district. We have also sent eight more proposals seeking externment,\" Pokale said. He said the police have booked 11 criminals under the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act in the first week of this month. \"The chargesheet against these criminals have been submitted in the court,\" Pokale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16496700", "title": "Centre for DNA and Fingerprinting Diagnostics scientist in plagiarism controversy", "text": "HYDERABAD: A plagiarism charge against a senior scientist of Centre for DNA and Fingerprinting Diagnostics has rocked the premier research institution, which is now conducting an investigation into the matter. The senior scientist, who even heads a department in CDFD, allegedly copied work from other sources and got published it as his research findings in an international science journal. The journal has now approached CDFD with the complaints it received from a Japanese scientist, who claimed that parts of his work was lifted by the Hyderabad-based scientist and passed on as his own.Sunil Kumar Manna, head and staff scientist of the immunology department of CDFD, had submitted a paper on cancerous cells to the Journal of Biological Chemistry, a leading US-based science periodical. After his paper was published, a Japanese researcher complained to the journal that some information and photographs of the research paper were from his work on the same subject and were copied and manipulated by Manna. The journal then brought the complaint to the notice of CDFD.J Gowrishankar, director, CDFD said, \"There have been some allegations of scientific misconduct involving one of the scientists of the institute. We have constituted a committee of senior scientists who are investigating this issue and have started communicating with the all the parties concerned with it. They would be giving out a final report in about two months time and based upon that we will decide if action needs to be taken or not against the scientist.\"The prestigious institute, which is staring at such grave charges for the first time, had suspended the scientist a couple of weeks ago. But it has reinstated him for now, even as the final investigation report on the charges against him is awaited. The charge memo he was served with remained unanswered, said sources. It is also learnt that some other research papers of this scientist are also being scrutinized.However, the scientific fraternity in the city is unhappy with the way CDFD is dealing with the matter. \"This incident has not only put the credibility of this institute at stake but also that of scientists working in it. The scientist was suspended only after prima facie evidence was found and it is strange that he was reinstated even as the investigation is on,\" said a scientist on condition of anonymity.He added that since CDFD handles some of the top criminal cases related to DNA fingerprinting, it is necessary that such kind of misconduct by employees be dealt with in a very stringent manner so as to retain faith in the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16500683", "title": "Vivek Oberoi's Sher is now in court custody", "text": "Ashtavinayak finds itself in a fresh legal wrangle with respect to its latest film Sher starring Sanjay Dutt and Vivek Oberoi .As of Tuesday, September 18, the Bombay High Court has appointed a Court Receiver, who will take charge of all of the film's prints and negatives, keeping them in his custody until such time as the execution of distributor Raju Shah's pending amount of Rs 36 crore.This newspaper had reported how Shah had moved court against Ashtavinayak, alleging it owes him monies to the tune of Rs 36 crore. What's more, Shah had claimed Ashtavinayak gave him postdated cheques totalling Rs 36 crore, of which cheques worth Rs 8 crore bounced.Shah, who had worked with Ashtavinayak on films like Blue, Khatta Meetha and Rockstar , had fallen out with the production house during the making of Rockstar. And yet, he had gone ahead with Ashtavinayak's Bol Bachchan simply because he thought things might improve. \"Of the Rs 41 crore Ashtavinayak owed us, it returned Rs 5 crore during Rockstar but we went mad trying to recover the remaining Rs 36 crore, with cheques bouncing left, right and centre,\" Shah had said at the time.The latest order of the Bombay High Court has been welcomed by the Shahs. Raju's son Yash said, \"We appreciate the order. It implies that Sher becomes the property of the Court, which in turn means the entire revenue generated on Sher, to whatever extent, will be in the High Court's possession. We now expect that our dues will be paid from those earnings.\"While Ashtavinayak 's signatory Dhillin Mehta remained unavailable, his office reverted to say that Ashtavinayak is merely the line producer and not the owner of Sher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16496818", "title": "Govt foils bid to sell abattoir land", "text": "HYDERABAD: Alarmed at the attempts by some individuals to sell off land parcels at Gowlipura in Bandlaguda Mandal where the work for modernizing a slaughterhouse is underway, the government has put up notice boards cautioning public against buying land there since a dispute case involving most part of the abattoir land is pending before the CCLA for more than a year now.The total extent of land in the Gowlipura abattoir is 14 acre, which in its entirety is being claimed by some individuals. Revenue officials say that though the private parties initially claimed all the land including that of the slaughterhouse in its entirety, they have later relinquished their claim over 2000 square yards of slaughterhouse land where slaughtering takes place. After the land dispute entered the high court, the court ordered the CCLA in 2011 to look into the matter and pass an order. The case is pending before the CCLA for more than a year and until then status quo is to be maintained. Meanwhile, the individuals were allegedly trying to sell the land.Mild tension prevailed in the area on Friday when revenue officials assisted by Gowlipura police officials from Bandlaguda tehsildar's office erected boards declaring the land \"litigation property\" to prevent it from being sold. Bandlaguda tehsildar Nagaraju said they had acted after the Hyderabad collector received complaints about land being sold. He maintained that the land belongs to the government as pahani records of the 1950s show the area as a slaughterhouse. A police picket has also been posted at the spot to ensure that status quo is maintained.The GHMC which is currently modernizing five abattoirs in the city including the one in Gowlipura has gone ahead with its work. Authorities say that two-thirds of the work is complete and they are in the stage of fixing operators to run the slaughterhouses. \"The operations are likely to begin after two months. We will go ahead with the remaining work. We are certain that the land belongs to the government. If the CCLA's order says otherwise we will challenge it in the court,\" said a senior GHMC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16498620", "title": "Confusion over medical institute tests cleared", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Clearing the clouds of uncertainty, at least in the country's prestigious medical institutes, the Union ministry of health and family affairs has instructed the PGI to conduct the postgraduate MD/ MS exams on 11 November and the AIIMS will continue with its previous schedule of 18 November. This comes a day after the TOI had highlighted how the instability of the UPA government had left over lakhs of medicos taking the exams in these institutes in lurch.This has come as relief to the doctors who were in a dilemma on where to apply for the various post graduate specialties. Informing the TOI from Delhi, Dr R C Deka, director, AIIMS said, \"We had been pursuing the government on the issue. Accordingly the ministry has clearly sent instructions on Friday to the PGI to make it on 11 November.\"The director AIIMS had explained his apprehensions to the ministry about his institute's inability to make any amendments for the examination. \"We have five examination centers in Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai and Guwahati. And to change dates in all these assigned centres is not feasible. PGI has its centre located in Chandigarh alone.\"The instructions from the ministry also have lashed out at the AIIMS and the PGI for lack of coordination in fixing the schedule as this clash has never been in the history of the institutes. There are over 10,000 medicos who take the exams for the PGI, while over lakhs of medicos attempt for the tests in the AIIMS. The competition is so fierce that there are a total of 148 seats in all specialities including the reserved category in the PGI and 289 in the AIIMS.Cheering the last moment decision, Dr Abeer Goel, a pass out from the Government medical college and hospital, Chandigarh said: \"It has come as a respite as the pattern for both exams is different. I have time to revise for both the exams and can now take a chance in AIIMS and the PGI.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16497787", "title": "Corporators want a say in garbage tenders", "text": "BANGALORE: The special council meet called on Friday to discuss the bylaws formulated for waste segregation at source and inclusion of the penalty clause for violators turned into a stage for some ego clashes.Instead of discussing the clauses, the corporators blamed BBMP for not taking their consent in issuing fresh tenders for garbage disposal.Taking objection, opposition party leader MK Gunashekar said: \"Why is approval for floating tenders coming from the government without the issue being discussed in the council? The KMC Act is supreme.\"Ruling party leader N Nagaraj raised objection to not being kept in the loop while floating tenders. \"Why can't we give an opportunity to Class-3 contractors? Ward-wise tenders must be called. Corporators know who works better in their wards and it is easy for us to work with those we know,\" said Nagaraj.Subhash Nagar corporator T Mallesh and Yeshwantpur corporator Munirathna Naidu accused bureaucrats of being involved with the garbage contractor lobby.FRESH TENDERSCommissioner Rajneesh Goel told TOI that the old tenders were cancelled. \"I haven't done anything in violation of rules. Approval from the mayor and government was sought before tender notifications were issued on September 18. The high court permitted us to go ahead with garbage contracts, and we have incorporated the HC guidelines in the fresh tenders. There are more than 1,000 Class-1 contractors. Solid waste management rules including segregation at source are also included,\" Goel said.SPECIAL GUESTSAmid the uproar, the council had some special guests on Friday. Participants of India Women for Leadership (I-WIL), a programme of the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore, witnessed the council proceedings. \"Despite the heated arguments, differences in opinion, the council was good as it introduced our participants to the functioning of local self-government. They discussed solid waste management, and the mayor acknowledged our presence,\" said Harveen Kaur, coordinator from IIM-B.DAMNING AFFIDAVITSA training programme conducted to bring awareness among corporators on waste segregation turned out to be warning for many officials who have failed in solid waste management.Responding to a query raised by a corporator at the programme, HC Sharathchandra, former chairman of the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board, said the BBMP had filed many affidavits before the high court, but had not adhered to them. \"When I was chairman of KSPCB, I served many notices to BBMP questioning their unscientific garbage disposal. This led to a Lok Adalat hearing. BBMP filed a number of affidavits in the HC too. If I pull out those affidavits now, many may have to go to jail,\" he said.Suggesting that corporators abandon party affiliations for the garbage cause, Sharathchandra said, \"You and I have not worked like labourers in the unscientific landfills to know what their sufferings are. All corporators must cooperate with BBMP in segregation of waste at source so the burden of solid waste management comes down.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16501807", "title": "Nag's Bhai to be launched on Dussera", "text": "'King' Akkineni Nagarjuna's forthcoming action entertainer Bhai is expected to be launched on the auspicious day of Dussera. A formal launch of the movie would be taking place on the festive day and a special pooja ceremony will be performed by the makers, sources say.Richa Gangopadhyay will be playing the female lead in this film, which will showcase Nagarjuna in a new avatar. Director Veerabhadram, who tasted success with \"Aha Naa Pellanta' and Poolarangadu\", said that he has completed writing the script and is looking forward to wield the megaphone.Devi Sri Prasad is scoring the music, while Sameer Reddy cranks the camera and Nagarjuna himself is producing the film, which is expected to be an action entertainer in a mafia backdrop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16502106", "title": "Lady Gaga 'to release secret tour diary'", "text": "Lady Gaga , who keeps a personal record of her life on the road as a memento to hand down to her children in years to come, wants to publish them.\"As she tours the world, Gaga notes everything down in her journal,\" a source told the Daily Star.\"It contains her thoughts, feelings, sketches, pictures and even letters between herself and mum Cynthia.\"She keeps it all together as a memento, so that if she ever has children they'll be able to read all about their pop star mum.\"Gaga also says that one day she would consider allowing it to be published, if the timing was right.\"But the eccentric singer wouldn't be using the diary to cash in.We're told: \"She often talks about how funny it would be to publish it. But if she did, her decision wouldn't be based on money, it would be for the fans.\"Gaga would consider it to be a gift to them,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16499148", "title": "Reprieve for Indian students in UK varsity crisis", "text": "LONDON: In a huge relief for some 350 Indian students of the London Metropolitan University, as also to hundreds of other scholars from non-EU countries, the high court of England and Wales acting on the university's application for interim relief allowed them to continue their studies while also allowing LMU authorities to challenge the recent revocation of its license to admit non-EU students.LMU had moved the court seeking a reversal of a ban imposed on it by the United Kingdom Border Agency (UKBA) - a division of the British home office - to admit and teach students from outside the EU, including India. Indian students with valid visas were affected by the ban; and faced deportation if they couldn't find places at alternative universities.The vice-chancellor, Professor Malcolm Gillies, said UKBA's decision was based on \"a highly flawed report by the UKBA\". The UK's National Union of Students may give evidence at the ensuing hearing, outlining the case has huge implications for international students coming to Britain.Lawyers representing the university while applying for the ban to be lifted have appealed for a judicial review of the matter. The university claims the UKBA ban could cost it up to \u00a330 million in income per year. The UKBA has insisted the decision to revoke do Met's sponsor licence was correct.A task force set up by the British government is attempting to find the concerned students places at other institutions. It has also set aside a fund of \u00a32 million to ensure these as well as students of other nationalities do not suffer any financial losses as a result of the restrictions imposed on London Met by UKBA.India has, in fact, been at the forefront of pressurizing British authorities on protecting the interests of genuine students. The proactive role played by the Indian high commission in London in this respect has fetched dividends.A diplomatic source said the Indian mission was the first to forcefully take up the matter with the British government, together with sending a diplomat to London Met to ascertain the facts. Following such moves, representatives of UK Universities and UKBA came scurrying to the high commission to assure it that bona fide Indian students will not endure any inconvenience and announce the \u00a32 million assistance package.It was also at such meetings that the figure of around 350 Indian students facing turmoil was admitted by UKBA; and the 60 day deadline earlier given to them to register with other universities extended.It is reliably learned the Indian high commission expressed concern to the UK government, including the foreign office, that Indian students were being discriminated against as compared to their counterparts from the European Union . It is understood India did not stand up for those whose visas had either expired or were not valid for the purpose of enrolment at London Metropolitan University.Last month the UKBA withdrew the university's \"highly trusted status\" which entitled it to sponsor students for UK visas in a crackdown on alleged abuse of the student visa system. Apparently, an investigation had discovered that London Met was not making proper checks on students.UKBA said the university had failed to address \"serious failings\" which had been pointed out more than six months ago. In a survey of 101 students, more than one-fourth had no permission to be in the UK. Another check revealed a significant number of students did not speak good enough English to be granted a student visa. Besides, the attendance records of many were found wanting.About 2,600 people hitherto admitted as non-EU students at London Met could be evicted from Britain if they do not get admission elsewhere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16502661", "title": "CM Tarun Gogoi leaves for Tokyo to study goods &amp; services tax", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi left for Tokyo on a six-day visit as member of the Empowered Committee of State Finance Ministers to study goods and services tax ( GST ) and related matters.This is his second foreign trip this year. He was in the US in June last to \"explore tie-ups with American educational institutes.\" Unfazed by criticism for his annual foreign trips, Gogoi said these trips abroad help him widen his knowledge base. \"Knowledge does not increase if one is restricted within a small space,\" Gogoi said, prior to his departure for Tokyo.Gogoi has skipped the 14-day Canada leg of the tour to Vancouver and Toronto undertaken by the Indian delegation as part of the study, which started on September 12. \"The chief minister will join the delegation for the Tokyo leg,\" the chief minister's office said here on Friday.The Indian delegation is led by the deputy chief minister and finance minister of Bihar and the chairman of the Empowered Committee of state finance ministers, Sushil Kumar Modi.Gogoi left for New Delhi in the morning and is scheduled to take a flight to Tokyo later in the day. Apart from his wife, Gogoi is accompanied by finance commissioner and secretary R C Joshi, commissioner of taxes John B Ekka and special protocol officer to the chief minister, Bipul Gogoi. The chief minister will be returning to Delhi on September 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16498290", "title": "Neighbour held for teen assault", "text": "MUMBAI: The Sewri police arrested a woman for allegedly assaulting her neighbour's 15-year-old daughter last Friday, which prompted the teen to consume poison and set herself ablaze. Sneha, a class IX student, died on Thursday in JJ Hospital. Jayanti Harijan (28) has been booked for abetment to suicide.ACP (Wadala division) DD Waghmare said that Sneha went to the police last Friday after Harijan had a fight with Sneha's mother. Harijan and three others then assaulted Sneha. \"The victim went into shock, consumed poison and set herself ablaze,\" said Waghmare. The three aides are still at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16498899", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi: World's smallest Ganesh idol?", "text": "PUNE: An art teacher from Sangamner, Anil Kamble, has claimed that he has created the world's smallest Ganesh idol. The idol is smaller than a mustard seed, approximately .68 mm in size, measured with the help of a micro meter screw gauge and a travelling microscope.Kamble, who was recently in Pune and has done his Applied Arts and procured an arts 'teachers' diploma from the Abhinav Kala Mahavidyalaya, said, \"The weight of the idol is 0.022 miligrams. I have not used any magnifying glass or lens while creating this idol and all body parts, including the idol's left hand and the 'modak', are clearly demarcated,\" he said, adding that the idol has been made using the glue M-Seal.The idol has to be viewed with a magnifying glass. The tiny idol will be auctioned in Mumbai during this year's Ganesh festival.\"25% of the proceeds will go an organisation working against female foeticide, while another 25% will go to the Sangram Mukbadhir Vidyalaya and Niwasi Matimand Vidyalaya in Saykhindi,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bhambhewa (jhajjar)", "code": "16499227", "title": "Monsoon wading for schoolkids at Bhambhewa, Jhajjar", "text": "BHAMBHEWA (JHAJJAR): Around 450 students of the government senior secondary school at Bhambhewa in Jhajjar, home district of Haryana education minister Geeta Bhukkal, have to learn swimming if they want to enter their classrooms now. For the past 20 days, classrooms and the premises of this school have been under floodwaters.The stagnant water in the school compound has also become a health hazard for students and teachers. Students have to wade through waist-deep water to come to the school now.The school authorities have approached the authorities but no effort has been made so far to drain out the accumulated water. Despite the waterlogging problem, students and teachers have been regularly coming to the school. Classes are now held at an elevated portion of the school.Parents and teachers are now worried that the stagnant stinking water may become a breeding ground for diseases. Already mosquito menace is a big problem in the area.Principal Vazir Singh said the school is located in a low-lying area at the outskirts of the village. \"Though we face minor difficulty every year during rainy season, this monsoon has inundated the entire campus and road to the school. I have apprised the education department officials of this. They have asked the village sarpanch to take steps to drain out the water,\" the principal said.Five rooms in the old building of the school, library, store room and the playground are under three-foot water. Students have tried to build a pavement from the gate to the classrooms but that too is not helping as a major parts of the building is under water.Village sarpanch Jagmaal Singh said he had sought pump sets from the administration to drain out the water. \"The Beri SDM has promised to provide us a pump in a day or two and I hope we would be able to flush out the water soon\".He said the rainwater had flooded the area as neighbouring villagers have changed the course of water flow to save their farmlands from flooding. \"Owners of agriculture land adjoining the school are not allowing the water to drain into their fields,\" he added.A primary health centre in an adjoining building has been shifted to another building due to waterlogging problem. Dr Sombir Singh at the PHC admitted that the stagnant water was posing a health hazard. \"So far, the situation is under control but diseases like malaria could break out if the water is not drained out soon,\" he said.Jhajjar deputy commissioner Ajit Balaji Joshi said he would direct the officials concerned to take immediate steps to drain out the floodwater.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "16498998", "title": "In Manimala, outrage is no \u2018small\u2019 thing", "text": "KOTTAYAM: In Kerala, the heartland of hartals, here's a protest that highlights how ridiculous the whole agit-prop business has become.Manimala, some 40 km from here, observed a three-hour hartal on Friday afternoon to protest against the district administration's decision to shut the lone Beverages Corporation (Bevco) outlet here.While activists of the Madhya Virudha Samithy raised a toast, the move offered little cheer for hundreds of local people who were totally dependent on it. That they have to drag their thirsty selves to the nearest watering hole at Kanjirappally, 12 km from Manimala, adds to their plight.But the hartal call was not thrown up by them alone. For, they had the whole-hearted support of local auto and taxi operators who lost the huge business of ferrying inebriated souls to their respective homes. Even local merchants expressed solidarity by downing shutters.But taxi drivers like Liju hailed the decision as \"the shop had become a nuisance with haphazard parking in front of it affecting traffic and pedestrian movements''.\"Neighbourhood bunk shops had made special provisions for a quick gulp and snacks. With this the area became notorious for drunken misbehaviour and allied menaces,'' he said. The Samithy activists staged many protests resulting in a meeting at the Manimala Police Station. Following this, on September 15 district collector Mini Antony directed the Bevco managing director to shut shop immediately. The outlet has remained closed since the next day.But Bevco's efforts to find a suitable place nearby also failed after the Madhya Virudha Samithy began agitation in all the five places that the corporation had shortlisted. Samithy president Suresh Mylattupara said alcoholism had become a social problem with \"this lone outlet doing business worth Rs 6-lakh a day. We didn't want more people to be addicts''.But those who want a drink will go anywhere to buy a bottle. We will only lose more money, said A K Babu of Anakkallu, a regular at the outlet. Perhaps, this underlines why Mar Thoma Metropolitan Philipose Mar Chrysostom said: \"If people want it, that outlet should be opened.'' He blames it on the drinking habits of Malayalis. \"Very few know how to hold a drink. They will empty a bottle in five minutes. But if people can't live without alcohol, the shop should be re-opened,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16500722", "title": "Hrithik Roshan in Knight and Day's hindi remake", "text": "In 2008, Aamir Khan with Ghajini had revived Hindi cinema industry's 'action hero' - slicker, fitter and sexier than those in the 1990s. And Salman Khan had taken it forward with Wanted.Ever since, A-list actors, who had resorted to drama or comedy to touch the 100-crore-mark, turned back to action. And Hrithik Roshan isn't one to be left out. After Guzaarish and Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara , Hrithik flexed some serious muscle in Agneepath. To follow it up, he decided to then play superhero Krrish. And now, TOI has found out, the actor is in no mood to deviate from his 'action' formula. Jr Roshan has signed up to play Tom Cruise's character in the desi remake of 2010 hit Knight and Day.According to a source close to the project to be produced by Fox Star Studios, Hrithik will start shooting for the Siddharth Anand directorial film right after he wraps up Krrish 3. \"The film is scheduled to go on floors early next year,\" said the source.Incidentally, it is Anand's first film since A njaana Anjaani, two years back. And the leading lady hasn't been finalised yet. \"A call will be taken soon on who will play the leading lady. It is a tough choice to make since the actress will have to match Cameron Diaz's onscreen charisma,\" added the source. Since this will be the official Hindi remake of the James Mangold romantic-action-comedy, the film will be shot on a large scale at various locations across the globe. After all, it is a film about a spy on-the-run.Text messages to both Anand and Hrithik yielded no answer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497061", "title": "CBI seeks time till Nupur\u2019s bail date to find 4 witnesses", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI has sought time till September 25 to find four witnesses in the Aarushi-Hemraj murder case. Maid Bimla Sarkar, security guards Chander Bhushan and Sanjay Kumar , and independent witness Sanjay Thakur are untraceable, though summons have been sent to them several times, the agency told the special court on Friday.According to a Supreme Court order, Nupur Talwar, Aarushi's mother and an accused in the case, will be released from the Dasna jail on September 25. CBI officials said these witnesses would shed light on different aspects, including the terrace door and golf clubs. CBI claimed to have checked at their addresses but could not find them.Sarkar, who used to cook at the Talwars' residence during the double murder, had said in her statement that she never saw the terrace door locked before. \"She had claimed whenever she was free after preparing the meals, she used to go and sit at the terrace, and the door always remained open. It was closed on that day (May 16, 2008) only,\" said a CBI officer.With Bhushan's testimony, CBI is trying to prove that while he was on duty on the night of May 15/16, 2008, he did not see any outsider. Kumar was also on duty in the colony that day. CBI officials say Thakur witnessed Dr Rajesh Talwar, Aarushi's father and the other accused in the case, handing over the golf clubs to CBI. The agency is expected to produce a telecom company official, who would testify about the internet router.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497643", "title": "Metal detectors likely at green channel exits", "text": "MUMBAI: Passing through a metal detector may soon become mandatory even for arriving passengers at Mumbai airport.To clamp down on gold smuggling, customs has sought sanction for specially designed metal detectors for the international terminal's six green channel exits. Currently, interception of arriving passengers by customs is based on intelligence inputs or suspicion.If sanction is given, the move is likely to be replicated in the country's other international airports as well. Customs has also asked for hand friskers.\"The idea is to detect the presence of metal in a big quantity, particularly gold. There has been a surge in gold smuggling, as the detection of cases shows. At present, detection occurs because of good vigilance or intelligence inputs. We want it to be a foolproof system so that smuggling of gold can be brought down,\" a senior customs official said. \"Metal detectors would not inconvenience passengers. At the same time, they will raise an alarm if people with heavy quantities of gold passes through them. Such a passenger can be taken aside for frisking.\"Customs officials said gold is the most smuggled item and is usually sourced from the Middle East. At present, it is impossible to check every passenger passing though the green channel. Almost 15,000 passengers arrive at the international terminal everyday; while their luggage is scanned, those hiding gold or other valuable metals under their clothes can go unnoticed.But though customs' request for metal detectors is a welcome move, as confirmed by airport customs commissioner P M Saleem, some officials warned that it would need supervision by a senior officer to avoid passenger harassment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16501321", "title": "Musical night in the city", "text": "It was a perfect treat for the audience as noted singers, Bijay Mishra, Mitali Chinara, Rashmi Mohapatra, Sibani Dash and Jhumki Rath got together to entertain the audience with their performances.Their happiness knew no bounds when danseuse Sonali Sardesai took to stage. The programme, organized by Sworabitan at Jaydev Bhawan, also witnessed the presence of eminent singers from the entertainment industry like Ira Mohanty and Sailabhama. \"I have witnessed many cultural events in the city but this one was good in a sense that it comprised both classical and popular music, performed and presented in a brilliant manner,\" said Ipsita Mohapatra from the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16501636", "title": "Panki residents raise a stink against civic apathy", "text": "Kanpur: The residents of Panki C Block took to the streets on Thursday in protest against the authorities' apathy towards their civic woes.The locals, who were demonstrating under the banner of Panki House Owners Association, complained about the improper drainage system in the area which caused sewage water to inundate the roads, giving a tough time to commuters and creating health hazards. They said the worst affected were schoolchildren who had to wade through the stagnating sewer water on a daily basis.The angry locals apprehended that the devotees coming to the famous Panki temple for Budhwa Mangal next week would have to deal with the same situation. \"The deaf civic authorities should resolve these problems as soon as possible,\" said Pushpendra Jaiswal, President of Panki House Owners Association while talking to TOI. Jaiswal said people from the area would launch a civil disobedience movement of sorts by not submitting their water and house tax from this month if their issues are not attended to.A large number of women from the area also took part in the protest and stood in the stagnated sewer water to launch as a mark of protest. They also raised slogans against the administration and pledged intensification of the protest if their demands are not met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497788", "title": "Petition in Supreme Court seeks fresh green assessment for Kudankulam N-plant", "text": "NEW DELHI: A petition field in the Supreme Court on Friday sought fresh environment impact assessment of Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KNPP) on the ground that the configuration and design of the plant had undergone several changes since 1989 when the earlier environment assessment was conducted.The petition filed by G Sundarrajan, who has also requested the apex court to direct the Centre to implement 17 safety recommendations given by Atomic Energy Regulatory Body (AERB), said the Madras High Court had erred in holding that a clearance from the ministry of environment and forests in 1989 would still be valid even though construction of the plant was started only in 2002.\"Did the high court err in holding that MoEF can revalidate the environmental clearance of 1989 on September 6, 2001 even without considering fresh environment impact assessment (EIA) regarding KNPP by a competent impact assessment agency or committee of experts constituted under the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986 and in the absence of any specific legal provision enabling the ministry to revalidate its clearance,\" the petitioner asked.He said the HC also erred by not considering the necessity of fresh EIA in view of the reported change in temperature of water discharged from KNPP from 5 degree Celsius to 7 degree Celsius, which would pose grave danger to marine life. The petition is likely to be listed for hearing on September 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16496905", "title": "South corporation plans trade licence reforms", "text": "NEW DELHI: To counter Sheila Dikshit's move to welcome FDI in retail, the BJP-led South corporation is wooing all city traders to get the trade licence by reforming the process.The South corporation has simplified the licensing process and will even give 10% rebate to those who renew the licence for three years. The trade licence fee ranges from Rs 1,200-15,000 per annum. \"The licence process is tedious. If somebody starts using the basement beneath his shop for commercial purposes without encroaching on public land and violating building bylaws, a separate licence can be issued for the basement space as well. This was earlier not a part of the trade licence scheme. It will help several traders and even the corporation will get money,\" said South corporation Mayor Savita Gupta. The corporation is also planning to simplify the online application process and reduce the backlog, Gupta added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16497368", "title": "Sakala could just be the answer to counter corruption", "text": "Sakala  \u00a0  could just be the answer to counter corruption. Service with a deadline ensures there are no underhand deals, gives power to the citizen, keeps officials on their toes, and throws the touts out.  \u00a0  Sakala  \u00a0  is a resounding success, and the Centre is recommending it as a model law. That  \u00a0  Karnataka  \u00a0  is including more services in this charter is commendable. In the absence of the Lokayukta, the RTI Act and  \u00a0  Sakala  \u00a0  could be the citizens' saviours.Related story  :  'Sakala has stamped out corruption by 50%  '", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497090", "title": "Mother of two jumps to death from Mumbai highrise", "text": "MUMBAI: A mother of two plunged to her death from a 14-storey building in Borivli (West) on Thursday night after leaving her children with her husband. No suicide note was found and the police are still trying to ascertain the motive.Anita Jain stayed with her husband Hitendra, their two children and Hitendra's parents at Blue Bell Tower, Eksar. The 30-year-old was a homemaker while Hitendra runs the family-owned Prakash Hardware store in Borivli (West). They were married for eight years; their elder child is six years old and the younger two.\"Around 8.30pm on Thursday, Anita had dinner with her husband and kids. Her in-laws had gone to a Jain temple close by. After a while, she gave the kids to the husband to look after them and stepped out of their third-floor flat. She then went to the terrace and jumped off,\" said Bhagwan Chate, senior inspector of Borivli police station.According to neighbours, Anita's body landed close to a Ganpati pandal set up in the society compound. The evening aarti was on. \"She did not seem to have any external injuries. We called up her in-laws and told them that she had slipped while walking with the kids. We could not muster the courage to tell them the truth on phone,\" said a neighbour. Anita's family took her to hospital, where she was declared dead.Friends and family said Anita was happy and had showed no sign that she was contemplating suicide. Anita's father told investigators she had never complained of marital discord. \"We have spoken to her family at length but are still clueless about the motive,\" said Chate.\"Anita last spoke to her father and sister on phone around 7pm on Thursday. They said she did not sound upset. Her father had booked tickets to Rajasthan for himself, his wife and Anita's family. They were to leave on Sunday. Anita had told her father that she would shop for the trip on Friday and was excited,\" a cop said. \"The motive remains a mystery as Anita's father said he had no complaints against her husband or in-laws.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16473661", "title": "Kaun Banega Crorepati welcomes lord Ganesha!", "text": "Kaun Banega Crorepati (KBC) 6 on Sony Entertainment Television is hit with audiences and the makers of the show ensure that KBC remains entertaining and heart warming.KBC 's first crorepati, Manoj Kumar Raina touched the hearts of viewers with his humble dream- to build a house in his native Kashmir. After that, there have been many interesting contestants who have been thrilled to meet the charismatic Big B.Recently, Sridevi too sat on the hot seat to promote her film English Vinglish (the episode is yet to be aired). This time around, superstar Amitabh Bachchan will welcome the god of prosperity-Ganesha, with a dazzling Ganpati Aarti in tomorrow's episode of KBC (21 st September 2012). Performing the arti barefoot, the environment on the sets resonated with divinity.KBC pays a tribute to the ongoing Ganesh Chaturthi festival in Maharashtra which is the most awaited occasion for Mumbaikars!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16499245", "title": "Stop infra mishaps", "text": "The frequency of these \"accidents\" indicates our infrastructure agencies have learnt few lessons from the recent past. Most of these incidents are avoidable; a little more caution in handling equipment and a little more concern for maintenance could have prevented many of them. It's just our good fortune that the latest incident did not result in any casualty. Both government agencies and private contractors must take maintenance and safety issues more seriously.Related story : 'Lack of safety norms causing infra mishaps'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16499639", "title": "Walkers, breathe easy", "text": "KOCHI: Come October 1, that damn blast of a horn nor that novice behind the wheel won't scare the daylights out of you as you jog or walk around the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium , Kaloor.With a view to helping all fitness freaks breathe easy, the Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) has decided to ban vehicular traffic on the stadium round between 5am and 8am from October 1.The move to ban traffic in wee hours stems from the menace caused by vehicles to Kochiites who use this stretch for their morning work-out . Over the past few years, the area has become the favourite exercise spot for the city, with citizens jogging, walking and even cycling here. People have formed walker clubs too that have 1,000-1 ,500 members.Announcing the move, GCDA chairman N Venugopal said the decision was taken after evaluating complaints from the public. As there are very few open spaces available in the city, residents use the road for early morning or late night walks.\"Of late, large trucks and tankers are using this road and many driving schools use the location as their training ground. These activities cause inconvenience to people, who depend on stadium premises, for regular workouts. I personally talked to them and realized the need for such a move,\" said Venugopal.The chairman further said the road was not built with the intention to facilitate movement of heavy vehicles. It serves as an entry and exit path from the stadium . With Kochi Metro Rail Limited restricting traffic flow along North railway overbridge (ROB), the Stadium Road became an alternative route linking Kaloor-Palarivattom Road and MG Road.As traffic regulation on North ROB is effective between 8am and 8.30pm, GCDA states the ban will not create traffic blocks in the city. While twowheelers and three-wheelers are directed to use other routes, four wheelers take the Stadium Road to avoid traffic chaos.The stadium round connects Kaloor-Palarivattom Road with Thammanam -Karanakkodam Junction, while linking Azad Road and South Janatha Road. Venugopal said GCDA is planning to replicate the system put into place at Kanakakkunnu Palace and M u s e u m G ro u n d i n Thiruvananthapuram, where vehicular traffic is totally prohibited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "16497001", "title": "Fake I-T officers rob Hyderabad house", "text": "NIZAMABAD: Burglars struck at the house of an automobile shop owner by posing as income tax officers in Sainagar area in Nizamabad in the early hours of Friday and took away 20 tolas of gold, 1 kg silver ornaments and Rs 1.10 lakh in cash.Claiming that they were I-T sleuths, six members of the gang entered Praveen's house around 3am. They threatened the couple and demanded that they part with the gold and other jewellery. Based on a complaint, police registered a case and launched a manhunt for the burglars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16498902", "title": "Kankaria hall booking rate zooms from Rs 6k to Rs 25k", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There are only a few options for the poor and the middle-income groups when it comes to hiring community halls for social functions like marriage and community prayer meeting in the city. Among them was the picnic hall at Kankaria lake which, till now, was available along with an open plot for Rs 6,000. On Friday, the standing committee of the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) raised the fee to Rs 25,000 for hiring both - the hall and the plot.\"The new rate for the hall is Rs 10,000 as it is air-conditioned. If the family wants to hire both the hall and the plot, the new rate will be Rs 20,000. The rule also wants a Rs 25,000 deposit,\" says standing committee chairman Bhupendra Patel.\"If we start charging fee for the air-conditioners separately, the cost will be higher. In this package, the poor and the middle-income groups can enjoy the good air-conditioned hall during summers,\" he added.However, the opposition Congress has claimed that the new rates are anti-poor, \"How many chawls in the city have air-conditioners that they would want an air-conditioned setting during receptions and marriages. Families should have a choice for an air-conditioned hall. Let the basic rate prevail. With Rs 12,000 saving, the poor family can buy more food to feed the guests,\" said opposition leader Badruddin Sheikh. The opposition on Friday had gate crashed into standing committee chairman's office to protest against the steep hike in the picnic hall rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16499472", "title": "Papiya murder accused arrested in Ludhiana", "text": "PATNA: Patna police on Tuesday finally arrested Sanyog Rai, the last accused in Prof Papiya Ghosh murder case on the run, from Ludhiana district in Punjab.Patna SSP Amrit Raj said Prof Ghosh and her domestic help Malti Devi were murdered on the night of December 3, 2006, during a dacoity at her residence in Patliputra Colony. The SSP said, \"Earlier, police had arrested six other accused and the last accused, Rai was absconding. He had changed his name to Sunny and was staying at a hideout in Ludhiana.\"The assailants had stabbed to death the 53-year-old Patna University history teacher and her 70-year-old maid Malti Devi for resisting their robbery attempt, and decamped with her valuable items.Sanyog Rai has since been brought here. He was presented before a local court on Friday, which remanded him to 14-day judicial custody and forwarded to Beur central jail.This success for Patna police came almost a month after the sixth accused, Mohd Mustakim, was arrested on August 16 from Seraikela district in Jharkhand.Trial of five accused in the case was completed sometime back and they were given varying sentences. One of the five accused, advocate Ramchandra Mahto has been pronounced guilty under Section 414 (assisting in concealment of stolen property) of the IPC. A washing machine looted from Papiya's house was recovered from Mahto's house. The other four - Anil Oraon (a daily wage worker), Manohar Kumar Thakur (a former rolling mill worker), Shanker Sah (a part-time driver with a local schoolteacher) and Ashish Kumar Rai (a jobless youth from Chhapra) - were pronounced guilty for robbery with murder.The police had produced 30 witnesses in the court of fast-track judge Omprakash. Shankar Sah, the driver of a schoolteacher, according to police, was the main conspirator who got together others for the crime. In fact, it was he who had inflicted fatal stab injuries on Papiya and Malti. The SSP said Sah had confessed having killed Papiya and Malti Devi. \"In fact, the maid had handed over a kitchen knife to the professor to take on us. Then we killed her,\" Shankar had told the interrogators.The murder had sent shock waves across the state. After initial delay in cracking the case, the police had recovered most of the looted articles, including a Maruti car which was recovered from a dilapidated garage, a TV set and a computer from different places in Patna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16502980", "title": "Raj Bhavan orders inquiry into NP University affairs", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Governor Syed Ahmed has ordered a judicial probe into the alleged irregularities in the affairs of Nilamber Pitamber University. The probe is to be conducted by the Palamu civil courts' principal district and sessions judge V K Sahay.Raj Bhawan has taken this step in the wake of the recent developments where the vice chancellor, Firoz Ahmad and the pro vice chancellor, Ramesh K Pandey of the university have been said to be at loggerheads with each other.Confirming the judicial probe, principal secretary to the governor-cum-chancellor of universities, Aditya Swaroop told TOI, \"Notification for this judicial probe has already been issued and Palamu civil courts' principal district and sessions judge has been asked to conduct the probe and submit the findings at the earliest.\"Swaroop said that the probe was ordered on the basis of a complaint received by the Raj Bhavan. He did not elaborate on it.He, however, conceded that there are reports of conflicts between the VC and pro VC.The university, barely three and a half years old, has suffered major setbacks because of the prevalent work culture where one views the other with suspicion, said sources.University officials said that important files will be investigated into. \"The attendance register of the VC, pro VC, registrar and DSW, etc show that they remained absent from the university for the maximum number of days,\" revealed a source.Matters came to a head at the recently held 19th syndicate meeting of the university which was adjourned midway. When contacted, Ahmad declined to comment on the judicial probe. Pandey is on medical leave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16500403", "title": "New VC for Bharathiar University", "text": "COIMBATORE: G James Pitchai, assumed charge as the new Vice-Chancellor of Bharathiar University on Friday evening. University officials including the senate and syndicate members as well as other university staff welcomed him. Though the joining orders were issued a few days ago, Pitchai was waiting to receive an audience with Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa . University officials said that he met her on Friday morning and then boarded a flight to the city to take charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16497728", "title": "Citizens bank on Sakala to tackle BBMP, BWSSB", "text": "BANGALORE: From filling potholes to getting your khata certificates, it's all about getting things within a timeframe. And Bangaloreans are only asking for more.Bangalore Urban accounts for 19.76% of the total Sakala services, with most inquiries going to the urban (BWSSB/ BBMP) and revenue departments. Interestingly, corruption in government departments covered under Sakala has declined. \"That's because the citizen knows the job will get done. So why pay a bribe? I would say there is a 30-40% decrease in corruption, which is a great sign,'' says Shalini Rajneesh, mission director (Sakala) and secretary, department of administrative reforms.If figures are any indication, then residents of Bangalore Urban seem to have more problems. The total applications received in Bangalore Urban is 21.51 lakh, as against 1.69 lakh in Bangalore Rural.\"I was apprehensive about the number of applications that began to pour in. We've crossed the 1-crore mark. But when we look back, it's a win-win situation both for the government and the citizen,'' says Shalini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16499606", "title": "E-frauds : Precaution is key to prevention", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala-based banks have warned their customers to be vigilant against possible phishing attacks, in which a user unwittingly reveals personal information , including passwords. \"Our bank never sends email and embedded links asking you to provide personal details such as your account number, debit card number, ATM PIN or online banking passwords. If you receive such emails, never respond to them,\" warns K P Sunny, deputy general manager and chief information officer with the Aluva-based private lender Federal Bank .\"While you are logging into FedNet, always check the URL address given in the address bar. The URL address on the address bar of your internet browser begins with \"https\" ; the letter 's' at the end of \"https\" means 'secured' . Also try to type in the URL address on the address bar of the browser, rather than using the links on the emails you get,\" Sunny said.Customers should also take care to secure their home computers . \"Always ensure that your antivirus software is up-to-date . Also, ensure that your firewall is turned on,\" Sunny said. Victims of net frauds should immediately contact the bank to deactivate the internet service, said A Sony , assistant general manager with the Thrissurbased South Indian Bank .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16499167", "title": "Bruhanmumbai Municipal Corporation to cough up Rs 15cr carbon credits", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC-appointed consultant's overestimation of generation of carbon credits during the Gorai dumping ground's closure project has not just caused the civic body embarrassment but also translated into a Rs 15 crore loss. The BMC had got Rs 24.5 crore from the Asian Development Bank (ADB) in exchange for the estimated generation of 4.3 lakh emission reduction units over five years, starting 2009. One emission reduction unit, or a carbon credit, equals one tonne of carbon dioxide reduced. There are two kinds of emission unitscertified and verified emi ssion reductions (CERs and VERs; see 'Trade in Pollution' ).Of the total 4.3 lakh un its, till June 2012, the project was to generate 2.7 la kh units. However, just a fraction\u201414 ,477 units\u2014was actually generated.The ADB, in a formal communication , therefore asked the BMC to either pay back the entire amount or bridge the gap between the estimated and actual units generated by buying 4.3 lakh emission reduction units from the open market\u2014which is expected to cost approximately Rs 15 crore. The BMC has decided to opt for the latter; a proposal for purchasing the units will be tabled at a civic standing committee meet next week. The remaining Rs 9 crore would be adjusted till 2014.The consultant, IL&FS;, was appointed in 2008 to study the amount of carbon credits the Gorai dumping ground's closure would generate. It had estimated 12.3 lakh emission reduction units over 10 years and 4.3 lakh over five years. Based on this report, the civic body entered into an emission-purchase agreement with the ADB and, in 2009, pre-sold the units for five years, for Rs 24.5 crore. The consultant was paid a fee of Rs 1.2 crore in 2009. Going by the estimate, the BMC was to get Rs 72 crore for ten years.The BMC has now issued a showcause notice to the consultant asking for the reasons why its estimate was way off the mark. \"We have asked the consultant to return the fee. We have also asked it to conduct all the formalities for purchasing CERs from the open market, to be returned to ADB, free of cost,\" said Mohan Adtani, additional municipal commissioner.The scientific closure of the Gorai dump started in 2007, following a Supreme Court order on a petition filed by the locals against the BMC. The closure was completed in 2009.The failure has also toppled BMC's plan to set up a 2-megawatt energy plant from gas generated from the project.The draft letter submitted to the standing committee mentions the consultant did not take into account debris and plastic waste, which on being processed, does not generate gas. Also, it did not take into account 10.03 lakh metric tonne of waste at the site before the closure began. Of this, only 2.34 lakh tonne was available . It adds that due to the city's climate waste is decomposed easily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16497741", "title": "118 more services linked to Sakala", "text": "BANGALORE: Widening the scope of Sakala, the citizen services charter, the cabinet on Friday approved the addition of 118 more services under 14 departments under the scheme, with effect from October 1.The government had brought 151 services from 11 departments under the charter. With this addition, the total number of services under Sakala scales up to 265.Law minister S Suresh Kumar told reporters that following a lack of seekers, four services in the home and women and child department had been withdrawn from Sakala. \"Filing of online applications will be mandatory under Sakala from March 31, 2013,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16498710", "title": "Cycle rally celebrates international day of peace", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To mark World Peace Day, SD College students' union and peace club along with volunteers of Yuvsatta, organized a \"Go Green\" bicycle rally to spread the message of living in harmony with nature.The event also aimed at announcing 7th International Youth Peace Fest (IYPF 2012), which is set to be organized in Tricity from World Tourism Day on September 27 to October 2, the International Day of Nonviolence.Anirudh Joshi, general secretary, GGDSD College managing body said, \"Such programmes act as a catalyst for young people to get involved in their community and make a difference.\" Santosh Kumar, director, department of environment, science and technology and conservator of forests was the chief guest on the occasion.The star attraction of the day remained the IYPF peace ambassador Bernie Meyer - an American who dresses and talks like Mahatma Gandhi and gallantry award winner Sunil Sharma dressed up as Ravana. Both pedalled from SD College to Saupin's School and back.In IYPF 2012 over 500 young people from 40 countries of the world will participate, which includes a 32 member strong delegation from China, young councilors from Sri Lanka , cultural artists from Congo and Egypt , belle dancers from Spain, peace activists from Pakistan who were denied visa two times in the past and many other young change makers from Nepal, Bangladesh, Maldives, Sudan, Afghanistan, Bhutan, S Africa , US, Germany, Malaysia, Thailand, Mauritius, Azerbaijan, Indonesia, Philippines, Lithuania, among others.Guriqbal Singh Dhillon, president of SD Students Union shared that during IYPF 2012, besides exchange of ideas and interaction they will be focusing on four major themes like climate change, respect of others, combating inequalities and HIV/AIDS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "16498691", "title": "Uttarakhand CM's son files papers to contest Tehri Lok Sabha bypoll", "text": "DEHRADUN: Uttarakhand chief minister Vijay Bahuguna's 38-year-old son, Saket Bahuguna, on Friday filed his nomination papers for the Tehri Lok Sabha bypoll to be held on October 10. Vijay Bahuguna had vacated the seat to take over as the state's CM earlier this yearThe CM, members of his cabinet, state Congress chief Yashpal Arya and Union minister of state for parliamentary affairs Harish Rawat were present when Saket filed his nomination papers.Later, a public meeting was organized to start Saket's campaigning. CM Bahuguna and Rawat urged the voters to ensure Saket's victory by a huge margin.Earlier, BJP candidate Malarajya Laxmi Shah (62) had filed her nomination papers on Tuesday for the bypoll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497891", "title": "Mulayam Singh ends suspense, to stand by UPA", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav confirmed on Friday that he would continue giving support to UPA to block \"communal forces\" from taking advantage of the political flux, quelling suspense over the party's relationship with UPA after Trinamool's exit.The pledging of 22 Samajwadi MPs offsets the loss of 19 Trinamool members after the Bengal outfit withdrew support to the government on Friday and brought down UPA's tally from the majority mark of 273 to 254.Significantly, SP's announcement came a day after the Centre operationalised the decision to allow foreign investment in multi-brand retail, confirming that Mulayam's collaboration with Congress will be shaped by realpolitik and will continue until the Yadav chieftain finds a profitable alternative.As Trinamool MPs withdrew support to UPA, Mulayam rebuffed speculation that SP could follow suit. \"Why will we take the support back? We have to keep communal forces away from power. But we are not in the UPA,\" he said.The announcement put a seal on what had been expected since Wednesday when senior party leader Ramgopal Yadav invoked the fear of \"communal\" Narendra Modi taking over as prime minister to signal that SP could jettison its reservations on FDI in retail and other reform measures for the sake of \"secularism\".The turn of events settled the dust on the drama kicked off by Centre's clutch of \"anti-people\" decisions but it proved a mixed bag for the Samajwadi family on which all eyes were trained.The UP outfit's reiteration of support for the UPA came after the Yadav chieftain secured an open offer from the Left to lead the future 'Third Front'. While hailing SP as the largest party after Congress and BJP , the Left also ended questions about Mulayam's acceptability because of a series of about-turns in favour of Congress.It may seem a happy ending for Samajwadis, snug with across-the-board options for 2014, but the party would have preferred early polls to tap the favourable mood in Uttar Pradesh.Over the last three days since the TMC decided to quit UPA, the SP surveyed hard the political landscape. The focus was on restive UPA allies like DMK since the 21-MP BSP said it would only spell out its stance at a party rally on October 9.Much as it would have preferred early polls, SP could not move first to pull the rug. Mulayam has been clear that he would only snap ties with Congress if it would ensure collapse of the government. Else, a hostile Centre appeared too much of a risk for a fledgling son-led government in Lucknow and the realization that he may again have to do business with Congress after 2014.The party, however, is satisfied that the crisis opened its options across the political board.To be hailed as the strongest party of non-BJP, non-Congress bloc by the Left seems to have finally buried the strain of Indo-US nuclear deal. The about-turn in favour of nuke deal turned the 'third front' relations upside down, with Left throwing its lot with Mulayam's arch rival Mayawati and even agreeing to her leadership. That relationship did not last long though.The Samajwadi camp is keeping its post-poll options open despite the renewed talk of 'third front'. Ramgopal Yadav underlined that Mulayam had said at the party's Kolkata national executive that no political front would be formed before the elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16502261", "title": "Huma did bold photoshoot to shed her 'GOW' image", "text": "Actor Huma Qureshi says she is thrilled with her latest racy avatar on the cover of a fashion mag, where she is photographed sporting a sequinned black jacket.The Delhi-girl reveals it was a spontaneous decision that led her to take this risk. \"I met a photographer who is also a friend of mine and he did a shoot and used them for the cover. The idea was to take a risk and do something radically different from Mohsina of Gangs of Wasseypur ,\" says Huma, who is showing off her ample cleavage in the cover.The actor, who will next be seen alongside Kunal Kapoor in Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana and Vishal Bhardwaj's Ek Thi Daayan says she received a great feedback from her friends. But what about her parents? \"My parents were a little taken aback initially but they have been very supportive of my career. But they liked the cover, saying it was classy\".The feisty girl, who has already signed her fourth film, Nikhil Advani's action adventure D Day reveals she is getting in shape for the role and may even do her own stunts.Listen to Gangs Of Wasseypur songs on Gaana.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497958", "title": "Smoking in films: I&B;, health ministries on same page", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ending a year-long row over depiction of smoking scenes in films, the ministries of information and broadcasting and health have reached a compromise with health disclaimers to be run before and during a film.In a statement, the I&B; ministry said anti-tobacco health spots of minimum 30 seconds shall be shown at the beginning and middle of films which have scenes displaying tobacco products or their use. An audio-visual disclaimer of minimum 20-second duration on the ill-effects of tobacco use shall also be displayed at the beginning and middle of these films.\"Ministry of health and family welfare has agreed to bear all the costs relating to production of such health spots and disclaimers,\" the I&B; statement said.The spots and disclaimers prepared by the health ministry will be provided to the Central Board of Film Certification. Films showing use of tobacco products shall also be required to display an anti-tobacco health warning in the form of a static message during the period of display of the tobacco products or their use in the films.The health ministry has also agreed to drop the clause that necessitated 'UA' certification for films showing tobacco products or their use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16500749", "title": "I miss the camera when I am out of range: Manisha Koirala", "text": "There is no room for regrets in Manisha Koirala's life. Having put her failed marriage behind her, the actress has decided to give up her gypsylike existence and make Mumbai her home from now on. What's more, she seems to be gearing up for a second innings at the movies.Says Manisha, \"I was travelling incessantly. I'd spend six months in the US, two months in Paris and then a few months in Nepal . Then I was talking about buying a home in Paris... crazy dreams... All this confused the film industry. I was only trying to figure out what I wanted to do with my life. Now I know I was born to be part of cinema. Movies will always be a pivotal part of my life. Other actresses take a break and are happy not doing movies. Not me. I miss the camera when I am out of range. Being on the sets is to me my life and soul.\"The actress is resuming work in her production house MK Moving Images. \"I want the entire infrastructure-distributors, financiers, etc. - in place. I have the correct support. But before I start a film, I want to become more confident about my abilities as a producer.\"And while Manisha has never been more serious about her career, by her own admission, her life has taken a \"mellow, relaxed and reflective\" turn for good. \"I am completely into health and meditation. I've slackened my pace of work and am no longer running around. I am in Mumbai now, and signing selected films. I've completed Bhoot Return s with RGV and we're discussing another project. After a failed attempt at direction, I am again planning to direct a film. I am nervous actually. That apart, I am spending as much time as possible with my family. I am up at 5am every day for my Tai Chi classes. My teacher arrives by 6 pm. I've stopped partying. I'd rather be at home with my par ents. I am having a different kind of fun now,\" she says.Apart from Bhoot 2 , she's completed a Malayalam film directed by Lenin . \"I am taking a lot of interest in my work again. Earlier everyone presumed I had lost interest in my career. That was not true,\" she says. Stonewalling all attempts at digging deeper into her marriage, Manisha says, \"I now realise some people are meant for marriage, others are not. I am not. At the moment, we're separated. Both of us are good people. I hold no grudges against him. I don't want to hurt his family or mine by saying anything.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16498688", "title": "On your marks! Sports a must in school", "text": "KOLKATA: The school education department has decided to make sports an integral part of the school syllabus from Classes I to X.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee , who rarely misses her daily walk on the treadmill, wants Bengal's Gen-Next to be fit. She wanted Bratachari \u2014 a form of freehand exercises \u2014 in the curriculum. Sports minister Madan Mitra went a step further and urged the education department to make fitness a part of the evaluation system in schools.The syllabus reforms committee, chaired by Aveek Mazumdar, has proposed to provide children play time every day to keep them physically fit and to make school more fun.\"We have not specified any duration for games period. The teachers can decide how much time to give to outdoor and indoor games along with Bratachari,\" said Mazumdar.\"We have published a guidebook for what games will be taught in Classes I, III and V. Children will be evaluated on these activities. Including sports as a compulsory subject will help children to keep fit as well promote playing,\" Majumdar added.Games have been suggested for children with special care. For example, a child with hearing impairment can take part in the game of handkerchief-running, Majumdar said.Bratachari will be clubbed in the same session. Almost all schools affiliated to the West Bengal Board of Secondary Education have playgrounds. Those that don't, can turn a large classroom into a playing field. No school can ignore the order because students will be evaluated on their performance, Mazumdar pointed out.Among the games sugegsted by the committee are frog-jump and hopping in the primary classes and yoga, football and chess higher upThe committee hopes to make changes in the exam system that will reduce stress among students and cut down the dependence on private tuition. A proposal is lying with the education department to bring back surprise tests. \"Students will be evaluated without feeling that they are being tested. This will ease the pressure on them,\" said Mazumdar. Surprise tests will also stop the students from the habit of taking leave from school on the pretext of preparing for examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16498923", "title": "Tulsiram case jurisdiction row: Cops move high court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Four cops who are accused in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case have moved Gujarat high court (HC) against Danta magisterial court's decision that it has jurisdiction over the CBI's chargesheet.Former director general of police (DGP) P C Pande, additional DGP Geetha Johri, investigator DSP R K Patel and suspended SP Rajkumar Pandian have filed petitions against judicial magistrate Geeta Ahir's order that was passed earlier this week. These petitions will be taken up for hearing by Justice R H Shukla on Monday. Danta court has decided the issue of jurisdiction, which was challenged by the accused cops, and concluded that it is competent to take cognizance of the chargesheet filed by the central investigation agency. The lower court accepted CBI's contention that since the offence had taken place in Danta court's jurisdiction and earlier probe agency CID (crime) too had filed two reports with the same court, Danta court is authorized to act upon the probe report.The defence counsel argued that the HC notification has designated two magisterial courts and four sessions courts in Ahmedabad to take cognizance of cases registered and investigated by the CBI. However, the CBI rebutted the argument by saying that HC notification has designated the Ahmedabad CBI courts for anti-corruption cases only. Danta court did not stay its order on jurisdiction as prayed for by the accused persons. However, it has also not taken cognizance of the chargesheet yet.Moreover, four cops - Johri, Pande, Patel and O P Mathur and former minister of state for home Amit Shah have raised an issue that courts cannot take cognizance of offence against cops and public functionaries without mandatory sanction obtained by the prosecuting agency from the state government under section 197 of the CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16498713", "title": "6 duped of Rs 6 lakh 3 years ago, conman still at large", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It's been three years, since he duped six of them of Rs 6 lakh for giving them appointment letters for PGI \"signed\" by personal secretary of Union health minister, but the victims are still struggling to get their money back. On Friday, three of them finally approached Chandigarh police.Earlier, on July 2011 the accused, Sita Ram of Sector 15, was arrested on the complaint of Pushpa Rani of Mohali for cheating her of Rs 1.50 lakh on the pretext of providing job to her son in PGI. But he was released on regular bail in December 2011. Since then he has been changing his hideouts.Jasbir Singh of Ropar, who too fell in Ram's net, said, \"I come in the contact with Sita Ram through a common friend, who lives in Chandigarh, in August 2009 and at that time management of PGIMER had advertised posts of peon. Sita Ram had handed over a letter signed by one S K Mishra, personal secretary to Union health minister, recommending my name for the joining after taking Rs 1.20 lakh.\"Another victim Kulvir Singh of Sector 56 said, \"Sita Ram was too confident about my appointment. But when the list of selected persons was released, my name was not there.\"Apart from charging money from victims for getting them appointed at PGI as peon, Ram had also got a medical examination of three of his victims conducted through a private doctor in Sector 20 and charged Rs 7,000 from each of them.Meanwhile, to pacify some of his victims, Ram issued a few cheques to them, which bounced, said Balwinder Singh, who was also cheated.SHO of police station, Sector 11, Inspector Gurmukh Singh, said, \"Sita Ram was arrested in October 2011 for cheating people on the pretext of providing them jobs in PGI. He was recently released on regular bail and some complaints are still being investigated against him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16502966", "title": "007 Daniel Craig gets a round of beer in new Heineken ad", "text": "It's a moment that people thought they will never see - Daniel Craig as James Bond is seen gulping beer instead of \"shaken, not stirred\" martini in a new promotional ad for his new flick 'Skyfall.'Dutch beer company Heineken have paid 28 million pounds to be associated with the super-successful franchise, the Sun reported.The advertisement also stars new Bond Girl Berenice Marlohe.The green bottles will be featured in the forthcoming movie that is coming out next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16497931", "title": "Jaipur club polls today", "text": "JAIPUR: The annual elections at Jaipur Club - one of the heritage clubs in the city - will be held on Saturday. As the polls drew close, 'who would win the elections' was the most discussed one on Friday by contenders and the 1200 club members. The elections would not be a quiet affair this time around as two groups were campaigning hard for the various posts.Dr Bajrang Lal Choudhary, who had been the registrar with the Rajasthan Medical Council besides being the club's president twice in the past, and Gopal Gupta, the former president and current chairman of the Rajasthan Builders Association, are in the fray for the president's post.While Dr Choudhary has incumbent president S K Bohra's support, Gupta is fighting the election for the first time after long.Bohra, who was elected president four times (the maximum limit for holding the post), is supporting a panel of candidates this time. He said on Friday: \"If we are given a chance, our focus will be on improving the facilities to our members further, developing an international sports infrastructure, enhancing art and cultural activities, constructing a convention hall and a multi-level parking,\" Bohra said. Other candidates who have his support included Rajendra Parnami (for vice president), Dharmendra Khamtan (for honorary secretary) and Sanjay Pabuwal (for joint secretary post).The other contender Gopal Gupta said if he wins, he would prepare a master plan for further improving the facilities and implement them with approval from the members. Developing proper parking facility, creating an atmosphere of harmony and enhancing transparency in expenditures will be among his priorities, Gupta said. His panel of candidates include Anand Tosniwal (for honorary secretary), Anand Kasliwal (vice president) and Mukesh Tibrewal (for joint secretary). The club has a rich legacy since its inception in 1890.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "16499580", "title": "Police lathicharge protesters for trying to block trains", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Police lathicharged a large number of protesters, owing allegiance to various Muslim outfits when they attempted to enter the railway junction in Tirunelveli to block trains as part of their protest on anti-Islam film on Friday.Police said that protesters pelted stones on buses when they were prevented to enter the railway junction. As many as 10 buses were damaged in the stone-pelting, police said, adding that half-a-dozen policemen also sustained injuries in the incident. Hours after the police managed to prevent the rail blockade, another protest broke out at Melapalayam, prompting the police to lathicharge the protesters again.Police said that in the evening a large number of Muslim men who had gathered to stage a protest attempted to march into the railway station and block trains. Repeated requests from the police not to block trains went unheeded. The police managed to disperse the protesters only after a lathicharge.Road traffic was suspended in the locality as few persons from the protestors started pelting stones on the buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16499343", "title": "Cartoonist Aseem Trivedi to attend camp in Austria", "text": "KANPUR: Cartoonist Aseem Trivedi, who was arrested on charges of sedition for his anti-corruption cartoons, will participate in the 24/7 marathon camp \"Truth is Concrete\", that kicked off in Graz city of Austria on Friday.Trivedi will fly to Austria on Saturday, where he will participate in the camp, a forum which is not only open for requests, questions and discussions, but also for any recommendation of related event, websites connected with artistic strategies in politics and political strategies in art.\"The week-long marathon camp 'Truth is Concrete' would define the field of future action. It is a platform for graphic designers and artists who devote their work for social and political causes. Cartoonists facing ban, Egyptian sprayers, graphic designers from the Serbian student movement, newspaper makers from Belarus , photographers from Brazilian favelas, concept artists from Palestine, it is a series that would continue till September 28 on postcards as advertisements, on posters and on the Internet,\" he told TOI.Trivedi, 25, a native of Kanpur, was arrested under Indian Penal Section 124 (sedition), Section 66 A of Information Technology Act and Section 2 of Prevention of Insults to Nation Honour Act. He was released after the Bombay High Court granted him bail.The freelance cartoonist has been accused of putting up banners and posters mocking the Indian Constitution during a rally of anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare in the year 2011 and posting the cartoons on websites. Aseem uses his art as a political weapon mainly for the campaign \"Cartoons Against Corruption\" which he started in 2011. His popular website was shut down by the government when he supported the hunger strike of Anna Hazare with his drawings.The movement 'Save Your Voice', supported by leading activists and artists, demands the restoration of his website and to change the internet censorship laws of India.\"I strongly believe that the common man is the real hero in a democracy. Indians, who are a part of world's largest democratic setup, are still struggling to find a political mooring. We are only demanding a strong anti-graft Lokpal bill, which the present government has been denying and instead portraying anti-graft crusader Anna Hazare as anti-democratic,\" he said.\"We are debating the supremacy of Parliament, but unfortunately the common man is still being treated as a servant and not as a hero. So my latest cartoon, that will be a part of the Marathon Camp 'Truth is Concrete' in Graz City of Austria, would portray the ideal face of democracy for India. As an artist I would feel extremely happy and satisfied when the common man in India would be treated as a real hero,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "16500470", "title": "Sullivan memorial closed to public for renovation work", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: The legendary 'Sullivan Memorial', the first colonial building in the Nilgiris located at Kannerimukku village, about two km away from Kotagiri, has been closed for visitors as renovation works are underway for the past few weeks.\"The building will remain closed at least for a month for renovation works\", said Dharmalingam Venugopal, honorary secretary, Nilgiri Documentation Centre (NDC). Since 2006 the NDC, a private trust, has been taking care of the memorial of the founder of modern Nilgiris.A team of PWD officials visited the memorial on Friday and held discussions with the NDC to proceed further with the renovation work without damaging the original structure of the building.According to Venugopal, the district administration with funds from the Hill Area Development Project (HADP) has under taken the renovation work at a cost of Rs.15 lakh.Besides protecting the heritage building from rains and providing complete lighting system, the renovation works will also include provisions for audio visual presentations too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16501924", "title": "Man arrested for duping job seekers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An employee of a Mohali-based placement agency landed in police net here on Friday for allegedly duping several software graduates of nearly Rs 45 lakh. The accused was identified as Rajeev Nair.Preliminary investigation revealed that Nair collected the whopping amount from nearly 120 students of nine private technical colleges of Bhubaneswar in the last one year, promising them jobs. The aspirants, without verifying the antecedents of the agency, shelled out between Rs 20,000 and Rs 50,000 each to get placed in multinational companies.On Friday, Nair ran into a well-planned trap laid by students, leading to his arrest. \"The students invited Nair in the pretext of getting him acquainted with some more job aspirants, who were ready to pay him money. Nair came and we arrested him,\" said IIC-Kharavela Nagar Manoj Kumar Samant.Nair went from college to college to hold campus placements. \"He offered each student an annual package of around Rs 2.5 to Rs 4 lakh per annum and monthly stipend of Rs 8,000 per month during training period. Accordingly, he charged thousands of rupees from them as training fee,\" Samant said.A few months ago, some students went to the consultancy's Mohali office for training. However, before training, they were asked to learn subjects which they had already studied in college. \"Despite waiting for fifteen days, the training programme did not start,\" said Sambit Reddy, a student. \"We were asked to return to Bhubaneswar and assured of appointment letters soon. When the appointment letters did not reach, we became suspicious,\" he said.Some students, who got appointment letters, later knew that the recruitment process was fake. Sources said the recruitment agency had also launched a fake website to hoodwink the aspirants.\"The agency made tall claims of having tie-up with various foreign companies. But later, it was found to be bogus,\" said a complainant, Satyabrat Nisank Ray, who is himself a director of a college.Police said they would verify the credentials of the job placement agency and arrest others involved in cheating the students. City police had recently arrested a few conmen for swindling job aspirants after collecting huge money from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16498513", "title": "International wine group head to visit Nashik", "text": "Nashik: The director general of the International Organisation of Vine and Wine (OIV), Federico Castellucci, will make his maiden visit to Nashik on Saturday.During his visit, Castellucci will visit select wineries in the district and interact with wine manufacturers and grape growers. He will also hold meetings with members of the Indian Grape Processing Board (IGPB) on September 24 in Pune.Speaking to TOI, Jagdish Holkar, chairman of the Indian Grape Processing Board (IGPB) said, \"The role of Indian Grape Processing Board (IGPB) is to build an identity for Indian wine in the international market. We accepted OIV membership with this in mind and following our induction, will have to follow international wine standards. We are also working on creating wine legislation which India does not currently have. Federico Castellucci's trip is significant as this will be his first visit to India following our membership.\" after India joined hands with OIV.\"After accepting the membership of OIV, we now will have to adopt all wine related rules, regulations and laws as per the IOV and we will have to work accordingly. We will have to follow wine quality standards as per international norms. This will help improve the quality of Indian wine and create the brand identity of Indian wine in international market.\"Hence, we are working on the model of making wine legislation. Presently, there is no legislation on wine in the country. We can say anything or give any name to the wine made by table grapes or wine variety grapes. But once the legislation comes into effect there will be specific wine manufacturing practices. For instance, if we made region-wise affiliation, then you can call it Nashik Valley wine. In means, if wineries from Nashik made the wine from the grapes of Karnataka. Then, you can't say it is the 'Nashik Valley wine' to the wine made by the grapes from Karnataka. In means, we will have to implement manufacturing and other practices.\"In short, all wine related practices i.e. good manufacturing practices, good agricultural practices, critical point analysis, food safety norms etc all will come under wine legislation. There will be norms for making Still Wine or Table Wine, Sparkling Wine and Fortified Wine,\" Holkar said.Incidentally, the OIV is an intergovernmental organization of scientific and technical nature for vines, wine, wine-based beverages, table grapes, raisins and other vine-based products. The International Organisation of Vine and Wine (OIV) had been set up in the year 2001. Initially,Since its inception in 2001, OIV, which started with eight wine-producing countries, now has 45 member nations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "16499277", "title": "In Manimala, outrage is no \u2018small\u2019 thing", "text": "KOTTAYAM: In Kerala, the heartland of hartals, here's a protest that highlights how ridiculous the whole agit-prop business has become.Manimala, some 40 km from here, observed a three-hour hartal on Friday afternoon to protest against the district administration's decision to shut the lone Beverages Corporation (Bevco) outlet here.While activists of the Madhya Virudha Samithy raised a toast, the move offered little cheer for hundreds of local people who were totally dependent on it. That they have to drag their thirsty selves to the nearest watering hole at Kanjirappally, 12 km from Manimala, adds to their plight.But the hartal call was not thrown up by them alone. For, they had the whole-hearted support of local auto and taxi operators who lost the huge business of ferrying inebriated souls to their respective homes. Even local merchants expressed solidarity by downing shutters.But taxi drivers like Liju hailed the decision as \"the shop had become a nuisance with haphazard parking in front of it affecting traffic and pedestrian movements''.\"Neighbourhood bunk shops had made special provisions for a quick gulp and snacks. With this the area became notorious for drunken misbehaviour and allied menaces,'' he said. The Samithy activists staged many protests resulting in a meeting at the Manimala Police Station. Following this, on September 15 district collector Mini Antony directed the Bevco managing director to shut shop immediately. The outlet has remained closed since the next day.But Bevco's efforts to find a suitable place nearby also failed after the Madhya Virudha Samithy began agitation in all the five places that the corporation had shortlisted. Samithy president Suresh Mylattupara said alcoholism had become a social problem with \"this lone outlet doing business worth Rs 6-lakh a day. We didn't want more people to be addicts''.But those who want a drink will go anywhere to buy a bottle. We will only lose more money, said A K Babu of Anakkallu, a regular at the outlet. Perhaps, this underlines why Mar Thoma Metropolitan Philipose Mar Chrysostom said: \"If people want it, that outlet should be opened.'' He blames it on the drinking habits of Malayalis. \"Very few know how to hold a drink. They will empty a bottle in five minutes. But if people can't live without alcohol, the shop should be re-opened,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16499465", "title": "CM, Kapil Sibal not to share dais", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The foundation stone laying ceremony of the Indian Institute of Technology , Gandhinagar where Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi and Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal were to share dais has been called off.Both leaders had consented to remain present on Saturday for the event. Sources said that both leaders, in separate letters to IIT-Gn , have informed that they cannot attend the event due to other urgent commitments. The event has now been called off. The ceremony was jointly organised by the Centre and Board of Governors IIT-GN , where Sibal was to deliver speech as the chief guest and Modi the presidential address. Recently, the two leaders were involved in a public spat on the issue of providing low-cost 'Aakash' tablets to students.In a criticism of the poll promise of Gujarat Congress to give free laptops, Modi had sarcastically said, \"Kaash (if only), this Aakash tablet could land on earth.\" Sibal, reacting to Modi's jibes, promised he himself would present the version-2 of Aakash to Modi at a public event on September 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "udham nagar", "code": "16500728", "title": "Kids thank community helpers for their services", "text": "Udham Nagar: Kids donned the attires of various service men and enjoyed playing the roles of elders as Maple Bear Canadian Playway and Nursery celebrated Community Helpers' Day on Friday. 'I am a doctor, I help the ill', 'I am a postman, I deliver letters' and 'I am milkman, I deliver milk' is how each one of them introduced themselves with pride. The curiosity about anything that elders do and dressing up like them to essay different roles was something the kids enjoyed most on the occasion. From security guard to doctor and teacher to a farmer and a vegetable seller, each community helper was present at the school in a young avatar. The day encompassed fun with education as around 60 kids learnt about significance of the helpers in their day to day lives. If Rohtan became a vegetable seller, Harsimrat Bedi was a farmer and while Abeer Kapoor was a milkman, Samridhi realized her dream of being a teacher. Samya Jain was happy in her cobbler appearance and Vidhit and Vikhyat enjoyed being the policemen for the day. The kids thanked their teachers, security guards and the peons for making their life easier in the school. Chander Nagar resident Aarika Vohra said, 'My 3-year-old twins Vidhit and Vikhyat love policemen and get really excited when they spot someone in uniform. This activity gave them a chance to dress up as their favourite community helper.' Principal Veena Aggarwal told the kids that community helpers must be kept in high esteem and their efforts must be recognized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16498747", "title": "State Congress seeks 3 berths at Centre, writes to Sonia Gandhi", "text": "KOLKATA: Even before six ministers from Trinamool Congress tendered their resignations to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, speculation was rife on the likely entrants from Bengal in the Union cabinet.With Pranab Mukherjee becoming the President of India and Mukul Roy tendering his resignation, Bengal was left with ceased to have anyno representation in the Manmohan Singh cabinet. To make things worse, five ministers of state also tendered their resignations along with Roy, leaving Bengal without a single ministerial portfolio in the Centre.It wasn't without reason, therefore, that state Congress general secretary and AICC member Om Prakesh Mishra on Friday wrote to Congress president Sonia Gandhi to nominate at least three Union ministers from Bengal, including one with cabinet rank.Mishra argued in his letter, \"The state had a total of eight ministers - two cabinet and 6 MoS (one from Congress; 7 from Trinamool Congress) in 2009. Non-filling of one slot by the TMC (after Dinesh Trivedi's railway portfolio was given to Mukul Roy, the minister of state for shipping's post, which Roy held, wasn't filled by a Trinamool nominee) and Pranab Mukherjee's elevation as President, the number reduced to six and all these six ministers are resigning today. West Bengal (along with Andhra Pradesh ) is the third largest state in the country and deserves a proportionate political and ministerial representation.\"After the July 19 Presidential polls, there were enough indications of a cabinet rejig. Several contenders from Bengal were also touted to be in the fray, including the state Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya and the Malda (South) MP Abu Hasem Khan Chowdhury. Murshidabad MP Adhir Chowdhury and Raigunj MP Deepa Dasmunshi's name also started doing the rounds later. President Pranab Mukherjee's son Abhijeet, who is the Congress contender for Jangipur Lok Sabha seat vacated after his father became the President, had publicly put his weight behind Adhir to get a cabinet berth. Mishra, through his letter on Friday, has sought an increase in the number of berths from one to three.However, Bhattacharya chose to stay away from such speculation. \"A Congress leader has every right to express his personal opinion to the party chief. Ours is a very democratic party. But at the end of the day, such decisions are the prerogative of the Congress president and the Prime Minister. The Pradesh Congress can't write such letter and it would be wrong to construe that this letter is endorsed by the state Congress. It is a personal opinion expressed,\" Bhattacharya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497093", "title": "'Speeches by 3 leaders on August 11 provocative'", "text": "MUMBAI: Speeches delivered by at least three community leaders at the Azada Maidan rally on August 11 were provocative, evidence gathered by the special investigating team (SIT) showed. After they spoke from the dais, condemning the alleged atrocities against the Muslim community in Assam and Myanmar , the people gathered at the rally went on the rampage, which led to the death of two and injury of 63, said the police.The police are likely to arrest the three leaders but are waiting for the Ganpati festival to get over.\"After three maulanas gave provocative speeches, around 3,000 people, who had gathered at the Azad Maidan ground, broke out on the streets and at the same time, another group emerged from the CST subway. Together, they triggered the violence,\" said the police.TOI has managed to get hold of one of the speeches, which has a phrase like \"Burma main 24 lakh muslims beghar ho gaye, 35,000 muslims killed, 9,000 logo ko jalaya gaya hai, 700 masjido par pabandi, 5,000 ladkiyan gayab hain aur 6,000 ladkiyan ki abroo looti gayi hai. Aur Indian government aur media khamosh hai (24 lakh Muslims have lost their homes in Burma, 35,000 of them killed, 9,000 have been charred, prayers in 700 mosques banned, 5,000 girls have gone missing and 6,000 girls raped. And the Indian government and the media is silent).\"Earlier this month, the police applied Section 505 (1) (C) of the IPC in the case. The law pertains to a statement being made \"with intent to incite, or which is likely to incite, any class or community of persons to commit any offence against any other class or community\". Persons convicted under the sectioncan be punished with a jail term of up to three years and a fine, or both.The police have so far recorded the statements of around half a dozen community leaders including Saeed Noori, general secretary of Raza Academy that had organized the rally.Niyamatullah Noori, Guddubhaiyya, Akhtar Ali Amanullah Barkati and Gulam Abdul Kadri.They are yet to record the statement of retired ACP Shamsher Pathan and Ibrahim Bhaijan who were present on the dias.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16497858", "title": "Pascal's wife wants to assist prosecution", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka High Court posted to Monday the hearing of the bail petition filed by Pascal Mazurier, consul attache at the French consulate here who has been arrested on the charge of raping his three-year-old daughter.The court allowed the interlocutory application filed by his wife Suja Jones Mazurier to come on record and assist the prosecution. \"In a bail petition, I'm not assessing any evidence,\" Justice HN Nagamohan Das said.Earlier, Pascal's counsel objected to the application, saying that in a case where the state is prosecuting, a private party has no business and it only results in the case being protracted. Pascal, whose bail plea was dismissed by a city fast track court on July 26, has contended that the trial court failed to appreciate the fact that he enjoyed diplomatic immunity as per the Vienna Convention and also that the DNA test report said the DNA samples taken from the crime scene don't match his.He promised he would cooperate with the investigation and would not leave the country without court permission if granted bail.He also claimed the case against him was concocted. The fast track court rejected his bail saying that mere DNA mismatch cannot be a ground for granting bail. The prosecution also claimed there is oral evidence of the victim and the maid servant. They further claimed that investigation is still in progress and opinion from other laboratories on the DNA sample is expected.Following a complaint by Suja that the alleged rape took place on June 13, a FIR was registered by the police on June 14 and Pascal was arrested on June 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "indore/ujjain", "code": "16500669", "title": "Bandh total in Malwa", "text": "INDORE/UJJAIN: The nationwide bandh on Thursday on the call of Bharatiya Janata Party and other political parties to protest 51% FDI in retail, got a good response from industries in Malwa region. Various industrial bodies including Confederation of All India Traders, Ahilya Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Maharaja Tukoganj Cloth Merchant Association, Anaj Tilhan Vyapar Sangh and Chandi Sona Jawaharat Association supported the bandh. Barring few essential services most of the services and markets remained closed through the day.Autorikshaws and city vans were off the roads. There were less city buses plying on roads. State carriage buses were totally off. Trains continued to run as per scheduled time.Shops, school, offices and road transport remained closed since morning in Ujjain district through the day. BJP activists were seen requesting shopkeepers, other business houses to keep shut in protest against the 51% FDI in retail and hike in diesel prices.With the police forces remaining on toes, the law and order situation remained peaceful except for a few incidents of forceful closure of shops in areas like Piplinaka, Jivajiganj and Bhairavgarh in Ujjain city. Presence of police forces could be seen on important crossroads in sufficient numbers. The bandh was peaceful in Mahidpur, Khachrod, Unhel and Barnagar tahasil.President of Ahilya Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Ramesh Khandelwal said that the bandh observed by industries in Indore was successful.However, the band had no impact on industrial houses as normal attendance was registered by the workers in the industrial areas of the region. Vijay Agrawal, secretary, Association of Industries Madhya Pradesh , said, \"We are nowhere associated with the bandh as we are not affected by the government's move of allowing 51% FDI in retail.\"Banks were not affected by the bandh. Branches of various banks remained open through the day. Though the wholesale market of chemists remained closed through the day, retail medicine shops, numbering 3000, remained open. President of Indore Chemists Association, Vinay Bakliwal said, \"Indore chemists wholesale market may have incurred losses of Rs 15-20 crore due to the bandh.\"Al the electrical goods shop numbering 500, also remained closed in the city. President of MP Electric Merchants and Contractors Association, Omprakash Gupta said, \"We support the cause as FDI in retail will increase unemployment in the country.\"Retail shops also kept their shutters down on the day in support of the cause. Owner of a chain of electronics goods stores, Gaurav Pahwa said, \"Home grown retailers must get backing from the government in terms of sustainability.\" Pintu Chhabra who owns a shopping mall, said, \"I support the cause as it is concerned with common man.\"Retail shops, sarafa market, bicycle stores and sanitary ware market also remained closed. The market incurred losses of Rs 400 crore. Petrol pumps too remained closed. Essential services like milk and fruits remained free from the bandh.Educational institutions also observed bandh on the day and the exam papers that were supposed to take place on Thursday, were deferred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500206", "title": "Madras high court allows state to control CBSE school fees", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has held that CBSE and ICSE schools are subject to the state government's jurisdiction and that they must collect only the fee prescribed by the statutory fee determination committee. Dismissing a batch of writ petitions filed by CBSE and ICSE schools on Friday, a division bench of Justice R Banumathi and Justice R Subbiah said: \"There is no Central Act or other statutory body to regulate CBSE schools...It is the bounden duty of the state to ensure that private schools in the state do not indulge in profiteering in the name of imparting education. Insofar as the CBSE schools, the state government has the bounden duty to see that the fees collected by the schools are commensurate with the facilities and see that they do not indulge in profiteering or charging capitation fees.\" The matter relates to the fee structure determined by the statutory Private Schools Fee Determination Committee as per Tamil Nadu Private Schools (Regulation of Collection of Fee) Act, 2009. CBSE and ICSE schools have been opposing the mechanism saying the state has no jurisdiction over schools affiliated to CBSE. They said the state governments had only supervisory control over them and that they could only 'recommend' disaffiliation of an erring school. Merely because the government issues no objection certificate (NOC), it cannot exercise domain over CBSE schools, they said. A dvo c at e - g e n e r a l A N av - aneethakrishnan and additional government pleader P Sanjay Gandhi (education ), however, said these schools were 'private schools' as defined in the State Act, and that they cannot levy exorbitant fees and burden the exchequer, which reimburses the fee as per Section 12(2) of the RTE Act. The judges, agreeing with the submissions , said: \"The schools owe a duty and social responsibility to the public so that the fee charged is reasonable and commensurate with facilities. CBSE schools cannot contend that they are out of the purview of the TN School Fee Act and that the government cannot regulate the fee.\" Holding that CBSE schools, except those directly founded and managed by the central government, are 'private schools' within the meaning of Section 2(j) of the Tamil Nadu Schools (Regulation of Collection of Fee) Act, 2009, the judges said the clause did not specifically exclude CBSE or ICSE schools from its ambit. Pointing out that an NOC from the state government is the basis for establishing a CBSE or ICSE school, the judges said the NOC was not an empty formality. \"It gives an inference that CBSE schools can be run only in accordance with the rules and regulations of the state government ...Without the NOC, schools cannot be affiliated to the CBSE Board. NOC is nothing but an implied permission to run the CBSE schools within the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16499449", "title": "BJP's march to Raj Bhavan on Monday", "text": "PATNA: While BJP's national president Nitin Gadkari has maintained that the party was in no hurry to bring a no-trust motion against the UPA-II government of PM Manmohan Singh at the Centre, the state BJP has decided to march to Raj Bhavan here on Monday to apprise the governor of its concerns about what the party felt were \"burning issues\" with which the people are seized.\"The state BJP leaders will march to Raj Bhavan on September 24 afternoon to inform governor Devanand Konwar about the burning issues which have wracked the mind of people of the country,\" state BJP chief Dr C P Thakur said on Friday after the conclusion of the state executive committee meeting convened to discuss the related matters and also assess the success of the daylong Bharat Bandh in the state.According to him, BJP's state leaders and workers would begin the march from the party's state headquarters via R-Block in the afternoon, and submit a memorandum to the governor. The party would seek resignation of PM Singh, since he was coal minister when coal blocks were allotted to various companies having controversial background and doubtful credentials. \"The party will also demand cancellation of the allotment of coal blocks to all such companies,\" Dr Thakur said.The participants at the meeting included heads and key persons of various frontal organizations of the state BJP. The party would also draw the attention of the governor through the memorandum to irrationality behind allowing 51% FDI in multi-brand retail, cap on supply of subsidized LPG cylinders, Rs 5 per litre hike in the price of diesel and general hike in the prices of commodities.Dr Thakur appreciated the decision of the state cabinet to reduce VAT on diesel from 18 to 16%, giving a relief of 85 paise per litre of diesel to consumers. As a result of this decision, the state government would suffer a loss of Rs 118 crore during the remaining period of the current financial year.He said tendering of resignation by Trinamool Congress ministers in the Manmohan Singh-led government and the party's withdrawal of support to the UPA-II has triggered \"disintegration of the UPA-II government\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16498682", "title": "Punjab ex-minister Avtar Henry faces deportation", "text": "JALANDHAR: A former Punjab Congress minister who holds two passports ceased to be an Indian citizen about three decades ago and could be deported.The Centre recently informed Punjab principal secretary (home) D S Bains that transporter-turned-politician Avtar Henry is no longer an Indian citizen. His Indian citizenship expired after he acquired British citizenship and passport in 1969.The centre's communication follows an inquiry by the Punjab police. The inquiry officer could not find any record in the Jalandhar Deputy Commissioner's office showing Henry acquired Indian citizenship after giving up his British citizenship.Though Henry was a British citizen, he acquired Indian passport in 1981 and then in 1994 for which he was not eligible.Henry though said he was an Indian citizen and has been living in India for the last 43 years after returning from UK.Henry claimed he got his British passport in 1968, but came to India in 1969 and applied for Indian citizenship. \"I never travelled again on British passport. British authorities, too, have told the Jalandhar police that this passport was never renewed after 1978 once its validity expired,\" said Henry, adding, \"I got the Indian passport in 1981 and then in 1994. I visited Britain in 1997 on Indian passport, first time after 1969,\" said Henry.Satya Pal Jain, who looks after the BJP's legal and legislative business cell, said, \"Henry can be deported, but it's the discretion of the Indian government.\"Gurjit Singh Sanghera, Henry's son from his first wife, had complained to the Centre in 2009 and accused his father of holding two passports. An inquiry against Henry was ordered following the complaint.He contested five assembly elections from Jalandhar (North) seat between 1986 and 2012. He was an MLA thrice and a minister from 2002 to 2007 in the Amarinder Singh government. He lost in the 2007 and 2012 polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497646", "title": "This bonhomie ain't for real: BJP, Left", "text": "NEW DELHI: Politics makes strange bedfellows. On Friday, people woke up to photographs of dyed-in-the-wool Marxist Sitaram Yechury lending a hand to sentinel of saffron politics Murli Manohar Joshi , both protesting against UPA-II's decision allowing FDI in multi-brand retail, making many wonder if the twain have began to tango.However, Yechury dismissed the suggestion that the anti-FDI bonhomie could lead to a long running political affair. He emphasized that protest was a multi-party show, stressing CPM has never been a part of BJP platform. \"Left and BJP remain as antagonistic as ever. Our differences are ideological and historical\", he said.Yechury explained that trading organizations wanted nationwide bandh on September 18. \"When they contacted us, we asked them to hold it on September 20th. It was decided that leader of the parliamentary party would go there. There is no coalition with BJP,\" he added.CPM general secretary Prakash Karat blamed the new theory on Congress's dirty tricks department and laughs it off. He said coming together of Left and BJP leaders at Jantar Mantar on Thursday was at the invitation of a national association of traders' organizations. \"Karat asked why should Left keep away from such neutral platforms. In the past, Karat said, he has himself shared stage with BJP leaders on dalit issues. He also pointed out that trade unions affiliated to Congress, Left parties and RSS have been putting up joint struggle for long.In the present case, Karat said, Left is consciously trying to bring everyone together. A national coalition against such policies should be created, he explained. As for traders' organizations, he said, that even when BJP had brought FDI in cash-and-carry retail, pro-BJP trading organizations had approached Left parties. Few years ago, Karnataka chamber of commerce had felicitated Karat for CPM's struggle against FDI in multi-brand retail. Former West Bengal finance minister Ashim Dasgupta was honoured by trading organizations, traditionally dominated by BJP, for his help on Value Added Tax. Dasgupta had headed state finance ministers' body on VAT.JD U chief Sharad Yadav who was present at the protest site also said that the protest was organized at the initiative of several grassroots outfits to highlight concerns of street hawkers, kirana shop owners, farmers and industrial workers who stand to lose because of the entry of global giants in retail. \"It should not be seen as a show of political parties. It was their event and we were there because of their initiative. No meaning should be read into the presence of disparate groups on the same stage\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16498253", "title": "US Embassy remains closed to prevent any untoward incident", "text": "NEW DELHI: The US Embassy here shut down on Friday due to \"possible demonstrations\" against an anti-Islam movie, which has incurred the wrath of Muslims all across the world leading to attacks on American establishments.\"Due to possible demonstrations today, September 21, 2012, U.S. Embassy and Consulate facilities in Indian will close early. Before visiting any US facility in India, please check our websites for operating hours,\" said a message posted on the website.A foreign news agency quoted an anonymous US official to say that the decision to close the Embassy was taken by authorities to prevent any \"untoward incident\" near the highly guarded premises in the diplomatic quarter of the national Capital.According to the agency, the Embassy school was also closed for the day and US citizens travelling in India, home to the world's third-biggest Muslim population, have been urged to exercise caution and monitor the local media for security updates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16501181", "title": "Alags give caring touch to the elderly on son's birthday", "text": "Ludhiana: It was an undefined joy for the Alag family of Model Town as they celebrated the first birthday of their son Kunwar Veer Singh with senior citizens at an old age home in Model Town extension area on Friday.Manpreet Singh Alag, 35, who is a businessman said that he along with his family, especially his two daughters 8-year-old Jasnoor and 4-year-old Bani, enjoyed the company of the elderly at the old age home when they had lunch there. 'So, we decided to celebrate the first birthday of our son with the senior citizens. It will help my children to imbibe the feeling that sharing happiness is a virtue,' he said. His wife Harleen Kaur, who is a homemaker, said, 'It's indeed a pleasure to spend time with the people here as they are very loving and just a little touch of care that we give makes them feel so grateful. Everyone blessed our son in such a touching way. Their wishes mean a lot as they come straight from the heart.' Manpreet's father Tarvinder Singh and mother Joginder Kaur, who were also there to bless their grandson, were thrilled as they partied with the residents of the old age home. 'I am happy that my son is celebrating the birthday of Kunwar Veer such graciously,' said Tarvinder. Amrinder Singh, the 21-year-old brother of Manpreet, also joined the occasion with his wife Manpreet Kaur and their two-year-old daughter Manya. 'I am very happy as the celebration has given me a lot of satisfaction. What the old people here want is nothing but the feeling of being wanted and belongingness. I think this is the best way of celebrating an occasion: by sharing some moments with this extended family of ours,' said Amrinder. \"We are very glad as this family keeps coming here and shares its happiness with us. Their presence brings life to our old age home,\" said an inmate Dara Singh . Other elderlies Jalala Mashi, Veena Rani, Iqbal Singh, Krishna Sood and Shanti also expressed their hapiness and thankfulness to the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16498711", "title": "Engg students to find solutions to Panjab University bloomers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Students of University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET) this year are inviting the best brains from NITs, IITs and other premier institutes, to find solution to bloomers that ail Panjab University's examination system.The technical fest of UIET, \"Aavishkar\", is all set to turn more meaningful, with students conducting research on challenges being faced by university and providing solutions. These participants will include engineering students from region and 10 best teams will give a presentation on their \"solutions\" to the problems given in the challenge.Participants will also be given a challenge to create \"plan for managing record wheat production of the nation\" (Every year tonnes of wheat is wasted due to extremely poor storage), \"problem of unauthorized buildings coming up in periphery of Tricity\" and \"problem of weeds, drying and silting of Sukhna Lake\".\"The idea is to bring out the best solutions so that university can practically implement these. The technical fest should contribute constructively to the university and its various departments,\" says Ishita, who is managing the research event.Students say the idea of the event was conceived by the faculty adviser Manu Sharma, who urged students to provide solutions to several problems that the university was facing.\"The best of engineering students will contest in this event with each other. We are expecting students from all over the region. The solutions have to be practical, feasible and thought-provoking that yield quick results,\" says Rishab, the co-convener of \"Avishkar\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "16498840", "title": "Varsity staffer held for rape", "text": "BURDWAN: A Burdwan University employee and an eye witness to the murder of former CPM MLA Pradip Tah has been arrested on charges of raping a 35-year old housewife and trying to blackmail her over telephone.Burdwan Sadar Police on Friday arrested Roopkumar Gupta (50), a relative of former Congress MLA Kasinath Tah, who was murdered in Burdwan town two decades ago. Gupta allegedly got close to the victim and her husband residing at Khalerbil Math in Burdwan town taking advantage of their poor financial condition. The accused has also confessed his crime during interrogation, police said.Talking to the TOI, Dilip Ganguly, IC of Burdwan Sadar Police Station said that the police arrested Gupta based on a written complaint from the victim. \"We have arrested him under sections of rape and criminal intimidation. We have taken him in police remand to serach the cell phone where the photographs have been taken and stored,\" the IC said.According to police, Gupta allegedly raped the victim few days ago and took photographs in his cell phone. He tried to blackmail her showing her photographs, police claimed. Burdwan Police said that the victim was sent to Burdwan Medical College Hospital for medical examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497169", "title": "Coal ministry does not have full record of screening panel's minutes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The coal ministry does not have a full record of minutes of the screening committee, which allotted coal blocks explaining why hundreds of applications were rejected while some were preferred, Parliament's Public Accounts Committee (PAC) was told on Friday.Responding to questions posed by PAC members, coal secretary Sanjay Srivastava told the panel examining the CAG report on Coalgate that minutes could be with ministries concerned. These, in some cases, might be with the power ministry.But a power ministry official present at the committee deliberations was unable to clearly state if the department had a record of the relevant minutes either, and suggested it might be with the energy coordination panel.In acrimonious exchanges, Congress MPs also blamed the CAG report on Coalgate for the rupee's devaluation. This was countered by BJP's Prakash Javadekar who said the devaluation took place much before the report was presented to Parliament.Coal ministry officials were queried in the context of the Comptroller and Auditor General's (CAG) assertion that no record could be found that sets out reasons why certain private firms were allotted coal blocks ahead of scores of other applicants for a particular mine. In one case, two applicants were shortlisted from 108.PAC chair Murli Manohar Joshi asked the ministry to provide the PAC with the minutes to which officials could not clearly state if the record is available.On the broader policy issues concerning the allocations, the coal secretary said he would respond within the ambit of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's statement tabled in Parliament. He said the coal allocation policy was driven by the need to step up power production, not for revenue generation.Earlier in the day, CAG Vinod Rai defended his Rs 1.86 lakh crore loss estimate, saying \"I would be failing in my duty if I had not mentioned the financial gains...to show the magnitude of the revenue loss.\" He said he had, in fact, chosen a lower estimate of loss.Faced with aggressive questioning by Congress members who even accused him of impropriety - the reference was expunged \u2014 Rai said he had gone with Coal India Limited's estimate based on 75%-80% extraction of reserved coal. He had pegged the calculations on 73%.There were three price ranges. Imported coal, largely from Indonesia, cost Rs 3,600 a tonne. The e-auction average of a subsidiary of CIL came to Rs 2,300 a tonne. The CIL sale price came to Rs 1,000 a tonne. The audit considered the lowest and most conservative CIL rate.Congress member Shashi Tharoor asked about the selectiveness in mentioning only certain firms and some coal blocks. His colleague J D Seelam said the CAG report had been used by Congress's adversaries. Congress MP Sandeep Dikshit suggested CAG might have acted out of questionable motives, inviting an expunction.The Congress charge that the coal ministry disputed the use of loss or benefit values was not denied by CAG who said it was for the government to present its view that did not tally with the audit's finding.Rai made the point that the audit did not question policy nor offer a comment on the legality of the decisions. It took account of the then coal secretary's strong view that the allocations lacked transparency. These are not CAG's words and have not been disputed in official record.Answering why the CAG chose 2004 as the base year for its review - critics have said this was when UPA came to office - he said the period is a watershed moment.The CAG highlighted the law ministry's advice in August, 2006, providing the option of a change in the administrative rules to allow competitive bidding and the change of opinion, within a month, favouring amendment of the Mines and Minerals Regulatory Act.This is what led to \"windfall gains\". Tharoor asked if some these could not be recovered by way of royalty and income tax. This would reduce the loss figure that the CAG arrived at.Rai pointed out that between 2004 and 2011 a total of 75 blocks were allotted to the private sector and only three are producing coal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16502232", "title": "Asin takes a break!", "text": "Asin, who has been on a high since her last two releases, Housefull 2 and Bol Bachchan joined the 100 crore-club, has finally decided to take some time off her hectic schedule. We hear that she has taken a short break and is heading to Europe.A source says, \"Asin hardly got any time for herself as she was busy shooting for Bol Bachchan and then got into promotions for Housefull 2 , and later with the promotions of BB . She even started work on Khiladi 786 after that. She had wanted to take a break and visit Thailand and Bangkok. But now, she is planning to take off to Europe for a quick vacation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497898", "title": "Byculla school celebrates hundred years with pomp", "text": "MUMBAI: Another city school turned 100 this year. St Agnes High School in Byculla started its centenary celebrations in January this year and is leaving no stone unturned in ensuring that the elaborate celebrations showcase the principles that the school abides by.On Friday, the school organized a concert, in association with eminent musician Charles Vaz. \"We started with celebrating our Founder's Day in January and will continue the centenary celebrations till the end of the year. This concert has been named Amar Prem and talks about the life and deeds of the school's patron saint, St Agnes along with showcasing the potential of the girl child,\" said Anisa Lakhpatwala, a teacher from the school. With a cast comprising 500 students, Amar Prem promises to be a visual and audio treat and will be showcased at the school premises on three consecutive days starting September 21.On the occasion, Sr Louisa D'mello, principal of St Agnes High School said, \"We are celebrating our centenary year in an extra-ordinary way. There couldn't be a better plot for Amar Prem than the story of St Agnes which in present times makes for an interesting re-telling. Emphasizing the values that every girl child is blessed with, the story of St Agnes has a strong message.\"\"Everyone wants to contribute in their own little way. Students' parents have been very supportive and have generously given their time to the school for this important milestone,\" added Lakhpatwala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16498252", "title": "Arguments over in Bhanwari case, court to frame charges on October 4", "text": "JODHPUR: Arguments over the charge framing against all 16 accused in the Bhanwari Devi abduction and murder case were completed on Friday with the prosecution (CBI) producing a list of evidences comprising 303 witnesses and 315 documents in the ACJM (SC/ST Cases) court. The court, which had put up the matter for rebuttal by the CBI on Friday, will now frame the charges on the accused on October 4.Senior special counsel of CBI, Ashok Joshi, said the charge framing arguments from both the sides -prosecution and defence - were completed on Friday. The CBI again narrated the entire conspiracy in brief before the court and cited some important judgments of the Supreme Court.Joshi said that in a way, the arguments on charge framing had been completed on the previous hearing on September 14 and the matter was listed for CBI rebuttal on Friday. \"After our rebuttal today, now the entire matter is clear before the court, which has to study the evidences we provided in response to the objections of the defence and has to frame the charges on the accused accordingly. The court will frame the charges on the accused of the case on October 4,\" Joshi added.All the 16 accused except Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi were present in the court on Friday. It may be recalled that Maderna is currently lodged in Jodhpur jail whereas Bishnoi is in Ajmer and they were not appearing in the court on health grounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497727", "title": "\u2018Tough to get drought aid from Centre\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan announced on Friday that the difference in central and state norms over drought relief would make it difficult for the state to bag funds for immediate mitigation measures.Chavan said the state government was banking on a Rs 2,200-crore package raised with the Centre for medium and long-term mitigation measures. The state plans to promote lift irrigation schemes, construction of cement dams and transport water from abundant pockets to water-scarce regions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16502648", "title": "Gogoi leaves for Tokyo to study goods &amp; services tax", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi left for Tokyo on a six-day visit as member of the Empowered Committee of State Finance Ministers to study goods and services tax (GST) and related matters.This is his second foreign trip this year. He was in the US in June last to \"explore tie-ups with American educational institutes.\" Unfazed by criticism for his annual foreign trips, Gogoi said these trips abroad help him widen his knowledge base. \"Knowledge does not increase if one is restricted within a small space,\" Gogoi said, prior to his departure for Tokyo.Gogoi has skipped the 14-day Canada leg of the tour to Vancouver and Toronto undertaken by the Indian delegation as part of the study, which started on September 12. \"The chief minister will join the delegation for the Tokyo leg,\" the chief minister's office said here on Friday.The Indian delegation is led by the deputy chief minister and finance minister of Bihar and the chairman of the Empowered Committee of state finance ministers, Sushil Kumar Modi.Gogoi left for New Delhi in the morning and is scheduled to take a flight to Tokyo later in the day. Apart from his wife, Gogoi is accompanied by finance commissioner and secretary R C Joshi, commissioner of taxes John B Ekka and special protocol officer to the chief minister, Bipul Gogoi. The chief minister will be returning to Delhi on September 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16498814", "title": "Manohar Parrikar under FIRe for 'abetting' suicide", "text": "PANAJI: Congress spokesman Jitendra Deshprabhu on Friday said that an FIR would be filed against chief minister and minister for mines Manohar Parrikar , director of mines and geology Prasanna Acharya and secretary (mines) R K Verma, for the abetment of the suicide of geologist Dattatraya Bhave.\"Bhave was an upright official and he was humiliated to such an extent that he was driven to suicide,\" Deshprabhu said.\"Bhave had worked in tandem with U V Singh, the chief investigator of the Shah commission, and brought to light the illegalities that started from 2000\", Deshprahu said at a press conference in the capital on Friday.He also alleged that Bhave, along with five others, were humiliated on the instructions of the chief minister, who he said \"loves to humiliate people\". They were asked to appear before the South Goa collector after their suspension. \"They appeared like museum pieces in the small cubicle at the entrance of the collectorate building to people visiting the collector's office,\" Deshprabhu said.The former Pernem MLA said that Bhave, being a bit sensitive, found the psychological humiliation overbearing for him to continue, and was thus driven to suicide. \"Officers who are honest and upright with a high degree of efficiency find it difficult to function in the present government,\" he alleged.Stating that there is no prima facie evidence against Bhave, Deshprabhu said that those who were handling the condonation for delay in renewal of leases, were not touched by the BJP government. \"We have information that Ramnath Shetgaonkar was not suspended because he is a strong BJP sympathizer,\" he claimed.Deshprabhu said that just like in the past, the chief minister is selective while taking action, alleging that \"he protects one of his kind\". Referring to the inquiry being conducted by the deputy collector into the suicide, Deshprabhu said that it is unfortunate that the inquiry has been handed over to a sub-divisional magistrate. \"We have no objection to this, but going by the inquiry into the PWD contractor's suicide (Harmalkar), it would take us no where\", he said adding that \"on the contrary, it seems a lot of manipulation takes place\"Deshprahbu further alleged that Parrikar suspended the six officials of the directorate of mines and geology to divert attention from the Shah commission findings that illegalities in the mining sector began when he took over as chief minister in 2000. \"He made them scapegoats and humiliated them as there was no need for him to send them to the district magistrate in Margao,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16502936", "title": "Justin Timberlake throws bachelor party in Vegas", "text": "Justin Timberlake , who is set to marry his long-time girlfriend Jessica Biel this year, bid adieu to his single status with an all-boys bachelor party in Las Vegas on Thursday.According to a representative of the venue, the 31-year-old singer-actor was the guest of honour among a group of 20 men who \"took over the dance floor table\" at Tryst nightclub at the Wynn Las Vegas , Us magazine reported.Wearing a bowtie and a fedora hat, the ' Friends With Benefits ' star and his group sipped cocktails - plus Timberlake's own liquor, 901 Tequila.The crew danced until the wee hours to the sounds of DJ Spider.\"The group was very polite,\" the representative said.Timberlake and his friends were then seen at Surrender Nightclub at Encore and Sinatra Restaurant at the Wynn.Although Surrender - an outdoor pool venue - was besieged with models, Timberlake \"was a good boy,\" an eyewitness said.\"It was just him and his guys,\" the eyewitness said.Timberlake proposed to Biel, 30, in the mountains of Jackson, Wyoming in late December 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16496923", "title": "Security beefed up at Secretariat", "text": "HYDERABAD: Suspecting that Telangana students will try to repeat their August 8 bravado during the upcoming 'Chalo Secretariat' call slated for September 27, the state has decided to tighten the rules pertaining to issuance of visitors' passes.On August 8 , five students of Telangana Vidyarthi Parishad managed to breach the security and entered the Secretariat. They went to the third floor of D Block where a meeting of the cabinet sub-committee was going on and sat on a dharna, holding placards condemning various decisions of the government. The protest interrupted the meeting for sometime and later, security personnel forcibly lifted the students from the spot and handed them over to Saifabad police.The government took serious note of the incident and ordered an inquiry.It was found that a section officer from the department of Secondary Education was responsible for the students to gain entry into the Secretariat. Normally, visitors are allowed inside between 3 pm and 5 pm on producing a pass stating their name, photograph and the name of the officer he or she has to visit. But the report said the students sneaked in at daytime with the help of a visitors' pass. If a visitor has to gain entry into Secretariat prior to 3 pm, he or she has to get a reference from a senior staff member. On August 8, the section officer came to the reception in person and took the five students inside. A pass was issued with the photograph of one of the students and the section officers' name mentioned as the referee.Sources said the officer was unaware of the real motive of the students and he took them inside due to his acquaintance with one of them. \"The students did not tell the section officer about their intention to stage a dharna. After entering the Secretariat, they spoke to the officer for more than an hour and then took leave. The officer assumed that they left Secretariat but the students entered D Block and sat on a dharna,\" said a source.Based on the report, the officer was warned to not repeat it in future and the security at the reception were also asked to frisk the visitors thoroughly, even if they are referred by senior staff. \"The students folded the placards and hid them under their clothes,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16502972", "title": "HR conclave at IIM Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Human resource management experts on Friday stressed on the need for companies to understand the aspirations of the workforce to maintain a healthy relation at the work place at a two-day HR conclave organized by IIM Ranchi on \"Turning the tide on unrest in the workforce\".The experts included Vikas Shirodkar, general manager (HR) of General Motors; Sarab Preet Singh, head learning and development of Citi Bank and Rajkamal Vempati, head (HR) of ICICI Lombard among others. The speakers explored 'dissonance at workplace', 'work life balance', 'conflict management' and 'compensation policies.'Maruti chairman R C Bhargava would present the 'Maruti story', on Saturday. Tata Steel MD H M Nerurkar would also address the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16498206", "title": "CREDAI to protect old Noida Extension buyers", "text": "NOIDA: Homebuyers of Noida Extension have been assured by CREDAI that it would cancel memberships of those developers who do not adhere to guidelines issued by it against cancellation of bookings on flimsy pretexts.On Friday, agitated over the continuous stream of cancellation letters sent by developers, a group of buyers met CREDAI officials in Delhi. The NCR wing of CREDAI had already assured homebuyers last month that it would prohibit developers from cancelling bookings and not issue demand letters till banks resume disbursal of housing loans.Buyers told CREDAI officials that builders have resorted to random cancellation of bookings after the Master Plan 2021 of Greater Noida Authority was cleared by the NCR Planning Board. \"Despite our repeated requests, developers have not desisted from the practice. Bookings are being cancelled on the pretext of having been made on the basis of basic sale price of flats,\" said Devender Kumar of Noida Extension Flat Owners and Members' Association.Earlier, homebuyers had asked for the intervention of the NCR wing of the CREDAI to help prohibit member developers from making unethical demands upon them. \"Even though banks have not resumed disbursal of loans, developers are demanding that we pay pending dues or face cancellation. Despite assurances made to us by CREDAI-NCR that it would issue guidelines to its members to protect the interests of homebuyers, developers have not stopped issuing demand letters,\" added Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16498223", "title": "JMC meeting turns ugly, councilors misbehave", "text": "JAIPUR: The 14th general body meeting of Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) on Friday turned ugly and chaotic when the councillors created ruckus. Two independent councillors too squatted in the house to get their demands fulfilled by city mayor Jyoti Khandelwal. The councillors continued with their shameful act for two hours till the house was adjourned sine die.After the meeting began at 11 am, the BJP councillors stopped the city mayor from sitting in her chair and as a result the house was adjourned for 30 minutes.Once the proceedings of the house resumed, the women Congress councillors took the charge and sat on the seat of the leader of Opposition, Gulam Nabi. Reacting to the situation, Nabi brought a chair and sat in the well, which was strongly opposed by the BJP councillors.The situation worsened when Congress councillor Sanjay Varma reached the visitors' gallery and levelled allegations against the chief executive officer (CEO) Lok Nath Soni. When the other councillors in the house opposed this, Varma attempted to jump from the gallery which is approximately 30 feet high. He was stopped by the policemen. In this act, Varma's shirt was torn and his mobile reportedly lost.Several important proposals remained unattended once again and heated exchange of personal allegations between mayor Jyoti Khandelwal and BJP councillors was witnessed.BJP councilors alleged that the residents of the city are facing problem due to sewerage ssince long as the mayor is not clearing the files. The Opposition also alleged that due to personal conflicts with the CEO the mayor does not come to the JMC on a regular basis. They demanded assurance from the mayor that she would come regularly to the JMC.EomJaipur: The ugly drama continued at the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC), 14th general body meeting on Friday where councilors attempted to jump from the visitor's gallery.Moreover, two independent councillors hold ears through legs in the house to get their demands fulfilled by the city mayor, Jyoti Khandelwal. The councilors continued display their shameful act for two hours till the house was adjourned sine die.After the meeting was started at 11 am, the BJP councilors stopped the city mayor to sit on her chair as a result the house was adjourned for 30 minutes.Once the proceedings of the house were resumed, the women Congress councilors took the charge and sat on the seat of leader of opposition, Gulam Nabi. Reacting to the situation, Nabi brought a chair and sat in well, which was strongly opposed by the BJP Councilors.Meanwhile, it turns ugly, when Congress councilors Sanjay Varma reached the visitors gallery leveled allegations against the chief executive officer (CEO) , Lok Nath Soni. When other councilors in the house opposed this indiscipline action, Varma attempted to jump from the gallery which was approximately 30 feet high. He was stopped by the policemen.In this act, Varma shirt was torn and reportedly his mobile was lost.Several important proposals remained unattended once again and heated exchange of personal allegations between mayor Jyoti Khandelwal and BJP councilors was witnessed. The agendas has important proposal including lying of sewerage line in the city.BJP councilors alleged that the residents are facing problem since long as the mayor is not clearing the files. The opposition also alleged due to personal conflicts with CEO the mayor is not coming to the JMC and during the meeting they asked assurance from the mayor to come to JMC regularly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500083", "title": "Full service carriers in favour after entry of AI\u2019s Dreamliner", "text": "CHENNAI: Air India's Dreamliner seems to have triggered a renewed interest among passengers for full service carriers . As the fare difference between low-cost carriers and full service airlines like Air India and Jet Airways has blurred , passengers are opting for full service airlines . A one-way ticket by Dreamliner to Delhi is cheaper than faresin lowcostcarriers . \"Passengers get better on board service in full service carriers for the same money they spend on one-way ticketsin lowcostcarrierslikeI ndigo . Sometimes last minute fares of LCC are expensive than full service airlines ,\" said Prema Radhakrishnan of EmeraldAirways . \"Thereis a renewedinterestin flying by Air India after they broughtD reamliner aircraftfor domesticoperations . Passengers get full meals , comprehensive in-flight entertainment and can reach their destination faster than low cost airlines which use smaller planes ,\" shesaid . Domestic flying is going to get a fillip when seven more such aircraft are procuredby Air India by the end of the year . Passengers flying from Chennai to destinations like Delhi, Madurai , Thiruvananthapuram , Kochi and Bangalore spend only slightly less for a low cost airline than a full service flight . A ChennaitoKochiflightby Jet Konnect cost 4,064 on September 28 ,while a seatby Air India costs only 3,959 . In the Chennai-Delhi route , a oneway ticket on Indigo or Spicejet costs 8,145 while the fare in AI's Dreamliner is 7,915 . Air india flew its Dreamliner into Chennai on Wednesday as a scheduled service from Delhi. The flight reached Chennai two hours after itleftDelhi,while some other planes take twoand-a-half hours . \"Cancellation is alsoeasy withfullservicecarriers .Tax component is higher than basefarein fullservicecarriers . So passengers get a good amountbackwhen a ticketis cancelled .But, asthetax component is less in LCC tickets, passengerslose money when they cancel ,\" saidP rema . After a crackdown by DGCA, low-cost carriers have preventedthespiralling of last-minute fares which usedtotouch 10,000for a onewayticket .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16501771", "title": "One more arrest in videographer murder", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A sharp shooter, involved in the murder of a city-based videographer on August 22 in Unit VI here was arrested on Thursday, taking the total number of arrests in the case to four.The accused, Chitaranjan Dalei (27), was hired by two men to eliminate Rakesh Kumar Nayak (25), alias Raka of Airfield area over previous enmity, DCP Nitinjeet Singh said. Police had earlier arrested the two men, who are brothers.Nayak was gunned down from close range near Banadurga temple in the evening, triggering panic in the area. Three bullets hit Nayak while he was talking with his friends. The miscreants vanished in darkness.\"Dalei is a history-sheeter. He was engaged by the two brothers to take revenge on Nayak, who also had criminal antecedents,\" Singh said. Police seized the revolver used in the offence and produced Dalei in court on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16498684", "title": "Engg students bag top slots in varsity", "text": "MOHALI: The batch of 2012 engineering students who graduated from Indo Global College of Engineering have bagged top 10 positions in the Punjab Technical University final examinations held this year. Ankush Norwal of Btech civil engineering has been placed first in the university merit list, followed by Amit Kumar , Navdeep Singh, Adil Mushtaq bagging the second, third and fourth positions, respectively.Other students who bagged top slots are Baljeet Singh, Sahil Sharma and Tanveer Ahmed of Btech civil engineering stream. Lovepreet Kaur from electronics and communication engineering got the first position in university followed by Harmanpreet getting the fourth position in the merit list. In Btech mechanical engineering Bhaskar Pandey of Indo Global College of Engineering bagged the 10th position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "16497615", "title": "Ganpati made of coral for women\u2019s empowerment", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: While women's empowerment is a popular theme at some Ganpati pandals in Raigad and Navi Mumbai, an interesting idol made of coral is in a Sector 19 Nerul home. Arati Chauhan (43), who resides in Om Balaji Krupa housing society, has created the idol of Singapore coral reef natural material.Around the idol, she has created a marine effect without using water. Fluorescent lighting has enhanced the design. Chauhan said she procured the coral from a shop selling fish tanks. An empowerment-themed pandal is at Alibaug's Adarsh Ganeshutsav Group. Here, life-size cutouts of prominent Indian women achievers are displayed. They include Olympic medalists Mary Kom and Saina Nehwal, former IPS officer Kiran Bedi, singer Lata Mangeshkar, astronaut Sunita Williams and social reformer Savitribai Phule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16501003", "title": "Allay fears on neutrino lab, VS tells Prime Minister", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan has written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asking him to allay fears regarding the proposed Indiabased neutrino observatory along the Kerala-Tamil Nadu border. In his letter, sent to the PM on Friday, VS has pointed out that the process of setting up the observatory was not transparent.\"There is no justification in handing over portions of the Kerala-Tamil Nadu border for nuclear experiments related to the Fermi Lab in the US. It is not ideal to conduct such an experiment in the vicinity of the Mullaperiyar Dam. Though the Tamil Nadu forest department was informed about the project, Kerala is unaware of it. The high power committee on Mullaperiyar and the Gadgil committee on Western Ghats are also in the dark about the project,\" the letter says. The opposition leader has also written to the chief minister requesting him to demand that the Union government stop the experiment till the public and the scientific community have debated the issue. \"If the state government is aware of the project, clarify the details,\" his letter to chief minister Oommen Chandy says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497678", "title": "Supreme Court issues notice to CBI, CVC and Centre on Air India scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday sought responses from the Centre, the CBI and the Central Vigilance Commission on a petition seeking probe by either the CBI or a special investigation team (SIT) into the functioning of the civil aviation ministry during 2004-2008.The Delhi High Court had turned down the petition. Hearing an appeal by NGO 'Centre for Public Interest Litigation', which said the Delhi HC had erred in not ordering a probe even after finding that \"all is not well\" with Air India, a bench of Justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad sought the response of the concerned agencies.The apex court's decision to entertain the petition on Air India scam, just a week after it agreed to take up a PIL on Coalgate, will add to the woes of a beleaguered UPA government reeling under political fire over corruption and price hike.Seeking either a CBI probe or an SIT investigation into the Air India scam, the petitioner through advocate Prashant Bhushan listed out four charges against the ministry -- \"purchase of 111 aircraft for Rs 70,000 crore to benefit foreign aircraft manufacturers; several aircraft taken on lease costing thousands of crores of rupees; bilateral rights given to foreign airlines without any reciprocal benefit to Air India; at the same time, Air India was asked to give up profitable routes and timings to benefit private airlines\".\"After all this, the ministry merged Air India and Indian Airlines. Air India, which was showing a profit of about Rs 100 crore (it did not have the capacity to purchase even a few aircraft) immediately went into huge losses, which increased every year to reach tens of thousands of crores of rupees,\" the petitioner alleged.\"All of the above actions and decisions ruined our national carriers, cost the exchequer huge amount of money and the only beneficiaries of the above decisions were foreign aircraft manufacturers, private and foreign airlines,\" it said.After being shown the reports of the parliamentary committee on transport, parliamentary committee on public undertakings and the Comptroller and Auditor General on June 1, the Delhi High Court was critical of several decisions of the ministry including aircraft acquisition but had refrained from issuing any direction to the government or Public Accounts Committee. However, the HC did outline several areas which needed special focus and fixing of accountability.It had said, \"The comments and critique by these expert bodies put a big question mark on the bona fides of the Aircraft Requisition Programme, the lease of aircraft, giving away profitable air routes to private airlines and retaining only loss making routes and even the unprofessional decision of merger of Indian Airlines and Air India. Prima facie it appears that 'all is not well'.\"dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16496851", "title": "Hit-and-run car which killed boy traced; driver goes missing", "text": "HYDERABAD: A car allegedly involved in a hit-and-run case at Shamshabad on Thursday was traced on Friday to the same locality. A 10-year-old boy was killed while his two friends were injured in the accident. The car driver, however, is still on the run.Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (RGIA) police said three boys - Ankush, Akash and Babu - were walking along with their cycle in Shamshabad on Thursday evening when an Alto car coming from behind hit them. \"Akash died on the spot. Ankush suffered serious head injuries while Babu lost his leg,'' RGIA sub-inspector N Jayram said. Ankush is in hospital in a critical condition. Police said the three boys were on their way to a local Sai Baba temple and took to walking after the chain of the cycle broke when the mishap occurred.Police said the Alto car bearing the registration number AP 28 MD 2721 sped from the location after knocking down the boys. It is learnt that the car was driven by a minor and it was traced to a house in Buchi Reddy Colony, Shamshabad. \"But the house was locked. We are on the lookout for the driver,'' police added. Akash was a student of Satyam Grammar School, Shamshabad, and his father Jithender works in a private factory at Aramghar.Police registered a case under Sections 304A (rash and negligent driving causing death) and 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kimin (arunachal pradesh)", "code": "16502710", "title": "No Chinese intrusion in Arunachal territory: ITBP", "text": "KIMIN (ARUNACHAL PRADESH): The Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) on Friday denied reports of Chinese intrusion into Arunachal Pradesh territory in the last two years.\"There is no report of such intrusion into Indian territory in the past two years,\" ITBP DG Ranjit Sinha said on Friday.\"The Sino-Indian border is peaceful and there are no hostile activities from either side,\" Sinha said in reply to a query on a media report on Chinese activities along the Line of Actual Control (LAC). He added that the Indian perception of the LAC was different from Beijing and there was no breach of trust between the two parties.\"Troops from both sides occasionally visit the LAC as a regular exercise to get themselves acquainted with the environment. We conduct border personnel meeting at regular intervals to develop trust and friendship between the neighbouring countries,\" he said.The ITBP, which was raised as a guerrilla-cum-intelligence-cum-fighting force in October 1962 in the wake of the Chinese aggression, presently has 50 battalions, out of which 20 are deployed on the India-China border.\"The force, which was converted to an armed force in 1976, is manning the 3,488 km Indo-Tibet border from Karakoram Pass in Ladakh to Jachep-La in Arunachal Pradesh at altitudes ranging between 9,000 and 18,700 feet,\" added Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16502145", "title": "Legal tangles add to state's quota woes", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Despite huge vacancies in different cadres, the Odisha government is finding it difficult to fill up the posts due to legal and constitutional tangles over fixing of reservation at 27% for the social and educationally backward (SEBC) classes.The Naveen Patnaik dispensation in 2008 enacted a legislation, the Orissa Reservation of Posts and Services (for socially and educationally backward classes) Act, fixing quota for SEBC in government jobs at 27%. Consequently, the total reservation in the state went up to 65.75%, with SC category getting 16.25% and ST accounting for 22.5%.However, the government has not succeeded in implementing 27% quota for SEBC (comparable to OBCs listed by the Centre) as its recruitment drives have repeatedly been challenged in different courts. \"The major ground for putting the government in the dock is that 27% reservation for SEBC results in the total reservation exceeding the Supreme Court's order to fix the reservation ceiling at 50 per cent,\" a senior officer said.As a result, recruitment to the Odisha Civil Services Examination has not taken place since 2006. In 2011, the Odisha Public Service Commission advertised for recruitment, but it was held up due to legal cases. \"Around 150 vacancies exist in Odisha Administrative Service. Out of 1,180 sanctioned posts of Odisha Revenue Service, only 200 are currently in position. But we are helpless and not able to fill those up,\" an officer said. Similar is the case with recruitment of assistant section officers in the Odisha Secretariat Service; 1,400 of the 1,900 sanctioned posts are lying vacant. The home department's attempt to fill up around 500 posts of sub inspector of police, deputy subedar, fire station officer, et al is also stuck in litigation although it has left 16% of the advertised posts vacant till issues pertaining to SEBC quota were resolved, sources added.\"Neither is the government willing to bring down quota for SEBC so that the total reservation does not cross the 50 per cent limit nor is anybody challenging the legality of the Act fixing 27% for SEBC. All cases so far are limited to recruitment for certain jobs; nobody has challenged the Act in toto,\" an officer said, explaining the crisis.Last week, the state administrative tribunal noted that such matter could be adjudicated appropriately if the vires of the Act was questioned. To overcome the problem, it suggested the state government to either approach the Centre for inclusion of the Act in the 9th Schedule of the Constitution or to cap the reservation within 50 per cent in tune with the apex court's decision.\"The government is taking steps to include the Act in the 9th Schedule of the Constitution to save it from being challenged in a court of law,\" ST and SC development minister L B Himrika recently told the Assembly. He admitted though it is over three years since the law got the governor's assent, the state government was yet to frame rules for the Act. \"Government will frame appropriate rules after the Act gets into the fold of 9th Schedule,\" he added. Officials said getting the Act into the 9th Schedule was a difficult proposition, which meant the problem would linger.To the other option to cap the reservation within 50%, officials said the Centre had no problem in giving 27 per cent to OBC because it provides 15% to ST and 7.5 per cent to SC categories, keeping the total quota within 50 per cent. But Odisha's case was different as the SC and ST population was much higher than the combined national average of 22.5%. \"Reservation for SC and ST categories is statutory and fixed on pro rata basis. Hence, tweaking it might not be constitutionally tenable,\" an officer said, adding, \"To keep the total reservation at 50%, SEBC quota has to be decreased to 11.25%. But that is a decision the government is reluctant to take because it is fraught with lot of political risks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16446995", "title": "Middle age now begins at 55", "text": "Middle age starts at the age of 55, much later than what was previously thought, a new study suggests .According to the survey of 1,000 UK adults aged 50-plus for the Love to Learn online learning website, Britons do not see themselves as elderly until they are nudging 70, the BBC reported.Previous studies have pinpointed the start of middle age as early as 36.The research suggests that as the population ages, new cut-off points are being drawn.According to official national data, there are now more adults over 65 than there are under-16s, the report said.Although seven out of 10 early 50-somethings quizzed for the survey defined themselves as middle-aged, the average age at which the period of life was perceived to start was 54 years and 347 days old.However, a sizeable minority, nearly one in five, thought middle age did not begin until after the age of 60.But almost one in five (19 per cent) said that being middle age is a state of mind, rather than something that begins at a certain age, the report said.The research also asked the panel at what age they thought middle age ends. The average came in at 69 years and 277 days.This suggests middle age itself now spans 14 years and goes well beyond the government's planned state pension age of 66, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16496560", "title": "Holding was unmatchable: Imran Khan", "text": "MUMBAI: Imran Khan and the maker of 'Fire in Babylon', Steven Riley, happen to be friends. The former Pakistan captain, therefore, has been taking keen interest in the movie and reminiscing the good old days of West Indies cricket, an era in which Khan also played his cricket. He spoke to TOI from Karachi about the movie, what he likes about it, what he doesn't, and the ongoing WT20 in Sri Lanka .Excerpts...Does 'Fire in Babylon' do justice to West Indies cricket of 70s and 80s?From what I saw in the movie, I'd say it was a period that definitely needed to be registered. However, I would've liked to see more. West Indies of that time was one of the greatest teams ever. It wasn't just one or two aspects of their cricket that made them special. It was a combination of great cricketers playing under an outstanding skipper and the manner in which they set out to dominate the world that made them special.The movie concentrates a lot on the bowling...Well, that's because they were and still happen to be the most fascinating subject that cricket fans want to watch and understand. They were all match winners, Holding and Marshal particularly. But the interesting thing is that while they had four bowlers on the field at all times, terrorising batsmen, two good bowlers would always be sitting outside, waiting for their turn. That showed the overall strength of the unit they had at their disposal. Teams facing them would often find themselves feeling ridiculed for not being able to handle their pace and precision.The pace did a lot more than just stopping the batsmen from scoring runs...Yes , the hurt it caused. But I think that part of the movie has been dramatised too much. Look, they were fast bowlers. Genuinely fast with relentless pace. And if a batsman wasn't technically prepared to face them then he was bound to get hurt. During that time, except for India, almost every Test nation had one or two genuinely fast bowlers. Australia had Lillee and Thomson and they were equally dangerous, if not more. So overall I think the bowlers deliberately causing the batsmen injury and pain was a little exaggerated.Your favourite West Indian picks from that era..Vivian Richards is the best batsman I ever saw. Among the fast bowlers, Holding was unmatchable at his peak and then Marshal. They were very good at what they did.The World Twenty20 is happening. Your favourite?Frankly, I haven't really been following Twenty20. Midway through the tournament I'll be able to say something. But from whatever little I've seen, it's as much a bowler's game as a batsman's. Any team lacking in its attack is bound to suffer in this format. I can't say who is a favourite to win but certainly any team with a good bowling attack will be in race.\"I feel, T20 is as much a bowler's game as a batsman's\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16498434", "title": "Fuel loading starts at Kudankulam nuclear power plant", "text": "CHENNAI: Loading of uranium fuel in the first unit of the Kudankulam nuclear power plant started on Wednesday, the Vinayaka Chaturthi day, as the controversial project took a major step towards becoming operational. The Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) had given its final clearance for loading fuel on Tuesday night.\"Fuel loading has started and it will take at least 10 days for the process to be completed,\" said a Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL) official. Each of the two Russian-made VVER reactors in the plant is capable of generating 1,000MW power.\"The nod for loading uranium-235 fuel was given on Tuesday and the plant authorities must have started loading the next day. There is nothing that could have stopped them from loading fuel in the first unit,\" AERB chief S S Bajaj told TOI from Vienna. The loading process was started without any publicity as per advice from central and state governments.The fuel supplied by Russia was moved to the reactor room by scientists last week. Apart from an AERB team, NPCIL officials and Russian engineers witnessed the crucial event, the last major step before commissioning of the plant. Officials from the International Atomic Energy Agency are likely to visit the plant before the reactor vessel is closed after loading fuel, NPCIL sources said.Once the fuel loading is complete, the AERB will give clearance for closing the reactor vessel and it would take another 10-15 days for the unit to attain criticality, when power generation will start, said an NPCIL official.The unit is likely to be synchronised with the power grid by October-end. Though plant officials are confident of meeting the deadline, there are apprehensions as the Russian reactor is the first of its kind in the country and it may take some more time to fully operationalise the unit.The AERB had given its approval for loading fuel on August 11, but laid stringent conditions to be fulfilled before beginning the process. \"After the nod, we also sent a team of officials to give clearance, if required, then and there,\" said Bajaj. The project, which has faced several problems since being launched, finally cleared the legal hurdles when the Madras high court and later the Supreme Court refused to stop loading of fuel.This is the first time that a nuclear reactor capable of generating 1,000 MW is being operationalised in the country. As of now, the biggest operational reactors in India are the two 540MW reactors at Tarapur in Maharashtra. All other reactors are smaller in size. The Russian abbreviation VVER stands for water-cooled, water-moderated energy reactor. Apart from Russia, China also has similar reactors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "16499447", "title": "Bihar's handball team leaves for Tripura", "text": "NAWADA: The 16-member state handball team (men's), after a week-long training at Nawada, were seen off by the Nawada DDC Ramji Singh on Friday for Tripura where they will be participating at the eastern zone competition with eight states from September 26 to 28.The 16-member state team consists of 7 players from Nawada including Kanak Kumar, an international handball player, besides 4 players drawn from the Bihar police, three from the Bihar Youth and Culture Centre and one each from Bhojpur and Siwan.The week-long training was imparted by state coach Ram Ayodhya Ram at Nawada Harishchandra Stadium grounds and organized by the Nawada Handball Association co-ordinator Shrawan Burnwal. The Bihar handball team was runners up in the World Handball competition held in Bangladesh in 2010.Incidentally, among the 16 member women state handball team, four are from Nawada alone while the rest belong to Siwan, Bhagalpur, Vaishali, Sheikhpura and Saran districts. Handball is the world's second fastest game after ice hockey, informed the coach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16502154", "title": "Byaah Hamari Bahoo Ka takes a dramatic turn!", "text": "The much talked about show Byaah Hamari Bahoo Ka on Sony Entertainment Television is all set to unfold one of the biggest twists with Rajnibala's re - marriage. In the upcoming episodes, Rajnibala (Shrenu Parikh) will turn a shade negative. Yes, you heard it right!In last night's episode, Rajnibala blames Krish ( Gaurav Khanna) for her sister Shikha's (Menu Panchal) mental and physical condition and even convinces everyone that Krish married her sister Shikha (who is Rajni's younger sister). To back the allegations, Rajni comes up with proofs against Krish that he dated and cheated her sister and left her alone at the magistrate's office on the day of their marriage. However in spite of all proofs Krish denies it and says he does not even recognize Shikha.Krish will be blamed for playing foul with Shikha (Rajni's younger sister) in the past. Shikha is brought in front of Krish and this shocks Krish to no end. Rajni then blames him and accuses him for Shikha's paralysis. Shikha who was once deeply in love with Krish was shocked to know that Krish had absolutely no feeling s for her and was just playing with Shikha's feelings. Krish is blamed for being heartless when he leaves Shikha unattended in the middle of the forest and this affects Shikha's mental stability drastically and leaves her paralyzed.Will Krish be trapped in a vicious circle and has Rajnibala married Krish to take revenge on him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16499139", "title": "Indian diplomatic bags stolen in UK", "text": "LONDON: In a security breach, three Indian diplomatic bags containing 6,000 visa stickers have been stolen in London during transit from the airport to the Indian High Commission.The High Commission was informed on September 3 that four Category 'B' diplomatic bags, including three bags that contained 6,000 visa stickers, had been stolen during transit from the Heathrow airport to India House in Aldwych, central London. The fourth stolen bag contained stationery items, a High Commission spokesperson said.\"On that day, in total 27 bags were received. Out of which, 25 bags contained 50,000 visa stickers. They were being transported from Heathrow Airport by the clearing agent, who handles 'B' and 'C' category diplomatic bags of the High Commission,\" the spokesperson said.As soon as the incident came to notice, the High Commission informed authorities in India, and \"suitable action\" was taken to prevent any misuse of visa stickers, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16501718", "title": "HDMC spruces up Unkal Park, forgets to desilt lake", "text": "Hubli: Unkal Lake is in the eye of a storm with HDMC yet to desilt it. Environmentalists and visitors are fuming as the government had spent crores for its beautification with the intention of making it a popular spot. People, who come here for picnics have been complaining of bad smell emanating from the lake due to the huge pile of silt. When the water from Unkal lake was being used for drinking purpose, the HDMC used to desilt it regularly. A few months ago, the Lake park was developed at Rs 8 crore, but the HDMC conveniently forgot to desilt it. Raju Hajare, member of the Ulavi Chennabasavanna Temple Committee and a resident of Unkal, said that the lake has not been desilted since over two decades. \"The accumulation of silt has affected the lake's water storage capacity also,\" he adds. Another problem is immersion of Ganesha idols in the lake even though there is a well for immersion on the banks of the lake. The drainage from Navanagar area flows into the lake in the absence of proper underground drainage (UGD) connection, messing up the lake further. Swami Vivekananda's statue in the centre of the lake is surrounded with weeds and hyacinth. \"Unkal Lake garden has been beautified, but the lake is not maintained properly,\" said Rajesh of Hospet who had come to see the park. Speaking to TOI, Mukund Maigur, environmentalist said, \"The Vivekananda statue must be maintained. It is the responsibility of HDMC and the people to protect Unkal Lake.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500346", "title": "Cheating case against 3 bishops, ex-judge", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tirunelveli police have registered a cheating case against three CSI bishops in Tirunelveli and Tuticorin and a retired district judge for allegedly swindling several crores of rupees from a trust. Based on a complaint by Bala Singh, principal of the Bishop Sargent Teacher Training Institute, which was founded in 1818, the Palayamkottai police registered a case against the Tirunelveli CSI diocese bishop Rev J J Christudoss, Tuticorin CSI diocese bishop Rev J A D Jebachandran , a former Tirunelveli CSI diocese bishop Rev Jayapaul David, Tirunelveli CSI diocese treasurer Selvin Jayaraj, Tuticorin CSI diocese treasurer Samuel Selvaraj and retired district judge Retinaraj, a synod member, who has been appointed as the financial administrator for the Tirunelveli CSI diocese. Police registered a case under IPC Sections 406 (punishment for criminal breach of trust), 420 (cheating), 464 (making a false document) and 465 (punishment for forgery). Tirunelveli police commissioner Karunasagar said, \"We have registered a case based on a court direction. We will pursue the case further.\" The complainant has accused the former Bishop and the present Bishops of conniving with each other and bifurcating the diocese into two, which was against the Company Law. \"We maintain elaborate and meticulous records,\" Tirunelveli CSI diocese Bishop Rev J J Christudoss said. He said the records were proper and there were no malpractices. \"Every year we send our account details to the central government through CSI. This year also we had sent it and there was no flaw in the records,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16499261", "title": "HC acquits Patiala jail superintendent from contempt charges", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday acquitted Patiala Central Jail superintendent L S Jakhar, who had refused to hang Balwant Singh Rajoana, assassin of former Punjab chief minister Beant Singh, from the charges of contempt of court.Contempt of court proceedings against Jakhar were initiated by HC after hearing a reference from additional district and sessions judge, Chandigarh, Shalini Singh Nagpal.While discharging Jakhar from the case, a division bench headed by Justice Surya Kant observed that the jail superintendent had submitted an unconditional apology before the district court and the high court.In her reference sent to the high court, Nagpal had sought action against the jail official, informing that the warrants of execution of Rajoana's death sentence were sent to Jakhar on March 5, but he refused to execute the warrants and returned them, giving the reason that Patiala jail had no territorial jurisdiction to execute the same.Giving reasons for not obeying the execution orders, Jakhar had citied some apex court judgments, according to which jail superintendent is bound to check the status of case and appeals pertaining to any case, where execution of death sentence has been issued to him for some accused. He had also cited some jurisdictional problem in executing Rajoana at Patiala.A special CBI court held inside Chandigarh's Burail jail had awarded death sentence to Rajoana and Jagtar Singh Hawara on August 1, 2007. While three other accused -- Lakhwinder Singh, Gurmeet Singh and Shamsher Singh -- were sentenced to life imprisonment for hatching conspiracy. Later, the death sentence of Hawara was commuted to life sentence in October 2010 by the Punjab and Haryana high court, but Rajoana had refused to appeal against the death sentence and the same was also confirmed by the high court.However, Rajoana's death sentence was stayed on March 28 with the intervention of the Union home ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16502087", "title": "Paris Hilton apologises to gay community", "text": "Paris Hilton has issued an apology after an audio appeared online where she referred to homosexuals as \"disgusting\" and said that \"most of them probably have AIDS.\"The millionaire heiress was unaware that her conversation about gays with a friend was being taped by a taxi driver.Hilton admitted that she was \"so sorry\" for her comments that could have offended anyone.\"As anyone close to me knows, I always have been and always will be a huge supporter of the gay community,\" the Mirror quoted her as saying.\"I am so sorry and so upset that I caused pain to my gay friends , fans and their families with the comments heard this morning.\"Gay people are the strongest and most inspiring people I know. I hope that everyone can accept my apology and know that it is not who I am or how I feel in any way,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "16498518", "title": "BJP ex-minister, 25 others join Congress in Uttarakhand", "text": "DEHRADUN: Within months of an electoral defeat in Uttarakhand, the BJP received a huge setback ahead of the Tehri Lok Sabha bypoll on October 10 when Matbar Singh Kandari, a minister in the erstwhile BS Khanduri government, resigned from the party along with 25 other office-bearers to join the Congress.Kandari and others switched loyalty to Congress by enrolling themselves as primary members of the party in presence of the PCC chief Yashpal Arya and Uttarakhand chief minister Vijay Bahuguna at a public meeting at parade ground on Friday.The public meeting was organized by Uttarakhand Congress to garner support for its candidate Saket Bahuguna, the eldest son of Vijay Bahuguna, for the Lok Sabha bypoll in Tehri.Kandari served as cabinet minister during the erstwhile BJP rule for five years from 2002 to 2007, resigned from the party as he was unhappy due to the denial of a BJP ticket to his son Rajiv Kandari from Sahaspur assembly seat during the assembly polls in January this year.Kandari, who had won as BJP candidate for two consecutive assembly polls in 2002 and 2007 from Rudrapryag, lost to Congress candidate Harak Singh Rawat in the 2012 polls.Addressing the public meeting, CM Bahuguna and Yashpal Arya welcomed Kandari and others for joining the Congress party. \"Congress will benefit from the long political career of Kandari and others in enlarging the support base of the party in different constituencies of Uttarakhand,\" Bahuguna said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16502007", "title": "West's sex tape with Kardashian lookalike", "text": "With both Kanye West and Kim Kardashian having a sex tape of their own, the pair could be the first celebrity couple to have had X-rated videos of their own made public.Meanwhile, the rapper has been very vocal about how proud he is of Kardashian's sex tape with Ray J, which launched her \"career\" in 2007.According to Radar Online, the rapper recorded a 20-minute sex romp with an unknown 18-year-old girl before dating Kim.According to an insider, \"the sex tape is being shopped right now and there's a lot of interest.\"Apparently West's co-star in the video, who says at the start of the \"film\" that she's married, looks just like the reality star.A source said that West is \"freaking out\" and does not want the video to hit the market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16498793", "title": "Govt to frame fare chart model", "text": "KOLKATA: Stung by the recently-concluded transport strike, the state government is planning to set up a commission to fix fares of buses, taxis and autos.The chief minister has asked the transport department to frame strict laws which can prevent frequent disruptions by transport operators. The government is also contemplating a law against strike vandalism.Once the new transport law comes into effect, the state can cancel the permit of an operator and transfer it to a new operator the government selects through tender.\"Because of the decontrolling of petroleum and subsidy cut on diesel, the price of fuel will be largely determined by the ups and downs of the international crude oil price. Taking into account the fluctuations, such changes will be quite frequent. So far, there has not been any mechanism to raise the fare or to reduce it on the basis of the rise or fall in fuel price. The government is hence thinking about a regulatory commission so that these nagging issues can be resolved scientifically,\" said a senior transport department officer.Another officer said since the fare is most often not based on straight calculations, the government does not have a solid logic to counter the bus-operators' claim. \"The transport department does not conduct any study to check whether the operators'claims are reasonable. The commission will develop a mathematical model for fare structure of public transport,\" the officer added.Mamata Banerjee gave out a strong message to operators: \"Hoye korun, noye shorun (either get it done or move out).\" She told the transport operators that they stood the risk of losing their permits if they went on frequent strikes. The government will also issue 1000 more permits for private operators, the CM added.The transport operators, however, expressed unhappiness over the proposed stringent law. \"None of us have come here to call a strike. We are not politicians. A day lost in strike hits us more than it hits anybody else. We do it only when it becomes completely unviable. We, of course, wanted regulatory commission. If that comes in place, a lot of our issues will be resolved amicably,\" said Joint Council of Bus Syndicates' joint secretary Tapan Banerjee.After burning finger in the bandh-fire, the state government is planning to bring about a transport regulatory commission to determine fare of public transport like bus, taxi and auto. The commission will be in the line of regulatory commission in sectors like power and telecom. Already, the Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has asked the transport department to enact stringent legislation to stop frequent disruptions by transport operators. She also said that her government is also contemplating legislation against vandalism during strikes.By the new law, the state government can cancel permit of an operator and transfer it to a new operator the government chooses through tender.The transport sector in West Bengal is being dominated by the private players. The government buses only share a miniscule percentage of the total passengers. Three day bus-strike with the demand of fare hike once more proved: if private buses go on strike, the transport sector just collapsed. This strike has enraged the commuters. Reacting to this collective rage of commuters, Mamata Banerjee clearly said that the state just cannot allow such collapse of this emergency service.\"Because of the decontrolling of petroleum and subsidy cut on diesel, the price of fuel will be largely determined by the ups and downs of the international crude oil price. Taking into account the fluctuations, such changes will be quite frequent. So far, there has not been any mechanism in place to raise the fare or to reduce it on the basis of the fuel price rise or reduction. So the government is thinking about a regulatory commission very seriously so that these nagging issues can be resolved scientifically, with least heart-burns,\" said a senior transport department officer.Mamata Banerjee said, \"Hoye korun, noye shorun (either get it done; or move out),\" She told the transport operators adding that they stood the risk of losing their permits if they went on frequent strikes. She also said that the government would also issue 1000 more permits for private operators. She said that bus operators must behave responsibly as their trade is not merely a trade but an emergency services.So far, there has not been any method in place to determine the fare of buses and taxis. The fare is most often an outcome of negotiation between the transport operators and the transport department. Since the fare is most often not based on a straight calculations, the government does not have a solid logic to counter the bus-operators' claim. The transport department does not conduct any study to check whether the operators'claims are reasonable or not. The regulatory commission would develop a mathematical model for fare-structure of public transport, said another officer.However, the transport operators expressed unhappiness over the proposed stringent enactment. \"None of us has come here to call strike. We are not politician. A day lost in strike hits us more than it hits anybody else. We do it only when it becomes completely unviable. We, of course, wanted regulatory commission. If that comes in place, a lot of our issues will be resolved amicably,\" said joint council of bus syndicates joint secretary Tapan Banerjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16501540", "title": "Treatment package for Alzheimer\u2019s patients soon", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government will develop and implement a comprehensive treatment package for Alzheimer's patients, said health and family welfare minister V S Sivakumar at a function organised to observe the World Alzheimer's Day here on Friday.He said the health department will work with the Kerala State Council for Science, Technology and Environment (KSCSTE) and organisations such as the Alzheimer's and Related Disorders Society of India ( ARDSI) to integrate medication, care and other services into a comprehensive package aimed specifically at people suffering from the debilitating mental condition.\"We are already providing healthcare services for the aged by way of schemes such as the National Programme for Health Care for the Elderly at general hospitals in five districts. While we intend to expand the 'elderly clinics' to other districts, we realize that Alzheimer's sufferers and their families require special attention,\" Sivakumar said.Conditions such as dementia are no longer age-linked. It is distressing to see people who have made significant contributions to our society rendered helpless by Alzheimer's. The disease takes a toll on everyone, especially families that have to care for the patients, he said.The minister said the state government plans to extend its Pain and Palliative Care Centre's, currently functioning in 400 panchayats, to all panchayats across the state.The minister also released the World Alzheimer's Report 2012 compiled by the UK-based Alzheimer's Disease International (ADI) at the function organized by KSCSTE. The latest report deals specifically with tackling the misconceptions and stigma associated with dementia.In his presidential address, MLA K Muraleedharan noted that in the absence of any known cure for Alzheimer's, biggest sufferers are often the care givers who struggle to cope with the deteriorating condition of the patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16502860", "title": "Cauvery row may hit Dasara rush", "text": "Mysore: Early this month when there was tension over Karnataka releasing Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu, some apprehensive tourists called up the Mysore Zoo and asked whether the facility was open. They wanted to know whether it was safe to travel to Mysore. As the city gears up for Dasara, the flagship festival of Karnataka, the stakeholders in the tourism sector are worried. Reason: Karnataka locking horns with TN over sharing of water. Dasara tourists account for some 30% of the visitors. An official said that Dasara was one of the major seasons when tourists flock to Mysore. Given the tension, it could deter them from coming here, he explained. Zoo Authority of Karnataka chairman M Nanjundaswamy said: \"Naturally, visitors will think twice before hitting Mysore.\" This is the cause of worry for the tourism sector for there is a correlation between the tourist flow and the Cauvery crisis. On an average, the zoo receives 8,000 tourists per day during peak season which is 2.40 lakh a month. In 2002 when the row over sharing of water peaked in September, the tourist flow came down drastically to 38,227. During 2011-12, the zoo received 30,33,032 visitors. For the record, the zoo has registered the highest number of visitors during Dasara. On October 6, 2011, the zoo received 29,352 people when the city hosted the Dasara procession. Travel agents from across India are getting ground reports from their counterparts here while there are few cancellations of bookings too. There are not many advance bookings for hotels either, part of which is attributed to the Cauvery crisis. The bookings have not picked up and the occupancy rate is low this time. There were cancellations of reservations too, M Rajendra, president, Mysore Hotel Owners' Association, said. Usually one month ahead of the Dasara festival, the bookings start briskly. This is not so this time because there is hardly any publicity and also because of Cauvery protests. \"We support the farmers' cause. If the row is not settled amicably, it will affect Kannadigas,\" he stated. The city's economy will be affected too, he said. Ahead of Dasara festival when chief minister Jagadish Shettar said it'll be scaled down given drought in the state, there were angry voices from the tourism sector. Cancellation of big-ticket Yuva Dasara was a dampener. The latest tension is now forcing travellers to reconsider their visit, said BS Prashanth, president, Mysore Travel Agents' Association. It is early to say that we'll have less tourists this season. But if the tension continues, it will affect the tourist flow, said TS Subramany, deputy director, Mysore Palace Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16498951", "title": "No, says top cop who has filed six of 10 cases against MLA", "text": "MARGAO: South Goa SP Allen de Sa on Friday rubbished allegations made against him by Nuvem MLA Franscisco 'Mickky' Pacheco.\"Let me make it clear, I do not have a Portuguese passport or a BI (Bilhete de Identidade that is issued by the Portuguese consulate in Goa),\" de Sa told reporters.He said he was in no way protecting matka bookkeepers in South Goa either.\"Mickky called me recently and told me that he wanted all matka activities stopped. I told him that all such activities were already stopped. I told him not to ask me to start such activities again. Was this wrong?\" asked de Sa. He showed reporters the repeated written instructions he had issued to PSIs, PIs, DySps and SPDOs acroAss the district. He said he had also responded to all matka complaints and that records substantiated this.The SP said that Pacheco's outburst against him had to do with the suspension of Verna PI Edwin Colaco. He pointed out that DGP Kishan Kumar had issued the order after confirming with police records that Colaco was guilty of dereliction of duty.Asked if he had been the SP during the infamous Nadia Torrado suicide case that saw Pacheco lose his ministership and serve time in jail, de Sa said no. He pointed out that he had filed six of the 10 criminal cases against Pacheco. In one, Pacheco has been convicted for slapping a electricity department official. His appeal hearing is under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "play ", "code": "16501589", "title": "Theatre Review:Chairs", "text": "Play : Chairs (English) Director : Asijit Datta Duration : 70 minutes Cast : Arnab, Dipanwita, Anindya Rating 4 It's never easy to stage works of a dramatist who believed in 'theatre of violence \u2014 violently comic, violently dramatic'.The thought of getting it right might seem particularly impossible when the title of the play is based on one of the most commonplace objects \u2014 incapable of any violence \u2014 chairs! But a handful of young but extremely able legs support this Hypokrites production, inspired by Eugene Ionesco's absurdist work Les Chaises or Chairs, which plays around with the theme of absence. Writer-director Asijit Datta confronts the challenges posed by absurd drama upfront by utilizing the disjointed forces of the genre to weave in a subtle message at the end of the play. Chairs revolves around a married couple, Bojor and Fjader (meaning 'shackles' and 'feather'), who feel suffocated in their routine life and seek refuge in a world of fantasy they create through their assumptions, discussions, collisions and consequent declarations. As the play progresses, they lay out chairs for an invisible audience as they prepare to welcome an orator who would deliver the message of sanity to mankind.The hero of this play is Arnab Basu as Bojor. With his body language, dialogue delivery and deft use of the stage, he reminds you of a Feste or Touchstone \u2014 endearingly incredible. Although Dipanwita Chatterjee is more about dramatic facial expressions and hand gestures, she touches a chord as Fjader. Anindya Sain as the orator, who ironically is deaf and mute, ends the play with his sound act.The dialogues, written by Datta, play a role in themselves as they invoke \u2014 and also provoke \u2014 the audience to go beyond the verbose sentences. The play draws amply from the Bible to depict the rise and fall of humanity \u2014 traversing a journey from Christ's sacrifice to the consequent wars around the world in the name of religion. The scene in which Bojor bravely but mournfully twists some lines of the prayer to say, \"Give us this day our daily bread... and clothes, and soup... and forgive us our trespasses, as we don't forgive those who trespass against us,\" is hard hitting. The colours black and white have been used on stage \u2014 in costumes, curtains, and of course, chairs \u2014 to conjure a believable fantasy. Although it's hardly rickety in its narrative \u2014 except for maybe the music, which should have had a stronger impact \u2014 Chair(s) moves you, and for once, it's not the other way round.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500173", "title": "Man dies of excess drinking", "text": "Chennai: A 25-year-old man died at a resort off East Coast Road on Thursday night due to excessive consumption of liquor, police said. There were no external injuries on his body, they said. Thyagarajan of Kabilan Nagar in Tiruvallur came to the resort to celebrate afriend's birthday. He vomited and collapsed after consuming liquor. He was taken to a hospital in Sholinganallur where he died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16501628", "title": "Ganpati Utsav: Celebrations multiply on the third day of the festival", "text": "Kanpur: On the third day of the Ganpati Utsav, celebrations multiplied with the special Haldi-Kumkum Puja performed at various pandals, which has special significance during the festival. However, the rush at Pandals is very high since the first day but the organisers of the Ganesh Puja believe that the ornamentally decorated pandals with huge Ganesh idols will for sure attract a large number of devotees.This year Ganpati has arrived at every nook and corner of the city. Some worth mentioning Pandals are set-up at localities like Kakadeo, Swaroop Nagar, Kidwai Nagar, Govind Nagar, Kalyanpur, Lal Bangla, Rail Bazar, Birhana Road, Shiwala, Ram Naraina Bazar, Baradevi, Saket Nagar to name a few.For Marathis residing in the city, the fesival has a sentimental attachment. The city-based Marathis believe that this year, the city has turned into Mini-Mumbai. \"It feels like our city has become Mumbai where Ganpati is being worshipped by one and all\", said Gaytri Padgaonkar, a local of the city.This year, the different forms of Ganesh idols have attracted everbody's attention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497734", "title": "President appoints Chief Justices for three states", "text": "NEW DELHI: The President on Friday appointed Chief Justices for the three High Courts of Delhi, Kerala and Punjab &amp; Haryana.Justice Darmar Murugesan was appointed as the CJ of Delhi HC, while Justice Manjula Chellur was appointed CJ of Kerala HC and Justice Arjan Kumar Sikri as CJ of Punjab &amp; Haryana HC.Prior to his appointment, Justice Murugesan was a Judge of Madras HC, while Justice Manjula Chellur was a Judge of Kerala HC and Justice Arjan Kumar Sikri was a Judge of Delhi HC.The new appointments will be effective from the date the Justices will assume charge of their respective office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16498709", "title": "1 killed, 2 injured in head-on collision", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a head-on collision, a 25-year-old MBA student at a college in Landra, Gagandeep Singh was killed and pillion rider Arwinder Singh injured near Sector 39 on Thursday night.Gagandeep and Arwinder were driving without helmets when an \"speeding\" auto driven by Sant Ram hit them. Driver Ram was also injured in the accident.The incident took place around 10.50pm when the motorcyclists were going towards Mohali from Sector 38 and the auto was coming from Sector 56. Deceased was a resident of Ballomajra village in Mohali.Police sources said both youths were rushed to Government Multi-specialty Hospital (GMH) in Sector 16 with critical injuries. Gagandeep succumbed to his injuries while Arwinder was discharged after preliminary treatment, sources added.In his statement to police, Ram claimed, \"Motorcycle was on high speed.\"Sector-39 police station SHO Charanjit Singh said, \"A case of death due to negligent driving has been registered against auto driver Ram.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16499578", "title": "Communal harmony marks Vinayaka idol immersion", "text": "TRICHY: A much-awaited third day procession of Vinayaka Chathurthi festival followed by the immersion of idols passed off peacefully with a rousing reception from leaders from all religions in Trichy later in the evening on Friday. Moreover, thousands of devotees were in a jubilant mood as the water from Mettur dam reached Cauvery on Thursday itself.In an initiative to ensure communal harmony, the city police led by commissioner Shailesh Kumar Yadav, for the first time, organized a warm reception to the processions at Gandhi Market area in the evening. Religious leaders from the Muslim, Christian and Hindu communities participated enthusiastically by distributing sweets. It was a move that surprised all as it happened for the first time in Trichy.Arrangements were made on Cauvery Bridge from where the idols were immersed in the river.Vinayaka Chathurthi fever caught up in Trichy a month ago with the preparation of colourful idols of Lord Vinayaka. Meanwhile, the festival organisers were also locking horns as some of them felt that the immersion on a Friday was inauspicious. With strict orders from the city police commissioner to take up the procession and immersion on Friday, this year's Chathurthi celebrations came to a peaceful end on Friday.The police decided to impose a cut-off in the number of committees and allowed 174 committees to take part in the procession and immersion. Yadav did not allow increasing of the number of committees as permitted last year. He suggested that the new committees join the nearest committees. Traffic diversions came into effect from Friday evening to ensure peaceful and congestion-free procession. The police ordered the organisers to start the procession by 4 pm, but the commencement was delayed by half an hour. The organisers were told to complete the immersion by 11 pm on Friday. A large posse of police personnel were deployed for security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16500430", "title": "City BJP leader files complaint against PM in coalgate scam", "text": "COIMBATORE: A Bharatiya Janata Party leader on Friday lodged a complaint at B3 Police Station (Kattur) in Coimbatore against Prime Minister Manmohan Singh alleging his complicity in the allocation of 142 coal blocks in an arbitrary and irregular manner that caused a loss of Rs. 1.86 lakh crore to the treasury. Party youth wing Yuva Morcha's all India executive committee member A P Muruganandam filed the FIR as part of a nation wide move targeting the Prime Minister.In the written complaint, the BJP leader had alleged that the Prime Minister, in his capacity as the then coal minister, adopted dubious process to enable people close to him to benefit from allotment of coal blocks. The allotment process adopted by the Prime Minister indicated his collusion in the scam and his 'corrupt' conduct, he said.Muruganandam, an engineering graduate with an MBA, further alleged that the central government had prepared a draft proposal on June 28, 2004, for competitive bidding of coal blocks, but a decision on it was delayed as notification in this regard could be implemented only in February 2, 2012 through an ordinance.The UPA government deliberately wasted eight years in enacting legislation for competitive bidding of coal blocks so that people close to the government and ineligible industrialists could be allotted coal blocks, the BJP leader alleged. During these eight years, the government allotted 142 coal blocks to friends, businessmen, relatives and children of ministers, he said. The people allotted the blocks did not extract coal but artificially enhanced the valuation of their blocks or made huge profit by selling their blocks, the BJP leader said.The station in-charge has accepted the petition for scrutiny and further verification. A receipt was issued to Muruganandam, who reached the station at around 10.30 am on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16499524", "title": "Dark days ahead for Trichy residents", "text": "TRICHY: Residents in Trichy are fretting at the longer duration of power cuts ranging from 10 to 13 hours a day. The unscheduled power cuts have infuriated residents, particularly as the quarterly exams are underway. Inverters too are rendered useless as they are not able to retain enough power for an emergency.The Trichy District Consumer Movement passed a resolution on September 17 urging the government to do away with the unscheduled as well as nocturnal power cuts. The South Indian Consumer Protection Association too passed a resolution in its executive committee meeting on September 19 and underlined the need to protect the interests of at least the students. \"We understand the predicament of the government, but it cannot wash its hands off the issue. It must take efforts to buy power from other states to rectify the situation,\" said the association's executive president, M Muthusamy.The sharpest criticism of the government came from the Federation of Consumer and Service Organizations that convened an urgent meeting on Friday and expressed their \"grave anguish at the failure of the government in supplying electricity as announced.\" The present government came to power after denouncing the previous government for the deplorable power situation and promised to set it right. But even after 18 months, no improvement in the power sector is noticed, the resolution said. Chairman of the meeting M Sekaran warned that wind energy would reduce in the near future. Focusing his attention on consumers in Chennai who received a 23-hour power supply, Sekaran said that the government should treat all corporation consumers equally.Trichy chief engineer O T Annadurai further told TOI that the windmills produced as low as 321 MW on the morning of September 20 and it peaked to 2798 at 6.55pm on the same day. He further said that the production of wind energy would dwindle to a point of nil by October and the next full-fledged production would resume only in June next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16501759", "title": "Intel: 98% of internet servers run on our architecture", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chipmaker Intel will focus on tapping the emerging markets where it has witnessed an 18% growth rate.Stating that 85% of the world population is in emerging markets, Greg Pearson, Vice President, General Manager, Worldwide Sales &amp; Operations Group, Intel said \"Intel is very committed to emerging markets as a whole.\"Pearson was delivering a talk titled 'Emerging markets- the next wave of growth for Intel' at 'Conversations' - the first ever Annual One Intel Summit in New Delhi on Friday.He noted that a rising middle class populations in countries like India -- where Intel has been investing since 1988 -- were fuelling the increasing spend on consumer electronics.\"People are willing to spend more on IT devices,\" said Pearson.Pearson felt the low PC penetration rate in India -- which stands at 3-4% -- presented a huge opportunity for the PC sector as \"first time buyers drive 85% of the market.\"While the Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) for PCs from 2012-2016 in the emerging markets will be 18%, it will be 53% for tablets and 24% for smartphones, he said.\"Quite a phenomenal transition that is happening,\" he said while adding \"Net users in emerging markets were fast outpacing those in mature markets,\" he added.In a world where mobile device usage is ever-increasing, Pearson noted that \"PC is (still) the predominant net access usage device.\"He also disclosed that 98% of the internet ( server infrastructure) runs on Intel architecture.Speaking on 'Fostering developer innovation in India', Narendra Bhandari, Director, Software and Services Group, Intel South Asia said \"Computing is about experience and software can shape experience a lot.\"He observed that \"experiences are clashing\" and that it was not about PCs or smartphones anymore.Touching upon multiple platforms and challenges they pose for developers, Bhandari rooted for HTML 5 stating that it provides scope for creativity, productivity and standardization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16502745", "title": "IBF elections could be postponed after ministry diktat", "text": "NEW DELHI: Left in a fix after sports ministry barred it from making constitutional changes, the Indian Boxing Federation might be left with no option but to postpone its elections till the time \"deficiencies\" pointed out are rectified.Sources said that the IBF AGM on Sunday would deliberate on the government's strict view on the elections and might decide to postpone the elections to work a way out of the current limbo.The ministry has directed the IBF that it should rectify the \"deficiencies\" before the elections are held, including the non-adoption of age and tenure guidelines by the federation.The diktat came amid speculation that IBF's constitution would be amended to create a new post of chairman for incumbent president Abhay Singh Chautala, who, under, government rules, is ineligible to contest as he has served three terms at the helm.\"The federation is advised that the deficiencies need to be cured before elections can be held. It is further advised that the election be held only after sorting out deficiencies and strictly in accordance with the Model Election Guidelines of the Government,\" the Sports Ministry said in a letter.Given the situation, the IBF will either have to conduct the elections as per the guidelines or postpone the process till the time it is able to fall in line.\"The ministry is actually targetting the wrong end of the spectrum. The change has to start with the state associations, after all the top leadership comes from there only. If you have state association in which people serve for more than 20-30 years, then what is point of making cosmetic changes at the top,\" an IBF official said.\"If a complete overhaul is done than what about continuity? The fact that the sport has grown so much under the current set-up counts for nothing? The ministry should first ensure that these guidelines are followed by state association so that the entire process is streamlined at the top,\" he added.With boxing's rising profile in India following back-to-back Olympic medals -- through Viejnder Singh (2008) and MC Mary Kom (2012) -- the IBF posts are much sought after.But with the ministry now stepping in to force adherence to government guidelines, it could be some time before the new guard takes charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16502262", "title": "Gundello Godari in post-production stage", "text": "Lakshmi Manchu's Gundello Godari (Maranthen Mannithen in Tamil) is currently in the post production stage. Around 120 technicians are working on the CG (Computer Graphics) for this film, which is set in the backdrop of the 1986 Godavari floods. The film has almost completed the entire shooting and is gearing for release this Dussera.Gundello Godari casts Aadi, Lakshmi Manchu, Sundeep Kishan and Tapsee in the lead roles. Kumar Nagendra is wielding the megaphone for the film while it's being made under Manchu Entertainments banner. Gundello Godari, which has Cinematography by Palanikumaar, will be released simultaneously in Telugu and Tamil.Art director Murali Kondeti has erected an authentic fisherman village set on a landscape of 27 acres with some 120 houses and huts. The material used in this village set is eco-friendly and natural, which will help in 'greening' the productions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16499508", "title": "4,000 non-teaching staff go on casual leave, paralyse varsities", "text": "PATNA: Over 4,000 non-teaching staff went on a day's mass casual leave (CL) on Friday paralysing the functioning of all the universities in the state.The universities' campuses and their allied departments wore a deserted look as the employees abstained from their duties and staged demonstrations at their respective university headquarters. The Bihar State University Employees' Federation had given the call to press its long pending demands.Federation secretary Mukesh Kumar claimed that all academic and administrative activities in different universities remained paralysed. The main demands of the agitating employees include implementation of assured career promotion (ACP) scheme, removal of pay anomalies, regular payment of monthly salary, enhancement of retirement age from 62 to 65 years and appointment of class III and IV staff on compassionate grounds, said Kumar.In Patna University, teaching and other activities came to a standstill on Friday as the non-teaching staff did not report on duty. No class III or IV staff was visible at the university office. Only one or two officials were present at their chambers, said PU Employees' Association general secretary Binod Mishra.Meanwhile, the volunteers of All India Students' Federation (AISF) and All India Students' Association (AISA) took out a procession and disturbed the functioning of Patna College on Friday to press their demand for change in the new hostel allotment policy of the college. The agitating students also reached the residence of PU vice-chancellor where proctor Kriteshwar Prasad heard their grievances.A section of Chhatra RJD volunteers also visited different colleges and postgraduate departments of PU and tried to disturb classes. They were shouting slogans in protest against the Lyngdoh Committee recommendations on students' union elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497362", "title": "Corporation asks discom to pay tax dues", "text": "NEW DELHI: East Delhi Municipal Corporation has served a notice to BSES Yamuna to pay the electricity tax for three months, from May to July. The discom, which collects the tax from consumers on the behalf of the corporation, owes close to Rs 12 crore. Officials say if the amount is not cleared by September 26, the corporation will attach the discom's assets.The corporations, which take 5% of the electricity bill for maintenance of streetlights, have outsourced the maintenance and collection of the tax to the discoms, which get 3% of the tax. According to the rules, the amount has to be remitted to the corporation within 40 days of its collection.The corporation had served two notices to the discom in August. \"They have not replied to our notices. If the amount is not paid, we will attach their assets,\" said Yogender Singh Mann, director, press and information, East corporation.BSES Yamuna, however, claims that the corporation has not paid it for the maintenance for the past six months. \"The East corporation owes us Rs 24 crore. The erstwhile MCD owed us close to Rs 35 crore. We will pay one month's electricity tax by the end of this month,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16499362", "title": "Assailants kill 28-year-old in Krishnanagar area", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 28-year-old person was killed when assailants allegedly hit him with a blunt object in Krishnanagar area late on Friday night. The two assailants were said to be the friends of the victim. According to the police, the body of the victim was found lying on the roadside around 500 metres from his house in Barigawa locality.The victim was later identified as Chandan (28). He was involved in tiles fitting work, while the two suspects Kailash and Nandu are tempo driver and were staying near the victim's house in a rented room. The police suspected them to be involved in the murder, as they were spotted along with the victim on Thursday night. The police said that as of now, both the suspects have fled the spot. Interestingly, cops have even found bloodstained clothes from the locked house that corroborates their involvement in the crime. The police are conducting raids in search of the two suspects after registering an FIR in this connection.The victim's brother Sushil told the police that the victim left the house when the two suspects come to call him at around 11. 30 p.m. on Thursday and did not return since then. He said, \"We (family members) tried to contact him (Chandan) on his mobile phone, but it was switched off. His body was later found nearly 500 metres from his house in Barigawa locality.\"Krishnanagar police, said, \"The two suspects killed the victim with some blunt object apparently after some dispute in an inebriated state\". He said the police are collecting more details about the two suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500171", "title": "Boy survives suicide pact, parents die", "text": "CHENNAI: A man, his wife and son tried to hang themselves todeathin their housein Avadion Thursday . While the couple died, their eight-year-oldson escaped asthesari noose gave away . Police said Suresh , 37 , a lineman with the electricity boardin Pattabiram ,left a suicide notethatsaidhiswifeR agini andson Deepakweresuffering from diseases and they had decided to end their lives . Suresh and Ragini , 30 , had been marriedfor 10 years . Deepak is being treated for neckinjuries .Thecouples ' bodieswere movedto Kilpauk Medical College for postmortem .Thechildisbeing looked after by thecouple's relatives .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "16498999", "title": "Shripad eyes Bicholim for MPLAD funds", "text": "BICHOLIM: North Goa MP Shripad Naik, on a tour of Bicholim taluka recently, promised to sanction various projects under the MPLAD scheme.A demand to construct a bridge linking Kothiwada Karapur with Bagwada Pilgao was put forward by Pilgao villagers. \"Our demand for a bridge is because this will go a long way in ushering in development in the area,\" sarpanch Jayant Kavelkar said. Accepting the demand, Naik assured topursue it.Other demands put forth by villagers included constructing of a community hall, children's park, commissioning of Balwadi at Bagwada and proper ferry services between Sarmanos and Tonca. Naik assured to take up the issues on priority.At Sal, Naik said, \"The ideas generated at this meet will help improve development of the village.\" After listening to public grievances he promised to use his offices to pursue projects taken up by the government.At Latambarcem a delegation led by sarpanch Damini Gawas briefed Naik about development works to be undertaken. Gawas insisted on completion of the network of bridges on different rivulets as early as possible that would make life easy for the people.At Advalpal, Naik met sarpanch Lakshata Desai and other panch members. The main demand of the villagers here was widening of the road and to repair the portion of the road which proceeds to Advalpal from Assanora.Villagers also demanded the commissioning of one more KTC bus on this route, via Assanora, that would cater to students.At Menkurem-Dhumacem, panchayat members sought smooth power supply, road widening, 24 hours water supply, a community hall and other projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16500802", "title": "Lab for pesticide residue testing gets ISO stamp", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala has got its first internationally-recognized lab to test pesticide residues in fruits, vegetables, cereals and water, providing a fillip to the organic farming initiatives in the state.The lab, situated in the Kerala agriculture university campus at Vellayani, has got ISO 17025-2005 recognition, after auditors from the national accreditation board for testing and calibration laboratories ( NABL) conducted tests and inspections at this facility and gave the final approval last week.\"Each agro-product has been ascertained a certain pesticide residue limit as per the food and safety act 2011. We will be testing all agroproducts as per these limits,\" said Dr Naseema Beevi, head, all India network project on pesticide residue, Kerala agriculture university, Vellayani centre. \"The facility has the capability to test residues of 44 pesticides in fruits, vegetables, pulses and water. We will test even minimal pesticides residues so that consumers can be sure that they are buying organic products,\" said Dr Beevi.Senior agriculture officials said the ISO recognition would also boost export of organic agro-product, especially to European countries, which are very strict about quality and reject organic farm produce if they detect even minimum pesticide levels in them.\"The organic agro-product will be labelled as per ISO standard, and will be internationally acceptable. This will even boost exports of agro-products,\" said a senior agriculture department official.The state has drafted a road map for implementing organic farming in districts, taking Sikkim as a successful model. \"We have now selected five panchayats in Kasaragod district for the project. Farmers will be given training and expertise in organic farming methods,\" an official said.The state will also assist farmers in marketing these products so that they do not incur losses after shifting to organic farming. The state is also planning to provide people safe-to-eat farm-fresh vegetables and fruits through select horticulture outlets.\"We were looking at ways to standardize the testing methods of products received from farmers cultivating natural vegetables and fruits as stipulated by the food safety act,\" the official added.The state will also bear the expense for testing farm products. \"It will take at least two days to test a bunch of samples,\" a lab official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16499387", "title": "Distribute schooluniforms before October 2: Chief secretary", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief secretary Jawed Usmani said that the payment of salaries of all employees of Basic Shiksha Parishad should be made through integrated payment system, while their pensions should be paid through government treasury. He said that salary slips should be made available to teachers and employees of government aided secondary schools from the month of October. Usmani was reviewing the progress of departments of basic education, secondary, higher and technical education on Friday.Usmani has directed the concerning officials to start the process of filling the vacant promotional posts in government secondary schools with eligible candidates immediately and also ensure distribution of uniforms to all children in the current academic session by October 2. \"In the next academic session, text books and uniforms should be distributed among students in the month of July itself in all circumstances,\" he said and added, \"District magistrates should be direct to conduct inquiries in the 572 schools sanctioned in 2009-2010 and 2010-2011 in minority dominated areas of the state.\" He also asked the officers to take necessary action in filling 1,500 posts out of 3500 posts lying vacant in 267 ITI's in the state.Meanwhile, reviewing the developmental programmes of Kanpur city, Usmani said that keeping in view the convenience of the general public the present roadways bus station situated near Taat Mill area would not be shifted but instead three more bus stations would be constructed out of the city limits.The chief secretary also said that to streamline traffic system in Kanpur city, a new transport nagar would be constructed at village Panki Bhavsingh out of city limits after obtaining the consent of transporters of the city. He added that a multi-storey jail with a capacity of 3,000 inmates would be constructed out of the city limits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497856", "title": "Governor K Sankaranarayanan begins review of DF govt\u2019s performance", "text": "MUMBAI: Governor K Sankaranarayanan has started the official review of the DF government's performance.Unlike past governors, who would not go beyond looking at the performance of a couple of important departments like irrigation and power, Sankaranarayanan has extended his brief and called for presentations from other departments as well. The state tourism, housing, social justice and youth welfare &amp; sports ministers presented the achievements of their departments before the governor at Raj Bhavan on Thursday.Tourism minister Chhagan Bhujbal and Jagdish Patil, managing director of the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation ( MTDC), gave a presentation about measures taken by the tourism department in the state. \"The governor felt that there is tremendous scope for improving tourism but measures are needed to develop this sector,\" stated a release issued by the governor's office. Bhujbal said, \"The governor has suggested that along with the creation of budget hotels, the tourism department should focus on marketing and promotion of the tourist destinations in the state.\" The governor's office in its release appreciated the tourism department's efforts towards developing Buddhist and Fort circuits in Maharashtra.The governor expressed concern over the partial utilization of budgetary funds by the social justice department. \"Non-utilization of even 1% of budgetary funds could affect the welfare of many people,\" the release stated. Sankaranarayanan asked social justice minister Shivajirao Moghe to probe complaints about the poor quality food provided to students in hostels managed by the state, the release added.The review move initiated by the governor has been welcomed by state administrative officers, but DF ministers, needless to say, are not pleased. \"The governor making use of the powers vested in him by the Constitution and calling for a review of different departments is a rare and significant step,\" said a senior Mantralaya official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "haldia", "code": "16498773", "title": "Subhendu turns heat on Kolkata Port Trust officials", "text": "HALDIA: Tamluk MP Subhendu Adhikari on Friday launched a tirade against senior officials of Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT), accusing them of being involved in corruption, and threatened to throw them behind the bars.He alleged the officials were giving undue preference to Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Ltd, a special purpose vehicle launched by ABG-LDL to handle cargo. The Trinamool leader feared that this could result in thousands of workers losing their jobs.Trouble had been brewing at the KoPT's Haldia Dock Complex (HDC) for last few weeks over handling of cargo at berths 2 and 8, which are controlled by HBT. Recently, HBT threatened to shut down operations at HDC, claiming that it wasn't getting sufficient cargo to handle. Finally, the issue was settled through arbitration proceedings in the Calcutta high court.Though KoPT didn't give any commitment to HBT on the quantity of cargo, authorities had said that efforts would be made so that mechanized berths 2 and 8 could handle more cargo. This would prove beneficial for HBT as well as KoPT since the latter earns nearly Rs 150 as royalty for every tonne of cargo handled at these berths. The rate is much lower for other berths.The controversy took a nasty turn on Wednesday with hundred of workers under the INTTUC banner launching an agitation after a ship carrying coking coal started unloading at berth 2. They demanded berths 2 and 8 not be given any special preference. According to sources, part of the operations at other berths is handled by a company owned by someone close to Adhikari. Moreover, the MP is the leader to the workers union at HDC.On Wednesday itself, Adhikari called up officials at HDC and demanded to know why the ship had entered berth 2. He allegedly threatened to lock up the administrative building of HDC or prevent any trucks from leaving berth 2.\"KoPT officials are giving undue mileage to HBT by referring to the court order. Ships are being forced to enter berths 2 and 8. According to law, it is for the owner of the cargo and the shipping agent to decide where a ship would berth. The port has no say in this matter. Save for two large cranes, other berths have the same kind of mechanization as the two that are controlled by HBT. If this situation continues, 8,000-10,000 workers will lose their jobs. Port officials are involved in corruption. Should any effort be made to disrupt any workers' agitation, we shall throw them behind the bars,\" Adhikari said.After the incident, KoPT chairman-in-charge Manish Jain wrote to the state home secretary, complaining about the deteriorating law and order situation at Haldia. Jain made it clear why more ships should be allowed at berths 2 and 8.Matters didn't stop there though. Around 4pm on Friday, Adhikari held a meeting outside the general cargo berth at HDC and declared an outright war against the port.Sources in the port said that officials have no control on the number of workers involved in cargo handling. Agencies like HBT have indicated that they were forced to employ more casual workers than they required by unions.Haldia: Barely an hour after Trinamool Congress MPs met President Pranab Mukherjee in Delhi on Friday and made the party's decision to quit the UPA II official, Tamluk MP Subhendu Adhikari launched a tirade against the Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT), accusing senior officials of corruption and threatening to throw them behind the bars. Trouble has been brewing at the KoPT's Haldia Dock Complex (HDC) for the last several weeks over handling of cargo at berths 2 and 8 which are under the control of Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Ltd, a special purpose vehicle launched by ABG-LDL.Recently, HBT threatened to shut down operations at HDC, claiming that it wasn't getting sufficient cargo to handle. Finally, the issue was settled through arbitration proceedings in the Calcutta High Court. Though KoPT didn't give any commitment to HBT on the quantity of cargo, authorities said that efforts would be made to handle more ships at mechanized berths 2 and 8. This would not only be beneficial for HBT but KoPT as well. The KoPT earns nearly Rs 150 as royalty for every tonne of cargo handled at berths 2 and 8. The rate is much lower for the other berths.Trouble started on Wednesday after a ship carrying coking coal started unloading at berth 2. A few hundred workers under the INTTUC banner launched an agitation. They demanded that berths 2 and 8 not be given any special preference. According to sources, part of the operations at the other berths is handled by a company owned by someone close to the Trinamool and Adhikari. Moreover, the MP is leader to the workers union at HDC. On Wednesday itself, Adhikari called up officials at HDC and demanded to know why the ship had entered berth 2. He allegedly threatened to lock up the administrative building of HDC or allow any trucks to leave berth 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16502799", "title": "Elderly siblings found murdered in Dharmasthala", "text": "Mangalore: Two elderly siblings were found murdered in their house near KSRTC bus stand in Dharmasthala, about 110 km from here on Thursday. The deceased have been identified as Narayana, 65, and Yamuna, 50, both said to be mentally unstable. The incident came to light when neighbours discovered an old trunk discarded in a ditch and out of suspicion they went to the house to find the two brutally murdered. Both of the victims' heads were smashed using stones. While Narayana had worked as mahout at Dharmasthala. His sister was working on daily wages. On Friday, her co-workers had called her before leaving for work and when Yamuna did not respond, they left for work. Locals said the accused may be somebody from outside as residents around knew their economic condition. Both lived in a dilapidated house. The accused had entered the house breaking open the rickety back door. It is suspected that the accused may have targeted them suspecting they may have some gold jewellery or cash with them. Sources said Narayana was married but was abandoned by his wife and children due to his mental state. The whereabouts of his family was not known. Belthangady police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16497677", "title": "Naxal package put on fast track", "text": "BANGALORE: A week after the ceasefire with Naxalites was announced by the government, the cabinet extended a Rs 5 crore grant for development work to each of the nine Naxal-infested taluks in five districts. These are Pavagada (Tumkur district), Thirthahalli and Hosanagara (Shimoga district), Sringeri, Mudigere and Koppa (Chikmagalur district), Karkala and Kundapur (Udupi district) and Belthangadi (Dakshina Kannada district).A state empowered committee under the chairmanship of the chief secretary, including principal secretaries of the administrative departments concerned, will be constituted for policy and guidance in formulating these programmes. The home department has constituted committees headed by deputy commissioners of these districts to oversee development of these areas. \"In view of the urgency, Rs 22 crore out of total Rs 45 crore has been released immediately,\" Suresh Kumar said.Other decisions* Approval for long-pending eight-lane corridor with two railway underbridge construction to decongest traffic on Rajajinagar-Majestic junction at a cost of Rs 115 crore* Authorized chief minister to recommend names to Centre for Padma awards* Administrative approval for garbage disposal project in Hubli-Dharwad city under Design-Finance-Build-Operate and Transfer basis to private firm* Five more wards in Hubli city under 24x7 water supply scheme* Enhance grant-in-aid for employees working in 43 private polytechnic institutions from existing 85% to 100%* Extend deadline for payment of water cess arrears for people in Hubli-Dharwad, Mangalore and Mysore till Dec. 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "sanchi", "code": "16501441", "title": "MP to finance construction of Sita temple in Sri Lanka: CM", "text": "Sanchi: The BJP government in Madhya Pradesh is willing to fund the construction of a temple of Sita in Sri Lanka. At the foundation laying ceremony for a University of Buddhist and Indic Studies in Sanchi on Friday, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan offered to finance the temple construction at Divurumpola, 210 km from Colombo, where Sita underwent the \"agni pariksha\" (fire test) and came out unscathed thereby proving her purity and chastity. The offer was made in the presence of Sri Lankan president Mahindra Rajapaksa.\"I visited Sri Lanka two years ago and went sightseeing to various places connected to the Ramayana. I visited the Ashok Vatika where Sita stayed and the place where she bathed,'' chief minister Chouhan said, addressing a gathering of religious scholars here, 46 km from Bhopal.\"I also travelled to the site where she underwent the agni pariksha. I appeal to the government of Sri Lanka to construct a temple of Sita on that place.'' The chief minister announced an immediate sanction of Rs One crore for the temple construction.\"Sri Lanka will not have to bother about arranging the funds for the temple. The government of Madhya Pradesh will collect enough and more funds from the villages and send it over for the temple of Sita in Sri Lanka,'' he added.The chief minister also declared that his government would include Bodh Gaya under the state's Teerth Darshan Yojana which sends senior citizens from economically weaker families on pilgrimage free of cost. He also said that the state would give subsidies to pilgrims who wish to visit the 50 sites allied with Ramayana in Sri Lanka.Explaining why his government initiated the setting-up of the Sanchi University for Buddhism and Indic Studies, chief minister Chouhan said: ``This is the first Buddhist University of India. Though a Buddhist University has also been established in Lumbini in Nepal in 2004 and a Theravad Buddhist University exists in Myanmar too, nut a need has been felt for a Buddhist University in the country where Buddhism originated and flourished. Madhya Pradesh has made a humble effort to fulfil that need.''Chouhan informed that the University will have five principal branches including a school of Buddhist philosophy, school of Sanatan dharma and Indic studies, school of international Buddhist studies, school of comparative religion and a school of language, literature and the arts.He also said that state would encourage exchange students programmes with Asian countries for mutual understanding and relations between Asian cultures.The chief minister also declared that his government would include Bodh Gaya under the state's Teerth Darshan Yojana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16500820", "title": "State should protect its paddy fields: Food expert", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Food and trade policy expert, Devinder Sharma, said that Kerala should never barter its paddy fields for non-agriculture purpose as recommended by the deputy chairman of planning commission during the Emerging Kerala summit last week.He said even industrialized nations in Europe and America protect their farmers and provide subsidy worth millions of dollars. \"We should never compromise our food security. We know that none of the western countries will ever open up their agriculture sector for free trade. The planners sitting in Delhi are not aware nor do they care about the ground reality remote parts of the country. Even today 99% of the economy in the country is agro-based,\" he said.\"The Congress government wants to convert hundreds of acres of fertile farm- land into special economic zones (SEZ). A majority of the proposed SEZ have become unviable and have not taken off,\" he said.\"While Montek Singh wants smaller states like Kerala to forgo its farm lands and procure rice from other states, the fact remains that paddy lands in bigger states like Uttar Pradesh have also shrunk,\" Sharma said while speaking at a seminar on Friday. The topic was whether the planning commission was threatening the food security of India.\"Groundwater levels have dipped to an all- time low in states like Punjab due to massive exploitation of water resources, fertilizer and pesticideridden agriculture procedures. The result - there is a high incidence of cancer in many districts,\" Sharma said.He said the only way the farming can be made profitable is by providing a direct income-based subsidy on production. \"The farmer will till his land only if it generates a decent income. If we can provide crores of rupees in subsidy to corporates and IT industry, then it is unfortunate that the poor marginal farmer is ignored,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16499159", "title": "3 thousand developers at app fest, eye Guinness entry", "text": "BANGALORE: More than 3,000 developers gathered at the KTPO grounds in Whitefield, Bangalore, on Friday to write applications for Windows 8 as the company bid for entry into the Guinness Book of World Records for the most participants in a single app development event.The 18-hour event has to follow certain rules to qualify for inclusion in the Guinness Book. Paul O'Neill , vice-president for the Guiness Book of World Records, who was in Bangalore, said participants cannot step out of the premises for more than 60 minutes. They need to have a background in computer science or computer engineering or the sciences. \"The final number will be the number of developers present at the site at 8am on Saturday,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16498962", "title": "KEM to expand healthcare services", "text": "PUNE: City-based King Edward Memorial (KEM) Hospital, which will complete its centenary on October 4, will add more healthcare services like liver transplant, special centres for treatment of hormonal imbalance cases as well urinary incontinence in children as part of its expansion plan.Addressing a news conference here on Friday about the centenary celebrations, Kurus Coyaji, trustee and medical director, KEM, said, \"On October 14, Union minister for agriculture and food processing industries Sharad Pawar will perform the ground-breaking ceremony and lay the foundation stone of the centenary building.\"\"The hospital will add to the services it currently provides with a hepatobiliary and liver transplant programme, paediatric endocrinology and a centre for urinary incontinence in children. A centre for wound care is also on the cards. The centenary building will have private and semi-private rooms as well as additional adult and pediatric intensive care units,\" Koyaji said.Senior nephrologist Farrokh Wadia, head of the nephrology unit, said, \"As part of the pre-centenary initiatives, KEM has decided to hold camps for the general public and the police, whose contribution to society often goes unappreciated. Between October 4, 2011, and September 2012, we held 14 medical check-up camps for the police, rickshaw drivers and the general public, besides giving discounts on medical investigations.\"Senior paediatrician Anand Pandit, director, department of pediatrics, said, \"The KEM Hospital is a teaching hospital, affiliated to the B J Medical College. It has taught and trained post-graduate medical students for over 35 years. KEM held 41 continued medical education programmes, workshops and seminars for medical and paramedical professionals in its pre-centenary year.\"KEM authorities describe the facility as a non-governmental organisation which is a registered public trust. Recognised as a hospital with many firsts to its credit, the journey began when Sardar Moodliar donated land for the hospital and named it after King Edward VII on October 4, 1912.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497852", "title": "Community radio under threat as govt mulls auctioning spectrum", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what could prove to be the deathblow for the fledgling community radio industry, the telecom ministry is examining whether spectrum for them should be auctioned. The ministry has, in fact, stopped giving clearances for community radio projects as a result of which 166 applications have been pending for the past nine months. The ministry's reluctance comes following the Supreme Court order in the 2G spectrum case.Sources said there was concern in the government that the auction route would effectively strangle the nascent industry that continues to struggle for stable financial resources.There are 140 community radio stations in the country, predominantly run by educational institutions, small communities, NGOs and in some cases even gram panchayats.According to sources, the wireless planning and coordination (WPC) department of the telecom ministry had stopped providing clearances to community radio applications for the last nine months. A source said, \"There are 166 applications pending with WPC and the I&B; ministry is unable to issue any new permission because of this.\" There are 267 applications pending at various stages currently.It is also learnt that the WPC wing had kept all matters relating to the use of spectrum on hold after the SC decision in the 2G case. The WPC wing is learnt to be examining whether spectrum for community radio should be auctioned.According to the I&B; ministry, community radio has played an important role and has been instrumental in conveying the Indian government's development schemes and providing access to media-dark areas. Several successful experiments of mobilizing local communities for encouraging local dialects, projects and conveying government messages have been documented in recent years. However, the proposal to auction spectrum for community radio will effectively end the project's progress.However, the telecom ministry has relented and is likely to waive off spectrum fees that had been hiked from Rs 19,000 to Rs 93,000 recently. The hike in spectrum fee was met with protests from the community radio industry which even met telecom minister Kapil Sibal to register their opposition. This was followed by a letter recommending a rollback from I&B; secretary U K Varma to the telecom secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16497893", "title": "Muslims protest against anti-Islam film", "text": "JAIPUR: Thousands of people gathered at the Moti Doongari Road on Friday in protest against the the YouTube video on Prophet Mohammad. Violence have erupted in several countries as Muslims protest against the anti-Islam film after its trailer was uploaded on the YouTube.The protesters, under the banner of Rajasthan Muslim Forum , demanded immediate arrest of the people involved in the making of the film and demanded severe punishment for them.Later, they passed a resolution seeking that the US government impose a ban on the film in America and other parts of the world. The protesters claimed that the film has been made with an intention to attack the persona of Prophet Mohammed, which they said cannot be tolerated.Speaking on the occasion, Jamaat-e-Islami Hind national secretary Salim Engineer said, \"With such kind of acts, the anti-Islamic forces are trying to distort the image of Muslims by insulting and encouraging them for reactions. It is a pre-planned strategy.\"The protesters displayed placards with messages like - Islam is a religion of peace, massenger of peace Prophet Mohammad is for all humankind and insult of Prophet Mohammad cannot be tolerated among others. The protestors demanded that India should intervene in the matter and take up the issue with the US government in protest against the film.Engineer demanded that the Indian government should ban the film in the country and from YouTube. Others speakers also demanded people should not resort to violence and asked them to protest peacefully.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16498976", "title": "In-laws spying with CCTV: Woman to cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A woman has complained to police that her in-laws have installed a CCTV camera at her house to keep a watch on her. She has also accused her in-laws of confining her to a sofa. Meena Rathwani has filed an FIR with the Sardarnagar police, naming her husband Ramesh Rathwani; brother-in-law Girdhan Rathwani; a son from Ramesh's first wife, Mayur Rathwani; and another relative, Harubhai Nanwani.The complaint says that Meena and Ramesh were married in March 2006, and this was the third marriage for Ramesh. After some time, the relatives began demanding dowry, and of late had started harassing her to get her out of the house. When a complaint had been filed earlier, cops recorded the statements of the relatives and permitted them to go.When she continued to be harassed, Meena filed a second complaint, which was registered as an FIR. Acting on it, police arrested Mayur, Girdhar and Nanwani. Ramesh was not arrested because he was found to have a visual impairment.The arrested accused moved a bail application before the magisterial court, which was heard on Friday. Meena's lawyer Ramesh Bharwad objected to the bail plea. After hearing the case, metropolitan magistrate R R Bhatt granted conditional bail to the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16497875", "title": "Army jawan dies during race", "text": "JAISALMER: A 30-year-old Army jawan fell down unconscious and died during a 5-km practice race in Pokhran area of Jaisalmer district. The body has been handed over to family members after post-mortem.According to Pokhran police, the incident happened on Thursday when Army jawans conducted a practice race from Sankada Fanta to one of the Army unit headquarters. During the race, jawan Ravindra Kumar fell down unconscious near a petrol pump, 300 m before reaching the headquarters. Medical personnel who were following the runners immediately rushed him to the hospital, where he was declared brought dead.Defence spokesperson Col S D Goswami said a race of 5 km was organized during the battle field proficiency training for jawans at Pokhran during which Kumar fell down. He was immediately brought to the medical centre. The cause of death will be know after the post mortem report, Goswami added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16499961", "title": "Auto union firm on 30/2km as minimum fare", "text": "CHENNAI: The largest union of autorickshaw drivers in the city on Friday demanded that the government immediately bring backthe meter system and introduce a revised tariff with a minimum fare of 30 for thefirst 2km and 15for every additionalkilometre. Tamil Nadu Auto Drivers Federation , affiliated to Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU),cameoutwiththe new rateson September 8,saying it would implement the fares if the government failed to revisethetariff withoutdelay . The federation , which has 15,000 members , justified the new tariff and cited various reasonsfor the increase in fares , including high fuel prices , vehicle maintenance costs and increase in cost of living . Federation president M Chandran said drivers have to be assured that they can earn a living when the meter system is reintroduced .\"Withthe downtime andoverheadsthey face , it is very hard to make ends meet ,\" hesaid . \"On average , an autorickshawdriver hasto purchase at least 4litresof petrol a day ,\" he said . \"A vehicleferries passengers for only 65 km of the average of 100km fit travels every day .\" Petrol costs 75 per litre and autos have a mileage of 20 to 25km /litre on city roads , so anything less that 30 as base fare would not be profitable ,\" hesaid . Chandran charged the government with neglecting the issue for long , leading to the problems that autorickshaw drivers and customers face . \"Some auto drivers charge passengers extra because the fares are not updated periodically ,\" hesaid . The federation drew up a new fare structure after a series of TOI reports quoted customers , autorickshaw drivers and experts as saying that only the meter system with a standardised tariff could make autos a viable traveloption . The regionalwing of Institute of Transportation and Development Policy (ITDP), a US-based urban experts group , made a similar fare suggestion to the government . ITDP calculated a minimum fare of 30 /km , noting that autorickshaw drivers in Chennaiface moredowntime , travelling more 'dead kilometres' (without passengers ) than auto drivers in other cities . The institute's regional director , Shreya Gadepalli , said the minimum fare proposed by the auto unions is reasonable . \"The government should regulate the fare and thereshouldbe a formula to update rates annually ,\" shesaid . Nupur Singh , who travels by autorickshaw from Kodambakkam to Guindy Industrial Estate every day , said the proposed rate appearedtobehighbutis actually much lower than the rates that drivers currently charge . \"I pay 150 to 200 for a distance of 6km every day ,\" she said . \"If the new fares are introduced , I'll save up to Rs 100 aday ,\" shesaid . Additional commissioner of police (traffic ) Sanjay Arora refused to comment about the fare proposed by the federation . \"Our job is to enforce the rules ,\" he said . When asked aboutthe practicaldifficulties to enforce the meter system in the city , he said , \"It will be enforced successfully withthehelp of public .\" Tamil Nadu Auto Drivers Federation on Friday also asked the government to introduce a system to provide auto drivers with financial assistance so they can purchase their own vehicles .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497508", "title": "Vasant Vihar murder: One more arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Another person has been arrested for allegedly abducting and murdering a transporter from Vasant Vihar. The arrest of Raj Kumar (23) on Friday comes a day after police confirmed the death of transporter Bodhraj and nabbed the main accused in the case Rajesh Tiwari (26). According to police, a team under the supervision of SHO Anil Sharma arrested Tiwari from his native village in a midnight operation. At the instance of Tiwari, his accomplice Kumar was also arrested. During interrogation, both the accused confessed to have killed Bodhraj after robbing him of his Maruti van and valuables. Cops recovered the Maruti van, which was parked in a field in the village.\"The accused led the police party to the place where the valuables of the deceased were concealed. The duo pointed out the exact place where the body was dumped by them. It was also established that the body had already been recovered by the UP Police and cremated without being identified,'' said a police officer.The interrogation of accused revealed that Tiwari was working as driver in Delhi and was a tenant in Bodhraj's house. When Tiwari had last visited his village, he met Raj. On September 11, both had heated arguments with the deceased and his mother for not paying the rent and Bodhraj kicked Tiwari's food plate and threw his goods out of the house.On September 13, Tiwari and Kumar hired the Bodhraj's Maruti van to ferry Tiwari's luggage and the deceased immediately agreed hoping to realize his money in this fashion. \"The accused made sure Bodhraj drunk. Once they crossed the Hindon River and reached a secluded place, Tiwari signalled Kumar who was sitting on the back seat of the car. Both of them strangulated Bodhraj and took the body into the bushes, took off his clothes, tied his hands with a towel and dumped the body,'' said DCP Sharma.The duo then finally took the van to Faizabad, where they changed the numberplate of the vehicle Kumar used it as a taxi for two days. After that they took the car to their village from where it was recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16500386", "title": "Skywalks at 4 busy points proposed", "text": "COIMBATORE: It looks like the city may very well get skywalk facilities with escalators at four busy points with the survey undertaken by a Bangalore-based private agency on behalf of Tamil Nadu Urban Development Fund (TNUDF) getting huge public response.The agency contacted over 50,000 people who frequented Coimbatore junction railway station, collectorate premises, Lanka Corner and government general hospital premises in the last four days and received wide demand for the construction of such a pedestrian management facility. Feedback would be collected based on which a proposal will be formulated.According to officials of consultancy firm Wilbur Smith Associates, the feasibility study would be completed very soon and handed over to TNUDF. The infrastructure development agency would implement the project through Coimbatore Municipal Corporation. As part of the feasibility study, 40 officials of the firm were deployed at selected locations for four days to study the flow of vehicles and pedestrians. People thronging the railway station and hospital were interviewed regarding the difficulties of crossing the road and their suggestions were sought in managing the crowd. The Lanka corner and collectorate premises also came under study and public opinion was sought.``Skywalks with escalators are the latest user-friendly and innovative foot over bridges coming up in big cities and metros. In India, most of them are located in Mumbai and Bangalore. Coimbatore is likely to get the same facility keeping in view the huge pedestrian movement in key parts of the city,'' said a senior official of TNUDF. While Coimbatore junction is the second largest railway station under Southern Railways, the general hospital linked with Coimbatore Medical College is frequented by over 60,000 people daily.The surveying team deputed near the railway station told TOI that they counted flow of passengers in and out of the station every 15 minutes during the last four days. The same method was followed to count the flow of patients in government hospital. The surveyors also counted flow of two wheelers, auto rickshaws, buses, trucks, cycles and other vehicles at crucial points and monitored how pedestrians cross the road especially during peak hours.TNUDF officials said they asked the agency to study the feasibility based on a suggestion in this regard from Coimbatore Corporation. \"The corporation had wanted foot over bridges in these locations but we proposed skywalks with escalators keeping in view future needs,'' said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16500406", "title": "Jilted lover murders teen girl, attempts suicide", "text": "COIMBATORE: A jilted lover murdered a 14-year-old school girl A Abinaya when she was alone in her residence at Ganapathy in the city on Friday evening. He also attempted suicide by slashing his throat but neighbours rushed him to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) where he has been admitted and is in critical condition. Police claimed that the youth entered the victim's house and locked the front door from inside before murdering the girl.\"The victim's mother A Ajitha, 39, had gone to Coimbatore central prison to see her husband K Ayyappan, 42, who was recently arrested in connection with a theft case. When she returned the door was locked and there was no response from inside. When she asked neighbours to climb up the tiled roof and looked inside, they saw both of them lying in a pool of blood,\" said a senior police officer.Police said, Ayyappan and Ajitha, both daily wage labourers, have two children A Abinaya and A Sathish, 10. Abinaya was studying class 9 and Sathish was in class 4 at a private matriculation school near Avarampalayam in the city.On 1 September, Ayyappan was arrested for stealing six sovereigns of gold jewels from Pavizham jewellery shop on Cross Cut Road in Gandhipuram. Since then, he has been lodged at Coimbatore central prison. On Friday morning Ajitha had gone to central prison to see her husband. Sathish went to school.Abinaya was ill and did not go to school. She was alone at home.Around 4.30pm, Sathish came home from school and went out to play. Around 5.30 pm, Ajitha returned home and knocked on the front door. But there was no response. She then tired calling her daughter but her mobile phone was switched off. Consequently, Ajitha asked her neighbours to climb the roof to look inside. When they did so, they saw both Abinaya and A Venugopal (21) lying in a pool of blood.The front door was immediately broken open and it was found that Abinaya was dead.Her throat had been slashed by her neighbour Venugopal who was working in a lathe workshop. Two deep cut injuries were found on his left hand. But he was alive and was rushed to CMCH. His condition is critical.Saravanampatti police was alerted by witnesses. Assistant commissioner of police P Chandramohan and inspector P Periasamy rushed to the spot and held an inquiry with neighbours. Preliminary inquiry revealed that Venugopal was in love with the girl, but his love was unrequited. Frustrated over this, he murdered her.A case has been filed in this matter and Saravanampatti police are conducting an investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16502725", "title": "Rodent boom leads to food crisis in Arunachal district", "text": "ITANAGAR: Bamboo flowering over the last one month has led to a rise in the population of rodents resulting in food crisis in Kurung Kumey district of Arunachal Pradesh.Bamboo flowering in Tali and Pipsorang circles multiplied the population of rodents which survive on paddy, millet, wheat and maize - the staple food of the agrarian tribal populace of the area, officials said on Friday.While drawing the attention of the state government, Tali Pastoral Range Committee chairman Tamuk Tame has pleaded for adequate steps to check rat menace and provide adequate compensation to poor farmers for their survival.Bamboo flowering occurs in a cycle and is reported from different parts of NE region from time to time. The last such phenomenon was reported from several villages in Chayang Tajo and Sawa circles of East Kameng a year ago, where the farmers spent sleepless nights following largescale bamboo flowering.Bamboo flowering or \"mautam\" is a cyclic ecological phenomenon that occurs every 40 to 50 years in the northeastern region of India and Chin state of Myanmar . During this period, melocanna baccifera, a species of bamboo available in the region, flowers at one time covering vast areas. The event has been reported in Mizoram and Manipur earlier and the last bamboo flowering in these two states was in 2006.After flowering, the bamboo dies and regenerates from the seeds. The rats feast on these seeds which are available in plenty which cause a boom in rat population.After the bamboo seeds are exhausted, rats start attacking grains in houses and crops in farms, which in turn causes devastating famine. In Mizoram, famines caused by bamboo flowering and the failure of the government to tackle the problem had led to the birth of Mizo insurgency in the Sixties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16501724", "title": "Sir Michael Caine reveals secret to popularity", "text": "Legendary actor Sir Michael Caine has said that being friendly and normal has been the key to his success.The 79-year-old Oscar winner said that people need to have a sense of humour about themselves, the Sun Reported.\"An audience must say, 'I bet if I met him he would speak to me.' You must make the audience think, 'He would be a laugh',\" he said.Caine will be next seen in ' Mr Morgan's Last Love ' as an elderly American who falls for a Parisian girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16502609", "title": "Oxfam demands shelter for riot-hit before winter", "text": "GUWAHATI: With winter approaching, the NGO, Oxfam India on Friday said the government should lay down a programme to provide adequate shelter to the violence-affected people living in various relief camps Bodoland Territorial Areas District (BTAD).Oxfam India chief executive officer Nisha Agrawal said the humanitarian needs of the relief camp inmates should be urgently dealt with in the next few months before winter.\"The next few months will be critical in ensuring shelter and livelihood for the people affected by the violence. People in relief camps are eager to go home, but there is still a feeling of uncertainty in terms of security and shelter. The government should lay down its programme for ensuring security and shelter the riot-hit people before winter sets in,\" Nisha said.Oxfam India has been involved in providing humanitarian assistance in at least 30 camps in violence-affected Kokrajhar and Chirang districts.She said some people preferred to stay back in relief camps for food as they may not be able to get any food once they returned to their houses. \"Many do not want to leave the relief camps for food. They know that they may not get food at their homes as they have lost their livelihoods or their lands are left uncultivated,\" Nisha added.She suggested that public distribution system should be made available to all the affected people living in camps. \"Public distribution system should be made open to everybody in relief camps at least till the next cropping season,\" she said.The NGO is also engaged in disaster risk management and providing humanitarian aid to people affected by floods in Morigaon and Sonitpur districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16499127", "title": "Karnataka CM plea to PM: Suspend Cauvery order", "text": "BANGALORE: Bracing for a legal battle on the Cauvery issue , the Karnataka government on Friday asked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to keep in abeyance his September 19 order asking it to release 9,000 cusecs water to Tamil Nadu. In the review petition filed before the Cauvery River Authority (CRA) headed by the PM, Karnataka said the directive to release water from Sept. 20 to Oct. 15 was arbitrary and ad hoc. If implemented , Karnataka would lose about 20tmcft from the existing 76tmcft in the dam. \"Such drastic reduction would affect drinking water requirements and agricultural operations in Karnataka which requires about 155tmcft,'' the petition said. Farmers and the public have been protesting against the release. \"The government has been able to maintain peace. But protests cannot be ignored by a responsible government ,'' it said. Shettar meets legal experts on Cauvery ruling  Chief minister Jagadish Shettar met top legal experts in the past two days to prepare the ground for the state's case against the Cauvery River Authority's ruling that it must release 9,000 cusecs of water to Tamil Nadu every day till Oct 15. Shettar said: \"We filed a review petition with the CRA, asking for the September 19 order to be set aside. We appealed to the PM to send an expert team to assess the ground realities.'' The Tamil Nadu government is awaiting minutes of the meeting to file a petition in the apex court seeking a directive to the state to release water. The issue has united both ruling and the opposition parties in Karnataka. All three major political parties \u2014 the Congress , BJP and JD(S) \u2014 sent a clear message to the Centre on Friday that it wouldn't be possible to obey the PM's order. The meeting was attended by opposition party leaders Siddaramaiah , TB Jayachandra, HD Revanna, SR Patil as well as ministers Basavaraj Bommai, S Suresh Kumar, K S Eshwarappa , Umesh Katti and S A Ramdas . Opposition leader Siddaramaiah said: \"We're facing a distress situation. It's not possible to adhere to the PM's direction. TN has 47tmcft of water at Mettur dam and is storing water for a new crop. Our people are suffering due to lack of water for drinking and irrigation.'' He said: \"When it comes to land and water, there's no politics .'' External affairs minister S M Krishna said in a statement that he will support any measure that the Karnataka government takes.BANGALORE: Bracing for a legal battle on the Cauvery issue , the Karnataka government on Friday asked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to keep in abeyance his September 19 order asking it to release 9,000 cusecs water to Tamil Nadu. In the review petition filed before the Cauvery River Authority (CRA) headed by the PM, Karnataka said the directive to release water from Sept. 20 to Oct. 15 was arbitrary and ad hoc. If implemented , Karnataka would lose about 20tmcft from the existing 76tmcft in the dam. \"Such drastic reduction would affect drinking water requirements and agricultural operations in Karnataka which requires about 155tmcft,'' the petition said. Farmers and the public have been protesting against the release. \"The government has been able to maintain peace. But protests cannot be ignored by a responsible government ,'' it said. Shettar meets legal experts on Cauvery rulingBangalore: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar met top legal experts in the past two days to prepare the ground for the state's case against the Cauvery River Authority's ruling that it must release 9,000 cusecs of water to Tamil Nadu every day till Oct 15. Shettar said: \"We filed a review petition with the CRA, asking for the September 19 order to be set aside. We appealed to the PM to send an expert team to assess the ground realities.'' The Tamil Nadu government is awaiting minutes of the meeting to file a petition in the apex court seeking a directive to the state to release water. The issue has united both ruling and the opposition parties in Karnataka. All three major political parties \u2014 the Congress , BJP and JD(S) \u2014 sent a clear message to the Centre on Friday that it wouldn't be possible to obey the PM's order. The meeting was attended by opposition party leaders Siddaramaiah , TB Jayachandra, HD Revanna, SR Patil as well as ministers Basavaraj Bommai, S Suresh Kumar, K S Eshwarappa , Umesh Katti and S A Ramdas . Opposition leader Siddaramaiah said: \"We're facing a distress situation. It's not possible to adhere to the PM's direction. TN has 47tmcft of water at Mettur dam and is storing water for a new crop. Our people are suffering due to lack of water for drinking and irrigation.'' He said: \"When it comes to land and water, there's no politics .'' External affairs minister S M Krishna said in a statement that he will support any measure that the Karnataka government takes.WHEN JAYA SPOKE KANNADA", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16499604", "title": "\u2018Hu Khato Nathi, Khava Deto Nathi\u2019 goes missing from Narendra Modi\u2019s menu", "text": "AHMEDABAD: During the 'Jitega Gujarat' campaign unleashed ahead of the 2007 assembly polls, chief minister Narendra Modi repeatedly used a phrase: 'Hu khato nathi, khava deto nathi'. Loosely translated, it means 'I don't accept bribes and I do not allow others either'. This time, as he trains his guns on UPA on the issue of corruption, Modi's famous lines on corruption have gone missing. TOI finds out why.Big fish in netParshottam Solanki - Minister of state for fisheries in the Narendra Modi government faces arrestin Rs 400-crore fishing contract scam. Criminal prosecution has been launched against him after the Gujarat high court found irregularities in awarding contracts and the governor granted sanction despite the g o v e r nme n t putting impediments. This corruption issue was highlighted more due to the political shield that Modi tried to give to a political heavyweight, in what is seen legally as an open-and-shut case.Lokayukta logjamLokayukta - Gujarat does not have a Lokayukta since 2003. The delay caused by the Modi-government in appointing a Lokayukta has been baffling for someone who wants a clean image. Preference for certain retired judges and dislike for the Justice R A Mehta, the clear nominee of the governor and chief justice, has raised questions. Modi even invited ire from Team Anna on the issue. Obviously, the impression does go out that the chief minister does not want a transparent system to check corruption.'Shahenshah's courtMB Shah Commission - This commission of inquiry was set up clearly to avoid a possible aggressive probe by a Lokayukta that was not of the chief minister's choice.Congress swansongSwan energy - Little known Mumbai company Swan Energy Ltd had to withdraw from its deal with the Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation's Pipavav Power Company after Congress leaders moved Gujarat high court accusing that it was a case of corruption and nepotism. The deal was scrapped after the court began looking into it. It was alleged that with an investment of Rs 381 crore, the deal promised that the company was to soon make a profit of over Rs 14,000 crore.Gauchar googlyGauchar land - Allocation of grazing land to industrial houses has invited criticism and accusations of corruption. Former Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal came out in support of villagers against one such land allocation and commented that it's free for all in Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16500894", "title": "Cyriac likely to be new chief secretary", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government is likely to bring in K Jose Cyriac as the new chief secretary K Jayakumar, the incumbent, is set to retire on October 31. Cyriac, a 1977-batch officer, is now on central deputation as secretary at the ministry of chemicals and fertilizers. He will have a short term -- five months - since he is due for retirement in April 2013.If Cyriac prefers to continue at the Centre, the government will have to choose between E K Bharat Bhushan and V Somasundaran, both from the 1979 batch.Bhushan is an additional secretary at the Union ministry of steel. Somasundaran is an additional chief secretary with the state industries and commerce department.In seniority, Bhushan edges out Somasundaran. L C Goyal, also from the 1979 batch, left Kerala on deputation to the Centre in 2010.There are more slots to fill. Kerala State Industrial Development Corporation ( KSIDC) managing director Alkesh Kumar Sharma recently left the state to join the ministry of road transport and highways. Norka secretary T K Manoj Kumar is set for central deputation.Revenue secretary K B Valsala Kumari will retire on October 31. V S Senthil, principal secretary, local self government, is the likely replacement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16499574", "title": "Can you really Bank on them?", "text": "If you thought your money is safe in banks, here's something you can chew on, albeit nervously. The facts first - Banks in Kerala together reported 471 incidents of frauds to the tune of over Rs 260 crore in the last five years, according to the Reserve Bank of India.To a Right to Information (RTI) query, RBI has confirmed that 36 banks operating in Kerala have reported banking frauds of over Rs 260 crore (See box) from July 1, 20007 to June 30, 2012. The magnitude of banking frauds that have taken place in the state can be gauged from the fact that the figure does not include frauds involving amounts less than Rs 1 lakh.The banks often compensate their customers if the amount of money duped is high. However , a vast majority of account holders even fail to notice the disappearance of small amounts of money from their accounts.According to the RBI, banks in Kerala could together recover only Rs 94 crore for the same period. The central bank has also indicated that it has no information on the number of consumers who were duped in the state.Bankers and companies that develop anti-hacking solutions also confirm that more than 70% of banking frauds involve lesser amount of money, which is not noticed by account holders under normal circumstances . Most professional hackers who swindle money operate clandestinely and target a large chunk of customers at one go, and keep duping customers at regular intervals.According to RBI, the Federal Bank in Kerala suffered the most number of banking frauds in the last five years. Total cases reported by the Federal Bank to RBI during the period came to 63 and the volume of such frauds amounted to Rs 71.78 crore. Of this, the bank could recover only Rs 11.3 crore.The State Bank of Travancore comes second on the list, reporting 55 such cases involving Rs 22.39 crore. Of this, the bank could recoup only Rs 8.26 crore. The State Bank of India, the South Indian Bank and the Vijaya Bank are next in line, reporting 34, 33 and 32 banking frauds in the last five years.While banks in Ernakulam district topped the list of banking frauds (103 cases worth Rs 108.17 crore), banks in Thiruvananthapuram district came second with 86 cases to their credit worth Rs 50.69 crore. Of the money lost to frauds, banks in Ernakulam and Thiruvananthapuram could recover only Rs 20.95 crore and Rs 41.38 crore, respectively.With regard to electronic banking frauds, the ICICI Bank Ltd topped the list in terms of the number of frauds committed . But the Federal Bank and the Axis Bank came first in terms of volume of money lost to frauds. While the ICICI Bank reported 12 such cases and lost Rs 23.55 lakh, the Federal Bank and the Axis Bank reported two and five such instances to the RBI, and lost Rs 84.36 lakh and Rs 42.53 lakh, respectively.As for ATM frauds in Kerala, the Axis Bank managed to recover all the money lost to frauds. Meanwhile , the State Bank of Travancore, South Indian Bank Ltd and ICICI Bank Ltd failed to recover even a single paisa they lost to ATM frauds. Again, the Federal Bank came first in the lits of biggest losers with Rs 84.36 lakh. The bank managed to recover only Rs six thousand.ATM frauds were reported from only five districts in the state during the last five years. Only three banks reported online frauds during the period. The ICICI Bank was victim of the most number of online fraud cases during the period. But, Axis Bank lost the highest amount of money to online frauds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16499490", "title": "Chocolate can create same high as opium", "text": "LONDON: Are you a chocoholic? Then you may be suffering from a craving similar to drug addiction.Chocolate has an effect on the brain similar to opium, according to a study by the University of Michigan that found amazing comparisons between obese people and drug addicts.A natural brain chemical called enkephalin - an endorphin with similar properties to opium - surged as rats began to eat chocolates, the Daily Mail reported.When a drug was used to stimulate the dorsal neostriatum - part of the brain that releases the chemical - the number of chocolates eaten more than doubled.Study leader Alexandra DiFeliceantonio said the findings showed comparisons between drug addicts and obese people. \"The same brain area tested is active when obese people see foods and when drug addicts see drug scenes. It seems likely that our enkephalin findings in rats mean that this neurotransmitter may drive some forms of overconsumption and addiction in people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497572", "title": "Dad, mum and daughter killed in Rohini home", "text": "NEW DELHI: A gruesome triple murder has shocked Rohini, the sprawling colony in north-west Delhi reeling under a crime wave. Three members of a family living in Pocket B-7, Sector 17, were found murdered inside their Shanti Kunj residence on Friday.The victims were identified as Yoginder Pratap Singh Chauhan, a 56-year-old chemicals trader who also owned a godown in Shahbad Daulatpur. His wife Rekha, 50, was a trustee of the local Durga temple. Their daughter Karishma, 22, a topper in mass communications from a private college, had just completed a month-long internship with a private Hindi TV news channel.Police said the father's temple was smashed by a heavy object, Rekha was smothered by a pillow and Karishma strangled with a stole. Yoginder and Karishma's mobiles and the latter's laptop are missing.\"Nothing precious is missing but a couple of money-related issues have come to our knowledge. We are certain someone known to the accused is behind the murder. We are keeping all possibilities, including robbery and personal enmity, open,'' said joint commissioner (northern range) Tajinder Luthra.Triple murder: Assailants had friendly entryFate has dealt a cruel hand to the Chauhan family in recent years. Vikram Pratap Singh, the only son of Yoginder and Rekha, had died in a bike accident last year. Their other two daughters - Hema and Jolly - are married. Hema is separated from her Bikaner-based advocate husband and lives in Rohini's Sector 28. Jolly lives in Faridabad with her husband Yashpal. Brother Vikram Pratap Singh's wife stays separately.\"Earlier this month my father had gone to his native place Etawah in UP to collect money by selling crops. He then spent two days, September 16 and 17, with me at Faridabad. Around the same time my sister Hema's husband came down to Delhi to pay her Rs 2.5 lakh as part of the divorce settlement plan,'' said Jolly, hinting that \"someone close'' was involved in the murder. Sources said that the number of Yoginder's clients had dipped drastically and that Rekha insisted on visiting pilgrimage sites frequently. The family had turned extremely religious in recent times.Jolly said she had spoken to her mother around 9.30pm and that she did not mention anything amiss. Neighbour Pooja Gupta confirmed that she heard the TV from the Chauhan residence till around 10.30pm. \"On Thursday, a young man wearing a helmet had come in a scooter and was inquiring about the Chauhans. He seemed highly suspicious,\" claimed another neighbour.Gupta said that Rekha was scheduled to leave for Vaishnodevi on Friday morning along with a local priest Uday Chand Jha and nine other women for a week-long tour. \"The bus was waiting at the Durga Temple but Rekha could not be located. Jha came to the Chauhan residence twice and called for her. Getting no response, he sent his wife to check on Rekha but she too returned. Their daughter too rang the bell several times with no response. It was then that we decided to check out if something was wrong,'' she said. The murders came to light around 7.10 am.Neighbours said they found both the grill door and the wooden door (constituting the main gate) partially open. \"We pushed in and found Yoginder lying on his bed. Blood was oozing from his head suggesting he was hit with a heavy object and his body had turned cold. We raised an alarm and a lady advocate residing nearby went up to check if Rekha and her daughter Karishma were aware of the murder. She found the mother and the daughter lying on two sides of the bed with pillows on their faces. The cops could not ascertain initially whether the duo was strangled or their throat slit. The police was called to the spot by Pooja,'' said Sushil Bharadwaj, an eyewitness and a neighbour.The Chauhan family lived on rent till 1992 in the area before they bought this house. The cops found that the front doors of the two-floor house were open. Police sources also said they found two old chests lying open on a table on the first floor bedroom. \"There were water marks near both dead bodies suggesting someone might have tried to wash off the blood. A soft-drink bottle was lying in the room. Besides this, not a single item inside the house has been touched,'' said a police source.\"We have sent the bodies for postmortem. The report will establish how and when the murders took place. We are sending teams to UP and Rajasthan to work on some leads. We are trying to piece together footage from the local CCTV and from G T Karnal Road which might have been used by assailants to escape,'' said B S Jaiswal, DCP (outer).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16501869", "title": "Man takes off shirt, shouts slogans against PM Manmohan Singh at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man shouted slogans on Saturday as Prime Minister Manmohan Singh got up to deliver his address at an international conference here.\"Prime Minister go back,\" the man shouted at Singh as he walked up to the rostrum to deliver his address 'Conference on Economic Growth in Asia and Changes of Corporate Environment'.The Prime Minister waited for a while at the rostrum as security officials took the lone protestor out of the plenary hall of Vigyan Bhawan.Police officials said the protester has been detained for questioning.The conference, organised by Indian Law Institute, was attended by legal luminaries from across Asia besides Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia and Law Minister Salman Khurshid .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai/puducherry", "code": "16500261", "title": "French mission shut over cartoon backlash fears", "text": "CHENNAI/PUDUCHERRY: Many French establishments in the country, including the consulate in Puducherry and Alliance Francaise in Chennai, remained closed on Friday as a precautionary measure against possible backlash over the publication of Prophet Muhammad cartoons by a French satirical weekly. The establishments declared a holiday on the directions of the French government. The French Institute of Pondicherry and two other establishments in the Union territory \u2014 Alliance Francaise and Lycee Francaise \u2014 also remained shut on Friday as France closed embassies, cultural centres and schools in 20 countries fearing retaliatory attacks. The publication of cartoons in the magazine, 'Charlie Hebdo' , came amid widespread protests against an ant-Islam film that has fanned global Muslim anger. Chennai too witnessed protests targeting the US consulate in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16499318", "title": "62 Cong leaders may be denied ticket as party installs several selection filters", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Since the Congress's scrutiny committee meeting in New Delhi on Wednesday, many senior party leaders in Gujarat are spending sleepless nights. About 60-odd leaders, including several bigwigs, may not be able to contest the forthcoming assembly elections if the party strictly enforces the new eligibility criteria for ticket hopefuls.The committee has decided to deny tickets to all those leaders who have lost more than one election in the past. Besides , aspiring candidates will have to show that they have won at least one local body poll. Congress leaders said they were looking at the 'winnability' of candidates to take advantage of the 'positive atmosphere' created by the string of poll promises, like the Ghar nu ghar.What's more, the central leader of the party has decided that candidates who have lost with a margin of over 15,000 votes would also be ineligible for Congress tickets. A Congress leader said that in 2007 elections alone 49 party candidates had lost by a much higher margin.The list has some of the most noted names from the party like Dinsha Patel who lost from Maninagar; Naresh Raval, Mehsana; Udesinh Baria, Halol; Bechar Badani, Lathi; Shashikant Patel, Sarkhej; Balu Tanti, Dhari; Gova Rabari, Deesa; Rajendrasinh Rathod, Vadodara city; Dhiru Gajera, Surat city north; and Jayesh Radhadia from Rajkot-I seat.If the rule is implemented strictly, even Union minister Dinsha Patel may be denied a party ticket if he wishes to contest in state assembly polls. Patel had fought against chief minister Narendra Modi in Maninagar and lost by a huge margin 87,000 votes. However, for Radhadia and Patel have the advantage that they won the by-polls and Lok Sabha seats respectively later.The leaders who had lost the elections twice include Narhari Amin, Parimal Solanki, Surendra Rajput, Naresh Raval, Sagar Raika, C J Chavda and Arvind Sanghvi. Chavda had lost Gandhinagar assembly seat and had later even lost in Dehgam by-elections.Sources in the party said that all these leaders were sure to fetch tickets and had even begun campaigning in the constituencies allotted to them. For example, Amin had already started canvassing in Sabarmati area, the sources said.Chairman of the state Congress election committee Shankersinh Vaghela said, \"These are the guidelines and the All India Congress Committee president Sonia Gandhi will have the final say. There would be some exceptions. Even if the leader has lost for two times or does not meet the norms, the AICC chief can allot a ticket to such person.\"\"There are some former bureaucrats who are in the fray and are demanding tickets. The party is actively considering their candidature.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16499328", "title": "NR officials discuss safety aspects of trains, passengers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior divisional operational managers of Northern Railway were asked to focus on thrust areas like passenger amenities, safety and judicious planning of train operations for boosting operational efficiency of Railways by VK Gupta, general manager, NR. A conference of senior DOMs of Delhi, Lucknow, Firozpur and Ambala divisions of NR was held at headquarters office, Baroda House, New Delhi, on Friday. The Conference deliberated upon freight operations, expeditious completion of traffic facility enhancement works, doubling works and safety preparedness for the ensuing foggy weather.Special concerns like carriage and works examinations, judicious power utilisation, simplification of station working rules, human resources utilisation and effective man power planning were also discussed at length. Action plans for enhancement of revenue loading, planning of special trains and augmentation of passenger carrying capacity were also discussed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16498542", "title": "Foodgrain racket busted, cops seize 200 grain sacks", "text": "NASHIK: Two hundred sacks of foodgrains were confiscated by the district supply office (DSO) with the help of the Adgaon police on Thursday evening.Cops caught the godown owner, who is now in police custody, emptying the sacks from trucks at his godown on Aurangabad Road. The DSO has filed an first information report (FIR) following the incident.Acting on a tip-off over the government's ration for the poor being dumped at a private godown and later being sold in the open market, volunteers of the Youth Congress Nashik wing, reached the godown at 7pm on Thursday, which was located behind Sahara Marbles on Aurangabad Road.The Adgaon police and the DSO were informed immediately while the volunteers held the owner of the godown, Pawan Chowdhary, and labourers involved in carrying out the illegal activity.Senior inspector at the Adgaon police station, S S Doule, and his staff along with district supply officMahesh Patil and his staff reached the spot and conducted the panchanama.\"We were keeping a watch on them since 5pm and noticed three trucks of foodgrains being emptied at the godown. These sacks were filled and sealed by the government for the poor. Ideally, it should go to ration shops directly but were brought here from the central warehouse at Ambad. These sacks were being emptied out of the government sealed sacks into common unmarked sacksgunny bags,\" said Rammi Rajput, district president of the youth Congress in Nashik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16499053", "title": "Balakrishna Marar\u2019s birthday fete today", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Union minister of state for home Mullappally Ramachandran will inaugurate the 80th birthday celebrations of N E Balakrishna Marar, the owner of Poorna Publications and Touring Book Stall, on Saturday. The event will also mark the 46 anniversary of Poorna Publications.O N V Kurup will preside over the function and minister for social welfare and panchayats M K Muneer will honour Marar with a 'ponnada'.Mayor A K Premajam and M K Raghavan, MP will jointly present the memento. A Prdeep Kumar, MLA, will release the book 'Poornathathedunna Padamudrakal' and Mathrubhumi managing director M P Veeerendrakumar will release the audio book. P V Chandran, Panniyan Raveendran, Thottathil Raveendran and P S Sreedharan Pillai will speak. T Padmanabhan will inaugurate the literary meet in the evening at a function presided over by C Radhakrishnan. Former president of Kendra Sahitya Akademi Gopichand Narang will deliver a talk on 'future of books in electronic age.' Tamil translation of Marar's autobiography will be released by Tamil writer Sirpi Balasubramaniam. U A Khader, K L Mohanavarma, George Onakkoor, Sethu and Punathil Kunhabdulla will attend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16498860", "title": "The race to White House: Most expensive ever, and negative too", "text": "With less than two months to go for the US presidential elections, the war between President Obama and his Republican challenger Mitt Romney is turning in to a mud-slinging slugfest of epic proportions. Not only is this election cycle billed as the most expensive ever, analysis of campaign ads on TV show that it is easily the most negative one.Between April 26 and Sept 8 this year, the Democrats aired 315,556 ads on TV - only slightly more than the 302,580 ads put out by the Republicans. Almost three quarters (72%) of the pro-Romney ads were negative, attacking Obama. In return, nearly half (46%) of Democratic ads attacked Romney. These figures emerge from an analysis done by the Wesleyan Media Project, a political advertising analysis group based at Wesleyan University , Connecticut. The data was collected by Kantar Media/CMAG.\"We might be witnessing this fall an interesting magic trick: the mysterious disappearance of the positive ad,\" said Wesleyan Media Project co-director Michael Franz.In the 2008 contest between Obama and John McCain , just 24% of pro-Obama ads attacked McCain or Republicans, while 41% of pro-McCain ads were negative, according to the Wisconsin Advertising Project.Interestingly, the this rise of negativity - including what many observers allege lies and half-truths - in campaign ads, seems to be directly linked to the enormous growth of money flowing in from interest groups and lobbies. Over 54% of Republican ads have been paid for by these interest groups and only 30% by Romney from what he has himself raised. In Obama's case the situation is dramatically different: nearly 89% of his ads have been sponsored by his own war chest and only 9% by \"outside spenders\".According to the Center for Responsive Politics (CRP), which tracks political financing, over $382 million has been spent by outside spenders in the current election cycle which includes the presidential race and also several House and Senate contests. Compare this to the $348 million raised by President Obama till date and $193 million raised by Mitt Romney.So who are these \"outside spenders\" and why have they become so important? After a January 2010 supreme court ruling in Citizens United vs Federal Election Commission , corporations and unions are allowed to spend directly and through organizations in election campaigns without fully disclosing their sources. This led to the emergence of a new, powerful fund-source - the super-PAC (political action committee). These are responsible for a big share of heavy duty funding of ads and other campaign material being churned out this season.Another funding source that is practically out of the tracking radar are the 527's - so called because they are registered under section 527 of the Internal Revenue Code. CRP estimates that till September 14, these shadowy organizations have spent about $266 million out of which about $91 million was focused on the presidential race while the rest on the state level elections.Meanwhile donation trends till now show the consolidation of most big money sectors behind Romney - finance, real estate, insurance, defense, pharma, agribusiness etc. However, media, Hollywood and the internet sectors continue to rally behind President Obama.Overall, analysts expect that this election cycle will see spending reach nearly $6 billion of which nearly half will be for the White House stakes. So, expect a lot of money to flow in the coming days, till the election on November 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16499774", "title": "Diet to bridge Dosa-Momo divide", "text": "In a country where food habits are as different as languages, diabetologists are planning to come up with diet charts for people based on the state or region they come from.Doctors who are not diabetologists often get patients from other states, but are not sure of the diet they should recommend. \"The staple food is different in the north and the south. If a south Indian in Delhi is told not to consume rice, but just two slices of bread with dal, he will not be able to follow it,\" says Dr C R Anand Moses, professor and director of the Institute of Diabetology at Madras Medical College. \"The situation arises also when people travel to other states to get treated. Doctors sometimes won't have the time to understand every patient's food habits and modify it. This nutrition diet chart will help such people.\"The diet plan will be formulated with inputs from 15 diet presentations made by doctors from different states at the 40th annual meeting of the Research Society for the Study of Diabetes in India, which will be held in the city from October 26 to 28. \"We will study the staple food and popular dishes in the region, figure out the elements contributing to diabetes and discuss ways to modify the calorie content with other supplements,\" says Dr Banshi Saboo, diabetologist and founder of Ahmedabad-based Diacare.Doctors say they intend to follow two thumb rules\u2014Try to maintain the calorie count and take maximum advantage of locally available food. The chart could be drawn for every state because food habits vary even within a region like the north. \"In Gujarat, people consume dal, sabji and rice, but add jaggery to everything. In Punjab and Rajasthan, rice consumption is minimal, but wheat consumption is high,\" says Dr Saboo. Food in Punjab, Kashmir and Himachal Pradesh has a lot of fat content which has to be brought down by cutting down butter intake and recommending more pulses, he says.In south India, the staple food \u2014 rice is consumed for all three meals, making it high in carbohydrate content. However, the oil and pulses consumed here differs from one state to another. \"In TN, people consume more of Bengal gram and green gram, so it is easy for us to replace rice with pulses, compared to north India toor dal is preffered,\" says Dr Moses.India has 62.4 million diabetics, of whom 80% are treated by primary care physicians or family physicians . \"In the US, it is very easy to suggest a diet plan which can be prescribed to all patients. Here, in some northeastern states, where the local food is different, there is not a single clinic specialising in diabetes care,\" says Dr V Mohan, chairman and chief diabetologist at Dr Mohan's Diabetes Specialties Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500302", "title": "Fuel loading starts at Kudankulam", "text": "CHENNAI: Loading of uranium fuel in the first unit of the Kudankulam nuclear power plant started on Wednesday, the Vinayaka Chaturthi day, as the controversial project took a major step towards becoming operational. The Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) had given its final clearance for loading fuel on Tuesday night.\"Fuel loading has started and it will take at least 10 days for the process to be completed ,\" said a Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL) official. Each of the two Russian-made VVER reactors in the plant is capable of generating 1,000MW power. \"The nod for loading uranium-235 fuel was given on Tuesday and the plant authorities must have started loading the next day. There is nothing that could have stopped them from loading fuel in the first unit,\" AERB chief S S Bajaj told TOI from Vienna. The loading process was started without any publicity as per advice from central and state governments. The fuel supplied by Russia was moved to the reactor room by scientists last week. Apart from an AERB team, NPCIL officials and Russian engineers witnessed the crucial event, the last major step before commissioning of the plant.Officials from the International Atomic Energy Agency are likely to visit the plant before the reactor vessel is closed after loading fuel, NPCIL sources said. Once the fuel loading is complete, the AERB will give clearance for closing the reactor vessel and it would take another 10 to 15 days for the unit to attain criticality, when power generation will start, said an NPCIL official. The unit is likely to be synchronised with the power grid by October-end . Though plant officials are confident of meeting the deadline, there are some apprehensions as the Russian reactor is the first of its kind in the country and it may take some more time to fully operationalise the unit. The AERB had given its approval for loading fuel on August 11, but laid stringent conditions to be fulfilled before beginning the process. \"After the nod, we also sent a team of officials to give clearance, if required , then and there,\" said Bajaj. The project, which has faced several problems since being launched, finally cleared the legal hurdles when the Madras high court and later the Supreme Court refused to stop loading of fuel. This is the first time that a nuclear reactor capable of generating 1,000 MW is being operationalised in the country. As of now, the biggest operational reactors in India are the two 540MW reactors at Tarapur in Maharashtra. All other reactors are smaller in size. The Russian abbreviation VVER stands for water-cooled , watermoderated energy reactor. Apart from Russia, China also has similar reactors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16498936", "title": "3 booked for cheating", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri police have booked three youths for allegedly duping a 50-year-old man from Andheri to the tune of Rs 10 lakh on the pretext of getting his son admitted in a medical college in the city.A complaint has been lodged by Jagannath Chavan with the Pimpri police station. The police have booked the youths under section 420 (cheating) of the IPC Indian Penal Code.Sub-inspector S V Rakh said the suspects met Chavan in Aurangabad when he was trying for his son's admission in a medical college. They told him that they would help him obtain admission at a medical college in Pune or Kolhapur. \"They asked him to pay Rs 10 lakh in advance,\" Rakh said.Rakh said that on August 3, Chavan met the trio on the premises of a college in the city and gave them Rs 10 lakh. \"He finally approached the police when he did not get any response from the trio,\" he said.Rakh said that investigations have revealed that the trio had duped two more persons in Aurangabad in the same manner.The suspects are presently in the custody of the Aurangabad police. \"We will soon get them transferred here for investigations,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16498611", "title": "Anniversary celebrations by Deolali Air Force Station", "text": "NASHIK: On account of the 80th anniversary of Indian Air Force on October 8, the Indian Air Force Station Deolali (South), Nashik, has organized a gathering with dinner in Officers' Mess and Cocktails in State Non Commissioned Officers' (SNCO) Mess for all retired officers and SNCOs on October 6 and 7. For more details about the programmes, the concerned officers may contact the Station Adjutant on (0253)2805201-7210.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16497805", "title": "Biofuel firm Hanjeer to set up waste plant in 1 year", "text": "BANGALORE: The government finally appears to have a solution to garbage segregation and disposal in Bangalore.The cabinet meeting on Friday approved the establishment of a fully automated segregation plant on develop-build-operate-transfer (DBOT) basis by BBMP through Hanjeer Biotech Energy Private Ltd.\"The company will be given 10 acres of land in Subbaramanapalya village, Tavarekere hobli in Ramohalli post, Bangalore Rural, on lease for 20 years to set up the fully automated segregation plant,\" law minister S Suresh Kumar told reporters.Hanjeer is running a plant in Salem in Tamil Nadu , which was inspected before the deal was finalized.The company has agreed to reduce waste receipt fee (tipping fee) to Rs 70 from Rs 83 per metric tonne, which it had earlier quoted, for segregation of solid waste. \"After negotiations, the company reduced the fee,\" a senior minister said.The company reportedly assured the government that it would start the plant within a year from the date of agreement, and has agreed to pay Rs 7.50 crore as performance security. A technical committee headed by HN Chanakya, professor, Indian Institute of Sciences (IISc), has been constituted to establish the automated plant.The urban development department had directed the BBMP commissioner to give a report on savings to the civic body through this proposal, and comparative rates for segregation facilities in other cities. According to the report laid before the cabinet, approximately 200 MT of solid waste is being transported to Gundlahalli village in Doddaballapur taluk to Terra Firma solid waste plant, 80km from the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500145", "title": "IPS trainee gets bail, advised to settle row with ex-girlfriend", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Friday granted anticipatory bail to a trainee IPS officer , R V Varun Kumar , and his parents , nearly five months after a case of dowry and woman harassment was registered against him . Justice G M Akbar Ali, admonishing the trainee and advising him to reach a compromise with his estranged friend , who is the complainant , directed him to execute a personal bond for 1 lakh along with two sureties each for a like sum , and report to the Central Crime Branch police daily at 10am for four weeks. According to Priyadarshini , who lodged the complaint against the trainee officer , the two were friends since 2007 and Varun Kumar had promised to marry her . However , after being selectedfor IPS in 2011,his attitude towards her changed and he and his parents demanded dowry of two kilo gold , 50 lakhin cash and a luxury car , she said . Varun Kumar and his parents , who were also cited as accused by the CCB, have denied the allegations . They said there was no dowry demand from them and that Priyadarshini was taking advantage of his friendship with her to level untenable allegations . Justice Akbar Ali, noting thatV arun Kumar was a budding IPS officer andthat nongrant of anticipatory bail would notbenefiteither side, said , \"It will be fit in the circumstances to grant the relief to the petitioners , however , with an admonition to Varun Kumar that having been selected to a responsible position ,he may gofor conciliation to take a right decision so that he himself can put an end to this issue to which he also contributed to a great extent .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16498942", "title": "Will procurement of new Kadamba transport corporation buses help improve transport services in the state?", "text": "No, just purchasing new buses will not improve transport services as Kadamba transport corporation (KTC) authorities should also maintain and take good care of the buses. The buses should also be run efficiently. It is very unfortunate that a good number of buses are badly maintained. Plying badly maintained buses endangers the lives of passengers and other road users and adds to the congestion on roads. It is also necessary to employ good, disciplined and educated drivers and conductors who know to behave with passengers and are not rude. Besides this, the buses need to be inspected by good mechanics to make them roadworthy and RTOs must check the buses periodically.Fatima D'Sa Former transport minister, PorvorimThe procurement of new buses by the KTC will help improve transport services only if buses are taken good care of and run efficiently. It is necessary for the buses to leave on time and arrive at their destinations on time so that students and daily commuters can travel comfortably and quickly without wasting time. The situation right now is not very satisfactory and needs improvement. In spite of having good roads, the transport network is not up to the mark, especially in rural areas.Yugank Naik Student, Savoi VeremI personally travel by Kadamba buses and I feel that they must run more services in remote areas to provide good and efficient services across the state. However, I feel that more than new buses, what we need is a more efficient organization and maintenance of the buses by the government.Tanvi Naik Student, MargaoThe procurement of new buses and their addition into the KTC bus fleet will definitely improve the transport services. Some of the buses of the KTC fleet are very old and hence frequently breakdown, causing inconvenience to the passengers. The replacement of these buses by new buses will not only help KTC financially in the long run by giving better fuel efficiency, but will also ensure better passenger safety and convenience.Elton Rodrigues Student, Margao", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497186", "title": "Tehsildar fiasco over ID parade may affect Kwatra probe: Cops", "text": "MUMBAI: For the past three months, police stations from Goregaon to Dahisar have been finding it tough to carry out identification parades of accused persons owing to lack of clarity on which tehsildar should oversee the exercise. Investigators fear that the roadblock might affect the probe into Navraj Kwatra's murder for which four persons have been held.An identification parade is a technical procedure in which witnesses are asked to pinpoint an accused from a group of people presented in front of them, usually inside a prison. \"Most of the people arrested for committing offences in north Mumbai are sent to Thane prison. Last year, the suburban collector issued a circular to tehsildar offices in Andheri, Kurla and Borivli, asking them to oversee identification parades only in prisons under their jurisdiction. As Borivli has no prison, the tehsildar's office there sent us a letter that they should not be contacted for ID parades,\" said an official from the MHB Colony police station, where the Kwatra murder case has been registered. \"When we approached the Thane tehsildar's office requesting them to oversee the ID parades of accused caught by us and lodged in Thane jail, they asked us to contact the tehsildar under whose jurisdiction the crime was committed.\"The police fear that with the Kwatra murder accused\u2014once they are sent to Thane prison after being remanded in judicial custody\u2014they would face the same problem over finding the right tehsildar. Zonal DCP Mahesh Patil confirmed the problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16500881", "title": "Congress to quit Mamata govt in West Bengal today", "text": "KOLKATA: The six Congress ministers in the Mamata Banerjee government in West Bengal would resign on Saturday and withdraw support to it.The Congress ministers would seek an appointment with the chief minister today to submit their resignations and also meet Governor MK Narayanan to withdraw support.\"The WBPCC would meet at 11:30 am today. Thereafter, six ministers led by Irrigation Minister Manas Bhunia will seek an appointment with the chief minister for submitting their resignation,\" WBPCC president Pradip Bhattacharya told a press conference here.\"The resignation of the six Congress ministers is in reply to what the TMC ministers did in Delhi,\" Bhattacharya said.The party leadership would also meet the Governor when given time to withdraw support and the change of status in the state assembly, he said.\"The resignation of our ministers and withdrawal of support by us is also in protest against deteriorating law and order, growing crime against women and attack on Congress workers in the state,\" he said.Describing Trinamool's withdrawal of support to UPA government as 'unfortunate', Mr Bhattacharya said \"the TMC chief is answerable to the people for this.\"Bhattacharya also described the praise of the Trinamool chief by BJP leaders as 'a threat to the nation' and alleged proximity of CPI(M) leaders to BJP leaders.Despite the development, the WBPCC president said Congress would request the Trinamool Congress not to field any candidate against its candidate Abhijit Mukherjee, son of President Pranab Mukherjee , in the Lok Sabha by-election at Jangipur on October 10.\"From the political point of view, we have a right to make this appeal as we did not put any candidate at Bankura, Daspur and Basirhat assembly by-elections against TMC\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16498496", "title": "Nine cases of cholera reported in one week", "text": "PUNE: More instances of water-borne diseases are surfacing in the city with nine cases of cholera being reported last week.Doctors have been noticing a considerable increase in water-borne diseases like gastroenteritis, diarrhoea, typhoid and jaundice in Pune over the last two months. Lack of rainfall and water shortage are compelling people to use water that may not be clean, say experts.Cholera, an acute intestinal infection caused by ingestion of food or water contaminated with the bacterium vibrio cholerae, has the potential to spread rapidly, leading to an acute public health problem. \"Nine cases of cholera in a week is a high number but not an outbreak, said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health (MoH), Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC). \"We are monitoring the situation and there is no need to panic,\" he added.All the cholera cases have been reported by private hospitals. \"Most patients are from the outskirts of the city,\" said another PMC medical officer.Residents of many localities in the city have complained about the stagnant taste of the water, doctors say, adding that such water should be boiled. They have also underlined the need to maintain hygienic conditions in dealing with food.\"Cholera has the potential to spread rapidly and special attention should be given to the surveillance and prompt follow-up action on reported cases of cholera,\" said paediatrician Sharad Agarkhedkar, former president of Indian Medical Association (IMA).According to the World Health Organisation , cholera has a short incubation period and produces an enterotoxin that causes copious, painless, watery diarrhoea that can quickly lead to severe dehydration and death, if treatment is not promptly given. Vomiting also occurs in most patients.Most persons infected with V. cholerae do not become ill, although the bacterium is present in their faeces for 7-14 days. When illness does occur, about 80-90% of episodes are of mild or moderate severity and are difficult to distinguish clinically from other types of acute diarrhoea.Less than 20% of ill persons develop typical cholera with signs of moderate or severe dehydration, say experts.\"Cholera remains a global threat and is one of the key indicators of social development. While the disease no longer poses a threat to countries with minimum standards of hygiene, it remains a challenge to countries where access to safe drinking water and adequate sanitation cannot be guaranteed. Almost every developing country faces cholera outbreaks or the threat of a cholera epidemic,\" said paediatrician Sanjay Lalwani, head of the paediatrics department at Bharati Hospital.According to reports collated from private hospitals, there were two cholera cases each in May and June. As many as 10 cases of cholera were reported throughout the month of August, while nine cholera cases were reported last week in September, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16499603", "title": "Trichy fire station gets a 'lift unto the sky'", "text": "TRICHY: The Trichy region fire station, which is reeling under a shortage of breathing apparatus, deplorable working conditions, a leaking ceiling at their PWD-controlled regional office and rent arrears reaching a crore of rupees, has now got a new Skylift. The Rs 4 crore worth, Finland-made Bronto Skylift, with a 42-metre aerial can reach a height of 12 floors.However, with the tallest building in Trichy being only a couple of seven-storied apartments, the supply of the Skylift (truck mounted hydraulic platform), is seen by the officers as redundant when their other requirements have still not been met. Moreover, fire personnel felt that such a giant vehicle for a city like Trichy, where most dwellings are ground-plus-two structures that nestle among narrow streets punctuated by a crisscrossing maze of electric and cable wires, would not justify the cost. Interestingly, a request for such a vehicle was sent from Trichy as early as 2001, but that went unheeded then.This time, the north region comprising Chennai city and suburban divisions got a delivery of two of the four Skylifts ordered a couple of months ago. Prior to the delivery of the brand new vehicles from Finland , the region had two Skylifts, one with a three-boom reach of 42 metres and another of 37 metres. The two 12-year-old vehicles were shunted to Trichy and Madurai regions respectively. Since Madurai is more thickly populated and its clusters of dwellings nestled narrowly, the 37-metre reach vehicle was sent to the temple city.Fire brigade personnel said that since Trichy and Madurai are not metro cities where digitalization of cable television is mandatory, the maze of omnipresent cable wires would not allow the vehicle free movement in times of an emergency. Also, since most of the structures are not built strictly adhering to the national building code whereby a 15-metre high structure should leave a seven-metre wide empty space around, the Skylift would only be useful for daily drills.The state is divided into five regions and the Central Region has nine divisions, including Trichy. There are eight fire stations in Trichy division - Trichy, Srirangam, Navalpattu, Manapparai, Pullampadi, Thuvarankurichi, Lalgudi and Uppiliyapuram. The vehicle was delivered to Trichy a couple of weeks ago and eight persons are being given special training to operate it. It can hold a maximum of five persons, but the vehicle will need a space of 21 feet across, a far cry from the current topography of the city. An officer said that they could still use the vehicle to spray water from a distance over slum areas or a cluster of small constructions.The Trichy station had instead requested for small fire engines, the size of a jeep with a 200-litre capacity and a 200 ft hose which can slither in all directions. The station had the last of such a vehicle in 1989 that was subsequently condemned. \"It would cost only Rs four lakh and a vehicle would be sufficient for two stations. Our eight-year-old request for such a vehicle has fallen on deaf years,\" said an officer, who did not want to be named. However, the state government has in the meanwhile procured 38 Impulse Fire Extinguishing Systems mounted on Enfield Bullets motorcycles and Trichy would soon get seven of them, the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16499218", "title": "Liquor shops to shut", "text": "BANGALORE: Liquor shops in east and northern areas of Bangalore will be closed between 6am on Sunday and 6am on Monday for Ganesha processions.Prohibitory orders have been imposed on areas under 14 police stations . No liquor shops will be open in the police limits of Shivajinagar, Bharathinagar , Commercial Street, Pulakeshinagar , DJ Halli, Hennur, Banaswadi , KG Halli, DJ Halli, Ulsoor, RT Nagar, Sanjaynagar and Hebbal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497323", "title": "Railway Board rejects study for CST-Kalyan elevated route", "text": "MUMBAI: The Railway Board has refused permission to conduct a pre-feasibility study for the CST-Kalyan high-speed elevated corridor. The then railway minister, Dinesh Trivedi, had assured in his budget speech that a \"pre-feasibility study for the 55km long CST-Kalyan elevated project is proposed to be undertaken in due course\".After the board approved the Churchgate-Virar elevated corridor on Western Railway (WR), Central Railway had also pitched for a similar project between CST and Kalyan in December 2011.A senior CR official said, \"Apart from the Churchgate-Virar elevated project to be executed by WR, the Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation has also undertaken pre-feasibility study for CST-Panvel high-speed and Panvel-Vasai-Virar suburban corridor. Moreover, the additional fifth and sixth line is yet to be fully commissioned. Considering the slew of projects in the pipeline, the board is not convinced about the necessity of the CST-Kalyan elevated corridor at this point of time.\"CR had planned to appoint the Rail Indian Technical and Economic Services (RITES) to carry out the survey for the project that could have cost Rs 16,500 crore.The official said, \"The reason behind the study was to identify the alignments along the 55-km route, location of stations and other infrastructural needs for the project. It would have also provided initial estimates of the cost involved in execution of the corridor, which will see trains plying with air-conditioned coaches.\"CR officials are disappointed with the development. An official said, \"The pre-feasibility study would not have cost more than Rs 10 crore. However, the elevated route is the only option left to expand the suburban service in Mumbai. There are days in monsoon when the entire system comes to a halt because of waterlogging at a few stretches.\"The state government is keen on the project due to rapid development in the extended suburbs between Thane and Kalyan.The peak hour load of passengers per coach may decline in the short term after 72 new rakes begin to get inducted in the railway fleet by 2015. Of these, half will be handed over to WR and some will be deployed on harbour as well as trans-harbour line.The official said, \"These are temporary measures but in the year to come, the only viable option to reduce the peak-hour load is for the elevated route. There is no space to lay an additional track to build capacity in future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16498646", "title": "IRS officer's laptop seized", "text": "NAGPUR: IRS officer Nishant Kullulathil, who was arrested on Thursday by Gittikhadan police on charges of filming obscene acts with his wife, who too is a trainee IRS officer, will be kept in police custody till September 25 as per court's order.On Wednesday, after his wife's complaint, police had registered offences of unnatural acts, dowry and harassment against Nishant, his mother Rama and sister Rupa, all residents of Bangalore.A team was sent to Bangalore on Wednesday evening. Nishant and his family had fled from home, which was locked when the cops reached there. However, despite pressure from senior politicians and senior police officers not to arrest Nishant, Gittikhadan police team acted swiftly and arrested him from his friend's residence at Bangalore. He was brought to the city on Thursday night.He was produced in the court on Friday. On cop's request, he was given police custody till September 25. Police said that though Nishant has been denying the charges, they have collected evidence against him. Cops have seized a laptop with obscene videos in it.Cops said Nishant also had extramarital affairs. Sources said that many obscene video clips and pictures were found on his laptop. The cops are still searching for Rama and Rupa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16500912", "title": "VS, Lawrence in mudslinging match", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Strange things are happening in the CPM these days. A day after the state leadership of the CPM surrendered before a group of rebels at Mundoor in Palakkad, two veteran leaders engaged in a verbal duel in public.The fight of words between CITU state secretary M M Lawrence and opposition leader V S Achuthanandan has perplexed the CPM leadership and the cadres alike. In response to a comment by Lawrence questioning the stature of V S as a leader of Punnapra struggle, the latter on Friday resorted to a wily attack levelling serious personal allegations against the former.Sources said the spat violated the principle of mutual respect suggested for all comrades in the party constitution and is serious enough to earn disciplinary action.Speaking to reporters at Aluva on Friday VS alleged that Lawrence had forcefully admitted his wife to a mental asylum. \"It was Lawrence's second daughter who told me about it. She had said that she would go on hunger strike to save her mother. A doctor who treated her also shared the same information while I was serving as the chief minister. He told me secretly that he did all that because of a directive from Lawrence,\" VS said. He also warned Lawrence not to make him speak more about history.What had irked VS was the comment of Lawrence in a news channel debate that the veteran leader had been misusing party for personal gains all these years. Questioning the integrity of VS, Lawrence raised doubts on his presence in the Punnapra struggle. Lawrence alleged that at the time of the Punnapra armed struggle, VS had not been there. A section of historians and a few who had taken part in the struggle had alleged that at the time of armed attack at Punnapra, VS had been safely staying at a hideout at Poonjar.The veteran leader, who always took pride for his participation in Punnapra struggle, was shaken by the allegation and came out with a personal assault against Lawrence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497337", "title": "Affluent should not get LPG subsidy: CM", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) demanded withdrawal of subsidy on LPG cylinders for the affluent class, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday expressed support for the move.NCP minister Anil Deshmukh, who heads the food and civil supplies portfolio, had said that his department had even written to the Centre for withdrawal of subsidy for all income tax payers. \"I agree that there should be no subsidy for income tax payers,\" he said, adding that affidavits should be collected from taxpayers, saying that they do not need the subsidy.Chavan said he would talk to senior leaders in the NCP to quell any resentment among members of the coalition partner over the hike in diesel prices and cap on LPG cylinders.The chief minister is scheduled to meet NCP chief Sharad Pawar on Saturday and there will be several issues on the agenda, including the subsidy concerns of the party. NCP functionaries have already said that the two partners must discuss and deliberate on a decision on the cap on the number of LPG cylinders in Maharashtra during the state-level coordination committee meeting. State Congress president Manikrao Thakre has earlier hinted that any move by the state to cap LPG cylinders would result in huge bills.Hinting that any such move would run huge bills for the government already facing a financial crunch, Chavan said it would be difficult to source funding for such a measure. \"We don't know how much this bill would come up to. However, it would be difficult to make a provision for it,\" he said.Chavan also supported the plan for direct transfer of subsidy to the beneficiary by cheque and said this would not be difficult given the database available with regard to LPG distribution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16500389", "title": "Teachers compete to showcase their skills", "text": "COIMBATORE: An event organised by the Coimbatore Zone of the Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) on Friday allowed students to observe how well their teachers were teaching and how they stood in comparison to other teachers. The purpose of the event was to come up with the best creative teacher at Kumaraguru College of Technology (KCT) in the city.There were two different competitions for teachers. This included a competition for the best teacher and the best case study. This was the final of a series of competitions that were conducted earlier. For the teachers this was an opportunity to discuss ideas and novel teaching techniques. A Amar Karthick, an assistant professor of the Mechanical Department of the Bannariamman Institute of Technology at Erode who did one of the presentations said that there were different software which could be used to highlight a picture. \"For instance there is a software called 'Prezi', with which we can zoom into or out of a picture like an ant, to study its parts closely,\" he said. Likewise, there are several creative techniques to capture the interest of students, he said.Teachers said that they had prepared presentations and case studies in such a way as to help them in improving their teaching skills. K Hemamala a faculty assistant at the Amritha School of Business who presented a case study said that she along with her students had prepared it as part of the consultancy services they offer to firms. Preparing case studies will help students improve critical thinking skills and application of the theories, she says.P R Padma, a professor from Avinashilingam University who along with another teacher prepared a presentation on use of 'Nanoscience in day to day life', said that this was a learning experience for them on making the subject interesting. \"As a programme for a general audience, we had to come up with simpler examples and in a language understandable by those without a technical background. Ashok Bakthavathsalam, president of CII Coimbatore Zone said that the quality of students of an educational institute was mostly the responsibility of the teachers. The event was an initiative to help teachers develop their teaching skills. Prizes were distributed to teachers later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16502916", "title": "Joint combing ops begin in Jhumra", "text": "BOKARO: Police and the CRPF have jointly launched an anti-Naxalite operation in the forest and terrains of Luggu and Jhumra hills of Maoist-dominated Gomia block in the district.The search operation has begun following intelligence inputs of presence of armed Maoists squad of Ajay Mahto in the area.Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi and 26 Battalion CRPF commandant A Padma Kumar are heading the raid that began at the foothills of Jhumra.According to a police officer, the forces entered the area from different sides. They conducted intensive search into the forest villages. \"The security personnel are keeping tabs on various paths which Maoists use as escape routes.\"Five companies of the CRPF from Bokaro and two companies of CRPF, from Hazaribagh, have been pressed in to operation inside jungles.The security personnel are equipped with hi-tech weapons, bomb detecting equipment and they are ready to combat any attack of the Naxalites, said a police officer.The forces are moving to the interior of the forest cordoning it off from all sides.However, the thick forest cover and hilly terrain makes the area a safe haven for the Maoists. Jhumra is said to be major Maoists stronghold in the district.Checking on the roads has also been intensified in surrounding areas of Jhumra so that the Naxalites would not escape, said police sources.Koylanchal DIG Laxman Prasad Singh, who is monitoring the operation, confirmed that the security personnel launched a search for Maoists in Jhumra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16502866", "title": "Cloud over crop yield in districts of excess rain", "text": "RANCHI: The delayed onset of the monsoon has become a cause of worry for farmers in the state. Though the overall rainfall is still deficient by around 10 per cent (Jharkhand has received 920.8 mm as against a normal of 1025.5 mm till September 20), some of the districts have received heavy rainfall, as much as 342 per cent above normal. Gumla received excess rain--------about 22 per cent above normal. Pakur, East Singhbhum and Ramgarh have also received excess rainfall.In the week that ended on September 19, Sahibgunj and Dumka received 342 per cent and 281 per cent excess rain. Even Ranchi recorded 115 per cent surplus rain last week.Khunti and West Singhbhum, with 29 and 28 per cent deficit rain, continue to be the driest districts despite heavy downpours in the past two weeks. Meteorological experts believe the heavy downpour was not a regular monsoon rain but was caused by a cyclonic circulation. Officials at the Ranchi centre of the Indian Meteorological Department said the cyclonic system is slowly waning and a clear sky is expected in the next 48 hours.Agromet adviser and agriculture physicist, Birsa Agriculture University, A Wadood, said the heavy downpour in the latter part of the season is detrimental for upland and medium land crops. \"Farmers should ensure proper drainage or standing water could cause crop damage,\" he said.Wadood said stagnant water is extremely bad for maize. He, however, said the rains would be beneficial for lowland crops like paddy. \"Paddy plants that were sown in time have started flowering, whereas those sown late are gaining maturity. In either case, standing water is helpful for paddy,\" he said.Yet another cause of concern is proliferation of insects and pests. \"Farmers should start spraying insecticides if they find any plant affected once the sky clears,\" Wadood advised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16496777", "title": "CM promises memorial for \u2018Bapuji\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy said that the state government would build a memorial for Gandhian and pro-Telangana leader Konda Lakshman Bapuji, who passed away on Friday.Speaking on the condolence motion passed in the Assembly, the CM ordered a state funeral for Bapuji and said that the government would find a place for installing his statue. Speaker Nadendla Manohar agreed to allow a condolence speech on Konda Lakshman following a request made by opposition leader Chandrababu Naidu. YSRCP honorary president Y S Vijayalakshmi, PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana, TRS floor leader Etela Rajender and others condoled the death of the freedom fighter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16498465", "title": "Flood situation worsens in Assam, over 4 lakh hit", "text": "GUWAHATI: The flood situation in the state worsened further on Friday as one more person died, taking the death toll in the second wave of floods to three in two days. In the past 24 hours, the number of flood-affected districts has increased from 7 to 13. Over four lakh people have been hit so far.According to the state disaster management authority, one person drowned in Dibrugarh on Friday and two college students died in Tinsukia district on Thursday.In the last 24 hours, there was fresh flooding in the worst-hit Dhemaji district besides other areas in Tinsukia, Kamrup, Lakhimpur, Baksa, Barpeta, Dibrugarh, Golaghat, Jorhat, Nalbari, Sivasagar, Udalguri and Sonitpur. Floodwaters of the Brahmaputra also entered Kaziranga National Park for the second time while Majuli is under threat.State water resource minister Rajib Lochan Pegu said, \"The forecast says the situation will remain grim for the next two to three days. We are on maximum alert in Majuli and are keeping a vigil to check any kind of mass destruction by the floods.\"According to state disaster management authority, the Brahmaputra is flowing above the danger mark at Dibrugarh and Nematighat, while the Dhansiri is in spate at Numaligarh, Jia Bharali at Sonitpur, Manas and the Beki in Barpeta.In Lakhimpur district alone, 1,14,598 people have been affected. Altogether 36 relief camps have been set up where 40,611 people have taken shelter. In Sivasagar district, floodwaters have breached a dyke at Dolopa. In Majuli, the Sonowal-Kachari dyke has been breached. An embankment on the Nona river at Rangia and the Chawlkhowa dyke near Bogibil in Dibrugarh have also been breached.The state disaster response force has been pressed into service in Dibrugarh. In Dhemaji district, 10 machine boats and 32 country boats have been engaged to rescue marooned people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16500704", "title": "Terrified with cops' narration of prison stories, man escapes on way to jail", "text": "INDORE: On the run for over two months, a murder accused from the city surrendered to police in Tamil Nadu . The police decided to bring him to Indore by train to hand him over to the local cops. However, the police from the southern state narrated him tales of how murder accused are treated in jail, all the way from TN. Terrified, the surrendered accused changed his mind and managed to escape from the clutches of the police. But soon the cops caught him back and handed him over to the Indore cops.Taking serious cognizance of the lapse, senior police officials suspended two cops for their negligence while escorting the murder accused.Prakash Anna is accused of killing Devkanya, 35, wife of Dwarka Prasad and resident of Nandbag. The woman's body was found on the bypass on July 10.Anna surrendered under the weight of his conscience. While on their way back to Indore, the police befriended him and explained the severity of his crime, punishment it entailed and similar cases. This scared the accused who found a chance and slipped away from the clutches of the cops.Rearrested, Anna was brought to Indore. During interrogation, he confessed to the crime of killing the woman over a money dispute. He disclosed how he came in touch with the woman. He said that he met an auto-rickshaw driver at Gangwal bus stand and asked him to bring him a prostitute. The auto-rickhsaw driver called the deceased woman. The two went to a lodge in Chhotigwaltoli area, boozed and stayed there for a few hours.Devkanya had demanded Rs 4,000 while the accused was ready to pay her only Rs 3,000. The argument took a violent turn and the accused took her to the bypass road and killed her by hitting her with a liquor bottle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16502484", "title": "Karnataka HC stays AITA ban on Mahesh Bhupathi, Rohan Bopanna", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Saturday stayed the two-year AITA ban on tennis players Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna from representing the country till June 30, 2014 on disciplinary grounds.Hearing a writ petition filed by the duo challenging the two-year ban imposed by All India Tennis Association, justice Mohan Shantanagoudar ordered issue of emergent notice to AITA and the sports ministry.The judge also stayed the impugned decision of the AITA. Counsel Aditya Sondhi, representing the two players, submitted that the AITA decision was \"arbitrary as it was taken without hearing them\".Bhupathi had recently threatened to drag AITA to the court for ousting him from India's Davis Cup squad along with Rohan Bopanna, saying he was exploring if the national tennis federation's move was legal.AITA had taken the decision hours after India's young Davis Cup team took an unassailable 3-0 lead against New Zealand in Chandigarh on September 15.Meanwhile, when asked about the decision of the high court, Bhupathi's father Krishna Bhupathi refused to react, saying \"I will not comment as the matter is sub-judice\".Sondhi told reporters that Bhupathi and Bopanna challenged the AITA decision on the ground they were not even served a notice before slapping the ban.Both players in their petition submitted that AITA did not hear their views and also failed to convey its order of ban.The players contended that they came to know about the decision through media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "16498536", "title": "Punjab: Father, brother arrested for girl's murder", "text": "AMBALA: In a suspected case of honour killing, the Punjab police on Friday booked the family of a 19-year-old girl on charges of killing her in a village in Ambala district. Officers investigating the murder said prima facie the father and the brother of the girl, Komal, were against her relationship with Sanju, 25, as \"he belonged to a lower caste\".Komal and Sanju of Siyana Saida village had eloped on September 18 and reached Laha village in Ambala where Sanju had a fruit orchard. As per the police complaint filed by Sanju's brother Dalbir, the family members of Komal followed her to Laha village.According to the complaint, Komal's father Narender Singh, brother Moni, along with two other youth, went looking for her in the orchard, where Sanju's family lives. \"Komal's father and brother attacked us and began beating up Sanju. While I managed to flee along with few family members, Narender and Moni caught hold of Sanju. When we returned, Komal was found dead in a small room built in the orchard and Sanju was missing,\" Dalbir said in his complaint.While Sanju is still missing, Komal was found with a dupatta tied round her neck.\"It seems the accused tried to make the murder look like a suicide,\" said Harbajan Singh, SHO, Naraingarh.Dalbir has also alleged that Sanju has been killed. Police have registered a case of murder and kidnapping against Narender and Moni. \"There's definitely is a caste angle. We are investigating,\" said Najnin Bhasin, deputy commissioner of police (rural), Ambala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497623", "title": "Report of first immersion death creeps in", "text": "MUMBAI: A man of 35 drowned in a lake in Aarey Colony during Ganpati immersion on Thursday night. Shakti Baviskar was a resident of Nashik Chawl in the colony's unit 32. The police said he had gone to O P lake; he slipped in a part of the lake were lifeguards were not present. Civic officials say lifeguards have been posted at all immersions points, including O P lake, where they were helping devotees. Baviskar slipped in through gate No 1 and entered a portion of the lake that was deep; he could not manage to stay afloat. After he drowned, the lifeguards launched a search and rescue operation and pulled out his body. He was taken to Lifeline Hospital, Goregaon, where doctors declared him dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16499526", "title": "SpiceJet's Trichy-Chennai flight cancelled", "text": "TRICHY: SpiceJet launched its inaugural flight to Colombo from Madurai on Thursday with much fanfare. But what many did not know was that the usual Trichy-Chennai SpiceJet was cancelled on the same day. Passengers speculated that this Chennai-Trichy-Chennai SpiceJet was diverted to Madurai-Colomobo-Madurai, and the neglect of Trichy's airport was complete as Friday's Chennai-Trichy-Chennai service too was cancelled.Denying that the Trichy flight was diverted to Colombo, a SpiceJet manager said, \"There were many cancellations on Thursday due to technical reasons.\" A ticketing staff said fewer than 12 passengers had been booked on the Trichy-Chennai 70-seater flight on Thursday, and it was cancelled due to commercial reasons. Those passengers who had booked on SpiceJet on Thursday and Friday were refunded. However, the Saturday flight would resume as scheduled, said the staff. There are three flights to Chennai from Trichy daily; SpiceJet operates one at 5.30, and the other two services are operated by Jet Airways at 3.50 pm and 7.30 pm respectively. Kingfisher, that was operating to Colombo and Chennai until five months ago, has been grounded indefinitely.Passengers are worried that Trichy is slowly and steadily being neglected since the PM announced that it would be elevated to an international airport, feel residents of the city. Moreover, this airport does not as yet operate domestic services to cities like Bangalore, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Delhi, Pune, Cochin, Coimbatore or even Trivandrum. Indigo, India's low-cost carrier that operates two daily services to New Delhi via Chennai and Mumbai, has yet to land in Trichy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16501581", "title": "Rajasthanis stranded in Kuwait; families urge state govt to intervene", "text": "JAIPUR: With the US-led attack on Iraq entered on the second day many Indians including Rajasthanis have been deported back to their respective homes. Most of these Rajasthanis hail from Sikar, Jhunjhunu, Churu, Udaipur, Jodhpur and other parts of the state. Amidst these reports their families back home are jittery and have sought the intervention of the state government for a safe arrival of their kin.At least 1000 people from Rajasthan were deported from Kuwait since Thursday as they were allegedly found involved in crime as well as many of them were declared as 'Ilegal immigrant' as their VISAs had already expired. With the developments in Kuwait, many people of the state whose kin had gone there are jittery.\"My son Ashfaq is the only earning member. If he will return back, what will he do,\" said Nafisa Bano, a native of Laxmangarh village in Jhunjunu district of the state. Thousands of families in the southern Rajasthan are facing sleepless nights since Wednesday when several Indians were detained by the Kuwait police for alleged visa abuse. Fearing police atrocities, these families have approached the state government, which in turn, has sought the intervention of the external affairs ministry to resolve the issue and ensure safe return of the Indians.According to the sources, of the nearly 25000 Indians detained, at least 18,000 belongs to Rajasthan. \"They had gone to Kuwait on 'khadim visa' which allows them to work as a domestic help in the country. The Kuwait police, however, alleged that the Indians were working in corporate houses or industries, thereby, violating the visa norms,\" said an official.On Friday the chief minister Ashok Gehlot has also asked authorities to monitor the situation and prepare a factual report on the crisis.Congress MP from Udaipur Raghuveer Meena said, \"I will contact the Indian high commissioner in Kuwait to take up the issue and apprise the government too.\"Many people who are in touch with the social networking sites have also sent messages via facebook and twitter accounts to their kin.\"I left a message on my cousin's Facebook account, but have received no response,\" said Sahil Qureshi, a resident of Sikar. Several are glued to their television sets to get regular updates.Most Indians, a majority of whom are from southern districts of Rajasthan, who wish to go to Kuwait for jobs are often tricked by agents, said activists. \"Most of them are illiterate and don't understand the nature of the visa they are being given. They end up being exploited,\" said Ashfaq Kaimkhany, a social activist who has rescued Indians from the Shekhawati region stranded in gulf countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16502164", "title": "Girl's family seeks rapist's arrest", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Family members and relatives of a schoolgirl staged demonstration at Mahila police station here on Friday, demanding the immediate arrest of a carpenter for allegedly raping her and filming the incident on his mobile phone.Police said the accused, Bulu Maharana, was a resident of Saradeipur on the outskirts of Bhubaneswar. The man had befriended the Class IX girl at a nearby village recently and developed an illicit relation with her.\"My daughter was innocent and fell into his trap. He took advantage of her simplicity and filmed her nude photos without her knowledge,\" the girl's mother told media persons. \"He is a threat to my daughter as long as he is outside. He has already circulated her vulgar video clippings in the market,\" the worried woman said. \"We have no problem if the accused marries my daughter immediately,\" she added.Police said they had registered a case of rape against Maharana on September 11 based on an FIR lodged by the girl's family. \"We have conducted several raids to catch the accused, but he was not present. He would be arrested soon,\" ACP (Zone-I) Nihar Das said.\"The girl's family has been receiving threats from the accused to withdraw the case. He is also trying to lure them with money. Police should detain Maharana's family members to catch him,\" said social activist Sarita Bhoi. \"We cannot detain Maharana's family members as it would amount to violation of human rights,\" the ACP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16499360", "title": "BJP youth wing submits complaints against PM", "text": "LUCKNOW: The members of BJP's youth wing, Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha, submitted complaints alleging Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's complicity in coal block allottments at 128 police stations across the state on Friday.Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM) state president Harish Dwivedi led a protest march in Hazratganj amid slogan-shouting by supporters.The Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha activists tried to hand over the complaint against PM to circle officer Dinesh Yadav but he directed them to submit the same at Hazratganj police station. The Hazratganj police received the complaint but did not lodge any FIR.SSP RK Chaturvedi said since the complaint did not relate to Lucknow jurisdiction, there was no question of lodging an FIR.BJYM president Dwivedi told TOI that Hazratganj police gave them a receiving of the complaint.He added that the aim of the BJYM was to highlight the complicity of the Prime Minister Manmohan Singhin the coal block allocations and alleged that since Manmohan Singh was coal minister at the time of allotments, his complicity must have been there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16498692", "title": "La Mart principal, teachers cleared in Rouvanjit case", "text": "KOLKATA: A fast-track court on Friday acquitted La Martiniere for Boys principal Sunirmal Chakravarthi and three teachers of the school of all charges in the Rouvanjit Rawla suicide case.The Class VIII student had hanged himself at his home on February 12, 2010. On June 7 that year, his father Ajay Rawla registered an FIR at Shakespeare Sarani police station against Chakravarthi, and teachers Lionel Jude Gunnion, David Royan and Partha Dutta, alleging that the boy committed suicide after being caned in school.Police charged them for culpable homicide not amounting to murder.The charges were later changed to abetment of suicide of a child and the principal and teachers were arrested on October 4, 2010. They were granted bail the same day. Chakravarthi admitted that Rouvanjit was caned for misbehaving in school but denied that it had any bearing with the boy's suicide. His version was corroborated on Friday.\"No prima facie case has been made out against the accused. There is no evidence that the deceased was deliberately punished in school. There is no material on record that would make conviction a reasonable possibility. The statements of witnesses reveal no torture on the student. Under the circumstances, there is no ground to proceed against the accused,\" observed Judge Madhuchanda Bose, the additional district and sessions judge, third fast track court, Kolkata. The court exonerated the principal and the teachers of all charges.While the school authorities heaved a sigh of relief, Rawla's counsel Dip Narayan Mittra said that his client would appeal against Friday's order.The chargesheet against the four was filed on October 4, 2010. According to Pallab Kanti Ghosh, joint commissioner (crime), Kolkata Police, charges were initially framed under Sections 352, 323, 324 and 23 of the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection) Act.However, when the matter came up for hearing before the chief metropolitan magistrate, he insisted that charges be framed under Section 305 of the IPC (culpable homicide not amounting to murder). The matter then moved to the court of the district and sessions judge.During hearing, the defence argued that the student had not suffered any sort of injury because of Sunirmal Chakravarthi.\"There is no statement recorded from any of the witnesses that the deceased had felt pain or was hurt by Chakravarthi's alleged act. Assuming, but not admitting, that the deceased along with other classmates did receive two or three strokes on their palms with a broken cane, the harm would be so slight that a person of ordinary sense and temper would not complain,\" the defence said.Chakravarthi and the others were represented by advocate Debanjan Mondal.The state had proposed charges under Sections 120B and 305 of IPC and Section 23 of the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection) Act but the judge found that the material available with the prosecution was not enough to frame charges against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16498763", "title": "Sunday to seal fate of 31 seats of senate", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Come Sunday and the fate of next senate of Panjab University would be sealed in the ballot boxes with polling for 31 seats slated for this day. This would amount to almost one-third of the senate, including eight seats of college principals, eight of college faculty members and 15 members of graduate constituency.The results for this crucial poll will be out on September 25. Given the trend of heavy-weights losing in senate polls this time, candidates are on their toes for last minute campaigning through messages, emails and even Facebook.College faculty members are visiting their colleagues in other colleges and prospective voters with their promises. Graduate constituency elections are all set to witness some prominent faces contesting polls this time, which also includes several old timers.With 65 contestants for merely 15 seats, this constituency continues to grab the limelight and the contest is likely to be interesting. Those contesting in this quarter include certain prominent student leaders, veterans of PU senate in past and retired faculty members from colleges and the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497063", "title": "On free ride, cops ensure public safety", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police feels its men do a service to the public by travelling without ticket in DTC buses. Reacting to the fines imposed on cops for ticketless travel during a recent drive, the police brass has shot off a letter to transport minister Ramakant Goswami \u2014 TOI has a copy. They claim the presence of cops \"deters criminals and enhances security\".The letter, signed by special commissioner of police (administration), B S Bassi, reads: \"The presence of police personnel deters criminals and, thus, enhances the security in the public transport network of DTC. Women in buses feel safe as 'eve-teasers' do not dare to embark upon any misdemeanor in police presence. Similarly, it is as an effective counter-terrorist measure as public transport remains a soft target for terrorists.\"Police say the force has over 83,000 men, most of them do not avail of the facility regularly. \"As such, continuation of the facility of free travel may not be cost negative considering the intangible benefits of policemen's presence in DTC buses,\" they say.Saying the decision ultimately lies with DTC, police, however, offer to pay an 'agreeable amount' for their travel on all routes throughout the year. \"If DTC still finds it difficult to permit free travel due to administrative exigencies, it is proposed that Delhi Police personnel may be issued a concessional all-route annual pass for Rs 600 per annum,\" they add. Police say this travel pass may be issued on production of police identity card.Cops have estimated that 15,000 policemen do not use the bus service regularly, so if the rest are allowed to travel at a subsidized rate, DTC would incur no loss. \"The revenue earned by DTC by issuing such passes will be substantial as sixty to seventy thousand policemen are expected to avail themselves of this facility,\" the letter says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16498977", "title": "Airport plans wait for land acquisition to begin", "text": "PUNE: The proposed Pune international airport at Rajgurunagar near Chakan is stuck at the land acquisition stage. It will take some time before the district collector can start with the process to acquire land for the Rs 1,000-crore project.The collector, who is the sole authority vested with powers to acquire land for state projects, has identified a 1,650 hectares that cover the villages of Koye, Dhamne, Pait, Raundharwadi and Askhed Budruk in Rajgurunagar near Chakan.On August 28, a decision to allocate Rs 200 crore to facilitate land acquisition, was taken at a meeting with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar in Mumbai. Divisional commissioner Prabhakar Deshmukh and district collector Vikas Deshmukh had attended the meeting.\"The state government has to first issue a notification to facilitate acquisition of land,\" Pune district collector Vikas Deshmukh told TOI on Friday. He did not set a time frame for the process to get started.However, the government's notification will not come before the Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC), which is the project implementing agency, moves a formal proposal including land acquisition details, to the state general administration department (GAD).The MADC proposal is essential as an earlier site selected by the agency at Rajgurunagar had run into trouble with farmers, who opposed the project on the grounds that it would take a bulk of irrigated land. The government then decided to shift the project to an alternative site in Rajgurunagar.\"It is only after the proposal gets administrative, financial and technical sanctions that the government's notification for land acquisition will come through. This will enable us to appoint a land acquisition officer and start with actual acquisition on ground,\" said Deshmukh.For now, the collector's office is awaiting the Airports Authority of India's (AAI) nod to a revised draft map of land identified for the project. \"The AAI had certain issues with our initial draft map. This related to their requirement of additional land on the eastern end of the proposed runway. We have since submitted a revised map and an AAI team carried out an on site inspection last week,\" he added.Deshmukh cited discussions at the Mumbai meeting while pointing out that land for the project is to be acquired under the MIDC Act in order to facilitate quicker acquisition. \"Unlike the MIDC Act, the Land Acquisition Act does not have a provision for negotiation and consent awards, which ensures that the person from whom the land is acquired, gets a financial compensation to his/her satisfaction,\" he said.Sources in the GAD confirmed that the department has not received any proposal from the MADC related to the Pune airport project. \"The project is unlikely to move forward unless the land acquisition issues are finalised,\" a senior GAD official said.Pune airport project has been talked about for a decade. The AAI had initially recommended Chakan off the Pune-Nashik highway for the project and the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) had notified 800 hectare land with a provision for a single runway.In September 2005, the Chakan project had to be scrapped due to reasons like the director general of civil aviation's insistence on following the International Civil Aviation Organisation's two-runway norm and the ministry of defence (MoD) saying that the Chakan site was not suitable for operational reasons.The project was then shifted further to Rajgurunagar following a fresh site selection exercise by the AAI. The ministry of defence gave an in-principle nod to the Rajgurunagar site and the MIDC had identified 2,656 hectare land, covering seven villages for the project.On May 15, 2008 the state government decided to transfer the project from MIDC to the MADC, which had submitted a preliminary report seeking 3,365 hectare land and Rs 200 crore seed money. The state cabinet had approved the land acquisition plan as well as the Rs 200-crore seed capital on February 18, 2009. However, the farmers' protest hit the project and a fresh site selection exercise was undertaken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16496872", "title": "Fresh lease of life for lung transplant patient", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nearly two months after the first successful single lung transplant was performed on an Indian at a Mumbai-based hospital, a city hospital performed the second such surgery. The patient, a 34-year-old woman hailing from Pune, became the first lung transplant patient in Andhra Pradesh, according to the hospital .Archana Shedge, a homemaker, was bedridden for about a year due to severe breathing difficulty and was living on external supply of oxygen. She was diagnosed with pulmonary fibrosis that leads to scarring of the lung. Initially, she sought treatment in Mumbai but the family was referred to Hyderabad, where she was told to undergo a lung transplant.Put up in the city for the last one-and-a-half month, Archana finally found a donor in a 55-year-old brain dead woman. She underwent a lung transplant on the right side during the intervening night of September 8 and 9. The rare surgery that lasted for 14 hours was performed by a 30-member team led by Dr A G K Gokhale, cardiothoracic and transplant surgeon at Yashoda Hospital.Speaking at a press conference, Archana's husband Rohit Das said that currently, 50% of his wife's problems had been corrected. \"My wife could neither do household chores nor take care of our two children. After the surgery, she has stopped coughing and is able to talk. Doctors said she will be discharged in a couple of weeks,\" said Das, who runs a general store. The surgery cost the family around Rs 20 lakh.Dr Gokhale, who incidentally also performed the first successful heart transplant in AP in 2004, said the surgery was risky since the patient weighed 100 kg. He added that Archana has to be very careful in the first six months. \"There is a 10-year survival chance for 40% of the transplant patients,\" he said.Doctors said that many lung failure patients are dying while waiting for a donor. \"In the last five years, I am aware of four patients who have died waiting for lung donors,\" shared Dr Gokhale. But while there is expertise, there is a dearth of donors. Lungs of only non-smokers can be used for transplants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497783", "title": "National Green Tribunal chief's appointment: MoEF sat on file for two months, show RTI papers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The environment ministry dragged its feet for two months over the appointment of National Green Tribunal (NGT) chairperson, according to documents accessed under RTI. This gains significance in light of the Supreme Court's observation that the government had failed to address the appointment process to important tribunals and provide infrastructure and manpower to these quasi-judicial bodies.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya recently said delay in appointing chairperson of the NGT resulted in an eminent retired judge of the Supreme Court withdrawing his consent after agreeing to take the assignment.According to documents accessed through RTI by activist S C Agrawal, the environment ministry moved the Cabinet note for Justice R V Raveendran's appointment on April 4. Chief Justice S H Kapadia had, in fact, recommended the retired SC judge's name as early as January 10, 20 days before the incumbent Justice L S Panta was expected to step down.In fact, in an indication of the miscommunication between the government, records show that the environment ministry moved the Cabinet note a month after Justice Raveendran had withdrawn his consent for the job.The law ministry had, in a letter on January 4, asked the CJI for his recommendation for the post of NGT chairperson since Justice Panta's term was ending on January 30. Justice Kapadia responded by recommending Justice Raveendran's name on January 10, adding that the judge had given his verbal consent to accept the assignment. Following this, law minister Salman Khurshid wrote to environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan communicating the SC recommendation on January 18.According to the documents provided by the department of justice, the CJI wrote to the law minister on April 2 enclosing a copy of Justice Raveendran's March 28 letter expressing his inability to accept the assignment. In his note, Justice Raveendran said \"there was some delay in accepting the resignation of the previous chairperson'' and there were changes in circumstances necessitating his stay in Bangalore. He added that he was withdrawing his consent for the post.Natarajan, in her letter to Khurshid on April 18, admitted that the Cabinet note had been moved on April 4 asking for the process to be re-initiated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16498946", "title": "Panel continues to sit on draft DP", "text": "PUNE: The City Improvement Committee (CIC) has continued to sit on the draft development plan (DP) and failed to forward it to the civic general body (GB) for final approval, despite the state town planning department's order to approve it within a stipulated period.The state town planning department had recently told the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to prepare the DP for old city areas till April 2013 or else it would complete the process itself. In a letter to municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak, dated August 10, state town planning director S S Suklikar had said, \"If the PMC does not publish the draft DP by April 4, 2013, the divisional deputy director of town planning or an officer appointed by him will complete the further process. The PMC should publish the DP before the given deadline.\"All party corporators have repeatedly demanded that the CIC approve the DP immediately, so that the GB would get sufficient time for discussions and amendments.However, CIC chairman and Nationalist Congress Party corporator Chetan Tupe said that the CIC is in the final stages of approving the DP. He further said that the civic administration had submitted the DP to the CIC in December 2011. The civic elections were in February 2012, hence no decision was taken on it.\"The new CIC was constituted after the elections and I became its chairman in March. We have had detailed discussions on the DP and may approve it by next week,\" said Tupe.Deprived of copies, elected representatives have accused the civic administration as being \"secretive\" about the DP, while the civic administration has said the copies are not being made public fearing \"political pressure\" to make changes in the proposed reservation of land for amenities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497161", "title": "Cops to request for fast-track trial of riot case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai crime branch will request the state law and judiciary department to try the August 11 rioting and murder cases in a fast-track court. The discussions are at an advanced stage, said crime branch officials.\"We are talking about it and will take a final decision within a couple of days,\" said Himanshu Roy, crime branch chief. \"The aim is to get speedy trial and conviction.\" As many as 54 people arrested for the rioting are in jail, while a minor boy is in a juvenile remand home. A mob went on the rampage on August 11 during a rally organized to object to alleged atrocities against Muslims in Myanmar and Assam.\"Once the trial begins in a fast- track court, it will help the prosecution bring all the witnesses to court. The incident is fresh and hence, the witnesses may narrate everything easily whatever they witnessed at Azad Maidan,\" said Roy.The post-mortem report of two youths killed during the violence stated that they had died of bullet injuries, but it is still unclear whether they were killed in police firing or by a member of the mob who had snatched a self loading rifle from a policeman. \"We have more than 60 witnesses with us. Their statements have been recorded and they will be summoned once the trial begins. We are also considering a witness protection programme to keep our witnesses' stand in court,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16497732", "title": "Airport smoking area flouts norms, says cancer patient", "text": "BANGALORE: A 77-year-old throat cancer patient has called attention to certain \"violations\" in the swanky smoking zone of the Bengaluru International Airport. Pointing out to anomalies in the construction of the smoking area, Mohan Raj says this could be a potential health hazard for the non-smoking passengers.Raj, a retired IAF officer, has written letters in this regard to the nodal officer of the state anti tobacco cell and president of Bengaluru International Airport Limited (BIAL), Hari Marar. In his letter, Mohan Raj said: \"The transparent walls/partitions that make up the smoking area at BIAL are open at the bottom letting the smoke flow to the rest of the airport areas, thus exposing all the non-smokers to tobacco smoke. It neither has its own ventilation system, nor are its doors/walls isolating the place fully. This gross negligence of the airport authorities is not only a violation of Cotpa, but is a serious health hazard to thousands of people using the BIAL on a daily basis.\"Mohan Raj says he is a victim of passive smoking as he lost his voice box to throat cancer: \"I was a victim of passive smoking, which probably led to me being at high risk for developing cancer of the throat. The designated area at the BIA is clearly a violation of Cotpa (Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products Act 2003) specifications.\"\"As per Cotpa, the designated smoking area in the airport needs to be physically separated and surrounded by full height walls on all four sides. It also must have air flow system that is directed towards the outside and air should not mix with the supply air into other parts of the building,\" Mohan Raj noted.BIAL response to letterClean air filtered out of smoking loungesThe smoking lounges at the airport have been tested thoroughly and subscribe to global standards, says BIAL.The BIAL says the lounges meet the standard compliance of such facilities in a public area.\"Clean air is exhausted outside the lounge after a multistage filtering process that filters out harmful tar, nicotine and other particulate materials. This process is checked and validated using advanced imported particle testing meter to ensure clean exhaust air that adheres to carbon emission norms,\" it writes.BIAL further says it treats passive smoking seriously and has placed the lounges in discreet locations in the airport, keeping the sentiments of nonsmoking passengers in mind. The lounges were considered after repeated requests from passengers for a designated smoking chamber and their feedback was taken into account, it says.\"The latest state-of-the-art technology from Europe has been installed to avoid passive smoking. Here the harmful tar, nicotine and particles that cause passive smoking are all captured in the filters and the air is cleaned.To monitor this facility, we have obtained a particle testing meter from USA and do regular tests on the exhaust of the cabin to ascertain that the air coming out is not polluted and does not have particles or carbon beyond permissible limits,\" writes BIAL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16499527", "title": "Trichy's special prison for women needs a fillip", "text": "TRICHY: A newly-constructed special prison for women in Trichy is running short of some much-needed facilities. For instance, a government workshop in the jail premises is yet to become operational. Hence, prisoners lose their chance at employment.The special prison for women was opened in October 2010 with a capacity of more than 600 inmates. Previously, the prison was functioning in the Central Prison, Trichy. Like other major prisons in the state, this too has a 'government workshop' inside. The workshop was meant to provide a platform to prisoners to manufacture garments, soaps and pads among other things. Unfortunately, the workshop is yet to start operations since its inauguration two years ago.\"As of now, as many as 192 prisoners including 78 convicts are being lodged in the prison. Except for remanded prisoners, other inmates can be given jobs in the dedicated workshop if it has the facilities. Now, the prisoners spend their time without work. Taking into consideration the situation, we have sent a proposal to the government to provide such facilities. We are awaiting orders from the government,\" K Jeyabharathi, jail superintendent of the special prison for women, Trichy, told TOI.\"However, we have tailoring machines in the prison. An NGO provided tailoring training to around 10 inmates. Now, they manage to stitch their own clothes. We are also in the process of getting stitching orders from outside so that it will create jobs for some of them,\" she added.The prisons department last year embarked on a move to create opportunities for women prisoners to pursue a diploma in beautician (DBN). Tamil Nadu Open University offered the course for women prisoners in Chennai and Trichy. In Trichy, they could select only 10 convicts for the course as many of them did not pass even standard 10. The first batch completed their course last February.\"One of the papers in the course was English language. So, we could not select more inmates for the course. We hope the course will give a new lease of life to inmates. For this year, there are no takers for this course due to illiteracy,\" said Jeyabharathi.In prisons, there should be a teacher to enlighten uneducated prisoners at least to the level of writing their own names. However, the special prison for women in Trichy lacks that facility too. The post of teacher for the prisoners is also vacant. But, the jail authorities have made a temporary arrangement by deputing one of their staff to teach them to read and write Tamil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16498949", "title": "NGOs, citizens to mark festival of philanthropy", "text": "PUNE: The Hope For the Children Foundation (HFCF) will observe the Joy of Giving week from October 2 to 8. The initiative is a part of its efforts to organise help for the underprivileged in cash or kind and to spread awareness about the needs and availability of resources for the cause.The city's non-governmental organisations (NGOs) and individuals will participate in multiple activities that will either be hosted or supported by their corporate, hospitality and other partners during the week, to a statement issued on Friday said.HFCF founder and managing trustee Caroline Audoir deValter said in the release, \"HFCF has been nurturing many NGOs and corporates to be part of the Joy of Giving week. We think it's a valuable umbrella under which NGOs, corporates and individuals connect. It provides NGOs a platform to showcase their good work, raise funds for their programmes and get new supporters. It has inspired us immensely at HFCF. Participating in the Joy of Giving week has broadened our horizons and helped us meet newer supporters through fundraisers and awareness-building events.\"This is the fourth year of the movement in Pune. The city has hosted 70 events since it joined the movement in 2009.Joy of Giving week is India's largest 'festival of giving', the release said.In 2011, over one million people from more than 70 cities and towns of the country participated in the week. About 700 events were organised in 2011, which generated help of over Rs 20 crore in cash and kind, the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497311", "title": "MLA hostel suicide: Cops go to Solapur", "text": "MUMBAI: A team of the Cuffe Parade police, probing the case of the 27-year-old woman who committed suicide at Manora MLA hostel on Sunday, has left for Solapur to trace Ramchandra Chiklane (30), the last person to have visited her. On September 14, Rupali Andhare, the deceased, had come to the city to meet her uncle Dilip Laigunde, the PA of MLA Babasaheb Shinde. She was found dead the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16502847", "title": "KRRS demands relief for areca farmers in the district", "text": "Mangalore: Karnataka Rajya Raitha Sangha (KRRS) and Hasiru Sene are gearing up to launch an agitation in the district against the central government demanding compensation to areca farmers in Dakshina Kannada and Kodagu districts, who suffered loss due to low price and yellow leaf disease. KRRS district working president Shridhara Shetty said that the government has decided to compensate arecanut growers in Chikmagalur and Shimoga districts. \"The decision came in the wake of a report of Dr Gorakh Singh committee appointed by the central government. However, Dakshina Kannada, which contributes 80 per cent of the state's arecanut production, has been ignored,\" he added. \"Farmers in Dakshina Kannada and Kodagu districts are facing problems for the past ten years. KRRS had submitted three reports, which were prepared by expert Vigneshwara Varmudi, to the government between 2008 and 2011. It was found during the survey that many farmers in the region had committed suicide as they were not able to repay the bank loans. Hence, the package should be extended to the farmers here too,\" Shetty said. He said that KRRS had submitted a memorandum to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Union ministry of finance, agriculture, horticulture, state chief ministers BS Yeddyurappa, DV Sadananda Gowda, Jagadish Shettar, MPs Oscar Fernandes, Nalin Kumar Kateel, K Jayaprakash Hegde. \"Finance minister P Chidambaram had promised us of extending the compensation package to all farmers, who suffered loss on September 4. Hence, officials concerned should take initiatives to distribute compensation to farmers,\" Shetty said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16499000", "title": "Two UK tourists rescued off Candolim", "text": "CALANGUTE: Two tourists from the UK were rescued from drowning off Candolim beach on Thursday evening.The two, David Bownan, 21, and Torntlia Scholz, 18, along with some friends were swimming in a no-swim zone around 400m north of the lifeguard post at Candolim beach when they got pulled by a strong rip current and experienced difficulty swimming back to the shore. As they gestured for help, lifeguards on the beach immediately rushed to their rescue with rescue tubes and jet skis.While one of them was brought to the shore after being secured with a rescue tube, the other was brought back on a jet-ski. Since they had not sustained any injuries, they were allowed to go.The incident occurred at around 5.15pm. The four lifeguards involved in the rescue were Sunil Matondkar, Ashwin Ghag, Ritesh Gaonkar and Rajendra Jadhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16501634", "title": "Any postgraduate with 55% marks can be an examiner in Calicut University", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In an unprecedented move, the Calicut University has decided to entrust the evaluation of answer scripts of degree and postgraduate examinations of private students with non-teachers in complete violation of the provisions of the varsity statutes and ordinances.As per the new decision, a postgraduate degree with 55% marks is what it takes to become an examiner in the varsity. The university will prepare a panel of examiners to evaluate the answer scripts of private students, after an interview.The decision of the university syndicate on Thursday has raised eyebrows among the academic community as chapter- 4 of the CU First Ordinances 1978 clearly says that \"teaching experience in an affiliated college or university' is a musthave for appointment as examiners.\"University officials justified the decision as the valuation of thousands of answer sheets are held up due to lack of regular college teachers who are willing to take up valuation work. The huge number of private students under varsity was making the valuation process an unwieldy exercise. Higher secondary school teachers and parallel college teachers will also be considered for appointment as examiners, they said.\"The varsity is forced to take the decision, as regular college teachers who are getting UGC scale salaries no longer find the remuneration of Rs 10 per answer paper attractive,\" Dr T P Ahmed, member of the Syndicate examination standing committee told TOI. \"We are looking for people with post graduate degree, preferably those who have passed out within the last five years, as they will be more abreast with the latest developments in the field,\" he said.\"Currently there is a delay of four months in the valuation which has cost many students an academic year,\" Ahmed added. The university senate will have to amend the statutes to implement the decision.Meanwhile, the decision has startled many in the academic community. \"The decision violates all standards of academic propriety as in reality it will amount to entrusting the critical valuation process with a bunch of unemployed postgraduates. Just getting 55% marks will not qualify a person to evaluate the degree and PG level examinations. Only those with requisite teaching experience will be able to conduct the valuation and it is absurd to entrust the valuation of answer scripts with non- teachers,\" said K P Muraleedharan, dean of commerce and management studies and former president of the Association of Calicut University Teachers (ACT).Student organizations also think the decision is yet another instance of the varsities discrimination against the private students. \"How can the varsity has different valuation standards for the private students who are awarded the same degree by the university,\" SIO state president Shihab Pookottur asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "burdwan (west bengal)", "code": "16502625", "title": "One killed, 19 inured in Trinamool-CPM clash", "text": "BURDWAN (WEST BENGAL): One person was killed and another 19 injured during a clash in Burdwan district between followers of the ruling Trinamool Congress and the opposition CPM, police said on Saturday.The incident took place last night at Kaity Bazar area after which three injured were shifted to a hospital in Kolkata and 16 admitted to Burdwan Medical College and Hospital.Local tribals reportedly used bow and arrow during the clash, police said adding that a TMC supporter Sk Siraj of Alampur was taken to local hospital but was declared dead.Police raided the area later on and so far 20 accused have been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16499043", "title": "Woman fined Rs 200 for slapping doctor", "text": "PANAJI: Soniya Mahambrey, who was accused of slapping a doctor in 2008 after the doctor informed her of her mother's death, was fined 200 by a judicial magistrate first class court at Panaji .The prosecution said that on August 26, 2008, Mahambrey slapped Dr George Alias at GMC, Bambolim, when he informed her of the death. The prosecution alleged that Mahambrey abused the doctor and slapped him on the cheek. It further alleged that Mahambrey caused simple injuries to the doctor while he was performing his lawful duties as a government servant.Holding Mahambrey guilty under Section 323 of IPC (punishment for voluntarily causing hurt), the court observed that the doctor deposed on the slapping incident and his testimony has not been shaken.The incident was also corroborated by a nurse, the court noted.\"The prosecution has failed to bring on record the evidence that the doctor was discharging his duties at the relevant time of the incident,\" the court noted and held that the charges under Section 332 (voluntarily causing hurt to deter public servant from duty) of IPC were not proved.The court further observed that Mahambrey had to be shown leniency considering the circumstances in which the incident occurred, her young age and economic circumstances. If Mahambrey fails to pay the fine, she will have to undergo two months of imprisonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16498272", "title": "I&B; ministry makes quiet debut on YouTube", "text": "NEW DELHI: The information and broadcasting (I&B;) ministry has made a quiet debut on YouTube garnering 2,378 hits in a matter of a few days. Videos, including bulletins churned out by Doordarshan and All India Radio, briefings given after the meetings of the GoM on media have already been uploaded, besides informative clips on the government's plans and programmes.The official YouTube channel of the ministry is expected to provide videos on latest news developments and government campaigns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16502283", "title": "BP (Balak \u2013 Palak)", "text": "CreditsDirector: Ravi Jadhav Cast: Kishor Kadam, Sai Tamhankar, Prathamesh Parab, Shashwati Pimplikar, Madan Devdhar, Bhagyashree Shankpal, Rohit Phalke, Subodh Bhave, Amruta Subhash, Avinash Narkar, Vishakha Subhedar, Anand Ingale, Satish Tare, Supriya Pathare Producer: Ritesh Deshmukh , Uttung Hitendra Thakur, Ravi Jadhav Banner: Viva InEn &amp; Ravi Jadhav Films Story: Ganesh Pandit, Amber Vinod Hadap Screenplay: Ravi Jadhav, Ganesh Pandit, Amber Vinod Hadap Director of Photography: Mahesh Limaye Editor: Jayant Jathar Lyrics: Guru Thakur, Ravi Jadhav Art Director: Dilip More, Santosh Phutane Executive Producer &amp; Costume Designer: Meghana Jadhav Music Director: Vishal-Shekher Background Music: Chinar and Mahesh Sound: Rohit Pradan Runtime: 109 Minutes Language: Marathi (with English subtitles)SynopsisOften parents avoid talking to kids. Answering all questions posed by our kids is not something we happily do. Sometimes, we reply with a slap, sometimes, with a shout. And most of the times we avoid the question all together.BP is about four teenage friends (Avya, Bhagya, Chiu and Dolly), who over hear that, a friend, a resident of their colony, Jyoti tai, has left their colony, as she has brought disgrace to her family.Having received unsatisfactory explanations from their parents for Jyoti tai's exit. It becomes imperative to find out what exactly was her disgraceful act, kids decide to take up this challenge.In this journey to discover, they end-up bonding little too much with their over mature school-mate 'Vishu', the guiding star for the foursome, enlightens them by throwing his divine light upon blue films. He feels, one has to read, watch and if need be, perform to understand the true meaning life (read SEX).BP is a fun filled drama that will help parents to realize how important it is to communicate transparently with your child.BP. It's time to talk now!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16498733", "title": "Uncertain future for key officials at CMO", "text": "KOLKATA: Now that Trinamool Congress has quit the UPA, a question doing the rounds at Writers' Building is what will happen to the officials from the railways brought in by Mamata Banerjee to help her in 'running' the state. In last one year, some of them wielded considerable power and were known to call up senior railway officers across the country, including the Railway Board in Delhi and give them directions on Mamata's behalf.\"At least one such officer is now in a quandary. Now that Mukul Roy has quit as railway minister and the Congress expected to keep the portfolio for itself, this officer may find the going tough when he returns to the railways. He wasn't even in the rank of a divisional railway manager, when he was picked up by Mamata and then deputed to the CMO. In the last one year, he would havehad to call up general managers and even Railway Board members to give them directions on Mamata's behalf. If he is called back by the railways now, he may face some problems. He might not even get to become a divisional railway manager any longer due to his age,\" a source revealed.Another officer from the central secretariat cadre has been working as a close aide to Mamata for last several months now. This officer was on deputation with the railways, till she was asked to come to Kolkata and be part of the CMO by the chief minister. This officer is also expected to return to Delhi before long.Another question doing the rounds within is about the fate of the intellectuals close to Mamata, who got plump posts in several panels. The list is long and comprises names like thespian Saoli Mitra, painter Suvaprasanna and singer Gautam Ghosh. Sources said the heads and members of these committees received a respectable remuneration for their 'efforts'.\"The heads of the committees enjoy the facilities of Senior Administrative Grade (SAG) officers. They get vehicles, travel allowances, railway passes, accommodation at officers' rest houses across the country and medical facilities. Apart from this, the heads would receive Rs 50,000 each as honorarium. The members would receive Rs 25,000. The remuneration was decided by the Railway Board. With Trinamool quitting the UPA, it is more or less clear that the next railway minister will scrap most of these committees,\" another source added.Some changes can be expected in Mamata's inner security cordon as well. After she quit the railway ministry and took over as CM in May, 2011, Mamata insisted on retaining the group of Railway Protection Force (RPF) commandos who were in charge of her security earlier. Though a chief minister is entitled to security cover by the special branch, Mamata had insisted that she is more comfortable with the RPF officers and personnel. According to sources, the security detachment will be returning back to Delhi within a week to provide cover to the next railway minister unless the Prime Minister decides to retain the portfolio for now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497835", "title": "Implantable heart devices become compatible with MRI scan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Heart devices will no longer hinder the vital life-saving Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) scan.Devises such as pacemakers or an Implantable Cardioverter-Defibrillator (ICD) \u2014 a commonly used small battery- powered electrical impulse generator \u2014 that protects patients from Sudden Cardiac Death (SCD) have finally become MRI compatible.Doctors from Delhi's Escorts Heart Research Institute have implanted the first MRI compatible ICD from Biotronik on a 69-year-old patient, Ashok Trikha, this week.Every five minutes globally, a patient is denied an MRI scan because of an implantable cardiac device. Also, 50%-75% of patients with implantable cardiac devices will be asked to undergo MRI scans over the lifetime of their device.Till now patients with a pacemaker or an ICD could not undergo any sort of MRI scan severely compromising their health.A healthy heart pumps 55% or more of its blood with each beat. People at highest risk for SCD have ejection fractions of less than 40%, combined with ventricular tachycardia (VT), an abnormally fast heart rate in the lower chambers of the heart.Trikha was brought to Escorts with symptoms of sustained VT. The team of Dr Anil Saxena and Dr Aparna Jaswal saved his life by implanting India's first MRI compatible ICD.\"It is very important for patients to have access to MRI \u2014 the gold standard for soft tissue imaging and critical for the diagnosis of conditions such as cancer and strokes,\" Dr Saxena said.\"Patients with standard ICDs are currently denied access to MRI due to the adverse effects of electromagnetic fields produced by MRI, but 50%-75% of them will be indicated for an MR scan during the lifetime of their device. The latest technology is groundbreaking,\" Dr Jaswal added.\"Now, physicians have the opportunity to implant an advanced, high-quality device that treats life-threatening arrhythmias and also allows the use of MRI to diagnose serious co-morbidities,\" Dr Jaswal explained.Doctors say 10% of all cardiac-related deaths are sudden, while the mean age of the patients who die is lower than 60 years.Studies have showed that one-third of the patients, who die of SCD had heart attacks in the past and 80% of them were smokers or had-risk factors like hypertension and diabetes.It is a condition in which the heart unexpectedly stops beating. When this occurs, blood stops flowing to the brain and other vital organs. If not treated, the person dies within minutes.Human heart has an electrical system that controls the rate and rhythm of the heartbeat. Abnormal functioning of this electrical system can cause irregular heartbeats called arrhythmias. During an arrhythmia, the heart can beat too fast, too slow or with an irregular rhythm. Some arrhythmias can cause the heart to stop pumping blood to the body and this leads to SCA. This, however, is not the same as a heart attack.A heart attack occurs when the blood flow to part of the heart muscle is blocked, but the heart usually doesn't stop beating.People, who have heart disease are at higher risk for SCA.However, people who appear healthy and have no known risk factors can also fall prey to this killer. Take the case of Ranjan Das, the 42-year-old CEO of SAP India who collapsed with cardiac arrest and died at his Bandra home in December, 2009, shortly after returning from the gym. He was fit, did not suffer from any chronic diseases and did everything right to be in shape.Dr Jaswal said, \"It is extremely important for individuals older than 35 years, especially those with diabetes, hypertension and family history of CAD, to undergo stress tests. It is important to identify underlying heart problems and see whether the person has symptoms or not.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497266", "title": "Bar, bench bid adieu to HC Chief Justice", "text": "NEW DELHI: The bar and the bench of Delhi High Court on Friday bid farewell to its acting Chief Justice Arjan K Sikri who has been elevated to Punjab and Haryana High Court as Chief Justice.Sikri, who presided as the acting Chief Justice of Delhi high court since October 10, 2011, had spent 35 years of his career in the capital (22 years as lawyer and 13 years as judge) and is likely to take oath in Chandigarh on Sunday evening.Madras High Court judge Justice D Murugesan is likely to be sworn in and assume the charge of chief justice here on September 26.Addressing the lawyers and judges in a full court reference on Friday, an emotional Justice Sikri said, \"I loved this court and every one associated with this court room from the core of my heart. In return, I have received much more love and affection from all of you. Therefore, it is not easy to leave this place where I will not be able to return at all in this life of mine, in my capacity as a lawyer or as a judge. It is this feeling that makes me sad and makes my heart heavy.\"Speaking on his experience in the bench, Sikri said a lot needed to be done for improving the administration of justice. The acting Chief Justice said almost 95% cases can be categorized as easy since it is not difficult to decide them but 5% may fall in the category of \"hard\" cases which pose an challenge to a judge. \"If those cases (5%) relate to vulnerable groups and marginalized persons, justice has to be pregnated with mercy.\"Besides presiding as acting Chief Justice of this court, Justice Sikri has held various posts, including the post of chancellor of the National Law University of Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16502139", "title": "Man killed in Harijan Keri", "text": "Hubli: A 48-year-old man was killed at Harijan Keri of Abbigeri village in Ron taluk of Gadag district on Friday in a quarrel between two families over a petty issue.According to Naregal police station, the deceased is Parasappa Balappa Talekhan, who died while shifting to KIMS hospital of Hubli from Ron government hospital after he sustained severe head injuries.Parasappa's family members had an argument with Udachappa's family members over a hen, which was missing since Thursday night. Women's argument turned into a quarrel and later men of both families got involved in it. Around eight members of Udachappa family allegedly attacked Parasappa with wooden sticks and the seriously injured Parasappa died while shifting to KIMS hospital of Hubli, said Naregal police.A case has been registered with Naregal police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16502079", "title": "Geoff Barrow calls Amy as ' Whiney Shitehouse'", "text": "Portishead's Geoff Barrow has ridiculed tragic singer Amy Winehouse, saying that she had a fake voice.\"I think Whiney Shitehouse - Amy Winehouse - by the end of it, had become just a comic character of herself and how she sang,\" the Mirror quoted him as telling music blog Electronic Beats.\"I saw her with an electric guitar in a little pub in Bristol and people were going 'that's amazing' but it wasn't all that.\"Then she had the big drug problem and all the tabloids got involved and she would start being Minnie Ripperton or whatever it was. It seemed fake, but because there was a massive drug problem you couldn't say it was fake, but her actual voice was fake. She had a real life with a fake voice,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16502914", "title": "Week-long dandiya workshop", "text": "RANCHI: Durga Puja is around the corner and preparations have begun for making idols and staging dandiya nights, which have become an essential component of Navratri celebrations among the youth across the city. Keeping the popularity of such gatherings in mind, the city is all set to host a one-week dandiya workshop on September 24.\"Dandiya is not restricted to Gujarat alone. Every state now has dandiya programmes. So we thought of hosting this workshop where youngsters could be taught the moves. Every college and club hosts dandiya nights and so our dance classes should be popular among youngsters,\" said Renu Phalod, president, Maheshwari Mahila Samiti.Sangeeta Chitlangia, secretary, said, \"Six days will be devoted to dandiya and one day to Garbha. Choreographer Dev Govind Binani will come down from Kolkata to teach the steps. There will be five batches of 50 students each. Couples can come in the evening for special classes.\"Twelve couples have already registered themselves. \"Registration forms can be collected from our office,\" said Vaibhav Saboo of Neev, co-host of the workshop, adding, \"We will also have a dandiya night on October 28.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16498955", "title": "Allen de Sa holds dual citizenship: Mickky", "text": "MARGAO: In what appears to be a direct fallout of Thursday's suspension of Verna PI Edwin Colaco, Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco, on Friday, accused South Goa superintend of police Allen de Sa of holding dual citizenship.He also charged the officer with allowing matka (gambling) activities to flourish in the district.Pacheco told reporters he has filed a complaint with the home minister-chief minister Manohar Parrikar-and DGP Kishan Kumar.The complaint accuses de Sa of having 'voluntarily acquired the nationality of Portugal and concealing these facts from the state'.\"Any government servant needs prior sanction of the government even to acquire an Indian passport. In this case, SP Allen de SA has acquired a foreign nationality by keeping the government in the dark,\" alleged Pacheco.He submitted copies, dated 2008, of 'Assento de Nascimento' (birth certificate) No. 68920 of the 'Conservatoria dos Registos centrais de Lisboa'.\"An officer who has concealed such facts from his superiors and the government for the last four years has obviously dubious intentions. I am demanding that an inquiry be initiated against him and his assets be investigated,\" said Pacheco.He alleged that de Sa is corrupt and responsible for the deteriorating law-and-order situation that is seeing a rise in theft and murder cases in South Goa.He further insinuated that with de Sa due to retire in two-and-a-half years, he was accepting bribes of 10,000 from each matka bookkeeper.He further claimed there are over 10-15 matka bookies in every village.\"I called the SP recently and told him that I wanted all matka activities stopped in South Goa. He replied saying that it would be stopped, but not to ask him to start it again,\" said Pacheco.He claimed that this conversation exposed the police officer's intentions.Asked why he had chosen to raise the matka issue now, Pacheco said he had raised it in the past but the previous government was corrupt. Since Parrikar wants to eradicate corruption he raised the issue now.Colaco was suspended on charges of dereliction of duty in connection with a theft case in Sancoale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "neemwala chowk", "code": "16500706", "title": "Neemwala Chowk marks 11th Ganesh Utsav", "text": "Neemwala Chowk: The various spectacularly decorated 'Ganesh mandaps' have been attracting devotees in thousands every day during the 10-day-long 'Ganesh Mahotsav'. At Neemwala Chowk, the Ganpati Sewa Society is into 11th year of its 'Ganesh Mahotsav' celebrations and hundreds of families residing in the locality have been enthusiastically involved in the daily prayers and rituals at the 'mandap'. The society has planned out an itinerary for each of the 10 days.Kilos of 'modaks' and various Maharashtrian and Punjabi sweets have been prepared, an embellished prayer altar and a huge tent has been erected for about 500 families, who visit to offer the prayers daily. The morning prayers are conducted between 8:30am and 9:30am whereas the evening prayers are held from 8pm to 9pm, which is followed by 'kirtan' by various devotional music parties till midnight. Society president Rajesh Sharma said, 'We have been celebrating 'Ganesh Mahotsav' from past 10 years and hundreds of people flock our 'mandap' to offer prayers. We will prepare a tableau depicting scenes from the life of Lord Shiva.' Pandit Vijay Sharma offers the daily prayers along with a different family from the locality each day and community food is served by the society to hundreds of devotees. The 'shobha yatra' and 'visarjan' will be held on September 28, said Sharma. Dinesh Jain, 27, a professor from the locality said it is a blessing that the 'Ganpati Mahotsav' celebrations are organized in their locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16498990", "title": "Workshop on film appreciation in Panaji", "text": "The directorate of art and culture, Sanskruti Bhavan, Patto-Panaji, will organize a film appreciation workshop (analytical film workshop) to give a boost to Goan filmmakers and youth. The resource person will be Ashok Rane, director, IFA- Indian film academy, also a noted film critic, a film academician, researcher and writer. In this workshop, films by noted filmmaker Satyajit Ray will be projected. Films such as 'Pather Panchali' (1955) and 'Apur Sansar' (1959) with the discussion on the same will be held by the resource person. He will also explain the trilogy of film-making to the participants. The workshop will be held at the audio visual room (children's section), Sanskruti Bhavan, Patto-Panaji from September 28 to September 30 for three days. Interested youth and filmmakers from Goa may contact the directorate of art and culture from September 24 to September 27 during office hours at the office of the department for participation and to enroll their names.Health talk at Dona Paula:The Friday health talk on heart disease will be held on September 28, between 6pm and 7pm at the International Centre Goa, Dona Paula. The speaker will be Dr Jyoti Kunsur, MD (medicine), DNB Cardiology). It is jointly organized by International Centre Goa and Manipal Hospital, Dona Paula.Course for nursery teachers: Vidhya Institute of Learning, Navelim, will conduct a one-year 'Nursery teachers training' diploma course for in-service teachers, undergraduates, etc. Dance and movement therapy, and English communication skills will also be included. For details and registration call on 2733832.Course in public speaking:Adv Rudolph Almeida Memorial Trust's institute of communications, Navelim, will conduct a certificate courses in public speaking, English communication skills, etiquette training, voice training and culturing, accent training, soft skills and corporate training. For details and registration contact the course director on 2733832 or 94224428711.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16502760", "title": "Grenade found at Congress MP's Imphal residence", "text": "IMPHAL: Tension gripped Moidangpok Joypur Khunou village in Imphal West after suspected rebels placed a grenade at the residence of Congress Lok Sabha MP Thokchom Meinya Singh on Friday morning.The incident came in the wake of frequent bomb attacks on security forces by militants at different places in the valley districts, killing an Assam Rifles jawan and injuring ten central security personnel and a civilian.Singh, who contested from Inner Manipur parliamentary constituency, is out of station.The grenade, which was kept inside a polythene bag, was found near a pond inside the MP's residential complex around 10am, sources said, adding that bomb experts from the Manipur police department immediately rushed to the spot and safely retrieved the grenade.No rebel group has claimed responsibility for the incident till the time of filing of this report. Police began a probe to nab the culprits and also kept a sharp vigil in and around the area.Meanwhile, militants exploded another hand grenade at the house of a government driver at Lamsang bazaar in Imphal West district on Thursday night. No one was injured in the blast.A car that was parked outside the driver's house was damaged, police said.Denouncing the attack, irate women of the area on Friday staged a demonstration at Lamsang bazaar.Urging the attackers to spell out the motive behind the attack, they also asked them not to explode bombs at thickly populated area in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16498530", "title": "PCMC puts tree plantation info online", "text": "PUNE: The garden department of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has posted information about its tree plantation efforts, such as the location, number and type of trees planted, etc, on the corporation's website.Suresh Salunke, chief garden superintendent, said that citizens can complain to the garden department about missing tress, or tree felling. The contact numbers of officials and employees are given on the website, he said.\"The department has planted 65,340 saplings during this monsoon. We planted three-year-old saplings of indigenous species which have a survival rate of more than 90%. Saplings of banyan, peepal, tamarind, neem and acacia have been planted,\" Salunke said.The civic body had set a target of planting 9,019 saplings in each zone. The garden department has surpassed this target by planting over 10,000 trees in each of the four zones.The civic body has also decided to plant 1.5 lakh saplings on defence land from next year. The saplings will be maintained for two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16496936", "title": "Talent test for IIT hopefuls cancelled", "text": "HYDERABAD: The school education department on Friday issued orders cancelling the talent test of FIITJEE for violating the provisions of Right To Education Act. The test scheduled to be conducted from September 23 to October 28 now stands cancelled.The orders states that the institution's management will have to return the examination fee collected from students. A total of 1.76 lakh students had applied for the test.The FIITJEE talent test is conducted for students from Classes V to XI aiming to write IIT and other all-India engineering competitive exam entrances. The top rankers are given cash prices ranging from Rs 60,000 to Rs 2 lakh along with admission in FIITJEE group of institutions .The district education officer said the RTE Act does not allow students to undergo any screening process before taking admission in schools. \"If the management does not abide by the orders, strict action will be taken resulting in cancellation of recognition,\" the order issued by director of school education said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16499341", "title": "No local taxes on LPG in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government will not be able to provide any immediate relief to consumers of Liquid Petrolium Gas (LPG) as urged by the union finance minister P Chidambaram on Friday. The finance minister has asked the state governments to reduce or withdraw the local taxes on non-subsidised LPG cylinders in order to lighten the burden of the end consumer. The irony of the Uttar Pradesh government is that as it is, no local taxes are levied on domestic LPG in the state. According to minister for civil supplies Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiyya, the state government has not levied any local taxes on LPG cylinders for domestic use. In fact, apart from the VAT on LPG for industrial use, no substantial local taxes on LPG exist. Subsidy on non-subsidised LPG cylinder was the only option with the UP government in case it wants to provide some relief to the end consumers.Recently, the central government put a cap of six cylinders per connection on subsidised LPG. The open market price of an unsubsidised 14.2 kilogram LPG cylinder is around Rs 780. It will further come down by Rs 100.Subsidised LPG is currently sold at around Rs 399 a cylinder across the country with variation in prices at the state level due to differential local taxes. The Congress-ruled states have already announced an increase in the cap of 6 subsidised cylinders per year per connection to 9, agreeing to bear the subsidy on the 3 cylinders themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16499495", "title": "Wipe away fearful memories from brain", "text": "WASHINGTON: And you thought it just happens in sci-fi movies!Scientists have found that newly formed emotional memories can be erased from the human brain, a breakthrough that could lead to new treatments for phobias and post-traumatic stress, with researcher Thomas Agren from Uppsala University leading the research.\"The findings may be a breakthrough in research on memory and fear. Ultimately the new findings may lead to improved treatment methods for the millions of people in the world who suffer from anxiety issues like phobias, post-traumatic stress, and panic attacks,\" said Agren.When a person learns something, a long-term memory is created with the aid of a process of consolidation, which is based on the formation of proteins. As we remember something, the memory becomes unstable for a while and is then restabilized by another consolidation process.In other words, we are not remembering what originally happened, but rather what we remembered the last time we thought about what happened.By disrupting the reconsolidation process that follows upon remembering, we can affect the content of memory.Researchers showed subjects a neutral picture and simultaneously administered an electric shock. In this way the picture came to elicit fear in the subjects which meant a fear memory had been formed. To activate this fear memory, the picture was then shown without any shock. For one experimental group the reconsolidation process was disrupted with the aid of repeated presentations of the picture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16499042", "title": "Mines ministry\u2019 urbs ore export", "text": "PANAJI: Union mines ministry has directed all states to restrict the sale or export of iron ore across the board invoking Rule 27 (3) of the Mineral Concession Rules 1960.After Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) announced it was keeping in abeyance environmental clearances of 139 mining leases in Goa, and accompanied it by issuing notices to 46 leases in connection with handling of ore dumps, Union mines ministry issued the circular dated September 19, 2012, to all states.The circular signed by under secretary Anil Subramaniam invokes the special condition under Rule 27 (3) of MCR, 1960, and states: \"The entire ore produced in the mining operation shall be used exclusively for own consumption in iron or steel making and cannot be either sold in India or exported to other countries.\"The crossfire between the state and central governments was triggered off on September 10, 2012, after chief minister Manohar Parrikar imposed a ban on mining operations for evaluation of all documents at the state level until further orders. But the order issued by state mines secretary RK Verma had allowed trade and transportation of ore already mined and existing in the lease hold area, in transit or stored or stocked on jetties.The key players in the mining industry were shocked by the decision, but greens pointed out that mining operations were at a standstill during the monsoon.Union environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarajan who visited Goa on September 12, 2012 announced that her ministry had decided to suspend the environment clearances of all 93 functional mines in the state.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar who had resented the central minister's decision had alleged that the state had not been taken into confidence.On the other hand, Natarajan had questioned the state government's decision to allow trading and transportation of ore mined earlier, stating that it could have been extracted illegally.The state government order had directed lease holders or traders who had procured such quantities of ore to report the exact location of existence of ore to director of mines and geology by Friday, September 21, 2012.The issuance of the circular by Union mines ministry is seen by some as another move on the political chessboard to checkmate the state government from allowing miners to export ore, suspecting that a sizeable chunk of it is illegal.When contacted, Parrikar told TOI on Friday night, \"I have not received the circular. Prima facie (from what was read out from the circular), it appears that it will not be applicable to Goa as it is for captive production,\" he said.The circular has not laid down any terms about the quality or grade of ore and covers entire gamut of exports.Chief secretary B Vijayan said his office had not received the circular till Friday evening. The state government offices were closed on August 19 and 20, 2012 for Ganesh Chaturthi.Mormugao Port Trust authorities were also unaware about the circular. \"We had holidays for two days,\" MPT chairman P Mara Pandiyan said. The port handled about 29 million tonnes of iron ore exports between April 2011 and March 2012.The Goa mineral ore exporters association (GMOEA) is also in the dark about the circular. \"We cannot comment at this stage,\" GMOEA vice-president PK Mukherjee stated.Greens hailed the central government move as one to prevent haphazard export of iron ore from the state. \"The Union mines ministry has done well to stop ore from being exported irresponsibly with the sole interest of filling the coffers of a few, by undermining the nation's interest,\" Bicholim-based social activist Ramesh Gauns said.Though the action has come late, he said wisdom has prevailed. He pointed out that after the Shah commission talked about imposition of restriction on exports, the matter was referred to the finance ministry and it took the stand that ore exports cannot be banned.\"Consumption of the ore by iron and steel industry will generate employment and revenue for the nation,\" Gauns said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16499117", "title": "72% of Indian urbanites heart-unhealthy", "text": "MUMBAI: Good cholesterol spells bad news for Mumbaikars. A new survey analyzing risk factors for heart diseases among Indians shows that 54% of Mumbaikars over 30 have low levels of good cholesterol, better known as HDL. Since HDL draws out the body's excess fatty cholesterol molecules and ejects them through the liver, Mumbaikars have a reason to worry.But it isn't only Mumbai. The survey found that across Indian urban hubs, the number of heart-unhealthy people is high at 72%. \"This means 72% of the total respondents had a moderately high risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD),\" said cardiologist Dr Akshay Mehta from the Asian Heart Institute while releasing the results in the city on Friday.That is not all. Around 64% of the respondents between 30 and 34 years had more than one elevated risk factor, implying that young India is far from healthy. If one considers the 40-44 age group, the 'at risk' population goes up to almost 80% across the country.Ahead of the World Heart Day on September 29, experts said the growing epidemic of heart disease among Indians could be traced to two main factors \u2014 improper diet and poor activity levels.\"One should eat five servings of vegetables or fruits every day and dedicate 150 minutes for physical activity every week. But Mumbaikars rarely follow this rule,\" said Dr Saloni Benjamin, chief dietician of the BMCrun Nair Hospital in Mumbai Central.A new survey released underlined the diet-lifestyle problem among Indians. It said that almost 80% of the respondents in the 40-44 years age group had a very unhealthy diet and lifestyle : they ate fried or fatty food four times a week and worked out once a week.On the physical activity front, 72% of the respondents in Ahmedabad confessed to doing 15 minutes of exercise less than 4 times a week, thereby exhibiting a sedentary lifestyle. Mumbai, too, fared poorly with only 36% doing exercises more than four times a week. The saying \u2014 An apple a day keeps the doctor away \u2014is not enough to get Indians to have their fruits. The study found 94 % Indians failed to take the requisite 3-5 servings every day. Both Mumbai and Delhi were on a par with the national average, but Ahmedabad was worse with 96%of the respondents confessing to staying away from fruits.\"Low consumption of fruits, vegetables and salads and wholegrains, together with low levels of physical activity, affects heart health. This has been observed simultaneously in both the genders and across age groups ,\"said D r Benjamin atthe release of the survey's results on Friday.Dr N O Bansal , who heads the cardiology department of JJ Hospital in Byculla, said Indians have to modify their diet and lifestyle to ensure that their hearts stayed healthy . \"We have to stop adopting western diets that are high on fat and sodium ,\" he said.Prevention of heart disease , he said , is as simple as consuming only cow's milk, avoiding the yolk of the egg , sticking to lean meat and eating many colourful fruits and vegetables . \"Indians have a wrong notion that only a walk in the morning helps . Brisk walking at any time of the day is good exercise . People should at least take up yoga .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "merces", "code": "16498997", "title": "Merces residents in the grip of stray dog menace", "text": "MERCES: Packs of stray dogs confront people at every nook and corner in Merces. The canines attack residents ferociously and cause injuries, but the panchayat still remains clueless in providing any viable solution to the problem and little has been done to curb the menace.Developed areas like Milroc, Curca and Chimbel, which are dominated by professionals and middle-class residents, are the most affected areas. Residents, especially senior citizens, feel scared to go outside their homes because of the stray dog menace.After taking over charge, the new sarpanch Yatin Pundalik Palikar was queried about the problem. He said the panchayat had not received any complaints till then. But till the present, nothing has been done by the panchayat on the issue.Josephina Fernandes, a resident, said, \"Dog-bite incidents are regularly reported from this area. With several children being the victims, they are now terrified to play outside. Even senior citizens have stopped their morning walks.\"More disconcerting is the fact that a number of accidents involving two-wheelers are caused by dogs chasing riders, says Ronald Fernandes, a victim.Garbage lying in residential areas and in the market is a major reason why stray dogs move around, added sarpanch Palikar. \"Dogs come here searching for food in the garbage,\" said Walter D'Souza, a panchayat member.Conceicao Monteiro, another resident, says that the dog menace is because people prefer to sit in their cars outside food joints and eateries and eat food in their car. \"They then throw disposable products on the roads that are a major concern,\" she said.Besides the garbage problem, villagers are facing an electricity problem as the power supply is inconsistent. \"Most of the time, there is no electricity in the village and things kept in the fridge get spoiled. Due to this, we also face a loss in business,\" Shirgaonkar, a shop keeper, said.Along with the stray dog menace, residents are scared to move around in the area fearing for their safety due to lack of electricity. The sarpanch, Palikar, said that he would look into the matter and make necessary arrangements to resolve the problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16496802", "title": "Enact laws to prevent hate campaign against faith icons", "text": "Close on the heels of the US film denigrating Prophet Mohammed, a vulgar cartoon series on the Prophet has appeared in a French magazine. These two instances of \"creative freedom\" are clearly aimed at shocking, provoking and offending the public, especially the Muslims.A large section of the Muslims feels the film 'Innocence of Muslims' and the cartoon in the weekly Charlie Hebdo are a conspiracy by the West to enrage the faithful and provoke them into staging protests and then reiterate that the followers of Islamic faith are inherently undemocratic, intolerant and violent.The maker of the film is a convicted bank fraudster from California, Nakoula Basseley Nakoula aka Sam Becile. He is reported to have offered $75 a day to anyone willing to enact certain scenes for a film which he claimed had nothing to do with Islam. The artistes were duped. The original dialogues were replaced with voiceovers. One of the actors, Cindy Lee Garcia, is suing the filmmaker and internet search giant Google, which owns YouTube for fraud and misrepresentation.Those who have seen the movie or its trailer say that it is shoddily made. When there was no response to the film screening, Becile posted the trailer on YouTube but it too evoked little response. Then recently, a resident of Virginia dubbed it in Arabic and sent a link to some people in Egypt. This was picked up by a channel that telecast part of the trailer. The fire was ignited. It started in Egypt where people tried to storm into the US embassy in Cairo. The worst protests took place in Benghazi, Libya, where an American envoy and his three colleagues were killed. Protests were also reported in other Arab-Islamic countries and nations where large Muslim communities live.The US administration has condemned the film but expressed its inability to ban the film or even take it off the YouTube.Whether the film has been made by a Catholic, Protestant, Coptic Christian, Jew or a Buddhist, as has been variously said, it has inflicted enough damage to the cause of interfaith reconciliation and peaceful coexistence of all religions.Following the publication of four derogatory cartoons of the Prophet in Charlie Hebdo weekly, the French government closed down several of its missions\u2014diplomatic, cultural, social and others\u2014to protect its citizens from a possible wave of violent protests on Friday. The cover of the latest issue of Charlie Hebdo, that has a history of offending the Muslims, also reflects a poisonous mind. Last year it published an edition of the weekly which was said to have been 'guest edited' by the Prophet and called it 'Sharia Hebdo.'A senior official of the government in Paris, defending the freedom of speech which includes publication of caricatures, stated that if the Muslims feel that their religious sentiments have been infringed upon they can seek justice from courts.The publication of a set of despicable cartoons in Denmark in 2006 had set off a wave of violent protests. Four years later, a Norwegian newspaper followed the same line. There was also this pastor Terry Jones in the US who burnt the copies of the Quran that triggered violence.However much one would like to look at these incidents as part of the culture of Western liberal democracy, their frequent recurrence indicate deep-rooted hate and non-acceptance of other faiths.The world has solved many of its common ailments by formulating global legislations. May be the time has come for the UN to draft a set of laws to prevent the founders of religions, prophets and faith icons from being subjected to vilification, humiliation and ridicule. The draft could be debated by government as well as non-governmental agencies before being turned into laws. Once such laws are put in place those who have a tendency to insult and hurt other people's faith could be restrained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16501320", "title": "Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu promo song", "text": "The promo song of power star Pawan Kalyan's Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu is out and the response has been quite magnificent. It is already evident that there'll not be any formal audio function and that the songs will be directly released into the market on September 24. Director Puri Jagannath is currently filming the final song in Annapurna Studios and shall wrap up the shooting in a day or two.The post production works of the film are progressing simultaneously while producer Danayya is planning for a massive release worldwide on October 18, 2012. He's currently holding talks with various exhibitors in this connection. The film has done superb business in all areas with top distributors like Dil Raju, Bunny Vasu, etc. bagging the theatrical screening rights of the film. Mani Sharma is scoring the music and Brazilian model Gabriela Bertante will be seen in an item number.Click here for the CGTR promo song", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16502882", "title": "Villagers block road demanding cancellation of public hearing", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Residents of Potka block on Friday blocked Sakchi-Mango road for over an hour accusing Bhusan Power and Steel Ltd (BPSL) of overlooking the provisions of the Chotanagpur Tenancy (CNT) Act to acquire land for its proposed 3 MTPA steel plant and 900 MW power plant in the area.Armed with traditional weapons over 500 villagers, including women and children, gathered at the deputy commissioner's office following their march from the company site, about 40km from here, seeking immediate intervention of the administration in calling off the proposed public hearing of the company slated for September 24.The villagers alleged that the scheduled public hearing, to seek the opinion of the local villagers ahead of the district administration issuing a no objection certificate to the company for its Greenfield project, is nothing but eyewash.\"On the basis of our past experiences, we could conclude that the public hearing will be nothing but a staged event,\" said Ahil Bharatiya Adivasi Mahasabha president Niyaran Herenj.In a petition to governor Syed Ahmed, through the district administration, the outfit members asked the government to prevent the private firm from encroaching on their land through wrong means.\"A majority of the families staying in the radius of the proposed company periphery have denied leaving their ancestral property but the company authorities keep building pressure on the families to sell off the land,\" said a member of Mahasabha.The BPSL has announced Rs 12,000 crore investment in setting up the steel and power plants. In the first phase, the target is to produce 0.5 MTPA steel and 50 MW of power generation in the next two years.Additional district magistrate, law and order, Ajit Shankar who received the petition of the villagers, assured them of taking the decision on holding the public hearing by Saturday.\"We have been told by the ADM that by tomorrow (Saturday) afternoon the district administration will intimate use on whether the public hearing will be held or not,\" said Herenj. Adequate police arrangement was made at the DC's office to prevent any untoward incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16498663", "title": "Honeybees swarm three planes at Kolkata airport", "text": "KOLKATA: The honeybee menace continued to sting Kolkata airport. A swarm invaded three Jet Airways planes on Friday morning, the third such attack in less than a month.Friday's siege lasted an hour, leaving airline and airport staff exasperated. The fire brigade had to be called in to drive the bees off.The swarming happened in quick succession between 9.30am and 11am. The first plane to be affected was the Guwahati-bound 9W 619. Boarding was underway when the pilot noticed hundreds bees swoop in and settle on the aircraft nose close to the cockpit windshield. Within minutes, hundreds more joined in.Alarmed, the pilot contacted airline staff who sought assistance from apron control. Two fire engines trained their cannons on the aircraft tip, setting the bees aflutter. The swarm regrouped, hung around and settled on the nose of another Jet Airways aircraft minutes later. This time, it was the 9W 2863 from Bhubaneswar. The firemen again hosed the plane's nose. The third invasion happened on the Ranchi-bound 9W 2856 flight that was waiting for passengers to board.The bee invasion did not cause any delay or injury, but it has airlines worried. Airlines Operators' Committee chairman (east) Sarvesh Gupta said the matter needed to be sorted out before a mishap happens. \"On Friday, Jet Airways used the rear door for passengers to alight and board. If someone had been stung, it would have led to a difficult situation. We did a recce of the airport a couple of days ago but could not spot the bee hive. Now, we have to scan more closely,\" he said.Significantly, all bee-invasions involved aircraft parked between bays 22 and 25 in front of the new terminal. These are bang in front of an under-construction section adjoining the existing domestic terminal. Work on the rest of the terminal is completed.Such bee attacks had happened at the Delhi airport too during the construction of Terminal 3 a couple of years ago. In the earlier instances in Kolkata, an Air India aircraft was swarmed five weeks ago and three IndiGo Airlines planes attacked by honeybees on a single day last week.Zoologists believe a colony of honeybees may have nested on the work site and invades aircraft when they are disturbed by construction activity. Finding the hive in the five-level mammoth structure will be a challenge. \"The entire terminal may have to be fumigated. But if they are nesting on the roof outside the terminal, it will be even more difficult to spot the nest,\" a forest official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16500770", "title": "Pak panel on Osama to submit report in October: Pakistan foreign minister", "text": "WASHINGTON: The report of the independent commission investigating Osama bin Laden's presence in Pakistan would be available next month, the visiting Pakistani Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar has said.\"We are awaiting the report of the independent commission. That report is going to be out in October,\" Khar said in response to a question during a speaking engagement yesterday at the Council on Foreign Relations, an eminent American think-tank.The panel, popularly known as the Abbottabad Commission, was formed after the Al Qaeda chief was killed in a unilateral US raid in the Pakistani garrison town of Abbottabad on May 2 last year. It was tasked with ascertaining the full facts regarding bin Laden's presence in Pakistan.\"On Osama bin Laden , as you know, we have had an independent commission, which was set up, which is investigating this matter,\" she said.When it was found that Laden was living in that compound, the reaction from Pakistani society was even more hostile than maybe yours. \"They were even more shocked at it than you,\" she said.Khar said from US intelligence reports it is now clear that Pakistani state or any organ of the state had no knowledge of it.\"However, we are awaiting report of the independent commission. And why we have not said or done anything on it is because I think we need to give that process time. Once that report is out, then we will see, obviously, what needs to be done about it,\" she said.The Pak Foreign Minister said that Dr Shakil Afridi, the physician who helped CIA trace Osama bin Laden, should not be treated as hero by Americans. Dr Afridi is currently serving 30 years imprisonment.\"We feel Dr Shakil Afridi should be no hero to the Americans. Dr Shakil Afridi did not know the herculean task that he was trying to do. He did know that he was going after Osama bin Laden.\"He was a man who was up for hire by anybody who was willing to pay him, and that included Islamic organizations, terrorist organizations, which were using him to move and work against your and our interests. So he was no hero,\" Khar said.\"What we have to do right now is to await the legal process to take its full course. And as people who believe in the rule of law, I think we should allow the process. He does have many appeal processes,\" she said.Khar however said that she is concerned about what Afridi could do to the future of polio and children in Pakistan.\"His activity has ensured that today caregivers and people who want to work for polio are not welcomed. This was a huge battle of 20 years that we had to fight in Pakistan. Because of this one single man's activity, polio today is an emerging concern in Pakistan,\" she said.\"I would urge you not allow this one single man to be the demonstration of Pakistan-US relations and not to put hostage to the future of this.\"I can assure you that he has appeal process that is available to him. His lawyers are going through that appeal process. Let it run its course. But let's take this man for what he was.\"Let's not valorize a man who may be seen over here to be pursuing something that he clearly wasn't,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16499656", "title": "CBSE accreditation workshop concludes", "text": "KOCHI: A two-day training workshop on school quality assessment &amp; accreditation initiated by the Central Board of Secondary Examination (CBSE ) concluded here on Friday.Prinicipals and vice-principals from over 100 schools, including 77 member schools of the Central Kerala Sahodaya Complex from Ernakulam and Idukki districts , took part in the workshop.CBSE has made it mandatory for all its affiliated schools to get accredited through any of the 12 agencies identified by it for external assessment.All the schools have to apply for accreditation within three years of inception . In case a school fails in the assessment , it can reapply in another two years . But if it fails twice consecutively , it will lose CBSE affiliation.Francis Sounderaraj , former principal of MCC Madras , and Rajan Varghese , the principal of Mar Thoma College of Management &amp; Technology , were the trainers . Tomy Nambiaparambil and Benny Maramparampil spoke at the function .While CBSE affiliation to schools is based on infrastructure , schools will get accreditation only after an evaluation is done on how infrastructure and resources are being used for maintaining quality of education . Schools are judged on seven parameters -- scholastic processes , co-scholastic processes , infrastructure , human resource , management and administration , leadership and beneficiary satisfaction .The seven parameters are divided into 250 sub-domains such as life skills, value systems , attitude , work education , visual and performing arts , co-scholastic activities , health and physical activities , health cards , classrooms , library , laboratory , computer labs and ICT facilities , playground , transportation facilities , girls' rest rooms , infirmary , water and sanitation and health management facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16498274", "title": "Worker falls from 3rd floor", "text": "MUMBAI: A 22-year-old worker sustained severe injuries after he fell from the third floor of an under-construction building at Borivli (E) on Wednesday. Lalchand Seth has been kept under observation at Bhagwati Hospital in Borivli (W).Seth was working with his helmet and safety harness on at the site of the Twin Towers at Dattapada, being developed by Bhatia Constructions, when around 5pm, he lost balance and slipped. The helmet was smashed from the fall. \"Prima facie, there doesn't seem to be any negligence,\" said Bharat Worlikar, senior inspector, Kasturba Marg police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16501686", "title": "Varanasi celebrates Lolark Chatth", "text": "Varanasi: To mark the celebrations of Lolark Chatth festival with religious fervour, sea of devotees from across the country thronged the Lolark Kund at Bhadaini on Friday.While holy dip in the kund followed by donation of clothes marked the occasion, a number of devotees also worshipped Lolarkeshwar Mahadev by offering prayers at the temple situated in the premises of the kund. Kreem kund at Aghoracharya Baba Kinaram Aghor Shodh and Seva Sansthan in Ravindrapuri also witnessed a large number of devouts on the occasion.The Lolark Chatth, which is celebrated on the sixth day of Bhadrapad month, holds special significance in the city. As per tradition, the devotees, taking holy dip in Lolark kund, donate their clothes and wear new clothes before worshipping Lolarkeshwar Mahadev. It is believed that the donations and sacrifices turn into special blessings.Meanwhile, traffic congestion and route diversion were also witnessed in different parts of the city because of Lolark Chatth celebrations. The southern parts of the city especially Bhelupur, Kamachha, Ravindrapuri and Assi areas witnessed traffic congestion on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16498639", "title": "Unhealthy posting!", "text": "NAGPUR: Three years after the Nagpur high court ruled, on a petition filed by assistant health officer (sanitation) Dr Milind Ganvir, that the post of deputy director of health (DDH) in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation is illegal, he is holding its additional charge and issuing orders since the past nine months.The court is yet to pass a final order on the issue. Naturally, Ganvir has not pursued his legal fight after being elevated to the post.Ganvir had filed the case when Dr Rajan Pradhan was appointed DDH on January 1, 2009. Pradhan took voluntary retirement in September last year in view of the controversy. Two months later, the then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal then asked Ganvir to take charge as DDH despite the contrary court ruling.Today, Ganvir is enjoying power and privileges of the post, with both health officers (sanitation and medical) reporting to him. The entire health department, with all its hospitals and doctors, is also administered by him.Ganvir had filed a writ petition in 2009 challenging the appointment of Pradhan as DDH, claiming the post could not exist in NMC as the highest post in the health department was of 'health officer'. Ganvir, who was then assistant health officer, also pleaded that there was only one post of 'health officer', and by seniority and qualifications he was the lone candidate for the post.The high court observed that the DDH post was not created as per proper procedure, and so was illegal. On December 14, 2009, the HC directed NMC not to fill the post without prior permission. The court observed that the post of DDH is nowhere contemplated under the City of Nagpur Corporation (CNC) Act. It also said the health officer should be a principal officer, and cannot be subordinated by the DDH. It only allowed NMC to appoint or promote suitable officer to the post of health officer.On March 11, 2010, the HC also said that the corporation should not have created two posts of health officers, since only one post is permitted under the CNC Act; again allowing NMC to promote suitable officer to post.Appointment letters of health officers and DDHs, court observations, papers submitted by Ganvir and NMC in court (all documents procured by a citizen under RTI), and investigations by TOI, have revealed many irregularities in appointments in the health department. Even as Ganvir signs documents as DDH, his actual post continues to be 'assistant health officer'. In effect, he is holding additional charge of a post created illegally, that too two levels above his designation!The DDH post was created by the then NMC commissioner T Chandrashekhar in 2001, with the state government deputing an officer to the post for one year. After that, only Dr SG Kimmatkar was promoted to the post with the higher pay scale. Later, all officers have held the post of DDH as additional charge, with no financial benefits.Sources in NMC say Ganvir has used his influence to retain the post. \"The NMC is a mess. Only people with influence can survive. I opted for voluntary retirement since I couldn't bear the political pressures and administrative interference in my work, although I was senior to Ganvir,\" said a retired DDH not wanting to be named.Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane said the records show the post was created following an NMC resolution of May 13, 2000. The corporation sent a proposal to the government to create the post of DDH. The state sanctioned the post on November 14, 2003. A fresh proposal was sent after the state government appointee MS Pimpalgaonkar quit the post, and the post was given to Dr Kimmatkar. The post continues thereafter without any financial benefits, and was vacant for three years, between 2006 and 2009.Wardhane said documents show Ganvir had also filed a contempt petition on December 1, 2010 against NMC not abolishing the DDH's post. He, however, withdrew it. \" I'll seek legal opinion before taking any action,\" said the commissioner.Ganvir himself sees nothing wrong in holding a post he had challenged in the high court. \"If I had refused this post, my junior would have been appointed there. How could I work under my junior?\" he said. \"I am only following the commissioner's orders,\" Ganvir added.Sources in NMC say Ganvir withdrew the contempt of court petition after he was appointed to the post. \"I did not pursue the contempt plea as it was not in my favour,\" Ganvir told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16498948", "title": "Indo-Canada joint venture to offer adventure trips", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Tourists bored of the usual activities can now gear up for an adventurous feel of mining activities. An Ahmedabad-based organisation has collaborated with a Canadian company for development of mines and minerals tourism across the country.While all eyes are on Coalgate, Cluster Pulse, an economic development agency has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with CES Clients, a Canadian tourism and community development firm to develop mining pits as tourist attraction spots. The organizations will create recreation activities around closed and functioning mines to give tourists a feel of the mine, its history and also an overview of the life of workers at the mine. The organizations have also developed a technology which will give people the experience of a mine blast.\"The technology will create a mining scenario, where a person can be stimulated to actually experience the vibration and the sound of the blast along with the temperature during mining,\" said Jagat Shah, founder cum mentor of Cluster Pulse.The team has been roped in by the Goa government for its pilot project. The draft mining policy announced by Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar in August had proposed that tourism be developed in mines that have shut down after excavation of minerals. The policy states that \"mineral-related tourism would be promoted with a view to create awareness, educate the masses and provide employment opportunities to the local people\".\"Around the mines, we plan to create recreation activities and engage the community in discussion. The community is the true owner of the ecosystem and the project will also generate employment around the area,\" said Shah.The team also plans to approach the Gujarat government after it completes the Goa project. \"The Gujarat government is actively promoting tourism and there are several mines in the state which can be developed into tourist spots, including the ones that are functioning,\" said Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16499242", "title": "Sultry days through the month: Met depertment", "text": "BANGALORE: Are sultry days here to stay ? With the temperature on Friday touching 31 degrees Celsius, the weatherman says this will continue till the end of the month as it's a weak monsoon period till September last week. This also means trying to keep the attendant viral and bacterial infections at bay , as common cold and fever cases tend to shoot up in this season .\"There was isolated rainfall till last week across the city and districts . But a rising cyclonic circulation in East Arabian Sea is prevailing but it has to descend to the sea level to result in rainfall in coastal and interior Karnataka , including Bangalore ,\" said B Puttanna , director , Meteorological department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16497811", "title": "I am suffocating, says BS Yeddyurappa", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa on Friday indicated that he has set one foot outside the BJP's door.At a news conference to announce his tour of drought-hit districts, Yeddyurappa dropped clear hints that he was ready to bid goodbye. \"I am feeling suffocated in the party. I will not accept the state unit post, even if the party offers it to me. I am waiting for an opportune time to decide my future. But I will take a final decision only after completing the second leg of my drought tour by December end,'' he added.The former CM also indicated that he was not keen to attend the BJP national executive in Haryana from December 27. \"I've not decided yet. It's still a long way off,'' he added.On why he was taking so long to decide about his future if he was feeling suffocated, Yeddyurappa said he did not want to rock the Jagadish Shettar government. Apparently, the BJP strongman is upset at being neglected by the top brass though he has made clear his ambition to head the state unit and lead the party in the 2013 assembly election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16496760", "title": "Telangana-torchbearer Konda Lakshman passes away", "text": "HYDERABAD: Freedom fighter and veteran of Telangana movement Konda Lakshman, popularly known as 'Bapuji', passed away on Friday morning at his residence at the age of 97. Bapuji was hale and hearty till the other day and actively participated in the installation ceremony of the famous Khairatabad Ganesha idol on Wednesday. He died when arrangements were afoot for his next birthday on September 27.Konda Lakshman was the first minister to quit the Kasu Brahmananda Reddy cabinet for the Telangana cause. Till then the Telangana movement was being run by the students of Osmania University and some young intellectuals of Hyderabad. Alleging that the Gentleman's Agreement of 1956 was violated, Bapuji, who was information and labour minister, had quit the cabinet to join the nascent Telangana Praja Samithi (TPS).It was his entry that transformed the hitherto student and youth movement into a political struggle for a separate state. Earlier, 'Bapuji' brought about a split in the AP Congress by forming the Telangana Pradesh Congress Committee with the support of dozens of MLAs from the region. He was deputy Speaker for some time. Bapuji was born in Wankidi village in Adilabad district in 1915 into a weaver's family, and was an arch rival of another T-veteran and TPS president Marri Channa Reddy. Then CM Brahmananda Reddy used to say that he was confident that the Telangana movement would not move forward as long as Channa Reddy and Bapuji were at the helm of affairs. Their presence polarised the movement ideologically into Reddys and non-Reddys.An inveterate fighter, the grand old man of T never gave up his separate statehood demand even for a day. At 96, he sat for an indefinite fast in Delhi's Parliament Street demanding Telangana bill in Parliament last November. He organised round table meetings, padayatras, sadbhavana yatras and all-party meetings for the cause of T. Without any hesitation, he made himself available to every forum, party and individual fighting for Telangana state.Another issue he constantly fought for was the plight of the weavers from Telangana. He was instrumental in mobilising weavers across the country for their rehabilitation in the face of mills' onslaught.Bapuji's political career began with his participation in the Quit India movement in 1942. It took a Telangana turn in 1952 through the Mulki agitation. He transformed himself into a T-leader in 1969 by becoming the first minister to resign from the cabinet. Bapuji first contested unsuccessfully from Munugodu Assembly constituency in 1962. However, later he represented Bhongir Assembly constituency for two terms (1967-78).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16502700", "title": "HC asks govt for report on deportation of infiltrators", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Gauhati high court on Friday asked the Assam chief secretary to submit a report on the state government's role in the detection, detention and deportation of illegal migrants in Assam with special reference to the rehabilitation procedure of the victims of the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) riots.The high court order came in response to a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by the All Assam Tribal Sangha (AATS), which prayed for immediate measures be taken to detect illegal migrants in the riot-hit areas of the BTC before starting the rehabilitation process.The high court asked the state government to furnish the report before the next hearing slated on November 19.The PIL alleged that the state government and the Centre had violated the Assam Land &amp; Revenue Regulation Act, the Foreigner's Act, the National Security Act, the BTC Accord and the Assam Accord while dealing with the illegal migrants issue in the state.\"According to these acts, tribal people should have land rights in tribal belts and blocks. Moreover, according to the Assam Accord, any illegal Bangladeshis who came to the state after 25 March, 1971 have to leave the state,\" said Aditya Khaglari, petitioner and leader of AATS.The petitioner added, \"Though the state government set certain guidelines to rehabilitate the riot victims of the BTC area, we believe there is a huge population of illegal migrants sheltering in the relief camps. We don't want these infiltrators to settle down on tribal land. So, we moved the high court, praying for a thorough verification of relief camp inmates before rehabilitating them.\"Earlier, the high court directed the Union home ministry, chief election commissioner, Assam state election commission, BTC administration, state government's commissioner and secretary, deputy commissioners and superintendents of police of the four riot-hit districts in the BTC area to furnish their affidavits in the matter.Senior advocate N Dutta and advocate A K Bhuyan argued for the petitioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16499263", "title": "A cruel joke on students with LD", "text": "The lack of textbooks in English is a cruel joke played on students with learning disability. Giving them options and then taking away these options by printing textbooks in only one language is administrative insensitivity at its worst. Both the education department and schools must remember that these students already start with a huge disadvantage; they should strive to give them a level playing field, not make things more difficult for them.Related story : Textbook traumas for kids with learning disabilities", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16498240", "title": "Girls wants childhood marriage annulled, groom refuses", "text": "JODHPUR: Yet another girl from the state has come forward to annul her childhood marriage though the groom's family refused any such move.Santu from Mandala Kalan village of Phalodi near Jodhpur has refused to go with her husband's home and has expressed her determination to get her marriage annulled.\"She approached us about three days back along with her father and expressed her wish to get her marriage annulled, which was solemnized with Babulal of nearby village Mandala Khurd, when she was barely nine months,\" said rehabilitation psychologist Kriti Bharti of Sarthi Trust.After seeing the girl's determination, Bharti approached the groom's side, which categorically refused to consent to the annulment but ask her to convince Santu to accept the marriage. \"We will wait till Saturday morning. If they come, we will go for mutual annulment otherwise, it will be a one sided affair,\" Bharti said.When asked, Santu, who is illiterate and 19 years now, said \"I want to get rid of this relationship. The boy is medically unfit and under continuous treatment. Besides, he is also shorter than me. Now, I should have my own choice.\"Bharti said it was during the \"gauna\" of the girl, when they first learnt about the ill health of Babulal. Her father Narayan Ram Jat, a farmer, said, \"When we refused to send Santu to his house, they threatened us of calling a session of the caste panchayat to expel us from our caste besides imposing heavy damages. They also threatened that they would not allow the marriage of my other daughters to take place.\"But for the better future of her daughter, Jat is willing get the marriage annulled and admitted that child marriage is an evil practice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16500967", "title": "UN-WTO affiliation for Kitts in silver jubliee year", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala Institute of Tourism and Travel Studies (Kitts) will soon have an affiliated membership with UNWTO entitling students with UN scholarships to enroll for courses at the Kitts campus.Tourism minister AP Anil Kumar said the decision by the government to elevate Kitts to a nodal agency for department of tourism will boost the tourism sector. \"Kitts will adequately address the manpower shortage faced by the tourism trade by launching specific courses. The WTO affiliation will be a first of its kind for any tourism institute in the country, which will convert Kitts into apremier bracket for tourism studies,\" the minister said.\"The linkage with the WTO will build quality and widen the scope for employment opportunities for students enrolled with Kitts, and facilitate exchange programmes for faculty and students. The executive committee meeting on October 7 said that the affiliation was in its final stage, just a step away from the final approval from the Government of India. Students from Saarc countries could attend classes here and courses would be restructured to meet their demands,\" said director of Kitts Dr Rajashree Ajith.Kitts is also working on a tie-up with Leeds Metropolitan University, UK and California's San Diego University .Established in 1988, Kitts, which brags 100% placement for its students, will inaugurate its year-long silver jubilee celebrations on September 26. As part of the celebration, the institute will organize seminars in districts, workshops, faculty development programmes, business meets, promotional activities, educational meets, tourism management projects by students, etc.Kitts made its academic entry with short term certificate and diploma courses. Now, it conducts MBA and PG diploma courses in travel and tourism. Besides running full-term courses, the institute also holds capacity building programmes and undertakes research and consultancy for the tourism department. Kitts successfully conducted a finishing school for 120 higher secondary students who have all been successfully placed.Kitts has been granted IATA recognition this year and has introduced new courses such as PG diploma in PR, tourism and even management. Diploma courses in airport operation and spa management, branding, logistics and certificate courses in naturalist, tour guide have also been introduced.Certificate courses are also being held at the Kitts sub centres in Thalassery, Malayattoor and Ernakulam. Hunar Se Roozgar, a tourismcentric employment scheme by the Centre with the aim to employ under-privileged youth is also being conducted at Kitts.Chief minister Oommen Chandy will inaugurate the silver jubilee programme at Kitts campus at Thycaud at 3pm on September 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16499473", "title": "Govt schools to run from 9am to 4pm", "text": "PATNA: The state government has decided to increase from October 1 the duration of government middle and high schools by one hour, from 9am to 4pm. Earlier, it was 10am to 4pm.The decision has been taken for the overall development of students, said Amarjeet Sinha, principal secretary, education department, on Friday.Sinha said since schools start late, many parents send their kids to private tutors in the morning and the students come to schools only for midday meals. \"We hope that increasing the school period will now discourage parents from sending their children for tuition,\" he said, adding that increase in study hours of primary school students resulted in better attendance in these classes.\"Many schools have gymnasiums which are not utilized by students, or computer labs that are not fully utilized. The increase in school hours will help them take benefit of these facilities as well,\" he said. \"According to the Right to Education Act (RTE), a minimum of 45 hours study time per week is required by students. But at present students only put in 34 hours,\" he added.He said with this endeavour the government aims to improve extracurricular activities in schools. \"Students will not only improve in academics, but with increased timing they can take part in morning assembly or yoga sessions, which will help in their all round progress,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16499206", "title": "Truck crushes 13-yr-old to death", "text": "BANGALORE: A 13-year-old boy was crushed to death after a speeding truck rammed him at Jalahalli Cross , Peenya, on Bangalore-Tumkur Highway, on Friday.Hemanth Kumar Vasudev, a resident of Alur near Madanayakanahalli , was returning home after celebrating Ganesh Chaturthi at his aunt's place. Hemanth, along with his father and elder sister , had come to aunt Sanjeevamma's place in Hesaraghatta Main Road on Tuesday evening. A Class VII student, Hemanth is survived by his parents and sister.According to Sanjeevamma, they were crossing National Highway 4 at 6.30am when the accident took place. \"Hemanth had school on Friday so he wanted to go home. We were heading towards the bus stop,\" Sanjeevamma told police.Seeing the truck, Sanjeevamma stepped onto the median but by then Hemanth had already started crossing the road. \"The driver couldn't control the vehicle and hit the boy,\" she told them.Driver Syed Aslam, a Bangarpet resident, was arrested and his vehicle seized . The body was sent for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16409348", "title": "Tired of people posting baby photos online?", "text": "As the Unbaby.me application on Facebook gains popularity, we also wish there were apps to block out duck-faces, PDA and other FB irritants!Since when did Facebook - \"a social utility that connects people with friends and others who work, study and live around them\" - turn into a channel through which people shove pictures of their babies, phoren vacations, cleavage/chiselled abs, or even entire wedding albums, down our throats?Prompted by all the toddler hate in the air, three New Yorkers - Peter Marquis, Yvonne Cheng and Chris Baker - devised the browser extention, Unbaby.me to \"replace any and all baby pictures on Facebook with 'awesome stuff'\" (namely, baby sloths, cats and other animals). An enraged mommy-blogger fired back at these baby haters, saying, \"You have over 600 photos of you getting drunk spanning the last 15 years. With the same haircut. What's with the baby hang-up, anyway?\"The above battle for the status of 'least irritating' has prompted us to wonder: Who are the most annoying people on Facebook?The ones with the marriage timeline Married people are the most hyperactive FB users, effectively turning the website into shaadi.com. Logging on means having to face the onslaught of roka, engagement, wedding and honeymoon pictures, 'wedding countdowns' as updates and fiances coochie-cooing all over your timeline. Did you know that a marriage really isn't official until your relationship status says so and a thousand people 'like' it and post comments like 'cool bro' on it thereafter? Well, now you do.Honorary mention The unmarried couples. Sure she 'hearts' you and you think he's 'awwww', but we'd rather not know that.The ones with the baby photos They are cute, of course, but there's only so much babies can do. Mostly they just lie there and drool, and sometimes crack a smile. It gets kind of boring after the 101st picture, when you run out of all your awwwwwws. Also, separate FB accounts for babies through which they send you friend requests? There's a thin line between cute and creepy and your baby just crossed it by commenting on my profile picture.Honorary mention: The ones with pet photos. Replace all the babies in the above para with dogs/cats and you will get the message.The over-sharers: Do we really need to what you did last summer? Or last night? Or what you are doing at this very moment? Even before one can say the words 'log in' - every nano-minute of your friends' lives is on display. This includes duck-faces in movie halls ('Joker sucks, lolz') or the 'rock on' sign in pubs ('Chillin wid ma homiez'), pictures of what food they are eating (and later, status updates from the loo on how it upset their stomach)... Sometimes, people even go a step ahead and post their 'current' location on their pages - you know, just to let the whole world and it's naani know you're at GK2 eating paani-puri with your BFFs (tagged in the update, of course).Attention-seekers: Even though everybody on Facebook is seeking attention on some level, these guys use the most cringeworthy tactics. Like taking the quiz, 'Which Bollywood Actress Do You Look Like'? (Facebook says you look like Katrina Kaif? Well, phir toh you definitely do 'coz everybody knows Facebook's never wrong.) Or posting the lyrics of an Avril Lavigne song so that everyone asks you, 'Is everything okay?' Or posting some vague philosopher's quote because you are so intellectual (which a 100 people will then 'like', because they are also so intellectual). Worst offenders? Dramatic exes, who, when they aren't busy tearing apart their former loves on their walls, are busy changing their relationship status. Since this isn't a Karan Johar movie and you aren't Shah Rukh and Kajol , we seriously don't give a damn.The ones with the duck-faces: We all know that face. You know, the one every girl makes whenever there's a camera in the room. The one they think makes them look like Angelina Jolie but they actually just look like ducks... or worse, fish. The duck-face is usually accompanied by equally painful-looking body contortions and black-and-white photography. The male equivalent of a duck-face is intensely staring at something off-camera. We presume they think it makes them look like James Bond. Sure... if James Bond was highly constipated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16500414", "title": "Omni bus fares go up by 30-50 in city", "text": "COIMBATORE: Following an increase in the price of diesel, Coimbatore Omni Bus Owners Association has announced an increased in fares for all routes from Friday.The association has decided to increase the fares by Rs 30 and Rs 50 per seat, based on the distance, said N Senthil Kumar, secretary, Coimbatore Omni Bus Owners Association. Buses travelling anywhere covering 200 to 300km would be charged an additional Rs 30. Similarly, those buses travelling over 400 to 500km would be charged an additional Rs 50 from the previous fares.Thus, buses operating from Coimbatore to Trichy, the fare would increase from Rs 250 to Rs 280 for non-AC buses. The prices would be higher for AC buses. The bus fare to Chennai from the city would increase from Rs 450 to Rs 500 for non-AC buses. For AC buses, the fare would increase from Rs 650 to Rs 700.Similar fare structure will also apply for buses travelling to other states including Kerala and Karnataka, he added.Senthil Kumar said Omni buses get a mileage of 4 km per litre for non-AC buses. Operators have to spend at least Rs 7,500 per long-distance trip for diesel, which has now increased due to the diesel price hike. Many times, seats are not filled but buses still have to operate, Senthil said. Thus, it was not viable to operate on low fares, he added. Stiff competition and shortage of labour also add to operator woes.Bus operators get good business only during season, while the rest of the time they have to operate under losses, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16498623", "title": "Pakistan allows Indian Sikhs to visit four more gurdwaras", "text": "AMRITSAR: For the first time, Pakistan government will allow Indian Sikh pilgrims to visit four more historical Sikh gurdwaras. These gurdwaras will be opened in November when Sikh pilgrims visit Pakistan to celebrate the birth anniversary of Guru Nanak Dev.Pakistan government allows Indian Sikh devotees to visit only 16 of the 175 gurdwaras. However, the Sikhs of Pakistan and other countries can visit all the gurdwaras.The four gurdwaras which will be opened include Gurdwara Janamsthan Bebe Nanaki at Dera Chahal in Lahore, Gurdwara Babe Di Ber in Sialkot, Gurdwara Bhai Joga Singh and Gurdwara Bhai Biba Singh, both in Peshawar.Dera Chahal village, about 35 km from Lahore, is the birth place of Guru Nanak Dev's elder sister Bebe Nanaki.Nankana Sahib Sikh Yatree Jatha president Swaran Singh told TOI that the Pakistan Evacuee Trust Property Board was restoring these gurdwaras for the last one year. The Board has been managing Sikh and Hindu shrines in Pakistan since the partition in 1947.Besdies these four, Indian Sikh pilgrims can visit Gurdwara Sacha Sauda, Gurdwara Dera Sahib, Gurdwara Janamasthan Guru Ram Das, Gurdwara Singh Singhania, Gurdwara Hargobind Sahib and Gurdwaa Mula Khatri, Gurdwara Nankana Sahib, Gurdwara Punja Sahib, Gurdwara Kartarpur Sahib, and Gurdwara Rori Sahib.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16502558", "title": "13 dengue cases in two Kamrup dists", "text": "GUWAHATI: Around 13 cases of dengue have been reported from Guwahati and its surrounding areas. As per the report of the directorate of health services, nine cases were reported from Kamrup (metro) district and one from Kamrup (rural) district on Friday. Other than that, 3 cases have been reported from International Hospitals in the city.Kamal Khaund, chief medical officer of National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme ( NVBDCP) said, \"Around 10 cases have been reported so far, but we have already started fogging and awareness programme in the affected areas. No cases have been reported from other districts so far.\"The disease is caused by the biting of aedes mosquito, which breeds in stagnant water. These mosquitoes also breed in clean water so steps should be taken to ensure that there is no stagnant water anywhere near the house and its surrounding. The symptoms are backache, headache and fever. Khaund said, \"The virus has probably been carried by patients from Kolkata. There are also cases from Arunachal Pradesh. Anyone with a fever, headache or backache should report to the doctor within the first five days itself.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16502893", "title": "Villagers block road demanding cancellation of public hearing", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Residents of Potka block on Friday blocked Sakchi-Mango road for over an hour accusing Bhusan Power and Steel Ltd (BPSL) of overlooking the provisions of the Chotanagpur Tenancy (CNT) Act to acquire land for its proposed 3 MTPA steel plant and 900 MW power plant in the area.Armed with traditional weapons over 500 villagers, including women and children, gathered at the deputy commissioner's office following their march from the company site, about 40km from here, seeking immediate intervention of the administration in calling off the proposed public hearing of the company slated for September 24.The villagers alleged that the scheduled public hearing, to seek the opinion of the local villagers ahead of the district administration issuing a no objection certificate to the company for its Greenfield project, is nothing but eyewash.\"On the basis of our past experiences, we could conclude that the public hearing will be nothing but a staged event,\" said Ahil Bharatiya Adivasi Mahasabha president Niyaran Herenj.In a petition to governor Syed Ahmed, through the district administration, the outfit members asked the government to prevent the private firm from encroaching on their land through wrong means.\"A majority of the families staying in the radius of the proposed company periphery have denied leaving their ancestral property but the company authorities keep building pressure on the families to sell off the land,\" said a member of Mahasabha.The BPSL has announced Rs 12,000 crore investment in setting up the steel and power plants. In the first phase, the target is to produce 0.5 MTPA steel and 50 MW of power generation in the next two years.Additional district magistrate, law and order, Ajit Shankar who received the petition of the villagers, assured them of taking the decision on holding the public hearing by Saturday.\"We have been told by the ADM that by tomorrow (Saturday) afternoon the district administration will intimate use on whether the public hearing will be held or not,\" said Herenj. Adequate police arrangement was made at the DC's office to prevent any untoward incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16502853", "title": "Drought fears allayed", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Good rainfall in August-September has washed away fears of khariff crop failure in the area. The district agriculture officer, Sukhdeo Hembrom, said though 100 per cent sowing could not be achieved because of scanty rainfall in the early days of the monsoon (June-July), the farmers can heave a sigh of relief as there will be no drought now. \"With continuous rainfall in September, farmers swung into action and transplanted paddy with renewed hope. Out of a target of sowing kharif seeds over 84,000 hectare, they succeeded in 66,100 hectare, which is 79 per cent. No one hoped to reach this figure even on August 31,\" said Hembrom.He added that the crop yield would be less than last year's because of the late start of the monsoon. The officer expressed satisfaction over 101 per cent sowing of maize though. Out of a target of 11,900 hectare, the crop was raised on 12,100 hectare. \"The farmers were quick to react the moment they saw the rainfall improving in the latter part of the season,\" he said.Despite a rain deficit of 35 per cent, the overall position is now very encouraging. \"Rainfall has been satisfactory in all the 16 blocks and there's no drought anywhere,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497762", "title": "184 share-auto routes in Mumbai, neighbourhood get nod", "text": "MUMBAI: The huge demand for auto shuttles, the state transport commissioner on Friday approved 184 share-auto routes in Mumbai, Thane and Panvel.State transport commissioner V N More said the decision was taken at a meeting in Mantralaya a day earlier, but the final order was signed on Friday. \"Auto unions and commuters wanted us to introduce more share autos in the suburbs,\" More said.\"We have decided to introduce 16 new routes in the western suburbs (Bandra to Dahisar), 15 in the eastern suburbs (Kurla to Mulund / Mankhurd), 28 in Thane and a whopping 125 routes in Panvel,\" he added,Experts believe auto shuttles will ease pollution since three passengers will travel in one auto instead of three vehicles. Auto union leaders have also been demanding on more share-auto stands in the suburbs as they feel it will bring down the cases of refusals. In the last six months, More introduced 11 and 31 auto shuttles in the western and eastern suburbs. \"With the new routes, especially in the Andheri-Borivli belt, we aim to reduce the number of refusal cases outside stations,\" said a senior RTO official.Auto union leader Shashank Rao welcomed the move. \"I had submitted a list of over 100 new auto shuttle routes in Mumbai. The plan should be introduced on other routes as it will link densely populated housing colonies with stations,\" Rao said.Union leader Thampy Kurien said there was a \"tacit understanding\" between share-auto operators and commuters on routes not officially approved by the Regional Transport Office (RTO). \"These routes should be regularized so that thousands of commuters can benefit,\" he said.According to a senior Mantralaya official, the Hakim committee report had recommended setting up of auto-shuttle routes and Friday's move was the first step in this direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16497785", "title": "Textbook traumas for kids with learning disabilities", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra provided special concessions to students with learning disabilities (LD), way back in 1996, the first state in the country to do so. However, despite a court ruling 10 years later in 2006 enforcing the same, students with learning disabilities still find the going tough, as do other students with special needs like autism and physical disabilities.The language hurdle is a glaring example. State board students (class I to X) with various forms of LD are exempt from studying a language other than English and can opt for a vocational subject. But textbooks for all these subjects (barring Typewriting and Personality Development) are available only in Marathi.Parents say despite the landmark Bombay High Court ruling in 2006, which made it mandatory for schools to screen students to detect LD and provide several concessions, implementation remains poor. Even implementation of the Right To Education Act in 2009 has brought little relief to students with learning and other disabilities. Children with special needs still find inclusion and infrastructure are issues in many schools, as are trained teachers.\"It was a milestone when the HC ruled in favour of students with LD and ordered schools across boards to give concessions to students. But our children still can't understand what is being taught in the vocational subjects,\" said Hemendra Shah, whose daughter is in class X. \"My son wants to drop Marathi, his second language, but is helpless as textbooks in all other subjects are available only in Marathi,\" said N Swamy (name changed), whose son is studying in class IX at a Mulund school.The Maharashtra Dyslexic Association (MDA) said the government too can't be blamed in this situation. \"After LD was recognised by the state, the Mumbai division board released the syllabus for all vocational subjects for schools. But only Sharadashram Vidyamandir in Dadar took the initiative to make textbooks for their students,\" said Masarrat Khan, CEO of MDA. \"It is a difficult process to bring out new textbooks for LD students but the least people can do is translate books provided in Marathi into any other language. People need to take this initiative now,\" added Khan. A senior education department official said, \"Till date, no one has come to us with this complaint. There are English versions of textbooks but they are not easily available in the market. We will look into this matter and see how best we can help the students.\"Suzan Machado, the parent of an LD student who fought the case in the HC in 2006 said, \"It is not just that teachers are not trained, the problem lies in the fact that most schools don't have a councilor on board. Only then can teachers be trained to teach students with LD or autism. Even though there has been some improvement over the years, in many schools students and teachers are struggling to cope with the syllabus.\"Autistic children have it no better. \"We fought for years together and even though the government was very sympathetic to our case, there was little progress until just three years ago,\" said Chitra Iyer, of the Forum for Autism (FFA). The state board finally opened its doors to autistic children only in 2011, when for the first time 10 autistic students appeared for the SSC examination. \"The education department is reactive, but it also needs to be proactive. Even after the court order on autistic students, it took more than a year to get a government resolution for schools outlining concessions for autistic students,\" she said. She added the government recently informed FFA about setting up a committee with professionals to form a curriculum for students with special needs. \"Hopefully it will be in place soon,\" Iyer said.Child Relief &amp; You (CRY) is one of the organisations fighting for the inclusion of disabled children under the Right To Education Act, along with disadvantaged students, for more than two years now. \"Even though there is a clause bringing physically challenged children under the purview of the Act, there's no clarity on how schools are supposed to implement it. So most schools don't acknowledge this group of students,\" said Kreeanne Rabadi, regional director. \"Mere inclusiveness is not enough. Schools are still not ready with the right infrastructure to accommodate physically disabled children,\" added Rabadi.Times View: A cruel joke on students with LDThe lack of textbooks in English is a cruel joke played on students with learning disability. Giving them options and then taking away these options by printing textbooks in only one language is administrative insensitivity at its worst. Both the education department and schools must remember that these students already start with a huge disadvantage; they should strive to give them a level playing field, not make things more difficult for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16498792", "title": "Pharmacist missing, 27 shops' licence suspended", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has suspended 27 licenses for temporary period after the pharmacist was found missing from the chemist shops. According to rule, a pharmacist has to be at the chemist shop when the shop is open. But during surprise inspection the FDA found 27 shops violating this provision. The licence of these shops have been for suspended to a period ranging between 15 and 30 days.FDA sources claimed that, the action has been initiated in wake of directive issued by state FDA commissioner. \"Earlier, the department was didn't take any action for these types of violations. Those found repeatedly guilty of such violations were punished with small suspension terms of two-three days,\" sources said.After FDA commissioner discovered that the FDA officers at local level are much lenient and many violators go without proper punishment, he directed every FDA office to take stringent action against such violators. \"We have suspended the chemists licenses for 15 to 30 days, where pharmacists were found missing during inspection. Similar assessment of all chemist shops is underway and whoever found guilty of violation would invite strong action,\" said assistant commissioner of FDA Chandrapur Sunil Jambhulkar.Sources claimed that FDA could increase the suspension period up to six months, if these shops don't fall in line. \"The action has scared the retailers. Any suspension for three to six months could lead to expiry of large quantity of drugs in the shop. Moreover wholesalers have become cautious on lending medicines to non-pharmacist retailers,\" said a chemist.Chemist and druggist leader Mukund Dubey however blamed FDA for such violation. \"The process of issuing chemist licenses is flawed and full of loopholes. The related law dates back to 1945 and have seen little amendments since then. Time has changed and so there is a need to amend the law as per needs of modern days,\" he said.\"Non-qualified people take advantage of loopholes in process and obtain chemists licenses. FDA should make the process infallible, Dubey said. He also lambasted the rising practices of doctors seeking chemist licenses themselves or in the name of their relatives or partners. Of those licenses suspended by FDA, a few are chemists shops run at nursing home or have some connection with doctors.\"FDA is now demanding sale and purchase details of medicines from chemist shops. Why don't the department ask the same from doctors, who purchase large quantity of medicines, but keep no record of its dispensing? Similarly income tax and sales department should also inquire into this practice of doctors,\" Dubey demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "west midnapore/singur", "code": "16498722", "title": "Cong-TMC standoff over Singur rally", "text": "WEST MIDNAPORE/SINGUR: A Congress plea to hold a rally in Singur on September 25 was turned down by the district administration on the pretext that Trinamool Congress holds a rally there every year on that day. Mamata Banerjee , while spearheading the anti land acquisition stir on that day in 2006, was arrested and Trinamool has been observing this day as a \"Black Day\" every year since 2007. Congress, which earlier held a rally in Singur on August 26, decided to hold one again on September 25. On Wednesday, the Chandannagore SDO turned down the request citing law and order issues.Abdul Mannan, state Congress spokesperson, alleged, \"TMC can hold a rally wherever they choose and our pleas are always turned down. The CM can hold a rally at busy Esplanade several times, yet our requests are rejected.\" Becharam Manna, TMC MLA, said, \"Everyone knows that we hold a protest meet every year this day at Singur. Did Congress, in all these years, ever think of holding such a meeting in Singur on September 25. Why now?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16498818", "title": "Scholarships for young talents", "text": "KOLKATA: Friends of Alumni, Colleges, Educational Institutes and Schools, better known as FACES, brightened up young lives by awarding scholarships to five meritorious school students from financially weaker sections of the society at their annual meet on Friday.The students - Danish Khurshid of Calcutta Boys' School, Shehnaz Ahmed of Mahadevi Birla Girls' Higher Secondary School, Ipshita Parija of St Stephen's School, Bowbazar, Genevieve Mukhiya of St Thomas Girls' School, Khidderpore and Aman Singh from Khalsa High School - were handed over the year-long scholarships by state education minister Bratya Basu.\"Our schools must do much more than only providing high class education to students.The state scholarships remained suspended for three years. But the moment we came to power, we released Rs 25 crore for the year 2011-2012 to 24,000 students across the state,\" Bratya said.The organisation also felicitated five personalities who worked for uplift of the underprivileged through education. They included social activist Farha Khan who conducts free spoken English classes for Urdu-speaking students in the areas adjoining Kolkata, Anindita Banerjee Tamta from Parivaar, Sayan Mukherjee of Future Hope India, Nizam Shamim of Education Coordination Committee and Brenden Mac Carthaigh of Serve.Faces - Friends of Alumni, Colleges, Educational Institutes and Schools brought smile on the face of many as on Friday several students who thought they will be unable to keep studying further, received a fresh lease of life. The organisation had taken it upon themselves to provide scholarships to five students from financially weaker section who would have been otherwise unable to sustain education.Faces have supported the five students - Danish Khurshid from Calcutta Boys School of class XII, Shehnaz Ahmed of Mahadevi Birla Girls' Higher Secondary School in class XII, Ipshita Parija of St Stephen's School in Bowbazar of class X, Genevieve Mukhiya of St Thomas Girls' School in Khidderpore and Aman Singh from Khalsa High School in class XI, with a year long scholarships. The children were overjoyed as they came up to collect the scholarships from education minister Bratya Basu who not only gave out the merit awards but also boost their confidence with his inspiring talk.Not only has the organisation handed over scholarships to the students but also felicitated with special awards to five personalities who have worked for the upliftment of education for the underprivilaged. The names include -social activist Farha Khan who conducts free spoken English classes for Urdu speaking students in the areas adjoining Kolkata, Anindita Banerjee Tamta from Parivaar, Sayan Mukherjee of Future Hope India, Nizam Shamim of Education Coordination Committee and Brenden Mac Carthaigh of Serve.The education minister Bratya Basu said, \"Our schools must do much more than only providing high class education to the students. After the state scholarships remaining suspended for three years the moment we came to power, for the year 2011-2012 we have already released Rs 25 crore as scholarships to 24,000 students across the state. The amount will only increase which will enable many students to nurture their dreams even if they come from a financially backward section.\"\"Our organisation joins hand with NGOs and others in the society to reach out to more people. We are not only involved in providing education but also do a lot of relief work and fight for causes,\" said vice president of FACES Satnam Singh Ahluwalia.Among those present on the occasion were FACES vice president Satnam Singh Ahluwalia, organization president Imran Zaki, general secretary of the organisation Jasjit Singh, Rajesh Arora and Rajendra Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16502060", "title": "Fill up all 150 vacant teachers' posts: audit panel", "text": "HUBLI: The Academic and Administrative Audit Committee of KUD has expressed its dissatisfaction over the obsolete teaching methodology and has recommended filling up of all 150 vacant teachers' posts on priority.According to sources, the 12-member committee which made a five-day assessment of quality education being imparted in all 44 departments in Karnatak University is unhappy with the poor quality research work in the arts faculty. It is, however, satisfied with the quality of research work in the science faculty.The committee which has submitted its final report to KUD has recommended the merger of those departments whose strength is just 10% of the prescribed strength with other departments, a committee member said. It has noticed less strength in sociology, history and philosophy.The other suggestion is that KUD should take immediate measures to restrict all departments from putting up photos of deities, religious leaders and heads of the departments in their respective departments. The committee took the university to task for allowing many departments to organize endowment lectures in the name of lesser known persons for making money and asked the university to restrict such functions and hold endowment lectures in the name of only veteran personalities, said sources.It is also said to have asked the university to bring out a handbook on Karnataka's geographical status and history and distribute it among degree students so that students can understand about Karnataka state. It also suggested to avoid creating separate departments on each subject like separate department for ancient history and modern history.MM Kalburgi, chairman of the committee, told TOI:\"We have already submitted a report to the university and hoping it would meet our expectations. We have suggested to the university to create a separate department for arts and commerce in KCD College with separate principals. To conduct endowment lecture, departments must seek the syndicate's permission.\"We had noticed that the syllabus of many departments had not been updated. We strongly recommended revising the syllabus to improve the quality of education. Our main concern is that there is huge shortage of teachers in both KUD and KCD. All teachers' posts should be filled up,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "16502104", "title": "Drunk man kills daughter", "text": "Sambalpur: A drunk man murdered his teenage daughter in the town's Barpali area on Thursday night.The accused, Ram Narayan Mirdha (48), struck his daughter, Kalpana's head with a wooden plank over sudden provocation. She was taken to VSS Medical College and Hospital in the night but died in the hospital during treatment.Ram Narayan is on the run since the incident, said IIC of Ainthapalli police station P K Patnaik. The body was sent for autopsy on Friday morning.Earlier on Thursday, Ram Narayan had celebrated Nuakhai with wife Raj Kumari and Kalpana. The problem started after he went out in the evening and returned home drunk. This resulted in an argument between the father and daughter and he attacked her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497366", "title": "Man nabbed for wife\u2019s murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police have arrested the husband of the pregnant woman who was gagged and strangled to death in Chhawla, southwest Delhi, on Thursday. The accused husband, Latif, had fallen in love with another woman and wanted to marry her. When the victim objected to his intentions, Latif planned to eliminate his wife, a police officer said.\"Latif's statements were contradictory and he finally confessed to having murdered his wife. He even tried to stage the murder as a robbery gone bad,\" said AK Ojha, addl CP southwest. Latif and Fatima had got married in 2006 but their marital life had run into troubled waters recently. Fatima had reportedly created a scene after Latif had confessed his intention of marrying another woman.Latif then decided to eliminate nine-month pregnant Fatima by strangling her in sleep. After suffocating his wife to death, Latif tied himself up and threw articles across his room to suggest that his wife was murdered by unknown people during a robbery attempt.However, Latif's father-in-law told police that he could be behind the incident as the couple had been having frequent arguments lately. Latif tried to mislead police initially, but he finally confessed his crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16498817", "title": "Farmers with land along streams lost almost all the crop", "text": "NAGPUR: Government officials say that Chandrapur has been luckier than other districts, as far as this year's farm crisis is concerned, since the main crop here is paddy. It did not suffer much damage due to excess rainfall. Cotton, soyabean and tur crops have been, however, affected to some extent.Most of the damage has been in Bhadrawati, Warora, Chandrapur, Rajura and Bramhapuri talukas. The reason is not excessive rainfall in these areas, but due to flooding of Irai, Wardha and Penganga rivers, which inundated farmland on the banks.Konda village of Bhadrawati taluka is a classic example. The village is divided into two localities - Juni Basti and Nai Basti. Juni Basti is close to a stream. When it rained heavily on September 5 and 6, farms belonging to residents of these villages were flooded and, in many cases, the entire crop was washed away. On the other hand, farms of Nai Basti residents are far from any stream, and are in good shape.Bala Matte, a resident of Juni Basti, suffered damage of Rs 2 lakh. He had planted soyabean on his 30 acre farm near the stream. His entire crop was washed away in the flood. \"The government will pay me compensation of Rs 20,000 at the most,\" he lamented.Matte told TOI that his farm was flooded in August due to heavy rainfall. \"The flood was caused by heavy rainfall but it did not cause much damage. However, the flooding in September was due to river jumping its banks and this destroyed the crop completely. My neighbour Rajeshwar Matte too had planted cotton in his 10 acre farm. It too was completely washed away in the flood.\"The situation is completely different in Nai Basti. Sunil Jiwtode has planted cotton and soyabean in 12 acres. He says that his crop is in good condition. \"There is no stream near my field, so my crop was not damaged. It suffered a pest attack, but the damage is limited.\"Sudip Satpute of Vijasan village found ways to minimize the damage due to excess rainfall. He created furrows and ridge pattern in his field. The crop was planted on an elevated ridge, while there are furrows to draining out excess water. \"If you take adequate precautions, there is not much damage,\" he stressed.\"I have sowed cotton in 35 acres. There was little damage due to excess rains because the water remained in the furrows and then drained out of my field. The cotton plants were not submerged under water. My plants have between 40 to 50 buds, whereas in other farms they have just started to mature. The furrow-ridge system does not need much expenditure. Now, other farmers of the area have also decided to try this method from next year,\" he said.Satpute is an enterprising farmer in other aspects too. He has sowed turmeric in 7.5 acre and earns lakhs every year, as this crop fetches high price. He started farming turmeric in 1998. Now, many farmers in Warora, Chandrapur, Bhadrawati and Hinganghat (Wardha district) talukas are growing this crop.Paddy farmers of the district say that their crop is in good condition. Waman Junghare, Laxmiram Yadav and other farmers of Datala village said that excess rainfall had only damaged their lady's finger and soyabean crops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16501567", "title": "Feasibility study on seaplane project ready", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Pawan Hans helicopter company, entrusted with the job of preparing the feasibility report for the sea plane project has completed its task. The government is working on the detailed project report so that it can be submitted for various clearances, said tourism minister, AP Anil Kumar.He said 58 interested parties had approached the Kerala government to undertake the seaplane project. \"We convened a separate session at the Emerging Kerala meet. Some of the people who attended were manufacturers. A lot more details need to be fleshed out,\" he said.While the government has said it will not restrict the entry of the number of operators, it has categorically stated that the market should decide the fare.When asked if there is a possibility of cartelization, tourism secretary, Suman Billa said: \"Cartelization is the exception to the rule. But economy has proved that wherever there is competition, the fares will come down.\" Though the government has said that the seaplane project will take off by February 2013, it looks like that the deadline will be missed as it will need clearances from various departments, such as port, forest etc.\"The chief secretary has been entrusted with the job of making it happen and coordinate with the various departments,\" said the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16498205", "title": "Doctor shot at in Sector 26", "text": "NOIDA: A 73-year-old retired doctor was shot at by two youths pretending to be patients at his residence. The victim, Bhanu Pratap Srivastava, is a retired chief medical superintendent of the Indian Railways.The police said that Srivastava lives with his wife in his Sector 26. He has three children, two sons who are abroad and a daughter who lives in Delhi. At 8pm on Thursday, two youths on bikes came to his residence and one said that he wasn't feeling well, said police. \"The youth who said that he wasn't well was wearing a mask. As soon as Srivastava checked his pulse, he shot him in the neck with a country-made pistol,\" said a police officer.A retired IG of police, who lives in the neighbourhood, called the cops and Srivastava was taken to a private hospital where he is currently being treated in the ICU. Police said the motive behind the crime may be personal enmity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16498202", "title": "7 arrested for Jhunjhunu rampage", "text": "JAIPUR: Seven men including three students were arrested on Friday a day after at least 16 people were injured when students protesting the removal of a school teacher went on the rampage in Jhunjhunu, setting ablaze two police motorcycles and a government officer's car.According to the police, the teacher, Ashok Kumar , his brother Prem Kumar, three students and two others villagers were booked for damaging public property, destroying police records and breaching peace.During the clash on Thursday, six policemen and 10 students were injured. An FIR has been registered against 150 students and the teacher has been taken into custody.\"We have deputed additional police force in the village looking to the tense situation on Friday,\" said a police officer.Meanwhile, the BJP's district unit held a protest meeting in the village saying that the teacher was transferred as his brother was affiliated to the party. BJP's district unit president Dr Dashrath Singh and Pilani MLA Sundar Lal announced that they along with their supporters will sit on a three-day fast in front of the SDM's office.The clash had taken place three days after the Hindi teacher Ashok Kumar, deputed at the local government senior secondary school, was told to wait for posting orders and was asked to report to the education directorate in Bikaner. Some villagers alleged he was transferred due to political rivalry as his brother had contested the panchayat elections and lost.EomJaipur: Seven men including three students were arrested on Friday a day after at least 16 people were injured when students protesting the removal of a schoolteacher went on the rampage in Jhunjhunu, setting ablaze two police motorcycles and a government officer's car.According to the police, the teacher, Ashok Kumar, his brother Prem Kumar, three students and two others villagers were booked for damaging public property, destroying police record and breaching peace.During the clash on Thursday in which students also damaged property and destroyed records at a police outpost in the area, six policemen and 10 students had been injured. An FIR has been registered against 150 students and the teacher has been taken into custody.\"We have deputed additional police force in the village as the situation remained a bit tense on Friday,\" said a police officer.Meanwhile, the BJP's district unit held a protest meeting in the village and said that the teacher was transferred as his brother is affiliated with the party. BJP's district unit president Dr Dashrath Singh and Pilani MLA Sundar Lal announced that they and their supporter will sit on a three-day fast in front of the SDM office.The clash had taken place three days after Hindi teacher Ashok Kumar, deputed at the local government senior secondary school, was told to await posting orders and was asked to report to the education directorate in Bikaner. Some villagers alleged he was removed due to political rivalry as his brother had fought the panchayat elections and lost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497725", "title": "Ministers drop travel plans amid rejig talk", "text": "NEW DELHI: With more vacancies opening after Trinamool Congress formally pulled out of the ruling coalition, the much-awaited reshuffle of the Union Council of Ministers appears to be around the corner.The reshuffle is expected to be part of the larger restructuring that will also extend to Congress party with indications that Rahul Gandhi may be elevated to a superior position in the build-up to his projection as Congress's spearhead in the 2014 elections.The issue was discussed by the Congress core group in the evening, but there was no clarity yet on the timing or specifics.Speculation about the imminent changes heightened after two senior ministers canceled their trips to the US. Highways minister C P Joshi and power minister Veerappa Moily were headed for the US to take part in two events aimed at attracting foreign investment in the infrastructure sector.Sources said Joshi cancelled his visit at the last minute, just hours before Trinamool Congress ministers tendered their resignations to the prime minister and increasing the chances of a Cabinet reshuffle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16497809", "title": "Mahi case: Probe indicts plot owner", "text": "GURGAON: The magisterial inquiry into four-year-old Mahi's death case was submitted to the district administration on Friday after a delay of over two months. Six people including plot owner Rohtas Tayal and Kasan village sarpanch Bimla Devi have been held responsible for the death of the girl who had fallen into a 68-foot-deep abandoned illegal borewell in front of her house on June 20 night while her birthday celebration was going on.The district administration has also deposited Rs 1lakh as compensation in fixed deposit in Mahi's sibling's account.Her family will get the interest on the amount annually. Neeraj Upadhyay, Mahi's father, said he was satisfied with the magisterial inquiry report.Additional deputy commissioner K M Pandurang, who was entrusted with the inquiry on June 21, submitted a 204-page report to deputy commissioner P C Meena.Pandurang said, \"The court will take cognizance of this report. Police will file the report along with the chargesheet at the next hearing.\"The next date of hearing is September 28.Plot owner Tayal, the main accused in the case, was recently let off on bail (September 11). He was arrested on July 7 on charges under Sections 188 and 336 of IPC.Among others who are indicted in the report are Surender Singh, caretaker of the house who used to collect rent; Surjeet, gram panchayat secretary; the owner of the boring and drilling machine for not having licence; and the ward member concerned of the gram panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16499528", "title": "Inspector lets go accused, suspended", "text": "MADURAI: An inspector of police was suspended for attempting to help a truck cleaner, who ran the vehicle over a 36-year-old man in Madurai.Madurai SP V Balakrishnan ordered suspension of Tirumangalam inspector Suba Kumar for letting the accused in the accident case and instead arrested another person.Police said that Easwaran (36), a serving army man had visited his native Sathankudi near Thirumangalam in August. When he was walking along Kuthiraisarikulam diversion road on the Tirumangalam - Madurai four lane highway on August 14, a truck, speeding towards Kappalur hit him fatally. The truck driver failed to stop the vehicle at the accident spot and sped away.Police registered a case and days later Suba Kumar arrested Ramkumar, a truck driver citing him as the accused. However, family members of Easwaran submitted a petition to Balakrishnan alleging that the inspector had let the culprit free and had arrested someone else. They alleged that Suba Kumar had received bribe to help the escape from the case.Balakrishnan ordered an inquiry into the allegations. Inquiry revealed that it was Ilayaraja, cleaner of the truck, who had driven the vehicle on the day causing the accident that killed Easwaran. However, Ilayaraja did not possess a valid driving licence and would have to face severe punishment for the offence than a person holding driving licence. It was the owner who instructed Ilayaraja to drive the vehicle as Ramkumar was on leave that day.Hence, Suba Kumar had arrested Ramkumar instead of Ilayaraja after allegedly receiving bribe from the truck owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16501013", "title": "Shruti Hassan denies rumours", "text": "Actress Shruti Hassan has denied the swirling rumors that she's doing an item number in mega power star Ram Charan's forthcoming action entertainer Nayak. Certain sections of media have reported that the lanky actress is doing a racy item song in the film but reacting to all those, Shruti has rubbished all those gossips saying it's just a rumour . The leggy actress took to social networking account to condemn all the stuff that's being written.\"Sorry tweeps just a rumor I'm not doing an item song in Telugu busy shooting non stop and looking forward to start the shoot of balupu\" (sic), Shruti posted on her micro blogging site.Shruti's next appearance in a Telugu film will be alongside 'massraja' Ravi Teja for an action film Balupu, to be directed by Gopichand Malineni, and the film will go on floors later this year. The actress is currently shooting for the Bollywood remake of Nuvvu Vasthanante Nenu Vaddhantana, sharing screen space with Girish Taurani. The film is directed by Prabhu Deva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16502188", "title": "Social leaders plead for Sabyasachi's surrender", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Nine prominent civil society members have jointly appealed to Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda to eschew violence and join the mainstream.They asked Panda to give a serious thought to their proposal and to make his view public at the earliest. \"Once you along with your cadres make up your mind to give up violence, we will take up with the government the cause of the downtrodden for which you have been fighting,\" the joint appeal said. The signatories, who included Gandhians and freedom fighters, are Annapurna Maharana, Sumitra Choudhury, Rabi Ray, Md Baji, Ratan Das, Bhabani Charan Patnaik, Krushna Mohanty, Bhagaban Prakash and Radhamohan.The civil society members described Panda as fighting for the interest of the poor \"selflessly\" and \"without compromise\" for years remaining in the inaccessible areas. \"We may have different views about the path you have chosen to continue this battle for the poor, but we have no doubt in our minds on your sincerity and feeling,\" the appeal stated. \"As a fighter endangering your lives you have made impact on many, but there are still many others who are fighting for the poor keeping themselves away from the path of violence. It is time we strengthened such a mass movement,\" it added.The appeal cited the examples of Marx, Mao and Gandhi and said their goals were same though the means they adopted were different. Citing the achievement of Gandhiji, they said a \"half-naked fakir could prove to be world's most powerful man as he succeeded in ousting the most powerful imperialistic government from India and that the path of non-violence he adopted to achieve his goal had influenced many world leaders like Martin Luther King , Nelson Mandela and Suki in neighbouring Myanmar \". They urged Sabyasachi to begin a \"second mass movement\" by following the ideals of Gandhi, Vinobha, Jayaprakash, Lohia and Ambedkar by giving up violence.The appeal coming just a few days after the recent massive security operations against Sabyasachi in the intractable forest areas of Ganjam, Gajapati and Kandhamal district is seen with significance, fuelling speculation about his possible surrender.Police sources said Panda at present has not more than 30 active cadres with him including 15-20 armed persons. He is currently facing the double threat to his life both from the rivals in his estranged party and security forces. With much of his strength reduced over the years, it is said Panda has been desperate to surrender, though he has time and again stated his mind to the contrary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16501473", "title": "Security cover puts off villagers", "text": "Bhopal: It was an undeclared curfew for over a dozen villages along the 45-km stretch between Bhopal and Sanchi on Friday. Passenger trains that had scheduled stoppage at Sanchi and intervening stations between Bhopal and Sanchi did not stop, buses and taxis were off roads while the shops and hotels were closed. The reason high security in the wake of the visit of Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa to lay the foundation of the Sanchi University for Buddhist and Indic Studies.The threat by Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (MDMK) leader Vaiko to show black flags and protest against Rajapaksa's visit weighed heavily on the minds of the state police. Amidst reports of Vaiko supporters sneaking in to the state capital and adjoining areas, an unprecedented security blanket was thrown all along from the state capital to the Buddhist centre at Sanchi.The villages were heavily barricaded and there was a strong police presence in the villages from Sukhi Sewania, on the city outskirts to the venue of the programme in Sanchi. The venue- a ground- was a little ahead of Sanchi. The villagers were stopped and were not allowed to come on the road. The villagers had a tough time. \"We have been detained in our own house\", they rued.\"I wanted to go to Bhopal on Friday but since vehicular movement, including buses and private vehicles have been stopped there is no other option but to stay back home as police are not allowing to come out on the road\", said a villager Ram Babu.Only those carrying passes of the function were allowed to move on the road. Police parties were deployed outside the villages, including Sukhi Sewania, Salamatpur, Deewanganj, Beerkhedi, Chopdakalan, Ratatalai between Bhopal and Sanchi.The officials said the security cover was thrown to stop MDMK supporters who were reportedly hiding in Bhopal and adjoining places.Public transport was suspended on the Bhopal-Sanchi road even a day before the function while on Friday the police did not even allow movement of private vehicles since wee hours of morning.However, the MDMK supporters continued to make efforts to reach Sanchi. The Raisen Superintendent of Police IP Kulshreshtha told TOI around a dozen of MDMK workers were detained during the checking drive carried out at various places on Friday. They have been sent to Bhopal, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16501663", "title": "A starry evening at Mirchi Music Awards", "text": "It was an unforgettable night when the stars of the southern film and music industries came together to honour outstanding work in music for the year 2011. All this happened at the Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Mirchi Music Awards South.The event, which was hosted by popular TV anchors Srujan Lokesh and Varsha, saw big names from Sandalwood like Yogaraj Bhat, Yash, Radhika Pandit, Pooja Gandhi, Hamsalekha, Manjula Gururaj, Sharmila Mandre and Kaviraj \u2014 as well as eminent personalities from other south Indian industries like Nagarajuna, Venkatesh, Dhanush, Khushboo and GV Prakash \u2014 being entertained by some scintillating performances by Sameera Reddy , Yogi, Ragini Dwivedi and Sadhu Kokila. There were also heartwarming musical renditions of evergreen hits across all four south Indian languages by popular singers from across south India such as Vijay Prakash , Priya Himesh, Haricharan and Benny Dayal.The highlight of the evening was when Usha Uthup brought the house down with her own interpretation of Why This Kolaveri Di ? , which had Dhanush jump onstage and shake a leg. Usha also presented the nominations in the Best Album category by singing out songs from blockbusters like Sanju Weds Geetha , Paramathma, Only Vishnuvardhana, Johnny Mera Naam Preethi Mera Kaam and Hudugru .Music in the air Mirchi Music Awards, South is India's first and only set of awards for film music given out in all four south Indian languages \u2014 Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and Malayalam \u2014 at a common platform. It is a set of excellence awards judged by an eminent jury from within the industry. The Kannada jury was chaired by Hamsalekha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "kochi/thiruvanthapuram", "code": "16499301", "title": "V S Achuthanandan \u2018defends\u2019 mineral sand mining", "text": "KOCHI/THIRUVANTHAPURAM: In a move that has shocked his followers and puzzled his party colleagues, CPM veteran V S Achuthanandan showered praise on Cochin Minerals and Rutiles Limited which has got interests in mineral sand mining.VS's utterances came at a function convened to felicitate Sarath S Kartha - son of SN Sasidharan Kartha who owns the company - who got elected to the Cusat senate. CMRL has been branded a major pollutant by environmentalists and there is a CBI inquiry going on against the company in the IRE corruption case.Sources said VS chose to attend the function ignoring his advisors. \"There is a growing trend of criticising large industries citing environmental reasons. In fact, the industries should be allowed to function with a proper pollution control mechanism,\" VS told the meeting . In an apparent dig at 'green' activists, he termed them 'fake environmentalists'.In his previous tenure as opposition leader, VS had come out against Kartha's move to launch mineral sand mining in the state. The softening of VS's stand towards Kartha was noticed promptly by works minister VK Ebrahim Kunju who shared the dais. Kunju indirectly requested VS to initiate an effort for evolving a consensus on mineral sand mining.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16500204", "title": "Saudi government to hire doctors in India", "text": "CHENNAI: A delegation from Saudi Arabia's ministry of health will visit India to recruit doctors , both consultants and specialists , of various specialities , from anaesthesia and endocrinology to nephrology , general medicine and paediatrics , apart from physicians of various other areasof expertise . Interviews will be held on September 24 and 25 in New Delhi, on September 27 and 28 in Bangalore and on September 30 and October 1 in Mumbai .The ministry willoffer doctorswithexperience attractive salaries , apart from special allowances , family visa , free travel and accommodation . Doctors with minimum experience of two years with MD/MS /MCH up to 55 years of agefor consultants andspecialists and 45 years for resident doctors with MBBS and experience may send updated resumes , copies of certificates , experience and passports along with ID-size photographs against a white background to omcresum @gmail .com immediately . Further details may be had from www.omcmanpower .com or by calling 04424464267 or 24464268", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497363", "title": "Vivek Vihar heist: Two robbers held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two robbers have been nabbed from Meerut and with their arrest cops have solved the Vivek Vihar heist that took place a month ago. Four petrol pump employees, including a local councillor's brother, were shot at and Rs 60 lakh were robbed. A police team has left for Meerut to arrest the mastermind and a reward of Rs 1 lakh has been announced on his arrest.\"Cops have recovered Rs 12.25 lakh cash, two motorcycles, jewellary worth Rs 2.5 lakh purchased from the loot, a pistol and two live cartridges from the accused, Aakil (25) and Wasim (24),\" said Ajay Chaudhry, addl CP, southeast. Commissioner of police also congratulated the team.\"SHO Badarpur, Akhilesh Yadav , had received a tip-off about one Aakil coming to Badarpur on September 18. He was nabbed and on his instance, Wasim was also arrested,\" Chaudhry said.During interrogation, Aakil told police that Kamaluddin was the mastermind and he had asked him to help Aamir, Wasim, Dhoom Singh and Rashid in the heist. The accused came to the city and did a reccee of the spot for two days before the final attack.Aamir had informed Aakil and Wasim that he had a plan of looting a petrol pump. Aakil, Aamir and Wasim then came to Sunder Nagari and stayed at Dhoom Singh's house and planned the heist. On August 9, they accompanied Singh for the reccee of the route on which the staff would carry cash to the bank. In two days, they had arranged for two motor cycles and pistols, Aakil added .On August 11, Chaudhry said, Vinod, Jagmohan, Punit Bansal and Jitender left for the bank in an Alto with the collection of three petrol pumps. When they reached ITI under pass, the accused came on a motorcycle and overtook their car, forcing them to stop. The bikers even opened fire.Bansal and Jitender tried to run with the cash but the accused chased and shot at them, Chaudhry said. In the commotion, Bansal was hit by a bullet on his shoulder, Jagmohan got hit on his left shoulder and Kumar sustained a bullet injury on his chest. The accused then fled the spot, leaving behind a bike. They distributed the booty among themselves and parted ways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16497810", "title": "Three held for cheating online shoppers through fake website", "text": "NOIDA: Police have warned online shoppers of first checking the bona fides of the websites they purchase goods from lest they get cheated. Noida police have identified over 50 websites that have cheated people after the arrest of three people in their early 20s from Sector 62. The accused reportedly cheated online shoppers from various parts of the country in the name of selling imported mobile phones.Police said the accused are former call centre employees. The five member gang had been operating the fake online mobile selling website they had started three months ago. \"The gang had started the website orderoncall.com and gave attractive discounts on expensive smartphones. We got a complaint from a resident, Shivam, who paid Rs 75,000 to buy a smartphone. He ordered the phone on the number provided on the website and was issued a fake invoice. After the money was transferred, he could not contact them,\" said Triveni Singh, head of cyber crime cell.The arrested have been identified as Gurjeet Singh, Harjeet Singh and Indeep Singh. They worked in a Gurgaon-based call centre and had also opened a tattoo shop in Lakshmi Nagar in east Delhi. Police claim two gang members are still absconding, one identified as Sumit Lalwani.The accused have duped buyers from Tripura, Rohtak, Karnataka and Mumbai. According to police, the gang has been able to amass a sum of Rs 10 lakh. During investigation, police found the website hosted on an Australian server.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16502530", "title": "BPF seeks own police force to maintain law and order in BTC", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Bodoland People's Front (BPF), which rules the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC), has sought approval from the ministry of home affairs to raise a separate police force and commissionerate to handle internal security in Bodoland Territorial Area Districts (BTAD), which has been rocked by a series of ethnic clashes.The BPF, which is an ally of the UPA, also raised the separate state demand in a veiled way by demanding immediate transfer of law and order, police and political department from the state government \"to BTC forthwith until a new political set up under the provision of Articles 2 and 3 of the Constitution comes into being.\" The demands were submitted to Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde by BPF's lone member in Lok Sabha , SK Bwiswmuthiary, in New Delhi on Friday.According to the memorandum of settlement on BTC autonomous set up under the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution that was signed in 2003, law and order would not be transferred to the council but would remain with the state government.In the memorandum, the BPF has demanded that the Centre should allow the BTC administration to raise an independent police force for Bodoland areas like Bodoland Police and Bodoland Territorial Police Battalions having a strength of around 1,00000 personnel with immediate effect to maintain law and order in BTAD.\"The Centre should direct the state government to set up a separate police commissionership for BTAD with immediate effect so as to act upon law and order and internal security related matters independent of the DGP of Assam. The Centre should take necessary steps to raise a separate 'Bodo Regiment' having a strength of around 1,00000 personnel comprising unemployed Bodo Youths in Indian Army on the line of the 'Naga Regiment' raised a past few years ago.\"The BPF charter of demands also includes taking up rehabilitation process of displaced families only \"when total normalcy and congenial atmosphere is restored.\"The BPF, which is also a partner of the Congress in the state government, accused the state government of not doing anything tangible despite issuing directives from time to time to the deputy commissioners of the respective districts to evict out illegal encroachers from the tribal belts and blocks over the last 60 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16496900", "title": "\u2018State spending less on construction workers\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: In spite of having a booming realty sector, the state hardly spends on the welfare of the construction workers, said Union labour minister Mallikarjun Kharge here on Friday.Addressing a two-day national workshop on 'Implementation of the Building &amp; Other Construction Workers' Act here on Friday, the minister said that around 11.64 lakh workers were registered with the AP Building and other Construction Workers Welfare Board. \"The board has till date collected a cess of Rs 625 crore from builders to be spent on the welfare of the construction workers. However, it has spent only Rs 34.73 crore,\" Kharge said.In contrast, the Kerala government spent Rs 453 crore of Rs 546 crore it collected as building cess for the welfare of 17.45 lakh registered construction workers, he said.Till June, only 88.10 lakh construction workers have been registered against the total strength of 4.46 crore workers in the country. The total collection of cess with the welfare board is 7,057 crore of which only Rs 1,000 crore has been spent. As of now, 34 states/Union Territories have notified rules under the Act, 33 have constituted welfare boards.Though the Centre is implementing various Acts for the construction workers welfare, there is still a need for a comprehensive central legislation for the workers category, said the minister. \"The state governments and welfare boards which are lagging behind in implementing the Acts should take this opportunity to learn from the experiences of states like Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Madhya Pradesh who have been doing well. I must confess that in the context of the implementation of Acts, a lot needs to be done by the states,\" said the Minister.He also said that the Union labour ministry would soon bring in a legislation in Parliament for the welfare of domestic workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16502009", "title": "City hostels under scanner", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With no law in place to regulate functioning of hostels in the city, conversion of houses into hostels is taking a toll on the sanitation and security of different wards. The murder of an elderly woman and brutal attack on her husband in Acharya Vihar on September 13 by some boarders is a case in point.Corporators have demanded that the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) and police should make it mandatory for landlords to register their establishments with them. \"Hostels affect sanitation as these overcrowded houses do not have waste disposal systems. Boarders dispose waste on roads. The hostels should register with police and BMC for better regulation,\" said Sheikh Nizamuddin, chairman of BMC's standing committee on public health, electric supply, water supply, drainage and environment. \"We will raise the issue in our next council meeting,\" Nizamuddin said.Neither the police nor the civic body has any information as to how many hostels exist in the city. \"Houses in residential areas have been converted into hostels for commercial purposes. Instead of paying tax towards different heads for domestic purpose, the landlords should pay commercial tax for heavy consumption of various utility services,\" opined Manoranjan Swain, corporator of Satya Nagar (ward no 38) that has a sizeable number of hostels.Since Bhubaneswar has emerged as an educational hub after establishment of uncountable number of educational institutions, landlords are raking in the mullah by converting their houses into hostels, leading to an acute shortage of accommodation for families in the city. \"Since the landlords are cashing in on more money from students, they do not prefer to give their houses on rent to families,\" said Sudhansu Maharana, a citizen.Concerned over the involvement of a number of students in major crimes in Bhubaneswar, the residents here have stressed the need for constant vigilance on hostels, boarding houses and messes. Apprehending that the students at these accommodations might be chalking out strategies to commit crimes, the locals urged the city police to maintain a database of those inmates with the help of the hostel runners.\"The Acharya Vihar murder is an eye-opener. One cannot rule out the possibility of crime plans being hatched in private hostels and messes. Such accommodation centres are more vulnerable to crimes,\" said Siddharth Das, president of Acharya Vihar Parishad, a resident welfare association.\"Threat perception is more at those places where boys and girls reside in hostels in a close proximity. The inmates often create unpalatable situations for neighbours. Close surveillance on those students is the need of the hour. This will instill a sense of fear in the minds of errant students,\" Das said.More than 20 students, including engineering and MBA graduates were arrested by the commissionerate police in several crimes in the past two years. Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh said the police would certainly try to keep a tab on students residing in hostels. \"It is a daunting task, no doubt. But we will try to do whatever is possible by us,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16498753", "title": "Narayanan steals Rishi's thunder", "text": "NAGPUR: With just four rounds to go in the 38th National Sub-Junior U-15 Chess Championship the fancied players are rising to the top.A day after unseeded Rishi Sardana held the top spot, seed No. 4 Kerala's SL Narayanan - member of the World U-16 Olympiad team that won the bronze medal in Istanbul - toppled the leader to sit on top of the table after the 7th round at the Naivedhyam Celebrations Centre on Friday.With 6 points Narayanan has half a point advantage and is being closely followed by 10 others with 5.5 points.On the top board, Narayanan, playing whites, started with the Queens Pawn opening while Rishi declined the Queens Gambit and converted the game into Slav defence. Rishi lost a pawn in the 23rd move after posting two bishops actively in the mid-game. Narayanan capitalized on Rishi's error to emerge victorious in 45 moves.On the second board it was a fight between two attacking masters, Gireman Ja of Tamil Nadu and top seed Bengal's Diptayan Ghosh, who locked themselves in a perpetual check position which naturally headed towards a draw and both signed the peace treaty in 44 moves. Playing on the white side Gireman made his intentions clear with a Kings Pawn opening move while Diptayan opted for the game of Scotch Gambit.Second seed Shardul Gagare of Maharashtra was forced to split the points by world U-12 champion Murali Karthikeyan of Tamil Nadu. Shardul started with the English opening and with an Open Catalan variation the game became complicated as the defensive approach of both players led to a 46-move draw.A fast track result was witnessed on the 4th board. Aravindh Chithambaram held the Guico Pianno game of third seed Sayantan Das to a 20-move draw.In an upset, Bihar's Kumar Gaurav, playing with the black pieces, stunned higher ranked Pranav Vijay after the marathon 56-move battle.After Narayanan, top seed Diptayan, Rishi, Shardul, Aravindh, Sayantan, Murali, B Kumaran, NR Vignesh, Gireman and Kumar Gaurav are the others who are tied for the second spot with 5.5 points.RESULTS (Round 7): SL Narayanan (6) bt Rishi Sardana (5.5), Gireman J (5.5) drew with Diptayan Ghosh (5.5), Shardul Gagare (5.5) drew with Murali Karthikeyan (5.5), Aravindh Chithambaram (5.5) drew with Sayantan Das (5.5), Sidhant Mohapatra (5) drew with B Kumaran (5.5), Chirag Satkar (4.5) lost to NR Vignesh (5.5), Pranav Vijay (4.5) lost to Kumar Gaurav (5.5), Praneeth Surya (5) bt Yogit S (4), Md Nubairshah Shaikh (4.5) drew with Lakshmi Krishna Bhushan (4.5), NR Visakh (5) bt Harshal Shahi (4).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16498238", "title": "Producer accuses MNS men of opening fire over dispute", "text": "MUMBAI: A film producer has accused MNS's film wing members of firing in the air and threatening him at Juhu on Friday. A case of extortion, with charges under the Arms Act, has been registered against the party supporters.Cops said the accused had threatened the complainant on behalf of a writer. The writer has denied the allegation and said the producer was misleading the police. Cops said the alleged attackers were pressuring the complainant, Bhoop Yadhuvanshi, to settle a dispute with writer Akshyaditya Lama. Yadhuvanshi had produced a small-budget film with three partners and had had a dispute with them.He also allegedly had a dispute with Lama and the latter had filed a case of cheating, forgery and criminal breach of trust against him, cops added. Police said that on Friday, seven MNS supporters approached Yadhuvanshi at Juhu, threatened him and smashed the windshield of his vehicle. Yadhuvanshi claimed he had heard a gunshot, but there were no eye-witnesses. Cops have called ballistics experts to confirm the firing.Lama said, \"A court had issued orders in my favour and I have never approached any extra-constitutional authority for help.\" MNS film wing chief Amey Khopkar said, \"The party has nothing to do with the issue and if any party worker is involved in it, it is in his personal capacity. No one has approached us to help them in the dispute.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16502162", "title": "Students display talent at Times Fresh Face auditions", "text": "Students on Bangalore campuses are bursting with talent, and that was more than apparent at the Clean &amp; Clear Bangalore Times Fresh Face 2012 auditions at SBM Jain College, Jayanagar. The participants made a beeline for the registration counter, while the judges \u2014 actor Shubha Punja and RJ Vicky \u2014 waited for the enthusiastic crowd to settle down. It was an exuberant and confident lot that took the stage at this college.Fashion seemed to be the theme of the day, as several boys and girls strutted their stuff on the ramp. Displaying one talent didn't seem to be enough as several students made their performances a double dhamaka with a dose of naach-gaana, along with their catwalk act. Ankit Sagar enthralled the crowd by doing rap Eminem style, while Pooja C got the audience's attention with her graceful moves.With over 60 participants displaying a plethora of talent, it was the Q&A; round that helped the finalists clinch the title. Nakul Sunil's distinctive jig and his confident act of asking a fellow classmate out on a date in the form of a dance, and Crystal Clement's vibrant dance moves got them the winning positions. Viddatra Balaji's beatboxing and Nidhi Prakash's soulful singing helped them earn the title of first runners-up. Aman Saini, walked the ramp with style and broke into a jig, and Kruthi Nagaraj did a flawless rendition of an English number, and were adjudged the second runners-up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16498642", "title": "PSI robbed of Rs 1.86 lakh", "text": "NAGPUR: A police sub-inspector and his wife fell victim to tricksters, who made away with gold valuables worth Rs 1.86 lakh used for the Goddess Mahalaxmi idols.Rajendra Jachak and his wife were passing via Katol Road when two youths distracted their attention and fled with the ornaments from the car on Friday afternoon. Jachak is posted at Khaparkheda police station.Jachak, a resident of Dubey Nagar in Hudkeshwar, was heading to his father's home at Kalmeshwar for Mahalaxmi festival. Police said he was carrying the valuables, including his wife's gold necklace, in his car for the festivities.On the way, the couple had stopped to buy a few things for Mahalaxmi Puja. They parked the car right in front of the shop. When they returned, two youths on a bike said their car was leaking oil. When Jachak and his wife went to check the leakage, the youths fled with the bag of valuables kept on the driver's seat. Besides ornaments, the bag also had cash Rs 3,000 and a cell phone.Jachak interrogated nearby people about the youths, but could not get any clue. He immediately alerted Gittikhadan police and filed a police complaint. Police are searching for the tricksters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16498279", "title": "E-account hacked, doctor arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: A 33-year-old doctor from Odisha was arrested by the cyber police for allegedly hacking into an e-account of a senior manager of an engineering firm and siphoning off Rs 2.20 lakh.Babina Bikari Diyani, a native of Dhekanal in Odisha, was arrested on Thursday and was booked for cheating, forgery and under Information Technology Act. According to the police, the complaint was filed by a senior manager of an engineering firm who alleged that somebody hacked into his account and through electronic fund transfer, siphoned Rs 3.96 lakh off.During the probe, it was learnt that out of Rs 3.96 lakh, arrested accused Diyani had received Rs 2.20 lakh in his SBI account. With the help of SBI, Diyani was traced. Police are looking for two more persons in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16498472", "title": "PCMC puts tree plantation info online", "text": "PUNE: The garden department of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has posted information about its tree plantation efforts, such as the location, number and type of trees planted, etc, on the corporation's website.Suresh Salunke, chief garden superintendent, said that citizens can complain to the garden department about missing tress, or tree felling. The contact numbers of officials and employees are given on the website, he said.\"The department has planted 65,340 saplings during this monsoon. We planted three-year-old saplings of indigenous species which have a survival rate of more than 90%. Saplings of banyan, peepal, tamarind, neem and acacia have been planted,\" Salunke said.The civic body had set a target of planting 9,019 saplings in each zone. The garden department has surpassed this target by planting over 10,000 trees in each of the four zones.The civic body has also decided to plant 1.5 lakh saplings on defence land from next year. The saplings will be maintained for two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16498883", "title": "Their Dubai dream crashes at Ahmedabad airport", "text": "AHMEDABAD: They had packed all the excitement and donned their travel shoes to take their first ever foreign tour to Dubai. However, dreams of this group of 42 senior citizens crashed when they reached Ahmedabad international airport on Thursday night. The airlines officials told them there are no bookings in their names.The senior citizens, most of whom were carrying a list of places they will see in Dubai and items they will shop, got in arguments with the travel agent accompanying them at the airport but gave up soon and returned back home.The group had members of a senior citizens' club in Maninagar which had booked their four-day Dubai tour two months ago through city-based Gopi Krishna travels for Rs 33,525 per person. The promoter of the travel agency, Natwarlal Mistry had hired services of an airline ticketing company Passworld Travels to do a group booking for September 20 in FlyDubai. Mistry paid the ticketing company 25 per cent of the total fare a month back but failed to pay the rest amount.\"The ticketing company officials weren't picking up phone and assuming that the tickets would have been booked, we left for the airport,\" said Mistry. However, the senior citizens and Passworld Travels officials have levelled charges against Mistry for trying to dupe them and even approached Isanpur police officials for help.\"Mistry gave 25 per cent of the total Rs 7.77 lakh fare for 42 people which I paid to the airlines. But later despite our repeated follow up he didn't pay the remaining amount so the group booking was cancelled by the airlines,\" said Premlata Dham, proprietor of Passworld Travels. She alleged that Mistry wanted her to pay the remaining amount which he would have never given back after the trip is made.FlyDubai officials said they waited for long for the agent to pay up the remaining amount but they never turned up. The senior citizens approached Isanpur police on Friday evening. Mistry has returned money to seven members of the group and promised to pay up the rest soon in front of police officials. The senior citizens, many in their late 70's or early 80's, have decided not lodge a complaint if Mistry pays them back.\"A few months ago, we all felt that we are missing on life and should at least make one foreign tour. Many of us used their savings, others took money from their children and paid to the travel agent only to return home from airport,\" said Chiman Patel, president of the senior citizens club\"I and my wife were all excited for the tour. The agent told that we will visit the tallest building of world in Dubai and even go for desert safari. Returning back from the airport was my life's biggest disappointment,\" added Kirit Patel, a member of the group.\"I work with Railways and all fellow staffers and friends knew about my Dubai tour. For the last one month, I had been planning about things I will do in Dubai. I used all my savings to take the trip as I wanted to take a foreign tour once in life,\" Urvashiben Patel, 60, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16501521", "title": "400 MDMK supporters freed", "text": "Bhopal: Around 400 MDMK supporters who were detained at a lodge close to Apsara talkies for the past two days were freed on Friday evening. The police said they the supporters of Vaiko were free and that they were not arrested.The MDMK supporters wanted to hold a protest but since they did not had the permission, they were asked to stage their protest inside the lodge, the police said.However, infuriated over this, the MDMK activists burnt effigy of Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa , raised slogans and climbed on the roof to protest against him. The corridor of the lodge and balconies were converted into a protest site.The protestors also lambasted the Madhya Pradesh government for not allowing them to hold \"democratic protest\". We just wanted to show black flags to Sri Lankan President but the police and the state government stopped us from exercising our fundamental rights, they added.\"The MDMK supporters who were rounded up from different locations in Bhopal and Raisen and brought to the Agrawal lodge here are free to move out now. A number of them have already left while the remaining 100-150 members too would leave as per their convenience\", said a police official.MDMK activists burnt effigy of Rajapaksa, raised slogans and climbed on the roof to protest against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16497284", "title": "Metro work to affect traffic on Ring Road", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come 2013 and travelling on Ring Road is going to become a nightmare. Work on Delhi Metro's Phase III \u2014 especially the Mukundpur to Shiv Vihar corridor \u2014 is expected to kick off within the next six months. Metro stations that will come up along Ring Road include Punjabi Bagh, Rajouri Garden, Maya Puri, Naraina Vihar, Delhi Cantt, Dhaula Kuan, Moti Bagh, Bhikaji Cama Place, Sarojini Nagar, INA, South Extension, Lajpat Nagar, Srinivaspuri, Ashram and Hazrat Nizamuddin. Many of them will be underground stations.\"Work on line 7 (Mukundpur-Shiv Vihar) will begin in another six months. Since the construction is along Ring Road, most of the stations will have some traffic diversions in place,\" said Jitender Tyagi, director (works). For instance, at South Extension, part of the existing carriageway will be closed for traffic, and vehicles will be diverted to the service lane. At Punjabi Bagh, elaborate traffic curbs are likely to be put in place in phases. While traffic cops have no data on the volume of traffic along the entire Ring Road, around 1.10 lakh vehicles ply on the South Extension stretch in a 16-hour period per day.DMRC has hired several consultants for traffic management. \"The idea is to formulate a comprehensive plan, so that alterations in one station area don't impact the next location on Ring Road,\" said Tyagi. The consultants have been working in tandem with the chief project managers of the corridor. That's not all. \"All plans have to ensure that there is no reduction in the dimensions of the existing carriageway. In South Ex, we have diverted traffic but shifted the carriageway to include the service lane so that 21m of the road is still available to vehicles,\" said Tyagi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16502100", "title": "Siddharth eyes another bilingual", "text": "Albeit, he's working on the untitled romantic drama directed by Nandini Reddy, actor Siddharth plans to start his next venture in November. Sources say that the actor, who has just returned from Toronto where his international film Midnight's Children was premiered, is evincing interest in another bilingual rom-com, which might be directed by Ram Subramanian.Siddharth's previous film 'Love Failure' brought him the much needed success and the actor is now looking to cash in on the same genre. The search for the female lead is on. An official announcement on this awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16499406", "title": "Is Akhilesh letting down trusted friends?", "text": "LUCKNOW: Six months have passed since the Samajwadi Party government was sworn to power and chief minister Akhilesh Yadav is facing another uncomfortable question: what to do for the trusted comrades, who helped him script what was seen as the Samajwadi Party's most spectacular success in the assembly elections?For months, rumour mills were rife that at least a few familiar faces among Akhilesh's 'core team' would be entrusted with significant tasks-some in the state cabinet, once it was expanded, others as heads of various statutory boards and commissions. Six months on, Akhilesh has only continued to maintain the stoic stance: \"trusted SP soldiers who backed the party during the elections will be given their due.''Though most among the SP's youth brigade-the one that backed Akhilesh-insist they are not in it for pecuniary gains or for a boost to their status, the government's decision to exclude the trusted men to accommodate political \"recommendations''-from Imam Syed Ahmed Bukhari to appoint his relative Waseem Ahmed Khan as chairman, Pollution Control Board, and Natwal Goel, as Vice-Chairman of Khadi and Village Industries Board-has raised a few hackles. More recently, the party also appointed Ashu Malik, another new face, to head the Yuva Kalyan Parishad on recommendations made by PWD minister Azam Khan .The original key team, though, has still been kept in waiting for its dream run. Here is a look at some:Anand Bhadauria. The Thakur face in Akhilesh's team, Bhadauria's photo was splashed across newspapers in April 2009 showing a senior police officer pinning him down with a boot. A constant companion since Akhilesh was formally inducted into the party ranks, Bhadauria has been a part of the Samajwadi brigade from his student days at Lucknow University. As national president of SP's youth wing, Lohia Vahini, Bhadauria prepared confidential reports of seats and candidates, his recommendation to Akhilesh leading, in some places, to changes in nominations. Currently in charge of building the organisation ahead of the Lok Sabha elections, there was word Bhadauria would be given role as minister of state in Akhilesh's cabinet. Though it never materialised, Bhadauria is now understood to be preparing to contest the Lok Sabha elections from his home constituency Dhaurahra in Lakhimpur Kheri, opposite Congress' Jitin Prasada.Sunil Yadav. A trusted Akhilesh man, the 30-year-old is currently keeping Bhadauria company in getting the youth in the state to back Akhilesh and father Mulayam Singh Yadav ahead of the parliamentary elections. National president of the Samajwadi Chhatra Sabha, Sunil's association with the party dates back to 1999 when he contested the first students' union election. Though he was offered a ticket in the 2012 assembly elections from Lucknow's Sarojini Nagar, he turned it down apparently in order to build the party's strength at the grassroots level. A regular at all party events, the young leader may have been denied a cabinet berth, but he is now preparing for a bigger role. A native of Unnao district, Sunil is also preparing to contest the Lok Sabha elections against Congress' Annu Tandon.Nafees Ahmed. A relative newbie to the core team compared to Yadav and Bhadauria, Ahmed is the team's Muslim face. Former president of the Aligarh Muslim University Students' Union, Nafees, some say, was also approached by the Congress to join Team Rahul. The state president of the Samajwadi Yuvajan Sabha, he was entrusted the task of consolidating the Muslim youth base for the Samajwadi Party ahead of the 2012 assembly polls. Though Ahmed, like others, has been kept outside the ambit of the government, he has been put in charge of awareness campaigns in student unions at universities across the state.Jagat Singh. The Thakur from Pithoragarh who keeps a low profile and avoids publicity has been a trusted name in the Yadav camp for over 15 years. Though Singh was responsible for Akhilesh's security and his personal needs, the CM's close ally continues to be a trusted resource even if he's been assigned no formal role in the government.Vijay Chauhan. Having played no organisational role within the Samajwadi Party, both Singh and Chauhan are easy to miss in the crowd of stalwart SP workers. Chauhan continues to be the party's IT face, involved primarily, in modernising the party's information system. Still handling the party's website and its social networking sites, Chauhan is rarely seen socially.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16498905", "title": "Playing with Chiaroscuro", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sometimes attracted by a face bathed in soft sunlight, and at times by those completely hidden among shadows, Sonali Dalal finds beauty in places least expected. A recently turned photography enthusiast, Dalal's exhibition 'Chiaroscuro' at Hutheesing Visual Art Centre captures the abstract and candid in monochromatic frames.\"Usually photographers like to capture the various moods of India in their multitude of colours. Others focus their lens on the widespread poverty that often makes for extremely moving pictures. While all that is no doubt beautiful, I wanted to bring out beauty that is no so obvious or apparent,\" said Dalal.Capturing pictures mostly in and around Ahmedabad, Dalal's collection also features glimpses of Japan and Kutch. She has used the play of Chiaro (light) and Scuro (shade) in a way that brings to life what might otherwise seem dead.All photographs are without a title, allowing viewers to weave their own stories and spot for themselves what they find most striking.A dinner table at a restaurant in Japan is surrounded by darkness, leaving the diners in the shadows, yet flooding the glassware on the table with light that enhances its transparency. The only 'human' element in focus is the hand of an expressive designer deep in conversation.Many of Dalal's photographs show long stairways or passages engulfed in blackness, with a tiny doorway at the end, bathed in sunlight. A particular photograph shows a girl in the process of shifting her sitting position, and while most of her form is hidden in dimness, the only part of her in the light is the 'churis' of her 'churidaar'.\"What strikes me most while clicking a photograph is the light falling on a subject and the way shadows are created around it, adding to its charm. I live for candid shots, andMore than camera techniques, I want my vision to be challenged,\" said Dalal who is the managing director of a city-based export house.Chiaroscuro is on display till September 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16498661", "title": "Jairam tweaks Vidarbha visit", "text": "NAGPUR: Could Naxalite violence be confronted with the Gandhian weapon of non-violence? On Sunday, around 25 peace activists and social leaders would descend on Sewagram to ponder on this aspect when they deliberate on the issue of Naxal problem in India. The daylong deliberation has been organized at Nai Taleem premises adjacent to Bapu Asharam by Sarva Sewa Sangh, a Gandhian organization. Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh will be present for the event.Fast changing political developments in New Delhi have apparently caused some changes in Ramesh's previously announced two-day tour of Vidarbha. He was earlier to come on Saturday and start the tour with a visit to Gadchiroli, a Naxal hot spot in the region.Little over a year ago, he had launched the policy to grant tribals' rights over bamboo in forests at Lekha Mendha and had reportedly expressed his anguish over fresh hurdles being created over implementation of the scheme.But with the possibility of a Cabinet reshuffle and his name being considered for the railway ministry after pull out of TMC from the UPA government, Ramesh has tweaked his Vidarbha visit .He dropped the Gadhciroli visit and will be arriving for one-day visit to Sewagram on Sunday. Reaching here around 7am, he will proceed by road there in time for the Naxal seminar starting at 10am. He will return to Nagpur and fly back to Delhi by the night flight.According to Wardha district collector Jaishree Bhoj, Ramesh was scheduled to visit Sewagram again on October 3 to launch Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan, a national campaign to promote cleanliness and hygiene in villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16499575", "title": "HC permits admission of students to Alagiri's college", "text": "MADURAI: Union chemicals and fertilisers minister M K Alagiri's family-owned engineering college has won a long drawn legal battle in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court to admit students, on Friday.A single judge of the Madurai high court bench Justice Vinod Kumar Sharma gave the orders permitting enrolment of students after the college submitted that all the shortcomings cited by Anna University have been fulfilled.Dhaya College of Engineering built by M K Alagiri Educational Trust in Sivakarakottai near Thirumangalam geared up for student enrolment in the year 2011 - 12 itself as All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), the governing body, had approved it.Though the college had obtained the AICTE approval on May 10 this year, the Anna University refused affiliation citing three shortcomings. First, the college canteen was found too close to the classrooms. Second, the library was found to house 179 books less than what had been claimed by the management and third, the number of college buses was less than required.Despite AICTE approval for admission of students for the academic year 2011-2012, admissions could not be done for 300 seats in five engineering branches due to the 'adamant attitude' of the university. Following a complaint from the university on August 30, 2011, the AICTE inspected the premises on April 17 this year, received explanation from the college on May 2 and granted approval for student admission on May 10.But Anna University, the affiliating body, refused to entertain the plea for affiliation and stalled the admission process. Subsequently, the college approached the high court bench. Justice K Venkataraman refused to entertain the case on the ground that it would not be possible to order affiliation to the college without an inspection proposed to be conducted by Anna University to verify whether the institution had rectified three defects.Subsequently, Dhaya College of Engineering filed a writ appeal challenging the dismissal of a writ petition through seeking permission to participate in the government counselling for engineering admissions this year in five streams - civil, mechanical, electrical and electronics, electronics and communication and computer science engineering.The petitioner alleged that the Anna University was intentionally denying affiliation to the college for the political reason that the trustees belonged to DMK and the founder trustee M K Alagiri happened to be the Union minister.Veera Kathiravan argued that the college had fulfilled all the norms and had set right the three deficiencies pointed out by Anna University. He also submitted documents to support the claim, following which the court gave the go ahead for admission process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-22"}
