{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13461666", "title": "Report: Give state say in governor\u2019s selection", "text": "NEW DELHI: Though the Centre's interlocutors - journalist Dilip Padgaonkar, academic Radha Kumar and former information commissioner M M Ansari - said J&K; was a \"constituent unit of the Indian Union\", BJP promptly rejected the recommendations on Article 370 and central laws as a dilution of J&K;'s accession to India.Padgaonkar said, \"We are not inventing something. Under Article 371, there are several states which have been designated as special category states. We have just said that you remove the word temporary and use the word special as it is being done in the case of several states.\"The insertion of the word \"special\" in Article 370 could prove contentious and the report further said the President would exercise powers under Clause 1 and 3 of Article 370 to incorporate the recommendations of a constitutional commission in an order that would then be ratified by special majorities in the state assembly and Parliament. \"Once this process is over, Clauses 1 and 3 shall cease to be operative and no order shall be made by the President hereafter,\" the report said.Ruling out a return to the pre-1953 position when Centre's jurisdiction was mainly restricted to defence, foreign affairs and communication, the interlocutors seem to have sought a middle path that could respond to the heated atmosphere in 2010 when firing deaths of stone pelters shook the valley.They made their viewpoint on a \"new compact with the people of Jammu &amp; Kashmir\" clear when they noted, \"The political settlement we propose takes into full account the deep sense of victimhood prevalent in Kashmir. It surely deserves to be addressed with great sensitivity.\"The report recommended measures like expeditious review of persons in jail under the Public Safety Act and a review of the Armed Forces Special Powers Act. They said the process of selecting a governor should give the state a hand by putting up a panel of three candidates. Faster return of persons who have crossed the LoC and rehabilitation of Kashmiri Pandits were other recommendations. Hassle free cross-LoC travel was also mooted.The report called for quick resumption of the Centre's dialogue with Hurriyat. Seeking better relations across the LoC to make it virtually \"irrelevant\", it asked the government to take appropriate measures to regard J&K; (including PoK) as a \"bridge between South and Central Asia\". And for this, they recommended taking aspirations of people from across the LoC onboard.Stating that the \"views expressed in the report are the views of interlocutors\", the home ministry said, \"The government has not yet taken any decision on the report.\" The interlocutors had submitted the report to home minister P Chidambaram in October, 2011.Highlighting improved relations across the LoC and the calm in comparison to 2010, Padgaonkar said, \"We want the movement of goods and people across the LoC to become as hassle free as possible so that the LoC turns into a Line of Concord and Cooperation... The core idea here is to make the LoC irrelevant, a mere line on a map.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13468447", "title": "Petrol hike fuels protest on Allahabad roads", "text": "times news networkALLAHABAD: The steep hike in petrol prices has earned the wrath of people from all the sections of the society. Traders, students, women , businessmen and all the political parties barring Congress have criticised the Union government on the issue. Effigies of the Central government were burned at major crossings here on Thursday. The BJP flayed the hike in petrol prices and said for the first time country has seen such a steep hike.CPI(M) activists burned the effigy of the upa government at Subhash Crossing and raised slogans against the petrol hike. Party leader Sudhir Singh said the UPA government has increased the prices of petrol 16 times in the past three years. Going by this speed, the Central government might hike the prices of petrol to Rs100 soon, he said. Singh criticized finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's statement that the Central government had no control over the prices since petrol has been decontrolled.Traders also criticized the steep hike in petrol prices. They said it would escalate the prices of essential commodities. Traders burned the effigy of the Central government at Kotwali. Trader leader Vijay Gupta said UPA government has consistently added burden on the common man. The frequent hike in petrol prices shows the government has surrendered to petroleum companies and least bothered about the interests of the people and traders, he said. Gupta said instead of controlling corruption and bringing the black money deposited in foreign banks, the government has taken the unwise step of hiking petrol prices.Meanwhile, CPI(ML) New Democracy too has strongly protested against the petrol hike. Party secretary Ashish Mittal said Manmohan Singh government has turned anti-people and safeguarding the interests of foreign corporates.He also condemned the justification being put by forward by the protagonists of this price hike that without this the government will have to cut down on subsidies for the poor. This logic is diversionary, ill founded and mischievous. Firstly, the price hike will affect both the middle and poor classes, Secondly, the government has been foregoing revenue collections from corporate taxes, excise and custom duties to the extent of Rs.4.2 to 4.87 lakh crores as taxes 'not covered.'Meanwhile, a BJP woman activist sustained burn injuries as a burning effigy fell on her. As the BJP activists were burning the effigy of the Central government at Subhash Crossing in Civil Lines, the effigy fell on the woman leader. The woman identified as Pallavi Shukla sustained burn injuries and was later taken to a private hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13476489", "title": "Yeddyurappa leaves for Mumbai to attend BJP national executive", "text": "BANGALORE: Shedding his defiant posture after persuasion by party leaders, former Karnataka chief minister B S Yeddyurappa today left here for Mumbai to attend the concluding session of the BJP national executive meeting.\"I am leaving for Mumbai to greet Nitin Gadkari on his re-election as the party president for the second successive term\", Yeddyurappa, who had earlier decided to skip the meet apparently upset over being sidelined, told reporters here.Yeddyurappa was persuaded by his party top leaders including Gadkari and Arun Jaitley to participate in the executive which the state party strongman had said should discuss Karnataka party affairs also among other issues.The former chief minister continued to attack his successor D V Sadananda Gowda accusing his government of taking a \"biased\" approach in filing replies to the Supreme Court appointed Central Empowered Committee on the role of three former chief ministers S M Krishna, N Dharam Singh and H D Kumaraswamy in alleged illegal mining.Reacting to media reports that the BJP government had not made any conclusive observation on the roles by the two former Congress chief ministers and JDS leader Kuamraswamy, he said: \"If the press reports are to be believed, then it is discriminatory. The chief minister should look into it and ensure that a true picture is sent to CEC\".Yeddyurappa alleged that when CEC sought its report on illegal mining concerning his role, the state furnished the report based on the Lokayukta findings, which had indicted him leading to his ouster as chief minister in July last.According to reports, the state government in its replies to the CEC recently has said the Lokayukta report on illegal mining has not indicted Krishna. In the case of Dharam Singh, though the report wanted proceedings to recover Rs 23 crore loss allegedly caused by him, during the President's rule, the proceedings were ordered to be dropped. On Kumaraswamy, the Lokayukta report stated that his actions had not caused any loss to the exchequer.Social activist T J Abraham has moved the CEC seeking CBI probe into illegal mining involving the tenure of Krishna, Dharam Singh, who led the Congress-JDS coalition Government, and also Kumaraswamy, who was the chief minister during JDS-BJP coalition regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13464860", "title": "Emphasis laid on female literacy for rural development", "text": "PATNA: Industries and disaster management minister Renu Kumar Kushwaha on Thursday said female literacy and skill development will lead to economic development in rural areas.Participating as the chief guest at the 'Rural Economic Development Summit 2012', organised by Indian Chamber of Commerce (ICC), Bihar Chapter, the minister stressed on redesigning approach to rural livelihood by including skill development under the programme. She said disaster preparedness was important for mitigating the effect of the disaster in Bihar so that rural development process continues unhindered. Vice- chairman Bihar State Disaster Management Authority, Anil Kumar Sinha, stressed on involving the rural people in disaster risk reduction by assessing the risk and taking the measures in advance to reduce impact of disaster.Chairing a session on \"Partenering Rural India for Livelihood Promotions: Strategies and Models for Institutionalisation\", general secretary of Prayas Juvenile Aid Centre Society, Amod Kumar Kanth, said public and private partnership is required for skill development programme in rural areas. He suggested a connectivity between rural and urban India. He also stressed on participation of voluntary organisations in rural economic development. He referred to the work of Prayas in creating synergy between government and corporate groups in integrated rural development programme. He said Prayas has a skill development based modular employment scheme by providing skills in different wares to rural women in five districts in Bihar.Country head of Project Concern International, Gurumani, stressed on development of agri-based industries for poverty alleviation in rural areas. He said under the corporate social responsibility, the corporate groups should delve into rural economic programmes. Asian Development Research Institute, member secretary, Shaibal Gupta said, \"Gant of special category status to Bihar is vital to sustain rural economic growth.\"World Bank consultant Vinay Kumar threw light on World Bank programme in different states including Bihar in strategic rural livelihood projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13466310", "title": "Verdict on 11 MHA cases soon", "text": "BANGALORE: The verdict on the methylhexaneamine (MHA) cases, which began in Sept 2010 and have been meandering for nearly two years without any sign of hitting the homestretch, may be delivered soon.The final arguments on the 11 cases of stimulant abuse was to have been heard on Wednesday but had to be postponed after defence counsel RK Anand informed the Anti-Doping Disciplinary Panel that he wouldn't be able to attend the hearing owing to an IOA meeting.But now, the panel, headed by retired judge Dinesh Dayal, has decided that the final arguments would be heard on June 4 and 6. The judge has specified that the panel ought to be given written submissions in advance and that there would be no presentation of fresh evidence from now on, National Anti Doping Agency sources said.The verdict was expected soon after the final arguments are heard, the sources added.The MHA violation cases, which include athletes such as Saurabh Vij (track and field), Richa Mishra and Jyotsna Pansare (swimming), have taken a considerable amount of time, said NADA director general Rahul Bhatnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13461540", "title": "Two senior doctors accused of raping minor at health centre", "text": "GURGAON: Mewat police have lodged an FIR against a retired government doctor, a serving medical officer and two others for allegedly raping a minor girl in Punhana health centre. The victim, aged 17, has alleged that she was confined to a room and raped for nine days.She alleged that she was drugged and sexually abused. \"After receiving the complaint we conducted a medical examination of the victim. There was no external injury on her body. However, based on her statement we have lodged an FIR and are investigating the case,\" said Mewat's senior superintendent of police (SSP) Pankaj Nain.Anil Kumar, person in charge of Punhana police station, said that they have launched a search operation to nab the accused, retired doctor Munish Bhalla, medical officer Ashish Kumar, Ghoda village sarpanch Azad Khan and a fourth man.The victim told police that on April 28 she had gone to Punhana market riding pillion with one of her friends on the bike of a village boy, Hasam Khan. Leaving her friend in the market, she returned with Hasam, who stopped at the health centre on the way back home.Later he had taken her to the quarters of Dr Bhalla, who had retired on April 30. Soon all the accused entered the room and started drinking alcohol and also forced her to drink. Then began nine days of rape.On May 8, allegedly Azad and another man took her to some other places for some days and raped her. After returning home, she shared her story with her family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13458678", "title": "Gautam Gambhir earns praise for IPL performance", "text": "NEW DELHI: It has been a fruitful IPL for Team Kolkata's Gautam Gambhir, both as captain and batsman. With his team reaching the final, all the praise that is pouring in has come as a reprieve for a player struggling for form before the event, and snubbed by selectors when it came to his leadership ambitions.It wasn't too long ago that Gambhir was being perceived as Indian captain MS Dhoni's deputy and a potential future leader. Upstaged by Delhi talent Virat Kohli in that regard, some awkward dressing room moments reportedly wound Gambhir up enough to make him want to prove himself. Fronting Kolkata in the IPL gave Gambhir that platform and he's made the most of the opportunity.\"When he captains, he is more determined. Responsibility makes him a better cricketer. He has big-match temperament,\" says former Indian opener Chetan Chauhan. \"He can fight it out, stay on at the crease. If he gets set, it's tough to get him out. He keeps one end going.\"Chauhan goes so far as to declare Gambhir \"a better bet as a captain than Delhi's Virender Sehwag in his current form\".\"Dhoni is the best bet as captain. But Gambhir is good too. He has been an inspiration for his team and whoever is playing for Kolkata will tell you that,\" another former cricketer Kiran More said. \"After the Sunny Gavaskar era, we didn't have good openers till Sehwag and Gambhir.\"West Indies sensation and Gambhir's Kolkata teammate Sunil Narine is all praise. \"I am grateful to Gambhir for showing confidence in my ability. Under him, the team has reached the final for the first time and we hope to continue our good work,\" he told TOI.A new-found appreciation has given Gauti the impetus he was looking for. He has led from the front with the bat, scoring 588 runs from 16 matches at a strike rate of 144.47. Yet again, Gambhir has shown he's a man for the big occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13464539", "title": "Part rollback of petrol hike likely by end-May", "text": "NEW DELHI: Minutes after the Congress demanded relief from the steep hike in petrol price, state-run oil marketers on Thursday indicated they could reduce the price by the month-end if the rupee and international oil prices held steady.\"Current trend indicates that prices can come down,\" IndianOil chairman R S Butola said. He was speaking just after Congress publicly asked for a reduction in the hike.\"We are genuinely sensitive to the burden this hike will put on the aam aadmi. We hope within the parameters of the international economic situation, the government will evolve a modus vivendi which will provide some relief,\" party spokesperson Manish Tewari said. Oil minister Jaipal Reddy's hasty return from Turkmenistan is seen as signaling Congress's anxiety to secure some respite from the steep hike .Petrol price hike offends UPA alliesThe Congress's eagerness to side with the common man over the petrol price hike issue came against the backdrop of growing pressure from the opposition. Both BJP and Left have called for a Bharat bandh on May 31 to protest against the hike. The political backdrop increases the prospect of a rate cut, although both Butola and chairman of Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Subir Roy Chowdhury said that any reduction would depend on how international prices behave.Roy Chaudhary also said, \"Nobody has instructed us to do so (roll back price hike)\", a comment which was seen to keep expectations in check and which can help government's effort to keep a distance from the unpopular decision.As opposition parties escalated their attack on the government, Congress refrained from launching an aggressive defence of the hike which, while being seen as inevitable, caught the party off-guard with its manner and timing. It whitewashed the positivity of the UPA dinner and was cynically dubbed the \"Congress gift\" on completion of three years in power.It also offended allies. Besides Trinamool boss Mamata Banerjee and DMK who have gone public with their grouse against the hike, NCP is also learnt to have lodged a strong protest with the Congress leadership. Sources said NCP has taken exception to not being consulted on the decision, as well as the quantum of the hike.Tewari underlined the tough economic situation and depreciation of rupee, and even referred to dismantling of the administrative price mechanism but, unlike in the past, did not seek to justify the hike strongly. Rather, he appeared keen to underline the \"sensitivity\" for consumers.The jump in petrol price put Congress's political programme in disarray. The party would have hoped that the unpopular decision would not clash with the positivity of UPA anniversary and definitely not on the eve of rival BJP's national executive where it proved ready fodder for an offensive against the Centre.Many leaders said the hike had virtually scuppered Congress's chances in the coming municipal elections in states like Punjab and UP, while giving a major campaign plank in assembly elections later this year. Gujarat CM Narendra Modi's sharp rhetoric showed BJP will target the principal rival over \"unpopular\" decisions in the December polls.What rankled Congressmen was the absence of the petroleum minister to buffer the party from the rival offensive. While senior minister Jaipal Reddy was in Turkmenistan, his junior R P N Singh too was away.The optics apart, Congress was concerned that the government had not mastered the art of taking unpopular decisions when the rising crude prices over four years and a dwindling world economy had made frequent hikes inevitable. It was felt that government could have staggered the price hike over months instead of letting the losses accumulate to a point that only a steep hike could rescue the oil companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "13476580", "title": "Pak allows Sarabjit\u2019s counsel to meet him in presence of counter terrorism department sleuth", "text": "AMRITSAR: Pakistan has allowed counsel of Indian prisoner Sarabjit Singh to meet him in jail but in presence of sleuths of counter terrorism department of Punjab (Pakistan) government.While talking to TOI on Friday, Awais Sheikh, counsel of Sarabjit Singh, informed that Punjab (Pakistan) government had accorded him permission to meet Sarabjit Singh in Cental Jail, Kot Lakhpat, Lahore on May 28 but in presence of a representative of counter terrorism department. \"Earlier only a representative of special branch of Punjab police remained present with me during my meeting with Sarabjti Singh but this time they have added representative of another security branch also,\" he said.He said he would meet Sarabjit Singh on May 28 at 11am under tight security arrangement.He informed that Sarabjit would sign another mercy petition which would be handed over to the President of Pakistan. Earlier on April 29, a delegation of Indian lawyers on visit to Pakistan had met Sarabjit Singh in jail and had spent some time with him asking his well being.They lawyers delivered messages from his family members to him and apprised him of the efforts put in by people of India for his release.Sarabjit Singh was arrested in Pakistan in 1990 on charges of bomb explosion and was ordered to be sent to gallows, the family got one rare opportunity of emotional reunion in 2008 when Dalbir Kaur, sister, Sukhpreet Kaur, wife, Poonam and Swapandeep Kaur, both daughters were allowed to meet Sarabjit in jail.Sarabjit had reportedly strayed into Pakistan in an inebriated condition and was arrested there on the false identity of one Manjit Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "13475012", "title": "Michael Clarke to quit cricket before his late 30s", "text": "MELBOURNE: Just-married Australia captain Michael Clarke has said that he will quit cricket before he passed his mid-30s, unlike many of his predecessors.Clarke said he won't continue to play on into his late 30s like former Australian captains Steve Waugh who played till 38, and Ricky Ponting who, at 37, is still there in the fray.The 31-year-old said he has been 'blessed' by cricket and marriage to Kyly Boldy and would be settling down within a few years.\"I am enjoying playing now but in time I won't be the guy playing at 38, 39, 40,\" Clarke was quoted as saying by the Australian media.\"I hope I can have my impact in a short space of time and then be finished. I would love to see the team have success, achieve what it can achieve,\" he added.Clarke said that he will draw curtains to his career the moment he finished as Australia skipper, unlike Ponting who has continued to play under his successor for 10 months.But before that Clarke said toppling South Africa this summer and then top-ranked ranked England were his priorities.\"I have so many goals I want to see this team achieve and when my time is up, it is up,\" he said. Clarke will lead Australia in a five-match ODI series against England from June 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13460649", "title": "BMW case: Man gets 10 days to produce licence", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon Police on Thursday gave Suraj Sherawat, the prime accused in the BMW case, 10 days to produce his driving licence.According to police sources, the Delhi University student appeared before the special investigation team (SIT) and sought more time to hand over his driving licence. Investigators said that they were still doubtful whether Suraj has a valid licence. If he fails to produce one, he will be in deeper trouble. A city court had earlier ordered the prime suspect to submit his licence on May 23. It is also learnt that the suspect has not handed over the clothes he was wearing at the time of the accident, which will be crucial evidence .Meanwhile, cops are waiting for blood sample reports of Suraj which will help establish whether he was driving the car at the time of accident. On May 5 the BMW car in which Suraj was present had rammed into a Tata Indigo car, killing a pregnant woman, Kshama Chopra Shetye and the driver Sanjay Gulati.After the accident, the suspect had evaded arrest and then surrendered in a city court after police issued a non-bailable warrant against him. The court had granted him bail ordering him to cooperate in the probe. The court had also rejected a police plea for a test identification parade (TIP) of Suraj since his photographs had already been splashed in the media.In the last hearing, the court had directed police not to disclose any details of the investigation to the media. On the next date of hearing, August 1, police are to submit the entire records of the investigation, including the blood sample reports of Suraj. Investigators claim that they have crucial accounts of witnesses which would prove Suraj was behind the wheels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "13459497", "title": "Water crisis sparks Howrah mayor gherao", "text": "HOWRAH: Hundreds of residents from two wards under the Howrah Municipal Corporation (HMC) gheraoed mayor Mamata Jaiswal for nearly five hours on Thursday, demanding . They demanded more water supply of water to the two wards.The matter took a political turn with the ward councillors alleging that they are being discriminated against as they belong to the Trinamool Congress which occupies the opposition benches in the HMC. According to residents of Dayal Banerjee Road, Mullickpara, Prasana Kumar Dutta Road, Tulsi Mitra Garden Lane and other parts of Ward 26, there has been no supply of municipal water to their homes for a long time now. Residents of Ward 28 claimed that the water supply was insufficient. On the other hand, residents of Kailash Bose Lane, Anantaram Mukherjee Lane, Rajballav Saha Lane and other parts of Ward 28 claimed that the water supply they receive is inadequate.Both these wards are in central Howrah and are quite upmarket.\"We have to buy drinking water. The water tankers sent by HMC are inadequate and we have to fight with neighbours for a bucket of water. We have made several appeals ed to the HMC on several occasions but no steps have been taken,\" said a resident. On Saturday, the residents had also organized a road block but this had little effect.At 1pm on Thursday, the irate residents reached the mayor's office and squatted outside the door. They prevented her to leave till 6pm. Jaiswal said, that the capacity of the Paddapukur Water Treatment Plant - the only one in Howrah - is only 55 million gallons a day.\"Due to siltation in the Hooghly, water supply to the Paddapukur water treatment plant has gone down but demand has risen. There are also reports of water theft by residents of other wards.We are planning to set up a vigilance team to monitor water theft. We may also reduce the supply of water from three times a day to twice to tide over the crisis.\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13476146", "title": "Mahesh Babu Excited about SVSC First Look", "text": "Prince and superstar Mahesh Babu is all excited about the first look of \" Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu\", which will be released on May 31. Mahesh Babu has announced on Twitter that the first look of \"Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu\" will be out on May 31. And the makers have every reason to fix that date sinceit is Superstar Krishna's birthday.The first look of \"Pokiri\" and \"Dookudu\" were released on the same day (May 31) and these films went on to become biggest blockbusters in his career. Mahesh feels that May 31 is an auspicious day and wants to continue the same trend apparently for releasing SVSC first look too. The actor further adds that he's enjoying working for \"Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu\" and thanks the crew. \"Thoroughly enjoying the experience of working with a legend like him. A big Thankyou to my director Srikanth addala, my producer dilraju ,and of course venkatesh garu.\" (sic) wrote Mahesh.The multi-starrer film, co-starring 'Victory' Venkatesh is currently undergoing shoot in Ramoji Film City in Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13483510", "title": "'Sarangi Chillout' an extraordinary piece of music", "text": "'On A Serious Note' sees D-E-A explore &amp; expand their vast musical knowledge into an eclectic mix of desi sounds fused effortlessly with contemporary western beats. The instrumental EP features 4 superb singles that set themselves apart musically &amp; will be perfect for not only DJs, but all musical uses.The EP features the elegantly made 'Sarangi Chillout' - an extraordinary piece of music which places the beauty of the Sarangi instrument at its core, making this song aptly name 'Sarangi Chillout'. Also featuring on the EP is 'String You Along' a song designed to set alight Asian weddings, with its beautifully crafted musical pieces supplemented by a desi dhol.The D-E-A (Dhol Enforcement Agency) hail from Leicester, UK and are headed by Indi Singh Soor. They quickly established them as one of the finest UK Dhol groups, performing with a live algozey, tumbi, sarangi, boliyan and a live sampling machine. They have performed alongside some of the biggest names in Asian music whilst also holding weekly classes in Leicester to teach young kids the art of Punjabi music. A highlight of their live performances was recently performing in front of the Queen &amp; Kate Middleton to mark the Queens Jubilee celebrations.The D-E-A Dhol &amp; Punjabi music classes attract students from all ranges, both male and female; who are taught the art of playing Dhol &amp; Punjabi Music. The classes are designed to help both newcomers and experienced musicians in extending their knowledge.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13459835", "title": "Respite to students as Nagpur University stays fee hike", "text": "NAGPUR: In a big respite to lakhs of students, Nagpur University Management Council (MC) on Thursday stayed the May 11 notification that had raised the exam fees as much as 20% for the professional courses and 10% for general ones from forthcoming winter exams.It was a victory for students' organizations that had protested the 'exorbitant' hike being carried out by NU since last five years. The issue was highlighted by TOI on March 16 and followed up with a series of reports that later rocked the NU Senate meeting on March 20. Now, the students would be charged fees as per May 13, 2011, notification.Sources disclosed MC members finally forced vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal to stay the hike. The fees remained the same for six years when Management Council under then VC SN Pathan decided on April 17, 2007, to increase it by 20% annually for professional courses and 10% for general courses. In five years, the fees have more than doubled putting a huge burden on the students. During Senate meeting, administration itself disclosed that NU had collected Rs 56.24 crore from the students in the form of exam fees while expenditure on conducting exams was just Rs 34.26 crore, thus they saved Rs 22 crore.Sources further revealed that the emergent MC meeting that started at 4pm and continued for over three hours witnessed heated exchanges between the members and administration that opposed the reduction stating budget had been cleared by Senate and it wouldn't be possible to make changes now. The administration also contended it would lead to burden on NU's finances.In morning, three-member MC panel constituted to study the fee hike issue under chairman Abhijit Wanjari had submitted its report to VC. The panel had recommended cancellation of May 11 notification. Sources stated that 1,000-odd students who had submitted winter exam forms with hiked fees would get reimbursed.VC pulls up members for talking to mediaSources revealed vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal was not happy with the news regarding fee hike and subsequent developments appearing in the media and targeted the members, particularly panel chairman Wanjari, for apprising the media of their decisions. He blamed them for leaking the news due to which various students organizations were staging protests at NU offices. Sapkal had categorically told the members not to talk to media and all developments should be conveyed to media through PRO office.Earlier also, VC had issued gag orders on employees after TOI exposed BCCA paper leak on April 22. In fact, he had constituted a panel under chancellor nominee on MC Sanjay Khadakkar to investigate how the Justice CL Pangarkar Committee report was leaked and published by TOI on May 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13460771", "title": "India calms UN over human rights record", "text": "NEW DELHI: Confronted by questions regarding AFSPA and the impunity enjoyed by security forces, caste discrimination and failure to ratify the convention against torture, India painted a \"reassuring\" picture during its periodic review of its human rights at the UN on Thursday.Presenting the national report at the UNHRC in Geneva , attorney general Goolam Vahanavati said, \"We cannot wish away problems. Problems can be dealt with if their existence is acknowledged. Moreover, India has the ability to self-correct and has redressal mechanisms available. However, we cannot lose sight of the larger picture which is very reassuring.\"The national report reads like a report card of the UPA government, bringing everything from MGNREGA to Right to Information Act, Right to Education Act and gram nyayalayas under the rubric of human rights.On AFSPA, where India has been repeatedly questioned, Vahanavati said that the constitutionality of the Act had been upheld by the Supreme Court.\"This Act is considered necessary to deal with serious terrorist and insurgency/militancy situation arising in certain parts of the country and uphold the duty of the state to protect and secure its citizens.\"It provides necessary powers, legal support and protection to the armed forces for carrying out proactive operation against the terrorists in a highly hostile environment...In such a challenging environment, where the very lives of its citizens and the unity and integrity of India is at stake, as long as deployment of armed forces is required to maintain peace and normalcy, AFSPA powers are required,\" he said.India came under some questioning on its failure to ratify the UN convention against torture.Vahanavati said this would be ratified after the domestic law, prevention of torture bill, was passed. This has been passed by Lok Sabha but has gone to a select committee in Rajya Sabha. According to NGO Human Rights Watch , \"India has also failed to implement UPR recommendation 12 to ratify the Convention against Enforced Disappearance\".The attorney general pointed to recent steps to \"impact positively\" on Scheduled Castes and Tribes. \"Under the Scheduled Tribes and other Traditional Forest Dwellers (Recognition of Forest Rights) Act, 2006 as on February this year, we have disposed 2.72 million claims out of the 3.17 filed, that is 86% of the claims and 1.25 million titles have been distributed already,\" he said.Countries like Canada asked India to protect women from female foeticide and honour crimes, as well as to modify the medico-forensic procedures adopted for rape cases and end ca-ste discrimination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "13468220", "title": "'Proclamation of Independence' of 1913 by 13th Dalai Lama released", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: An organization of exiled Tibetans, Students For free Tibet (SFT), has unveiled a re-creation of the \"Tibetan Proclamation of Independence\" issued by the 13th Dalai Lama in 1913 on Wednesday late evening at a ceremony organized at the Tibetan exile headquarters here.The scroll was unveiled by Tibet's second longest-serving political prisoner, who was born in the time of the 13th Dalai Lama's government Ven. Palden Gyatso.Organizers said that the scroll will be distributed in 100 cities all over the world, including Chinese embassies, to raise awareness about the upcoming 100th anniversary of Tibet's declaration as an independent country on February 13, 2013.Tenzin Dorjee, director of SFT, said that distribution of this declaration will give Tibetans \"a reason to celebrate our history as an independent nation.\"\"Nearly a hundred years after the issue of this proclamation, Tibetans today are taking practical actions to construct their social, political and economic independence from Chinese rule through tactics of non-cooperation and civil disobedience. Although China may control Tibet's borders, it can no longer control the Tibetan people's actions,\" he said.Meanwhile, acknowledging SFT's initiative, Serthar Tsultrim, a member of the Tibetan parliament, has urged young Tibetan freedom activists to stand in parliamentary elections in order to advocate and lobby for a policy shift in the government in exile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13461531", "title": "Locked up woman sets herself ablaze", "text": "BHOPAL: Upset over finding another woman living in the house with her husband, a woman locked it from outside and rushed to inform the police that her husband betrayed her. However, in the meantime, the locked woman poured kerosene and set herself ablaze.The woman, Lalita succumbed to burn injuries. Her seven-year-old kid who was also with her at the time of incident sustained minor injuries.The incident took place at Ambedkar Nagar locality. Police said the woman along with her kid had come to reside with a man, Sanjay, whose wife, Mahananda had gone to Chhindwara 15 days ago.The incident took place when the wife of Sanjay came unannounced. On finding another woman in her house, she locked it from outside and rushed to the police.But by the time she could return with the cops, Lalita had allegedly committed suicide by setting herself ablaze.The police suspect that Sanjay and Lalita were having illicit relations and the incident was an outcome of the same. Lalita had divorced her husband around eight years back, the police said.The body of woman was later sent for autopsy while her minor son, Rahul was handed over to his family members. The minor boy was with his mother at the time of incident.\"The police got details of the case when the boy narrated the incident. A case against those responsible for the woman's death would be registered after the investigations are over,\" said TI GP Agrawal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13468355", "title": "Many explosions but police fail to take concrete steps", "text": "ALLAHABAD: As many as 18 persons, including eight children, have lost their lives in explosions in the city from 2005 to May this year. Investigation revealed that grenades or crude bombs of high intensity triggered these blasts. The police and the law enforcement agencies have so far failed to put an end to the menace.The city is infamous for producing crude bombs. Criminals use crude bombs when it comes to settling score or creating panic. \"Crude bombs are the favourite tool of outlaws. The use of such bombs is being witnessed since nineties,\" revealed a police official.Past incidents like 2005 Newa grenade explosion (six killed and four injured), 2007 Kareli explosion (two children killed and three injured), 2009 Atala explosion (two killed and three injured in grenade blast), 2010 Dhoomanganj explosion (two killed in suspected grenade blast), 2011 Bahadurganj crude bomb explosion (a child killed and four injured) and 2012 Kareli explosion (five children killed and six injured) are enough to reveal the real picture.Allahabad DIG N Raviendra told TOI that cops are maintaining a watch on suspected persons involved in the trade. Extensive search operations are going on in this regard.Apart from creating panic, crude bombs are also being used in committing murders.Recently, criminals had used crude bombs to eliminate husband of a corporator in Malakraj in Kydganj police circle.Police records show that crude bombs were frequently used by criminals in committing murders in trans-Ganga and trans-Yamuna areas.The basic fact is that low cost of manufacturing of crude bombs and the rising demand has led to its development as a cottage industry. Laxity and complete inaction on the part of police had further worsened the situation.This year alone, the city had witnessed as many as seven incidents of crude bomb explosions that left as many as nine persons, including children injured. However, these explosions have failed to galvanise the police. The cops visit the spot as a routine exercise and forget about the incident after that.Crude bombs are being used by gangs who believe in proving supremacy.Most of the bomb explosion cases have occurred near garbage dumping centres. Hence, the cops have come out with the oft-repeated explanation that troublemakers might have hidden the bombs at these places to evade police action. The police have so far failed to ascertain the identity of even a single person behind such acts.A low intensify crude bomb costs between Rs 10 and Rs 15 and can be prepared within a few minutes. The high intensity bomb known as 'dibba bombs' costs between Rs 35 and Rs 100 and used to damage the target.Circles like Mauaima, Soraon, Kareli, Phulpur, Kydganj, Dhoomanganj and Bara are know as points of manufacturing of crude bombs. Despite the so-called police drives and seizure of explosives, there seem to be no check on sale or purchase of crude bombs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13462393", "title": "Will the rumble cause tumble? Gadgets will tell metro officials", "text": "CHENNAI: A few engineers sit in a control room looking at a live graph that fluctuates as a giant trench cutter slices through rock and soil at the metro rail underground work site in the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital (KMCH). The moment it is found that the cutter is going too close and the vibrations will fell a wall on the campus, an alarm is sounded and the work stopped.The online feed comes from an array of instruments - on walls and terraces of buildings near work sites, inside deep trenches dug for underground stations and on the surface. A wall developing a crack, the earth shifting or a building sinking by a fraction of a millimeter is enough to sound an alarm.Metro rail is using data from many devices - crack metre, inclinometer, deflection metre and total station - to monitor all buildings located close to underground station work sites. Eleven underground stations are being built on Anna Salai and eight underground stations are coming up on Poonamallee High Road. \"We have to monitor buildings round the clock because deep pits are being dug using heavy machinery. As pits are going to be deeper than the foundation of buildings, we will have to monitor the lateral pressure caused by the weight of buildings and adjacent soil over the walls built on four sides of the underground station being built,\" said a metro rail official.Engineers' readings are fed into a computer which will combine then with the data from total station and assess it to identify risks. Safety of buildings has to be analysed elaborately because underground stations are being built in the 'cut and cover method' that requires use of giant machinery that generates vibrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13460480", "title": "MSc bioinformatics entrance test on June 10", "text": "PUNE: The entrance exam for admissions to the 2012 batch of the University of Pune's Master of Science (MSc) in bioinformatics course will be held on June 10.The two-year full-time course is conducted by the UoP's bioinformatics centre, which has been identified as a centre of excellence by the Union government's department of biotechnology as well as the ministry of communication and information technology.Students having a minimum qualification of a bachelor's degree in science are eligible for admission to this course through the competitive entrance exam that is held on an all-India basis every year. The top 15 students admitted to this course are awarded a fellowship, while the course also promises good placement prospects at academic institutes and industries in India and abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13461295", "title": "No Rajya Sabha for me, my hands are full: Kakodkar", "text": "MUMBAI: Former chairman of Atomic Energy Commission (AEC), Anil Kakodkar, on Thursday refuted media reports that he \"refused\" Rajya Sabha nomination. He said he could not accept the Prime Minister's offer because he has his hands full with various government assignments.Kakodkar, who was involved in framing the Indo-US nuclear deal, said his decision is being mistakenly read as rejection of the government's offer.\"I did not decline the PM's offer. I explained my position to the PM and he was appreciative of my stand and agreed with what I told him. I am still grateful to him for identifying me for a nominated membership of the Rajya Sabha,\" said Kakodkar, a key player in India's nuclear weaponisation programmeThe nuclear scientist said that the PM had asked him to head the solar energy programme and he was also connected with the IITs. \"All this means that I have a lot of work at hand,\" he said.Kakodkar pointed out that the rules of his current engagements, too, do not permit him to be a Rajya Sabha member, as he holds other government jobs. According to media reports, Kakodkar was recommended for being a nominated Rajya Sabha seat along with cricket icon, Sachin Tendulkar , and actor, Rekha. He denied he was unhappy with being placed at par with them. Following Kakodkar's decision not to accept the PM's offer, industrialist Anu Aga was nominated. Kakodkar, was director, Barc from 1996 to 2000 and chairman, AEC, between 2000 and 2009. He was awarded the Padma Vibhushan in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13461074", "title": "Gurgaon: Many get top grade in CBSE Class X", "text": "GURGAON: Most students were on cloud nine with the announcement of CBSE Class X results on Thursday evening. A1's were common, with many of them scoring high cumulative grade point averages (CGPA).For instance, in Amity International School Sector 43, 35% of the class secured 10 out of 10 CGPA with 100% result. Similarly, 23% of the class in Blue Bells Model School walked away with 10 CGPA.\"Fifty students secured 10 CGPA and the result was outstanding this time. We had more students with 10 CGPA as compared to last year, and the overall result this time is better. With the CCE system of grading, the students are less stressed and also getting a chance to participate in extracurricular activities. Children have become multi-faceted and have been taking part in extracurricular activities unlike before,\" said principal Sandhya Awasthi, principal of Amity International School, Sector 43.Despite the CBSE's continuous and comprehensive evaluation (CCE) system gathering momentum across several schools in the country, a number of students appeared for the Class X board exam this year. While some students stayed away from the board exams, others who opted for it said they were abiding by tradition.\"Ever since Class 8 we were asked to study keeping the Class X board exams in mind. My parents suggested and even I wanted to see for myself what the exams are like,\" said Rohan, a student of Our Lady of Fatima School, who took the board exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13459928", "title": "Maharashtra DGP in damage control mode as Naxals step up violence at G'chiroli", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra State director general of police K Subramaniam reached Gadchiroli on Thursday to take review of the situation as Naxal violence has reached the zenith in the affected district. On the eve of DGP's visit, Naxals shot dead a civilian and forced three more village headmen to resign, while the prevalent fear forced another 19 members of gram panchayat to vacate their post.Subramaniam's visit, which included Dhanora police post, was learnt to be necessitated with the Naxals managing to corner the security forces until in a recent encounter one of their cadres was killed and two more arrested. It was learnt that the state top cop had tried to boost the sagging morale of the forces which has been under pressure to restrain the rebels, who have been escalating their violence.Recently, the Naxals dented the pride of the security forces in the district by holding an open court in the jungle of Jimulgatta where they conducted mass trial of three kidnapped tribals before setting them free, following the so-called consensus of the people present to witness the episode earlier this week. The Naxals had held their open court at a place which was learnt to be within 10-km of the Jimulgatta sub-police station.While Subramaniam held lengthy meetings with the senior officials, Naxals kept their heat on in the district which is in the grip of fear. The kidnapped former vice-president of Dhanora Panchayat samity Mehtarsingh Usendi, who was whisked away with two others from Murumgaon on May 19 last week, was set free by the Naxals putting the speculation to rest. The village headmen Murari Halami of Pannemara and Jawharlal Ledia of Murumgaon too were kidnapped with Usendi but later set free. Both Halami and Ledia had furnished resignation from their respective posts. Along with Halami and Ledia, village headman of Fulbodhi Gatta, Balwant Padole too submitted his resignation. It was also learnt that 19 members of Dhanora Gram panchayat too resigned due to Naxal fear.A supervisor, engaged with a private construction company, was kidnapped and murdered by the Naxals at Jambia Gatta in Etapalli teshil. Tapan Tembhare was kidnapped before his bullet-ridden body was left near a temple at Jambia on Thursday morning.On Friday, the poll to the legislative council is likely to be held in the district with Naxals already threatening against participating in the election for monetary gains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13460803", "title": "Open days in Delhi University from tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fresh school passouts aspiring to join the Delhi University can attend the forthcoming Open Days to understand the admission process. DU has decided to start the Open Days from May 26 till June 2.The aspirants and their parents can know more about courses and colleges and seek guidance from faculty and trained student counsellors.The Open Days on May 26, 27, 31 and June 1 and 2 will be held at the conference centre, North Campus. Students in south Delhi and can attend the Open Days at S P Jain Centre on South Campus which will be held from May 28 to 30. The programme will be held from 9.30 am to 1 pm every day.\"These Open Days are held to provide counselling to candidates seeking admission in various undergraduate courses. The counselling sessions will be addressed by some heads of department, college principals and subject experts. Trained student counsellors will give a 40-minute-long multimedia presentation. They will also be available to help and guide the aspirants,\" said a senior DU official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13460426", "title": "Encroacher attacks civic officials in Oshiwara", "text": "MUMBAI: Civic officials removing encroachments from a prime civic plot in Oshiwara were allegedly manhandled and thrown out of the plot by the prime accused, S M Khan, and his henchmen. It required the intervention of the Oshiwara police before the BMC could once again take over the plot.Accompanied by a group of people, Khan stormed the barricaded plot on Thursday evening. The newly set up civic chowky was damaged and officials were roughed up. One of them, though, managed to call local ward officer R T Pawar.\"When I reached the site, the group had already taken over the place. I called up the police, who arrived immediately and helped us recover the plot,'' said Pawar.The Oshiwara later registered a case against Khan and his group for rioting, trespassing and obstructing a government official on duty.The BMC, which began the demolition of illegal structures on the plot earlier this week, has so far managed to remove 25 of the 48 encroachers. Of the 27,000 sq ft, the BMC has taken possession of 18,000 sq ft so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13461551", "title": "JP Hospital: Show-cause to 13 absentee doctors", "text": "BHOPAL: JP Hospital's attempt to become the state's first hospital national accreditation board for hospitals and healthcare providers ( NABH), a mark of excellence for patient safety and quality of care lay exposed.In an unannounced inspection district collector Nikunj Shrivastava issued show-cause notices to 13 doctors for not reporting on work here on Thursday. He also for called taking punitive action against the private company entrusted with keeping the hospital clean, a day after new tenders for sanitation work were opened.\"JP Hospital's current sanitation works tender works out to Rs 5 lakh per month. New tender would be awarded on Saturday,\" said chief medical and hospital officer Dr Pankja Shukla.Shrivastava also directed the hospital authorities to prominently display discounts on medicines and surgical products offered in in-house medical shops. Low sputum collection for detection of TB and dress code implementation for all employees was also highlighted.The collector instructed the civil surgeon to report daily attendance by 8.30 every morning through SMS. The collector also took note of the delayed construction work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13462260", "title": "Police plan drive against online lottery frauds", "text": "CHENNAI: Faced by an increasing number of cases involving residents falling prey to online lottery frauds, the city police have planned to create awareness in the semi-urban areas about such scams. The recent arrest of D Nelson Nicholas, a Nigerian, for cheating D Murugan, a Sriperumbudur, resident of Rs 4.3 lakh seems to have triggered the police move.Inspector-general of police (IGP - north zone) P Kannappan said: \"Of late, we have been receiving many complaints from Kancheepuram and Chengalpet where people are falling prey to online frauds.\"\"I have asked all my sub-ordinate officers to conduct regular campaigns and issue pamphlets among the general public to create awareness,\" he added.In Kancheepuram district, police have registered at least seven cases of online lottery scams in the past five months. This is a new trend as the district police did not receive any such complaints in the past, police said.Separately, complaints about cotton betting have been received from Vellore and Tiruvannamalai districts. \"We have received specific information about the rackteers. A special team assigned to monitor the persons involved in the racket arrested two people in Vellore on Wednesday,\" IGP Kannappan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13459423", "title": "Slutwalk hits Kolkata streets", "text": "KOLKATA: 'If a rape victim is blamed for wearing revealing clothes, will a blast victim be blamed for not wearing a bulletproof vest?' It is a predicament that binds women across Haryana to Havana , and in particular, Toronto, Goa, Noida and Kolkata, where rape victims have been labelled for their dress and lifestyle. What began worldwide in April 2011 over a police comment: 'Women should avoid dressing like sluts', caught up in Bengal a year later on Thursday with Slutwalk Kolkata, that started from Jadavpur University and ended at Triangular Park. Almost 300 non-political activists, students and NGO workers braved the discomforting weather to declare: \"Whatever we do, wherever we go... 'No' means 'No'!\"Students walked with their professors, while mothers joined their daughters. Nine-year-old Priyanka Mallick was brought by her parents, who pointed out there are half-a-dozen other mothers with the \"future women and wives\". Ben Berthelemy, a French photographer who is now based in Kolkata, came with his wife and daughter. JU chemical engineering professor Debashis Ray, a 'sympathizer', said: \"Profiling of transgenders is an offence in many Western nations. We want to take the provocation out of 'provocative' dresses. We want to appeal to the male predatory psyche that is easily provoked.\" Rhea Gupta, a graduate, appealed: \"We just don't want to be labelled because of our choice.\"\"Offenders justify their crime by pointing at the victim's clothes. We've hit the streets to protest that,\" said a third-year student of St Xavier's College. Her classmate Sagar Sethi's reason to be there is heartwarming: \"I've used the word 'slut' as an abuse, and also to refer to women. I'm here to make amends.\" Around 25 Xaverians took part in the march, as did author Rimi B Chatterjee and several JU students. Paulina, a Polish model-activist working in Kolkata, said: \"I love Kolkata. Most Indian men are very kind. But I've faced harassment because I'm a foreigner, or because of my clothes. I want Kolkata girls to be able to wear whatever they want, choose whatever lifestyle they want.\"International and national NGOs along with local volunteer groups, too, joined the youngsters, with Hemley Gonzalez of the American organization Responsible Charity rallying from the front. \"This is a women's rights march, it has our support,\" he said. The movement was backed by representatives from Sappho For Equality and Swayam, an NGO that works against violence against women. \"This walk is directly related to our cause, hence we're here,\" said Gargee Guha from the NGO. SlutWalk Kolkata also drew citizens like 37-year-old Madhuwanti Basu, a graphic designer: \"I want to stop victims from being blamed for the crime against them.\" But women in burqas have also faced similar predicament, how would she explain that? \"Anything can be an excuse. If one rapes a woman in burqa, he could say she wasn't wearing it the right way,\" she said.\"The event passed without incident, it was surprisingly smooth. We hadn't expected so many people to turn up, it was a grand success,\" gushed lead SlutWalk Kolkata organizer Sulakhana Biswas. \"We were prepared for extreme negative reaction from the public but we got none,\" said Priyadarshini Dey, a JU Mphil scholar. \"The police did a wonderful job, and I think some people were too stunned to react, and some didn't understand the concept. But no matter, we got through to as many as we could, distributing pamphlets and raising slogans,\" added Sulakshana.Cops did manage the walk pretty well, with several policemen deployed on foot and a police jeep tailing the rally. Not many of them were, perhaps, aware that a loose comment by their Canadian counterpart had triggered such a movement across the world. Of course, there were moral police as well: \"What do they want, go without clothes and nobody would touch them? Disgusting,\" a middle-aged woman complained to her friend who replied: \"Did you see the boys joining the lot? For shame.\" Old notions die hard, hence the need for such a motion, countered the SlutWalkers. What matters to them is that the voice of opposition was drowned by the participants' roar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13458631", "title": "Jaganmohan Reddy to face CBI today, anticipatory bail plea rejected", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI will only question YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy when he appears before them on Friday and his apprehensions of arrest are ill-founded. Principal special judge A Pullaiah of the CBI court made this clear on Thursday while dismissing the interim anticipatory bail application that was filed by Jagan.Stating that Jagan and the other accused have already been directed to appear before his court on May 28, the judge said: \"Therefore, at this juncture, any apprehension of his arrest is only due to a fear complex or phobia, perhaps out of the ill-advice of his companions.\"A day after the AP high court made it clear that Jagan has to appear before the CBI with reference to the Vanpic deal aspect of the assets case, the YSR Congress chief moved an anticipatory bail application in the CBI court. However, after the court posted the matter to May 28, Jagan moved an interim anticipatory bail application that the court can dispose of immediately without hearing the CBI's version.Dismissing the interim anticipatory bail petition, the judge said the CBI has been probing the assets case for the last seven months.Having chosen not to arrest Jagan at a crucial and appropriate time of its investigation, the probe agency may not arrest him now, particularly after three chargesheets were filed and after the court issued summons to him, the judge said.If the CBI wants to arrest him, it need not issue notice to him, it can straight away arrest him, the judge said.If interim bail is given now, there is a possibility of Jagan not appearing before the CBI as was sought or even if he appears, he may refuse to answer all the queries of the CBI and may also exhibit a hostile attitude towards the probe agency, Pullaiah said and dismissed the interim plea.Simply because Jagan is an MP and is campaigning for his candidates, the interim anticipatory bail cannot be given unless there are compelling reasons, the judge said.Now, the main hearing in his anticipatory bail plea stood posted to May 28 for hearing.On the apprehension of the arrest, the judge said: In the present case, admittedly entire investigation is completed, chargesheet is filed and this court also having taken cognizance of the offences, issued summons to the petitioner and other accused to appear before this court on May 28.Therefore, at this juncture, any apprehension of his arrest is only due to a fear complex or phobia, perhaps out of the ill-advice of his companions,\" the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13483831", "title": "Aarushi murder case: Talwars charged with murder, trial to begin from June 4", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The special CBI court in Ghaziabad on Friday formally framed charges against Rajesh and Nupur Talwar for the murder of their 13-year-old daughter Aarushi and their domestic help Hemraj in May 2008 at their home.The trial will now begin from June 4.On Thursday, in his six-page order, additional district judge Shyam Lal said there was enough evidence, prima facie, to try the dentist couple under sections 302, read with 34 (murder with common intention) of Indian Penal Code, and section 201, read with 34 (destruction of evidence with common intention). CBI counsel R K Saini told the media that after formal framing of charges on Friday, the court will gave the next date for commencing the trial.Briefing the media on the closed door hearing, CBI counsel R K Saini said, \"The court has agreed with the argument that since there were four persons in the house in May 15 night and two were found dead, the onus was on surviving members to explain what transpired on the fateful night.\"Citing a number of Supreme Court and High Court judgments, the judge said evidence cannot be minutely examined at the stage of framing of charges and there was enough prima facie material to press charges against the accused couple. The court also said \"there seems to be no reason to discharge the accused (Talwars)\".\"The court also took cognizance of the prosecution's argument that the crime scene was allegedly dressed up by the couple and there was no evidence of entry of any outsider, indicating that the crime was allegedly committed by Rajesh and Nupur,\" Saini said. Arguing on the 'last seen' theory in court on Tuesday, CBI had said that only the Talwar couple was in the house on the fateful night. The agency cited the testimony of Talwars' maid Bharti, their driver Umesh and security guards of Jalvayu Vihar to back its contention.The judge also cited the defence arguments in his order. The defence had argued on Wednesday that CBI's case was based merely on circumstantial evidence and all vital links in the chain of evidence did not connect completely. The judge also cited the CBI argument that a white discharge was found on Aarushi's private parts during post mortem which indicates a motive for the crime. This was strongly opposed by Talwars' lawyer who said that such discharge was not uncommon among girls of Aarushi's age and did not show that she was having sex with Hemraj - an act that CBI argued had enraged the Talwar couple, prompting them to kill the two.The judge also mentioned CBI's charge that the Talwars had spotlessly clean clothes hours after Aarushi's murder pointed to their guilt as normally parents would have hugged the body of their dead daughter. Besides, he also quoted CBI's arguments that the walls of Talwar's flat were washed soon after the killing and the statement of a prosecution witness, Rohit Kochar, who said there was no grief on the face of the parents and their clothes were fresh and wrinkle-free when he visited the house on May 16.Judge Shyam Lal also referred to the CBI's claims that the wounds on the neck of Hemraj and Aarushi were caused by surgical equipment which could have been the work of trained medical professionals like Rajesh and Nupur Talwar. The defence had rejected the theory saying these wounds could be caused by a weapon like the 'khukri', common among Nepali citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13459923", "title": "\u2018Need Ahmedabad pattern of town planning in Maharashtra\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: To streamline town-planning schemes and ensure well-planned urban development by overcoming hurdles in the existing land acquisition system, the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (Credai) has advocated that the Ahmedabad pattern of town-planning be replicated in Maharashtra. A proposal on the issue has already been sent to the President of India by the state government and a Credai delegation will meet the President soon.The permission of the President of India is required for changes in the land acquisition Act and for town planning (TP) schemes. Accordingly, the state government had sent a proposal to the President for the implementation of the TP scheme across Maharashtra. But this proposal is lying with the President from the past couple of years.Kiran Chavan, president, Credai Nashik, said, \"The state has chalked out a proposal of TP on the lines of Ahmedabad and sent it to the President for approval. The President's approval is needed due to changes required in the land acquisition Act. But, the proposal is lying with the President and no decision has been taken so far. Hence, we are planning to approach the President in June to urge her to approve the proposal.\"'Civic body saves on land acquisition under scheme'If the President gives her nod to the TP proposal, then it can be implemented within the limits of municipal corporations and councils across Maharashtra. The Ahmedabad TP scheme pattern became successful in Gujarat and is being implemented across the state.In Maharashtra, as per the existing development plan (DP), municipal corporations reserve land for civic amenities, and require crores of rupees for acquisition. But, under TP schemes, the municipal corporation need not spend for land acquisition as it gets the land free of cost.As per the Ahmedabad TP scheme, around 100 or 200 acre of land owned by a number of owners is clubbed. The civic authority takes possession of around 40% of the clubbed land for ring roads, internal roads and spaces for amenities, while the land-owners get the 60% of the net developed land.The ring road, internal roads, other infrastructure facilities and civic amenities lead to value addition to their land and naturally they get benefit. All the plots are merged and plotted. The civic authority too gets the 40% of land free.If the land-owner proposes lay-outs on the land, then he has to leave the same portion of the space (around 40%) for roads and other purposes. Hence, there is no loss of land owners under the TP scheme.On the contrary, the land owner gets value addition to his land. Incidentally, the TP scheme was basically prepared by Maharashtra. Gujarat government officials came to Maharashtra to study the plan and implemented it by making the required changes in the plan, said Chavan.With an aim to implement the TP scheme, the Gujarat government had established the Ahmedabad Urban Development Authority (AUDA) on February 1, 1978. The important functions of the authority include the preparation of physical plans for the development of the Ahmedebad urban agglomeration, to prepare the draft town planning schemes, to implement the revised town planning schemes and to monitor and control the development activities in accordance with the revised development plan.Besides, it is responsible for the development of infrastructure like road, sewerage, water supply and other basic civic amenities. The AUDA has completed over a hundred projects under the TP system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13458896", "title": "Andhra Pradesh's excise minister Mopidevi arrested, quits cabinet", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI on Thursday effected the first high-profile arrest in the Jagan assets case by taking excise minister Mopidevi Venkataramana into custody and charging him with criminal conspiracy, fraud, criminal breach of trust and falsification of accounts, specifically pertaining to the Vanpic deal. Soon after, Mopidevi was produced before the CBI court at Nampally and remanded in judicial custody till June 7. However, the CBI was given custody for the first six days beginning Thursday evening during which period the minister will be confined to Dilkusha Guest House, the CBI's make-shift office.Mopidevi was arrested two hours after he appeared for questioning for the second successive day at Dilkusha Guest House. As if on cue, an aide of the excise minister handed over his resignation to chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy who in turn forwarded it to Raj Bhavan.Within minutes after the excise minister's arrest was flashed by TV channels, his supporters in his native Guntur district went on the offensive and damaged about 10 vehicles, destroyed furniture at a couple of government offices and attacked a police sub-inspector with one loyalist attempting immolation. In protest against the arrest, his hometown of Nizampatnam and Repelle assembly constituency that he represents observed a spontaneous bandh on Thursday and is slated to hold another on Friday.Soon after the arrest, the Congress distanced itself from Mopidevi, a pointer to the likely CBI action against the five other ministers who are linked to the Jagan assets case, namely Dharmana Prasada Rao, Sabita Indra Reddy, J Geeta Reddy, Ponnala Lakshmaiah and Kanna Lakshminarayana.\"In order to stave off criticism that only a BC leader (Mopidevi) has been arrested, Kiran Kumar Reddy is likely to press for the resignations of the other five ministers once the CBI calls them for questioning in the coming days,\" the sources said. However, after a late night meeting with the available ministers at his camp office on Thursday, the CM promised all legal support to the ministers being probed by the CBI.Realising the arrest of Mopidevi was in works, the chief minister advised the excise minister to submit his resignation when the latter called on him on Wednesday night. However, Mopidevi refused due to political considerations but kept a letter ready. He did walk into the CBI office on Thursday with a smiling face and waving at the media, but by the time he appeared before CBI special judge A Pullaiah in the evening, it was a crestfallen, dejected and tired Mopidevi.In view of the extensive media glare that the minister would be subjected to if he is made to commute between Chanchalguda Jail and the CBI office while under the custody of the investigating agency, Mopidevi's counsel requested the CBI judge to let his client remain at Dilkusha Guest House. And with the CBI not opposing this, the judge permitted accordingly.Elected from Repalle assembly constituency in Guntur as a second-term legislator in 2004, Mopidevi was made technical education minister by Y S Rajasekhara Reddy in 2007 and shifted to investments, infrastructure and ports in 2008, a charge he held till 2010 when Kiran Kumar shifted him to excise.As infrastructure, investments and ports minister, between July 2008 and July 2009, Mopidevi issued 11 GOs pertaining to the Vanpic project. The CBI has charged him with several violations pertaining to the concession agreement, land allocation and land acquisition for the 28,000-acre project in Guntur and Prakasam district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13464282", "title": "In US, you can\u2019t be tested for drugs sans nod", "text": "When George Michael was caught for possession of a small amount of cocaine in London in September 2008, he walked away with a word of caution from the police. A British officer said at the time that the former Wham! Frontman might have benefited from the \"circumstances and context\" of the case. But circumstances and context appear to hold less meaning in India, as actor Fardeen Khan found after cocaine was found on him in Mumbai in 2001. India's chasm with American law is even greater. The US constitution's Fourth Amendment requires the police to seek a person's consent before subjecting him or her to a test or search for drugs. Pamela Katz, law professor at Sage College, New York, said, \"The Fourth Amendment prohibits unreasonable search and seizure by the police. But the police do have powers for a limited search even without probable cause under certain circumstances.\" She said that in New York, the police, even if they were to raid a rave, would not be able to detain and send all partygoers present at the venue for drug tests, unless there was a probable cause that all of them had consumed drugs or unless all had consented to such testing . In a landmark 2001 ruling, the US supreme court had ruled that hospitals cannot test pregnant women for drugs without their consent , much less turn the results over to the police. The court ruled that under the Fourth Amendment, if a person did not agree to drug tests, a warrant would be necessary. In India, drug possession of any amount is a crime. Consumption, too, is considered such. However, the law considers addicts as victims and gives them a chance to clean up their act. Criminal charges are not pressed on first-time offenders, who have immunity from prosecution. But such people must volunteer for and complete a drug rehabilitation programme at a government centre. If they leave it halfway, they can face conviction for up to a year in prison. But immunity claims are not granted easily, say lawyers, mental health experts and civil rights activists . They are even opposed by the police. Often, the lower courts do not handle the cases sensitively. Drug laws are by far the most liberal in the Netherlands. It is at present the only country to distinguish between soft and hard drugs. Contrary to popular perception, the sale of cannabis in the Netherlands is still illegal. Around 700 coffee shops sell small amounts of soft drugs. But this April, the Dutch government barred such sales to tourists, a law that a court in Hague has upheld. A plan is to convert such shops into members-only clubs, where only Dutch citizens who are 18 and older can apply for membership. The court dismissed a lawsuit by shop owners, who has challenged the ban on the grounds that it was discriminatory. Experts at the United Nations Convention Against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs have observed that individual countries need not convict or punish a person who only acquires or possesses drugs for personal consumption and that the offence should be decriminalised. Criminal prosecutions may be substituted by alternative remedies, including civil penalties or treatment options. In the US, under the drug law, section 844a of the Controlled Substances Act does provide for civil penalties for possession of small amounts of drugs. The offence is not treated as a criminal offence and only fines are imposed. After three years, the person may even seek expunging the record after being tested drug-free . Drug prosecutions in the US are at the state level and only drug trafficking is dealt with under a stringent federal law. \"Each state has its own laws and some states like Massachusetts have decriminalised possession of small amounts of marijuana for personal use. It is still a violation, but not a felony or misdemeanour ,\" said Katz from her office in New York. In the UK, too, the anti-drug law, though strict and with provisions of punishment ranging from two years' imprisonment for soft drugs to seven years' imprisonment for possession of hard drugs like cocaine , often finds most drug offences are of unlawful possession. Only one in five people convicted of possession receive a custodial sentence and even fewer actually go to prison , with the majority of fines being \u00a350 or less, revealed one of the UK's leading independent centres of expertise on drugs and drug use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13475010", "title": "Kalakalappu to have a sequel", "text": "Director Sundar C's 25th outing Kalakalappu which had Vimal, Siva, Oviya, Anjali and Santhanam in the lead, is ringing the cash registers at the box office. Craving on its success, UTV Motion Pictures, the producers of Kalakalappu , have decided on a sequel to the movie.In a recent interview, Sundar C said that he was pretty confident on Kalakalappu and its success. On his plans on Kalakalappu 2 , he revealed that it will not exactly be a sequel and will have a different storyline and characterization.UTV Dhananjayan, on confirming Kalakalappu sequel said that his team is excited about the audience response and the sequel will go on floors in November. However, the director is yet to decide on the plot for his Kalakalappu 2 .Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13467611", "title": "More kids falling prey to tobacco", "text": "BANGALORE: Some 20 years ago, Gauramma, 51, a daily-wage labourer from Kanakapura, complained of acute toothache. Her neighbour suggested she put tobacco leaves on the aching tooth. She felt better, the pain almost vanished and thereafter Gauramma, as a precautionary measure, continued keeping tobacco on her teeth. She eventually became addicted to tobacco and developed cancer.Even while Gauramma remained unaware of the side-effects of chewing tobacco, the cancer spread through the food pipe to part of her stomach. It was detected only in the fourth stage and doctors had no option but to remove her food pipe. Gauramma has survived cancer for a year now, but she can only speak through her stomach. This after she was given speech-therapy lessons.As per the 2010 Global Adult Tobacco Survey, 40% of males and 16% females above the age of 15 use tobacco in Karnataka. About 37% of the state's population is exposed to passive smoking at public places and 8% boys and 2% girls in the age group of 13-15 are addicted to tobacco.With 'World No-Tobacco Day' to be observed on May 31, the consortium for tobacco control, Karnataka , with several government and private institutes and NGOs, have come forward to spread awareness against use of tobacco in Bangalore and Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13476742", "title": "Birthday boy Karan Johar gets his best birthday gift", "text": "The countdown to Karan Johar's much talked about 40th birthday party looks about to end, what with the whole of B-town gearing up to put in their best appearance at what promises to be the biggest bash ever.And while the industry readies itself for the revelry at a suburban five star tonight, not to mention the gifts they plan to shower on the filmmaker, we've learnt KJo has received the biggest and most cherished birthday gift that he will treasure his entire life. Johar has got a personalised poster of legendary Hollywood actress Meryl Streep, autographed by her.A source told , \"It was originally Garima Vohra's idea. She works with Dharma Productions and is aware that Karan is a huge fan of Streep. So, she got in touch with the office of 20th Century Fox since they had done My Name Is Khan together. The officials at the studio got in touch with Meryl and informed her that KJo is a huge fan. She was more than glad to send him a personalised autographed poster of hers.\"While the poster arrived a couple of days ago, it was presented to KJo on Thursday afternoon. KJo was so thrilled he couldn't believe it at first. He thanked Dharma and Garima in particular. When contacted, Karan Johar said, \"I am a huge fan of Meryl Streep and am overwhelmed to receive a personally addressed note.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13467895", "title": "Super 30 to open four centres in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Money will not come in the way of poor-but-meritorious students in realizing dreams anymore. It is for the first time that Bihar's unique Super 30 programme has spread it wings to four centres in Jharkhand.The entrance test for admission to Super 30 programme, under which 30 meritorious students who are financially deprived would be trained to crack the IIT-JEE, will now be held at four centres in the state.The entrance exams will be held at Ranchi, Jamshedpur, Bokaro and Dhanbad. \"Out of 27 poor students who cracked JEE this year, seven were from Jharkhand,\" said Anand Kumar, founder of Super-30.The tests will be held on June 12 in Ranchi at Sarswati Vidya Mandir, Morhabadi. Applications for the examination are available at PNB's Raj Hospital Complex branch in Ranchi from May 21.In Jamshedpur, the exam will be held on June 10 at Sarswati Shishu Vidya Mandir, Bag Bera. Forms can be obtained from Bistupur branch of Punjab National Bank. In Bokaro, the exam will be held on June 9, at Sarswati Vidya Mandir in Sector 3C. Forms can be obtained from PNB's Borako Steel City 4, Sector IV branch. In Dhanbad, the test will be held on June 11 at Rajkamal Saraswati Vidya Mandir, Ashok Nagar. Application forms are available from PNB's Katras Road branch.The form is available for Rs 60. A student has to fill up the form and arrive at respective centres with it. The admit card will be issued on the spot. Until recently students from Jharkhand used to come to Patna to take part in the test. \"It was difficult for the poor students to afford the expenses,\" said Anand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "13463411", "title": "Officials wake up to dengue deaths", "text": "DAVANAGERE: Heaps of garbage littered on the roadside, dried up water sources and people suffering from diseases due to unhygienic conditions awaited deputy commissioner S S Pattana Shetty, who along with the civil corporation authorities, visited the Rajiv Gandhi Nagar extension here on Wednesday.\"There is no sanitation; garbage is dumped in many places. There is scarcity of drinking water and the water available is not good to drink also,\" the residents complained.The DC and health department officials swung into action following the death of two siblings, Suchitra, 9, and Pavithra,7, who had been suffering from high fever for the past one week in the colony, on Tuesday. \"It was a suspected dengue case,\" said Dr Sumitra Devi, district health officer (DHO).\"As many as 29 suspected dengue cases have been reported in the district since April. However, 15 of them were confirmed dengue cases,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13464257", "title": "NDA, Left stir on May 31", "text": "MUMBAI: Reacting to the countrywide protests that have already begun against the petrol price hike, the BJP-led NDA on Thursday announced an all-India strike on May 31. It was also joined by the Left parties which announced a strike on the same day.The all-out protest by BJP will mark the beginning of the party's move to aggressively take on the Congress-led UPA. In his address at the national executive meet on Thursday, BJP chief Nitin Gadkari declared \"all problems in the country were being generated by the Congress and BJP will resolve them for the people\".The bandh was announceed by BJP leader L K Advani and JD(U) president Sharad Yadav as NDA's acting chairman and convener respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13458155", "title": "Senate committee cuts Pakistan aid over conviction", "text": "WASHINGTON: A Senate panel expressed its outrage Thursday over Pakistan's conviction of a doctor who helped the United States track down Osama bin Laden, cutting aid to Islamabad by $33 million- $1 million for every year of the physician's 33-year sentence for high treason.The punitive move came on top of deep reductions the Appropriations Committee had already made to President Barack Obama's budget request for Pakistan, a reflection of the growing congressional anger over its cooperation in combatting terrorism. The overall foreign aid budget for next year had slashed more than half of the proposed assistance and threatened further reductions if Islamabad fails to open overland supply routes to U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan.Pushing aside any diplomatic talk, Republicans and Democrats criticized Pakistan one day after the conviction of Shakil Afridi. The doctor ran a vaccination program for the CIA to collect DNA and verify bin Laden's presence at the compound in Abbottabad where U.S. commandos found and killed the al-Qaida leader in May 2011.The United States has called for Afridi's release, arguing that he was acting in the interest of the United States and Pakistan.``We need Pakistan, Pakistan needs us, but we don't need Pakistan double-dealing and not seeing the justice in bringing Osama bin Laden to an end,'' said Sen. Lindsey Graham , a Republican who pushed for the additional cut in aid.He called Pakistan ``a schizophrenic ally,'' helping the United States at one turn, but then aiding the Haqqani network which has claimed responsibility for several attacks on Americans. The group also has ties to al-Qaida and the Taliban .``It's Alice in Wonderland at best,'' said Sen. Patrick Leahy , a Democrat, ``If this is cooperation, I'd hate like hell to see opposition.''One of the most forceful statements came from Sen. Dianne Feinstein , a Democrat, who also serves that the chairman of the Intelligence Committee. She pointed out that Pakistan has suffered at the hands of terrorists yet misconstrued what is treason in convicting Afridi. She also insisted that Afridi was not a spy.``This is a very sad day,'' she said.The committee approved Graham's amendment to cut the assistance by $33 million on a 30-0 vote.In crafting the overall legislation, the committee reduced Obama's request to aid Pakistan by 58 percent as resentment and doubts linger on Capitol Hill a year after bin Laden was killed deep inside Pakistan. Tensions between Washington and Islamabad have increased as Pakistan closed overland supply routes to Afghanistan after a U.S. attack on the Pakistani side of the border killed 24 Pakistani soldiers in November.The United States and Pakistan failed to resolve the issue at the recent NATO summit in Chicago .Members of the Senate committee also complained about mafia-style extortion by Pakistan in seeking truck fees in exchange for opening the supply lines. The cost had been $250 per truck prior to the attack. Pakistan is now demanding $5,000 per truck. The United States has countered at $500.The bill would provide just under $1 billion in aid to Pakistan, including $184 million for State Department operations and $800 million for foreign assistance. Counterinsurgency money for Pakistan would be limited to $50 million.The legislation also conditions the counterinsurgency aid on Pakistan reopening the supply routes.Islamabad won't get any of the funds for counterinsurgency or money in prior legislation unless the secretary of state certifies to the Appropriations committees that ``the government of Pakistan has reopened overland cargo routes available to support United States and North Atlantic Treaty Organization troops in Afghanistan, and funds appropriated under this heading can be used efficiently and effectively by the end of the fiscal year,'' the legislation saysIf the secretary can't certify to Congress, the money would be transferred to other accounts.The overall legislation would fund the State Department, foreign operations and other programs at $52.1 billion, which is $2.6 billion less than what Obama requested for the 2013 fiscal year beginning Oct. 1 and $1.2 billion below current spending.The panel also cut money Obama proposed for Iraq by 77 percent, citing the deteriorating security situation there. The bill would provide $1.1 billion for Iraq, including $582 million in foreign assistance but no money for the police development program.The panel also cut $5 million from the $250 million in economic assistance for Egypt . Graham said it equaled the amount the U.S. spent to get non-government workers out earlier this year, including Sam LaHood, son of Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood .Wading into the dispute over Palestinian refugees, the panel approved a version of an amendment from Sen. Mark Kirk , a Republican, that would require the secretary of state to submit a report to Congress on the number of Palestine refugees who were displaced by the 1948 Arab-Israeli conflict, the number of descendants and who receives assistance from the United Nations Relief and Works Agency.The issue of whether to count refugees and their descendants is a divisive one. Some 5 million Palestine refugees receive assistance from the U.N. agency. A third of registered refugees live in camps in Jordan, Lebanon, Syria , the Gaza Strip and the West Bank.The State Department and Jordan opposed the original Kirk amendment and it was modified by Leahy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13473371", "title": "Private schools to be penalised for not implementing RTE: Govt", "text": "CHANDIGARH, May 24 (PTI) The Punjab Government has decided to initiate punitive measures against private schools which had not filled 25 per cent seats with the poor students under Right to Education Act.Affiliation of all these private schools would be cancelled and a fine of Rs 1 lakh would be imposed on them, education minister Sikander Singh Maluka said here on Thursday.Records of all private schools, specifically mentioning the seats filled with poor students under RTE, have been sought from District Education Officers, he said.Chief minister Parkash Singh Badal has personally instructed all departments of Punjab Government to ensure implementation of policies structured for uplift of the downtrodden and poor families, Maluka said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13462969", "title": "Panjab University students protest, say paper out of syllabus", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Within a span of only eight days, another major goof has marred the examination system of Panjab University (PU), as on Thursday semester II exam of forensic science department had come out of syllabus. Students protested and submitted a memorandum with the department head.Semester II students, enrolled in the diploma of forensic sciences and criminology course, had their exam of \"Fundamental of Forensic Physical Science\" on Thursday. However, students were left surprised after seeing that all the five questions had come from the syllabus of semester I.Students brought this matter to the notice of the invigilator who called the subject teacher in the examination hall. High drama prevailed and students also staged a protest against this anomaly. However, authorities concerned told the students to return blank answer sheets to the invigilator. \"It's very surprising. How can they distribute wrong question paper? PU officials are not at all serious when it comes to taking examinations and checking answer sheets. We have submitted a memorandum with the department head, requesting him to again schedule this exam on a new date,\" said a victim student, who declined to be named. Thirteen students are enrolled in this diploma course. Earlier, on May 17, the question paper of fundamental of forensic sciences was also out of syllabus. Besides, few weeks back, a 10-mark fill in the blank question was published with all the answers filled in the question paper of another subject of a science stream.Department head professor A K Sinha said he has further sent the memorandum of the students to the controller of examination professor A K Bhandari. \"However, I cannot tell whether the question paper was out of syllabus or not,\" pointed out Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "13463846", "title": "Feticide graffiti: Traders invite kids to paint walls", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: The city is sure to see much more of the public convenience in Sarabha Nagar market, which has suddenly become the topic of many conversations in the city with its painting against female feticide. Following the lead of the mystery artist behind the graffiti, the market association has decided to invite school students to use up other walls of the public convenience and paint more social issues.The association announced that it will provide paints, refreshments and gift hampers to the participating children. TOI had on Monday, highlighted the painting of a girl with messages like 'Let me see the world too' that had suddenly appeared on the wall and the curiosity it created.Wang Lenn, chairman of Sarabha Nagar main market said, ''I had never before given a second glance to the public convenience but the painting caught my attention like it did others' too. So we decided to invite school kids to fill up the other walls too with art on social issues because it is a great way of making people think.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "country homes", "code": "13463886", "title": "Gardens leave country homes cooler", "text": "COUNTRY HOMES: Indulging in their love for gardening is paying off residents of Country Homes, where the summer's fury is lesser by a few degrees than the rest of the city. Among the city's posh areas, Country Homes in South City area boasts of a large variety of foliage with most residents maintaining a private garden or lawn.Saloni Chopra, a fashion designer staying in the area, said she had measured the temperature in her house with a standard thermometer and found it 2-3 degrees celsius lesser than the city's temperature. ''I am convinced it is because of all the trees we have surrounding our home. My husband Pankaj and I take special care of our garden and we have many ornamental trees including silver oak and bottle palms, apart from fruit trees and flowering plants. Like us most residents of Country Homes have planted trees around their house because of which we are feeling the heat a little lesser than others,'' she said.Lally Sandhu, a retired defence personnel who also maintains a beautiful garden in the area, said the density of trees in the area has also kept air pollution at bay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13460489", "title": "Crop relief funds disbursal begins", "text": "NAGPUR: The revenue department has already begun disbursing compensation money to farmers from the Rs 2000 crore relief package announced by the government in winter session. Every soyabean farmer chosen would get Rs 2000 per hectare up to maximum two hectares . In Wardha district, out of the 1.73 lakh ha only 1.50 lakh ha has been chosen for compensation. In Nagpur district, out of 2.37 lakh hectares, 2.33 lakh hectares would be compensated followed by Chandrapur which will get a compensation for 1.49 lakh hectares. Bhandara and Gadchiroli, which grow less soyabean, stand to benefit for only 6600 hectares and 1200 hectares respectively.Cotton farmers stand to benefit more as they would get Rs 4000 per hectare but only up to two hectares maximum. The entire area under cotton (about 3.74 lakh hectares) would be compensated. The compensation will include 1.65 lakh hectares in Wardha, 1.2 lakh hectares in Chandrapur, 1.6 lakh hectares in Nagpur and remaining in Gadchiroli district.Joint director of agriculture for Nagpur division J C Bhutada said this year area under cotton may decrease by at least 10% as farmers were preferring soyabean followed by black gram. This year, there would be no shortage of fertilizers as there was enough stock. \"In fact, farmers may not have to buy fertilizers from the shops. We have formed farmers groups who would be directly buying from the company. When the rake reaches a station, instead of transporting it to dealers the company will now directly reach it to farmers,\" said the superintending agriculture officer for Nagpur division R B Chalwade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13477341", "title": "Sanath Jayasuriya\u2019s look in Jhalaak Dikhhla Jaa", "text": "The heat is on and the stage is set to sizzle and dazzle as twelve contestants are ready to compete with one another to win the coveted prize in season 5 of Jhalaak Dikhhla Jaa on Colors TV.After Pratyusha aka Anandi's glamorous avatar on the show, it's time for former Sri Lankan cricketer Sanath Jayasuriya to show off his dancing skills. Jayasuriya looks dapper in a white suit, white hat and golden jacket and from his look on air promos, the man can certainly dance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13467458", "title": "Cong seizes chance to take on DV Sadananda Gowda govt", "text": "BANGALORE: Sensing public anger against the BJP, the Congress on Thursday launched Janandolana, a campaign against the central party's alleged failure in giving good governance and rampant corruption.The rally began at Freedom Park here and it'll be extended across the state. KPCC chief G Parameshawara alleged that the administration had come to a standstill and demanded a white paper on the financial position of the state. Opposition leader in the legislative assembly Siddaramaiah said there was no security for government officials under the BJP government referring to the recent murders of audit officer S P Mahantesh and forest official H Madan Nayak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13462591", "title": "Railway technician found dead on tracks", "text": "MYSORE: A employee attached to railway workshop, who had been missing since May 19, has allegedly committed suicide by jumping in front of a moving train near a level crossing on KRS Road.According to railway police, the deceased has been identified as Shankarlinge Gowda, 56, a technician at the workshop. He was found dead on the track at 10.30am on Thursday. In his death note, Gowda has said that no one is responsible for his death. Railway police are suspecting that Gowda may have taken the drastic step either on Wednesday night or on Thursday, and debt as the reason.Gowda's son Prashanth, who is also an employee of the workshop, had filed a missing complaint at Ashoka Puram police station on May 19 night. Gowda is a resident of Vidyaranyapuram and is survived by his wife and two sons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13459942", "title": "Nagpur police suspends tainted cops", "text": "NAGPUR: City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay has suspended two cops who were trapped while accepting money by the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB), on Wednesday.Assistant police inspector Santosh Singh Thakur and assistant sub-inspector Ramesh Upadhyay, both attached to the Yashodhara Nagar police station, were caught red-handed on Monday while accepting Rs 10,000 bribe from a complainant to ensure that his son was not arrested in a case of rioting and assault.Dhanvijay had earlier dismissed two constables who were involved in an illicit relation despite one of them being married. An offence was also registered in the matter at the Sakkardara police station.After the completion of enquiry and formalities, the CP had issued an order of dismissal against both. He had expressed his intention to take stringent action against the erring personnel. \"We do not want to go soft on indiscipline and corruption in the department,\" said Dhanvijay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13465098", "title": "Petrol price hike will net Maharashtra Rs 300 crore", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as consumers have protested against the steep hike in petrol prices, the cash-strapped Congress-NCP government in Maharashtra can expect to be richer by a minimum of Rs 300 crore in 2012-13 due to the hike. The money will come in through the additional sales tax the state will collect on the enhanced petrol price.A senior finance department official said that if chief minister Prithviraj Chavan desires , he could reduce the additional burden on consumers. \"Chavan could place a proposal before the cabinet to lower the Value Added Tax (VAT) on petrol and provide relief for the aam aadmi,\" the official said. \"When we presented the budget estimates for 2012-13 , the proposed petrol price hike was not taken into consideration. So if Chavan took this bold step, he could reduce the sales tax on petrol and provide relief to the common man.\"However, Chavan, who was in Mahabaleshwar in Satara district on Thursday, told mediapersons that a reduction in VAT on petrol was unlikely. He said the cabinet would consider a reduction, but any immediate relief may not be possible because funds are required to fight the drought-like situation in the state.Speaking at a function to lay the foundation stone of the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology's High Altitude Cloud Physics Laboratory, C h ava n s a i d , \"The reduction in VAT on petrol will be considered at the cabin e t m e e t i n g . However, this year it will be difficult to reduce VAT in view of the drought-like situation in the state. There is expenditure on several drought-related and developmental works.\" He said the VAT on petrol was not high when compared to other states. The rise in the petrol price was inevitable due to an increase in import bills and depreciation of the rupee, he said.The finance official said that, in the current year, the state expects to mobilize Rs 57,000 crore through VAT, of which Rs 4,000 crore would come from VAT on petrol. \"The sales tax department will mobilize an additional Rs 300 crore in the current year owing to the hike in petrol prices,\" the official said.\"We are levying a 25% VAT on petrol, which is less than in most states. In fact, the sales tax on petrol in most BJP-ruled states is much higher than in Maharashtra,\" he said. In Madhya Pradesh , it is 30.04%, Karnataka 31.25%, Punjab 32.62% and Rajasthan 28.9%. \"All state governments could come together and decide on a uniform VAT on petrol,\" he said.A senior Congress minister said that the state government should either pressure the Centre to reduce the hike or cut the sales tax. \"Last month, when oil companies hiked petrol prices, we reduced the sales tax to some extent , but the reduction was meagre. Now, we can take a major step to provide relief to the common man. The economy won't be adversely impacted, since the additional income was never budgeted for,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13460400", "title": "Two malaria deaths in Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation areas", "text": "PUNE: Two malaria deaths have been reported in Pimpri-Chinchwad this year, though health officials claim that the victims were not from Pune district and that they landed up at the civic-run YCM hospital only after their conditions worsened.\"Forty-year-old Mohan Prayag Mahato, a resident of Somatne Phata, died on May 6. Before being brought to YCM hospital on May 4, he took treatment at a private hospital on Chakan road where he had tested positive for the P falciparum strain of malaria on May 3. At the time of admission, Mahato was drowsy, disoriented and had less urine output. He died at 1.30 pm on May 6,\" said Milind Jawale, medical officer of Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC).In another case, 25-year-old Venubai Gajanan Hake, a resident of Jyotibanagar, Talawade, died of the mosquito-borne infection on March 23. \"Hake was admitted to YCM on March 23. She had high-grade fever with chills with jaundice. She died at 10 am on March 6,\" Jalwale said. As per the civic body records, both the patients were from outside the Pimpri Chinchwad area. \"Mahato hails from Jharkhand and Hake was a resident of village Patan in Chandrapur district,\" the medical officer said.The state has recorded over 13,000 positive cases of malaria and three deaths between January and April this year. The rural parts of Pune recorded 86 cases while the PMC and the PCMC recorded 13 and 36 cases respectively during the period.\"Temperature up to 30 degrees celsius and humidity above 70% are favourable for mosquito-breeding. That is one of the reasons why malaria cases go up during pre-monsoon season,\" said V D Khanande, joint director (malaria) of the state health services. As many as 545 people have succumbed to malaria in the last three years. In 2011, there were 118 deaths as against 200 the previous year and 227 in 2009. Experts said it is impossible to control mosquito-breeding and bring down malaria without active participation from people.Meanwhile, health activists attached to various NGOs said the number of malaria, dengue and chikungunya cases represent just the tip of the iceberg. A majority of the cases remain unreported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13459470", "title": "Petrol price demon stalks homes", "text": "KOLKATA: Pocket calculators are out in lakhs of homes across the city to cut corners and fit in the garangutan petrol bill. For a majority, it's almost a battle for survival, while for others, it's the end of the dream to own a four-wheeler.Twenty-seven-year-old Sneha Tiwari, a teacher, has been saving up for years to buy a Nano. Wednesday's petrol price hike came as shock. She can afford the car, but not the petrol bill, she says. An internet joke that started during last year's fuel price hike has become a bitter reality for her.\"I wanted to buy a low-end car and Nano suited my budget. But now I must wait for I can't afford the petrol which has got more expensive. I need to save more money,\" the Howrah resident said after calculating the costs of her daily run and the trips to Kolkata.Like Sneha, hundreds from the middle-income group have been forced to shelve their plans to buy a car. Yet others are cutting down car usage to save on their petrol bills. \"Monthly kharcha badh jaayega (Monthly expenses are going to rise now). They increased the prices last year in November and now again this year. They need to control it,\" said Shivkumar Jalan, a businessman and a resident of Chinar park.Jalan owns a Maruti Suzuki Zen and travels 40 km a day on an average. He is thinking of using public transport on some days of the week. \"I will have to keep a watch on my petrol bill. I will definitely avoid using my car for short distance journeys,\" he said.Subhendu Mukherjee, an executive, is also cutting down on his car travel. \"The petrol expenses will be too steep for me to manage comfortably. Since I own two cars, I plan to use them more judiciously now. We will perhaps be using one at a time now. Family members will have to share a car if they are travelling in the same direction,\" he said.Kalyan Sen, a retitred central government officer said the hike has hit the middle-class hard. \"In any case, people like me can't afford to use a car regularly. Now, I will have to reduce it even further. At this rate, using a car even twice a week will be difficult. I seriously contemplating a shift to public transport. I guess many are thinking on similar lines,\" Sen said.Marketing executives, whose lives depend on how many miles they can burn up on their two-wheelers, are shattered. \"I cover 60-70km a day on my 100cc bike, which means my fuel costs will go up by at least Rs 500 a month. I wonder if I can afford it,\" said medical representative Surajit Anand.Those who wanted to buy four-wheelers are forced to settle for two-wheelers instead. The better mileage is a big incentive. \"I travel by bus or shuttle-taxi. We were planning to buy a car, probably a Santro. But I'd rather buy a motorcycle now,\" said Mark Abdul, a marketing consultant with a Salt Lake firm.Businessman Shri Bhagwan Singh does not know how to control his travel expenses. He needs to commute around 70 km every day. \"The new fuel bill will burn a hole in my pocket. Honestly, I don't know how I am going to manage,\" he said.For Chhaya Jain of Behala, a freelance beautician, travelling by car is a necessity. She owns a Hyundai Verna. The petrol price hike has her worried. \"I need to review my monthly budget now as I have to accommodate the fuel expenses,\" said Jain.Even fuel stations were worried about a drop in sales in the city, \"Petrol prices have never shot up like this. We sell around 140,000 litres every month but this time we do anticipate a drop in the sale. After the price hike in 2011, our sales dropped by 10-20%,\" said Pradip Nag of a fuel outlet at New Alipore.The maddening pre-midnight queues at petrol pumps on Wednesday were nowhere to be seen Thursday. \"The fuel station generally closes at 10pm but we kept it open till midnight yesterday. But since this morning, we have seen only two or three cars coming in. Despite the price hike, people are not going to stop driving their cars or bikes. They are bound to pay more, but it is going to tough on most of us,\" said Ashok Singh who works at a fuel station near CR Avenue where the BJP staged a protest against the petrol-price hike.Demonstartions were staged at the Howrah bridge which remained blocked for about 45 minutes on Thursday morning. Traffic was paralysed and thrown out of gear. At SN Banerjee Road, too, BJP staged a roadblock cutting the arterial road off for more than half-an-hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13459571", "title": "Water supply still raises a stink in Bholakpur", "text": "HYDERABAD: Complaints of polluted and smelly water continue to pour in from residents of Bholakpur, clearly showing that the Water Board has not learnt any lessons from the tragic death of 11 people from this locality due to contaminated water three years ago.Bholakpur division corporator, S Mohammed Wajid Hussain, who is maintaining a register where complaints lodged by locals are being noted down, says, \"Water problem persists in the area. This summer season has seen several residents coming forward with not only complaints of water supply but also poor sanitation.\"The complaints are being forwarded to Water Board officials for redressal. Residents fume that the officials have failed to take any concrete steps in this direction and they are left to face this problem everyday.A resident (door no. 1-4-877/2) of Indira Nagar has complained about polluted water supply on April 5, while another from the same locality too noted down a similar complaint on April 9. Yet another (door no. 1-4-586/18) complained that foul smell was coming from water supplied through public taps located at Indira Nagar and was not fit for consumption. A hotel owner lodged a complaint on May 14 regarding supply of water contaminated with sewage.When contacted, HMWS&SB; managing director Adhar Sinha said, \"I will alert officials in charge of Bholakpur division and see that the complaints are solved on top priority. A special team will be going to Bholakpur on Friday to verify the facts on water pollution. I will also verify the water quality report, which is issued by the Institutive of Preventive Medicine (IPM). If possible, we will collect the water samples and send them to check in the lab.\"Also, some tannery godowns in the locality are still to close shop here despite government directing the units to relocate.\"After the contamination deaths in 2009, steps were taken to overhaul the water supply system. A main feeder line was laid at a cost of Rs 51 lakh and connected to the existing distribution system at three locations and the service connections of a few houses were replaced with new pipelines,\" a senior HMWS&SB; official explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13458547", "title": "GAIL plans LNG line to Kochi Refinery, Fertilizers and Chemicals Travancore Ltd", "text": "KOCHI: Public sector GAIL India Ltd is planning to lay a regassified LNG (Liquefied Natural Gas) pipeline from the upcoming Petronet LNG project over a distance of 32.4 km from Puthuvype to the Kochi Refinery premises in Ambalamugal. The dedicated pipeline, which will be a spur (or feeder) line from GAIL's main gas pipeline, will require estimated investments of Rs 320 crore and is intended to serve as a fuel link for Kochi Refinery, FACT (Fertilizers and Chemicals Travancore Ltd) and Hindustan Organic Chemicals Ltd (HOCL), sources aware of the project plan said. It is understood that the proposed pipeline will have a capacity of 20 Million Metric Standard Cubic Meter Per Day (MMSCMD). \"The planned pipeline will constitute a part of GAIL's dedicated supplementary gas infrastructure to the main gas trunk pipeline it is currently working on,\" sources said.The pipeline infrastructure will be laid out in two segments - a pipeline of 30-inch diameter from Puthuvype to FACT's premises in Udyogamandal near Kochi, and a second 18-inch section of pipeline from Udyogamandal to Kochi Refinery's Ambalamugal premises. \"The first section which will terminate at FACT will be extended to HOCL. The project will, thereby, serve as a cost-effective fuel link to all three organizations,\" sources said. GAIL is currently in the process of laying gas trunk lines on the Kochi-Bangalore and Kochi-Mangalore routes while simultaneously working on setting up its 5- Million Metric Tonnes Per Annum (MMTPA) LNG terminal at Puthuvype in Kochi by Petronet LNG at an estimated outlay of Rs 4,000 crore. When completed, this will be India's fourth LNG terminal and the first in South India.The proposed Kochi-Koottanad-Bangalore-Mangalore pipeline will pass through Kerala, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu. \"We had faced some local opposition to the placement of the pipeline -- from the co-operative medical college, FACT and other parties -- but have surmounted these glitches,\" a government official added.Among associated projects, a 120-km pipeline is planned under the sea from Puthuvype to Kayamkulam to provide gas to an NTPC unit there. Plans are afoot to transport the gas to Thiruvananthapuram as well. The main gas pipeline from the terminal will have a number of spur lines laid to service the feed requirements of various industries and projects GAIL has signed up with various public sector bodies as part of developing a natural gas infrastructure for Kerala.GAIL Gas Ltd has entered into a distribution agreement with Kerala State Industrial Development Corp to form Kerala Gail Gas Ltd (KGGL), a joint venture, to take up projects such as city gas distribution, setting up of CNG stations for KSRTC buses, establishment of a Gas Training Institute, laying of spur lines from GAIL's main pipeline, and setting up small gas-based small power generating plants, among others. Investments for the KGGL project are estimated at Rs 2,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13461547", "title": "Commission in place to shore up education, sports quality", "text": "BHOPAL: The Sports and Youth Welfare Department has formed 'Madhya Pradesh Yuva Aayog' with the objective of improving the quality of education and improving the condition of sports in the state. The commission will also chalk out a plan for providing better employment opportunities to youths in the state.Talking about the commission, director sports, Shailendra Shrivastava said the commission aims at helping youth provide best possible opportunities in their career. \"We wanted to form a comprehensive policy for youth. The sports department took the initiative for overall development of youths in the state,\" Shrivastava said.\"The commission will submit two reports to state government in October and April every year. The important aspect of the commission is that it is not limited to one or two sectors. The commission will offer recommendations on talent search, providing information about the employment opportunities available, updating youths on latest trends and changes in the society among others,\" Shrivastava told TOI.The commission will be a recommendatory body with sports minister as its chairman. Principle secretary or secretary of sports department will be the vice-chairman of the commission. In order to give broader shape to the commission, other members will be secretaries of important departments, including finance, tourism, culture, agriculture, fisheries, animal husbandry, school education, panchayat and rural development, higher education , science and technology, women and child development and public health.The tenure of the commission will be of two years. The annual general meeting of the commission will be organised in June.Asked about the commission working, Shrivastava said secretary of the commission would have the authority to spend up to Rs 1 lakh in any emergency. \"In case of expenditure crossing Rs 1 lakh, secretary will have to take the permission from the chairman,\" Shrivastava, who is the ex-officio secretary of the commission said. The commission will meet in every four months to prepare the report.The commission will publish its findings in newspapers and magazines. \"This will help youth choose career, learning facilities about sports and others,\" Shrivastava added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13486075", "title": "SC stays removal of Odisha consumer forum chief", "text": "NEW DELHIl The Supreme Court on Thursday stayed a Odisha government notification removing A K Samantray, a former judge of Orissa high court, from the post of president, State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission.Arguing for Samantray, senior advocate Mukul Rohatgi said the state consumer forum president could be removed only after the state sent a reference and consequent inquiry by the chief justice of the high court into allegations of corruption or misconduct.\"This procedure was given a complete go-by,\" he said.A bench of Justices Deepak Verma and S J Mukhopadhaya stayed the Naveen Patnaik government's May 9 notification removing Samantray from the post and sought the state's response.Samantray, through counsel Ashok Panigrahi, pleaded that the \"manner in which the petitioner had been removed from the post of president of the state commission by the government without any inquiry was illegal, arbitrary and in flagrant violation of the principles of natural justice\".The removal resulted from the adverse remarks passed by the HC while hearing a PIL alleging irregular functioning of district consumer forums and the state consumer commission.The petitioner said, \"The state government failed to understand that the high court had never directed his removal from the post of president of the state commission.\"The state government, to save its skin from possible contempt proceedings, had issued the May 9 notification without even bothering to conduct any inquiry or referring the matter to the HC for an inquiry into the alleged irregularities, he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13462012", "title": "Centre sets up new panel to identify poor", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the public outcry over the controversial Rs 28 a day poverty formulation, the Planning Commission has put the poverty debate in a deep freeze with the government setting up yet another expert group to take a relook at the existing methodology to determine the number of poor in the country.The decision, taken under public pressure, can be interpreted as rejection of the Tendulkar Committee report based on which the plan panel highlighted that poverty had come down by around 7% during UPA rule.The panel was slammed by opposition parties after it released data in March showing a fall in poverty ratio to 29.8% in 2009-10 from 37.2% in 2004-05, based on Rs 28.65 per capita daily consumption in urban areas and Rs 22.42 in rural areas.The setting up of a new committee within a year of adopting Tendulkar Committee's recommendations is seen as the government's bid to divert public attention from the emotive issue. Though it was said officially that there will not be any time limit in view of the task's enormity, the government expects the report in nine months.Considering that the report will have to be harmonized with the socio-economic census, it is unlikely that the new model will be available before the next general elections.The move is also seen as a snub to the panel's deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia who had tried hard to defend the Tendulkar methodology and poverty estimates released in March. Ahluwalia has kept himself at a distance from the fresh move, led by MoS planning, Ashwini Kumar.Ironically, even members of the plan panel were missing from Kumar's press conference where he announced the new group.The technical group, headed by chairman of the PM's Economic Advisory Council C Rangarajan, will have members including Dr Mahendra Dev, director, Indira Gandhi Institute of Development Research; Dr K Sundaram, formerly of Delhi School of Economics; Dr Mahesh Vyas of Centre of Monitoring Indian Economy and Dr K L Datta, ex-adviser, Planning Commission.The group is mandated to review the existing methodology and examine whether the poverty line should be fixed solely in terms of a consumption basket or whether other criteria should also be considered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "13464601", "title": "Japanese men getting fatter, women thinner", "text": "TOKYO: Japan is facing a queer problem - men are getting fatter by the year while women are getting thinner.Latest estimates released by the country's cabinet office on Wednesday says that 31.2% men aged 20-60 years are presently obese (body mass index over 25) as against 25.3% in 1995. In comparsion the ministry of health, labour and welfare's 2010 National health and nutrition survey found that 29% of women in the 20s were too thin (body mass index less than 18.5). Infact just five years before (2005), 21.9% women in their 20s were found to be too thin.Obesity rates among women have therefore dipped substantially over the last 15 years. While over 26% women in the 20-60 year category were obese in 1995, the figure fell to 24.6% in 2005 and 22.2% in 2010. Speaking to TOI, Fukue Seino from the office of Shokuiku promotion in the cabinet office said, \"A misconception exists among young Japanese women that being thin means being beautiful. \"According to Seino, the ministry of health has therefore been focusing specially on impressing young women about the health benefits of maintaining a normal body weight. On the other hand, the ministry of agriculture has launched a campaign called Eating Serious.\"All fashion and trendy magazines in Japan are now carrying ads by the government warning women against the risks of being too thin. It has also been scientifically proven that thin women have low birth weight babies,\" Seino added.Meanwhile Japan - otherwise known for being a nation of physically fit people, is facing a serious threat from obesity and its resulting non communicable diseases like cancer, diabetes and heart diseases.A huge focus is now being put on the concept of Shokuiku (food education) in the country. The government has set itself several new targets under the second five year national Shokuiku plan that kicks off from June 1, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13478903", "title": "Uthara Unni makes her debut in Mollywood", "text": "Uthara Unni, daughter of actor Urmila Unni, makes her debut in Malayalam films with Lenin Rajendran's 'Edavappathi - No Man's Land'. The film has Siddhartha Lama playing the male lead and the cast also includes yesteryear Bollywood heroine Manisha Koirala .Uthara has done a Tamil film earlier, which has not released yet. She has also done a few ad films and hopes to make an impact with her debut film in Malayalam, where she gets a chance to work with such legends like director 'Lenin Rajendran' and cinematographer 'Madhu Ambat'.Siddhartha Lama makes his comeback in Malayalam after 20 years. He was earlier seen in the laugh riot 'Yoddha' as the kid named 'Rinpoche'. 'Edavappathi' talks about the plight of the Tibetan refugees who have been denied entry into their territory.Source: 2dmovie.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13459395", "title": "AC makers struggle to meet piling orders", "text": "KOLKATA: If anybody is likely to be happy about the rising mercury, it is none other than the AC manufacturers and dealers. With the average temperatures hovering around the soaring up to 40 degree Celsius, and high discomfort levels owing to the humid conditions, people are thronging to making a beeline for ACs and air coolers in various electronics outlets across the city for ACs and air coolers .The increased demand has led to Some brands are meeting a production deficit. Hence, some brands have upped the prices to be able to handle the demand better. due to the excessive demand for air conditioners this summer, which has boosted the price tags of ACs.Some outlets in like Khosla Electronics, Behala branch and Great Eastern in Dalhousie have witnessed an increased demand of air conditioners this year, with sales rising by 25% since last year. \"Due to the excessive heat, people are buying ACs like never before. Even air coolers are in good deamd this season. Due to production shortage, we are running out on stocks. Even air coolers have a good demand this season,\" said Subroto Sarkar, a salesman at a leading electronic store in Khosla Electronics, Behala. Orders are being booked in advance but the shops have specified that the product would take at least a week to get delivered. However, split ACs are more in demand as compared to window ACs, primarily due to shortage of space in modern homes.Priced between Rs 17,000 and Rs 47,000, the market value and VAT (Value Added Tax) of these appliances have gone up in 2012. Thus, ACs are now costlier by Rs 2000. at Great Eastern with the minimum price at Rs.24000, due to the acute demands.But some shops in the city are yet to be hit by the production shortage. They are, however, faced with a different problem. Though the deliveries have been made in time but there is an acute shortage of mechanics. Households are yet to enjoy their luxury buy as it would take a minimum of seven to 10 days before the mechanic can visit them and install the AC. time However, this outlet has not experienced the production and supply crunch as yet, unlike Khosla Electronics.Ashish Mitra, a businessman doesn't mind shelling out more bucks while purchasing an AC, as the sultry heat continues its onslaught. \"With temperatures shooting up with every passing day, it's impossible to survive the heat without an AC. Moreover, my mother is a cardiac patient who finds it tough to deal with the unbearable heat,\" he said.Hitachi, Samsung , LG, Panasonic, Haier etc are ruling the roost currently. Air coolers are rolling off the shelves steadily too. Prosanto Ghosh, manager of an electronics outlet, said: \"Both air coolers and ACs are hot favourites of customers, with about 70 to 90 pieces being sold per day. But ACs have greater sales as compared to coolers though they cost much lesser, Rs.5000 to Rs.7000 while ACs cost upto Rs.47000, starting from Rs.24000.\" He added that the humid weather conditions of Kolkata can be combated better, if one is eqipped with an air-conditioner which is much effective than air coolers in this regard.A large number of ACs have already been added to the city's AC account. CESC officials said that there has been a quantum leap in power demand. On Thursday, power demand at noon was 1737MW. This is 200MW more than last year's demand around this time of the day. The demand shot up to 1862MW by 3.30pm, barely 1MW less than Wednesday's demand, observed officials. the demand the demand for power has catapulted by 80 to 100 MW this year due to maximum use of office and home air-conditioners, according a TOI report on Friday. The demand has risen upto 1820 to 1825 MW in 2012, and it is estimated that by the Pujas, the peak demand will touch the 1900 MW mark.Harmony House, an electronics showroom in Park Street, are not facing paucity in production, unlike Khosla. As the outlet was non-operational for the last two months due to renovation, the market for ACs for them was \"slowly rising\". \"Though this showroom was dormant for sometime, yet I find that this year, ACs have higher demand. Window ACs cost about Rs.14990 to Rs 33000, though split ACs are more popular,\" said Anirban Chakroborty, a senior officer at the store. AC machines weighing two tonnes cost Rs.33000, while those weighing 1 ton are much cheaper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13463322", "title": "Distribution of iron folic acid tablets suspended for 10 days", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state health department on Thursday suspended the distribution of iron folic acid (IFA) tablets under a special healthcare programme for adolescent girl students in collaboration with Unicef for 10 days after more than 1,000 girls were taken ill in Sonitpur and Darrang districts on Wednesday morning after consuming the tablet.Health minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said here on Thursday, \"We are suspending the programme for 10 days to assess the situation and for the inquiry to be completed. This is a vital health programme for the adolescent girl and it should continue.\"The health minister said that the special programme was started after the National Female Health Survey III reported that 69% females in the state between the age 15 and 50 are anaemic. \"The high percentage of anaemic females is one of the prime causes of the high maternal mortality rate in the state,\" he said.The distribution programme is organised by the directorate of secondary education and National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) in collaboration with Unicef. According to Unicef, the tablet has to be consumed once a week for 12 months, the minister said.The minister said the main cause of the girls falling sick was consumption of the tablet on empty stomach and panicked reaction. \"There are accepted side effects of consumption of the folic acid tablets and all stakeholders have been sanitized on these effects well in advance through counseling and distribution of booklets produced by Unicef,\" he said.On the very day of the programme, several students showed symptoms of dizziness, headache and vomiting after consuming the tablet.\"My advice is that the girls should continue to use this tablet. This tablet is certified in national laboratories but we will get them certified again and I have issued instructions to Guwahati Medical College authorities on this,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13458455", "title": "Cyber criminals who duped doctor held", "text": "KOCHI: Activities of another online fraud racket were unearthed by Kochi city police when they traced two youths in Hyderabad, who were part of the racket that duped a city doctor of Rs one lakh after sending him emails offering fake promises.Police said that the youths were identified as Sujith Kumar and Swaraj. The duo was arrested in Hyderabad on May 2 by a city police team which launched a probe into the case registered at Kadavanthra police station.Though the police sought a transit warrant from a local court in Hyderabad after the arrest, the court released them on bail. The accused surrendered before the Ernakulam chief judicial magistrate court on May 22, which directed the duo to present themselves before the investigation team.Police said that they had interrogated the accused in detail. The youths had revealed information about other members of the racket. \"We have details of other accused in the case. A manhunt will be launched to track them,\" police officials said.The investigation into the case was carried out by a police team led by city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar and deputy police commissioner T Gopalakrishna Pillai.The city police have already busted a pan-national racket involving Nigerian nationals which siphoned off Rs 11.14 lakh from the online bank account of a city-based doctor. According to police officials, residents of Kochi have become a soft target for online fraud rackets and the city police will launch an awareness programme to sensitize people on online frauds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13460560", "title": "Cabinet may consider VAT reduction: Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "PUNE: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Thursday said the cabinet will consider a reduction in value added tax (VAT) on petrol. However, any immediate relief may not be possible in view of the requirement of funds for mitigation of a drought-like situation in the state.He was speaking to reporters at a function to lay the foundation stone of Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology's (IITM) High Altitude Cloud Physics Laboratory and Monitoring (HACPLM) in Mahabaleshwar. Chavan said, \"The reduction in VAT on petrol will be considered at the cabinet meeting. However, this year it will be difficult to reduce VAT in view of the drought-like situation in the state where there is expenditure on several drought-related and developmental works.''He said VAT on petroleum products was not high, when compared to other states. The rise in petrol price was inevitable because of increase in import bills and depreciation of the rupee, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13484668", "title": "Justin Bieber almost gave up music", "text": "Justin Bieber almost quit his musical career as he found it difficult to cope with enormous pressure.The teenage heartthrob said that the love of his fans stopped him from doing so.\"There were so many times when I just wanted to say, 'Enough is enough, I don't want to do this any more,\" Contactmusic quoted him as telling Hollywood Reporter .\"I think it's so important to me because it's about my fans and how much they've helped me. They really have kept my heart from falling because they've always been there and supported me and cheered me on,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13479052", "title": "US cuts aid to Pakistan for jailing doctor who helped nab Osama", "text": "WASHINGTON: Outraged over the conviction of a Pakistani doctor who helped CIA find Osama bin Laden , a US Senate panel has voted unanimously to cut aid to Islamabad by USD 33 million, which in effect means USD 1 million for every year of the physician's 33-year sentence for high treason.The unanimous vote on Thursday by the Senate Appropriations committee on the amendment, moved by Senator Lindsey Graham , is reflective of the changing mode in the US especially the growing anger among US lawmakers towards Pakistan.The US has insisted that there is no basis to imprison Dr Shakil Afridi on treason charges, with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton denouncing it as \"unjust and unwarranted\".\"We regret both the fact that he was convicted and the severity of his sentence,\" Clinton told a joint press conference with New Zealand Foreign Minister Murray McCully .\"We are raising it (his case) and we will continue to do so because we think that his treatment is unjust and unwarranted,\" she said today.The latest decision by the key Senate panel represents about four per cent of the USD 800 million set aside for Pakistan for the year 2013. This includes USD 250 million in foreign military aid and another USD 50 million for Pakistan's counterinsurgency efforts.In fact, this amount of USD 800 million is far below the USD 2.3 billion the Obama administration is requesting for Pakistan. Another House committee had made similar recommendations early this week.During the markup, Senator Patrick Leahy and Senator Graham called Pakistan a \"schizophrenic\" ally, which has suffered the worst losses at the hands of militants while at the same time harboring the Haqqani network and other groups.\"If this is cooperation, I would hate like heck to see opposition,\" Leahy said.The Appropriations Committee approved Graham's amendment to cut the assistance by USD 33 million on a 30-0 vote.Influential Democrat Senator Dianne Feinstein pointed out that Pakistan has suffered at the hands of terrorists yet misconstrued what is treason in convicting Afridi. She also insisted that Afridi was not a spy.\"This conviction says to me that al-Qaida is viewed by the court to be Pakistan. I don't know which side of the war Pakistan is on. This makes me seriously question our financial support to Pakistan,\" Feinstein said.The substantial reduction in House and Senate committees comes despite warning from the White House that such a move could be counter-productive in getting Pakistan?s cooperation in war against terrorism.Dr Afridi was accused of running a CIA-sponsored fake vaccine programme in Abbottabad, where bin Laden was killed last year on May 2 in a covert US operation. His programme was aimed at obtaining DNA samples from any of bin Laden's family members residing in the compound.Afridi was awarded jail term under the tribal laws, known as Frontier Crimes Regulations (FCR). The British-era FCR is still effective in Pakistan's tribal regions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13482026", "title": "Babies left to cry stay unhappy afterwards", "text": "Parents may feel relieved, when their crying baby finally falls asleep without a murmur.But a new study published in the journal Early Human Development has revealed that their child may still be upset.It found that levels of the stress hormone cortisol remain high in 'cry babies' even in the days after they have apparently learnt to settle themselves.In other words, the child is still unhappy but just keeping quiet about it, the Daily Mail reported.The study involved tracking hormone levels in babies and their mothers.Many of the children, who were aged between four months and ten months, had trouble getting into a routine or settling without being comforted.During the study they were put to bed and left to soothe themselves to sleep, and the length of time that they cried was logged.Their mothers stayed in a room near enough to hear any cries but were not allowed to go to their children. Levels of cortisol were measured in the women and in their babies on the first night of the study and on the third.By the third night, the infants cried little before dropping off. However, their levels of cortisol remained high.In contrast, the amount of cortisol in the mothers had dropped, suggesting that they had relaxed due to the lack of crying from their baby.\"Although the infants exhibited no behavioural cue that they were experiencing distress at the transition to sleep, they continued to experience high levels of physiological distress, as reflected in their cortisol scores,\" said Wendy Middlemiss, a researcher at University of North Texas .\"Overall, outward displays of internal stress were extinguished by sleep training.\"However, given the continued presence of distress, infants were not learning how to internally manage their experiences of stress and discomfort,\" she stated.The brevity of the study means it is not clear if cortisol produced by the babies does eventually drop.The researchers are now doing a longer study, to see if the hormone's level falls with time, as babies learn to cope with going to sleep alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "13462986", "title": "Missing Britons may have drowned", "text": "MANDYA: It's becoming increasingly certain that two UK nationals, Turton Ian Richard and Michael David John Easton, drowned while rafting on the river Cauvery. Rescuers along 50km of the river in Ramanagaram, Mandya and Dharmapuri (Tamil Nadu) districts are veering around to this conclusion.Ramanagaram police superintendent Anupam Agarwal told The Times of India that a raft and an airbag containing an LG mobile set belonging to them were recovered near Mekedatu.\"Based on the place where their belongings were found, we suspect the duo drowned somewhere between Sangam and Mekedatu. We'll resume the search on Friday\" he said.Agarval said three-member teams of the Army and National Disaster Response Force from Bangalore are assisting local teams. Asked if an aerial survey of the river would be done, Agarval said if necessary, they'd request the government or Army to depute helicopters.The place where the search may be intensified is about 10-15km from the Tamil Nadu border.A helicopter hired by Easton's employer Shell detected a raft in a deep gorge near Mekedatu on Wednesday evening but when the search resumed on Thursday, rescuers couldn't locate the missing persons.Mandya deputy commissioner PC Jaffer told TOI rescuers from Mandya and Ramanagaram districts have been on the job since Tuesday. \"As per eyewitnesses and mobile call details, we've confirmed that the duo rafted for around 25km from Muttati. Locals who had seen them at Sangam and Galibore told us the duo had travelled towards Mekedatu in Ramanagaram district,\" he said.Rescue operationsDivers assisting in the search said the bodies would float to the surface between 24 hours and 48 hours of drowning. \"If the bodies don't float up, it would be near impossible to trace them\" an expert diver said.Umesh, a conservationist, said, \"Floating of dead bodies on the Cauvery depends on many variables. Sometimes, bodies are slammed through deep and sharp rock gorges by fast-flowing water and end up mutilated. In such cases, fish and crocodiles take away body parts. Mekedatu is considered a dangerous place for swimmers due to the sharp rocks and river flowing through deep gorges,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13461779", "title": "Install automatic washing machines: Transport minister to Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation", "text": "LUCKNOW: To upgrade the profile of passenger amenities, the UP transport department will bring in automatic bus washing machines to keep the buses clean. State transport minister Mahendra Aridaman Singh has directed the managing director, UPSRTC, to ensure special facility for washing and cleaning of buses in at least 12 bigger cities, within three months, on Thursday.The 12 bigger cities which the minister specified were Agra, Aligarh, Moradabad, Meerut, Saharanpur, Ghaziabad, Gorakhpur, Allahabad, Bareilly, Azamgarh, Faizabad and Etawah. UPSRTC has issued instructions to install automatic washing machines for buses with the help of private partnership.It will cost UPSRTC about Rs 36 lakh per month. The cleaning will be done as per the norms prescribed and followed in other cities of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13460353", "title": "Change in Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited complaint centre contact numbers", "text": "PUNE: The cell phone numbers of the 24-hour complaint redressal call centre of the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited will be changed from June 1 following modernisation of the centralised complaint redressal system. However, the toll free number 18002333435 will remain unchanged.A statement issued by the distribution company here on Thursday said that the new cell phone numbers of the call centre will be 8879620001/8879620002/8879620003/8879620004 from June 1 where consumers will be able to register complaints about electricity supply. The old cell phone numbers 9960677019 to 9960677025 will be permanently discontinued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13480603", "title": "Pak student sets Guinness record for Microsoft Professional Certificate", "text": "LAHORE: A Pakistani student has set a world record by achieving 998 marks out of a total of 1000 in a Microsoft Professional Certificate programme.Shayan Anique Akhtar now features in the Guinness Book of World Records for this accomplishment, reports The News.Shayan is also scheduled to meet Bill Gates in July this year on a special invitation by the Microsoft founder.Shayan is also a Microsoft Certified Professional ( MCP), Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist ( MCTS) and Microsoft Professional Developer (MPD).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13482598", "title": "'Manthrikan' releases in July", "text": "Director Anil is busy with the final schedule of the shoot of the movie Manthrikan. It stars Jayaram and Poonam Bajwa in the lead. \"The shoot is almost over and we have just one song to complete,\" says the director.A horror comedy, the movie will hit the screens in July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13463172", "title": "Now, Kukke temple gets ISO certification", "text": "MANGALORE: Kukke Subrahmanya Temple in Dakshina Kannada has become the second temple in the state, after Male Mahadeshwara, to receive the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) certification for administration. According to the temple's managing committee president Krishnaprasad Madthila the certification was handed over a couple of months ago. \"We are happy to have been certified for providing good service and clean facilities to devotees,'' he said. The process was started about eight months ago when then Puttur assistant commissioner Harish Kumar was the temple administrator. Kumar told TOI that ISO organization's representatives from Bangalore had visited him to detail about the process. \"We have given employees more than a month's training on various aspects covered under the guidelines of ISO. This includes maintaining cleanliness and providing good service,'' he said. The certification can be withdrawn if the concerned organization or institute fails to abide by the standards fixed by ISO. Male Mahadeshwara temple near Mysore was the first temple in the state to get such a certification. Mumbai's famous Siddvinayaka temple too has received the certification. Although ISO is essentially a quality standards body, it also undertakes financial auditing and certification. The temple, famous for ridding of 'naga dosha', shot into fame after master blaster Sachin Tendulkar visited it for getting rid of his dosha a few years ago. Apart from Karnataka politicians and actors, who are regular visitors, other A-list visitors to the temple include Maharashtra chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh and Bollywood's Kapoor family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "lucknow/kanpur/allahabad/varanasi", "code": "13461659", "title": "Slogan shouting to musical mode: Protesters show their resentment", "text": "LUCKNOW/KANPUR/ALLAHABAD/VARANASI: The steep rise in fuel prices kicked off plethora of protests across Uttar Pradesh, as various traders' associations hit the streets demanding a roll back on Thursday. Threatening to launch a sustained state-wide agitation, the members of different traders' association burnt effigies of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee .In Lucknow, instances of protests were reported from various important commercial areas. Members of Adarsh Vyapar Pratinidihi Mandal staged a sit-in at Lalbagh and burnt the effigies of the central government. President of the association Sanjay Gupta said that people are already facing problems because of the ever rising inflation. \"And now this will prove to be a severe blow to the people, as their purchasing power will dip significantly,\" he said.Traders also staged their protest in Hazratganj, Aminabad and Nishatganj. In Hazratganj, members of UP Vyapar Pratinidhi Mandal led by Banwari Lal Kanchal staged protest demanding immediate roll back of petrol prices. Rajendra Agarwal of the association said that the Centre is also indicating a rise in diesel and kerosene prices, which will eventually hit a wide range of people including poor.In Kanpur, people staged their protests at the petrol pumps which had closed down early on Wednesday citing that it ran out of stock. The agitating locals at a petrol pump in Barra said that the staff working at the pump had hung the board 'Out Of Stock' during the evening hours despite the fact that they had large petrol stock.Members of Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal tried putting a scooter on fire at Bharat Mata statute in Ghantaghar as a mark of protest against the petrol price hike. Gyanesh Mishra, general secretary, Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal said protests would be held outside the houses of Sriprakash Jaiswal and Rajaram Pal.Another protest was put up by the traders in the South city. Under the banner Dakshin Udyog Vyapar Mandal staged a semi-nude protest at a petrol pump.Meerut saw angry people burning effigies of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress president Sonia Gandhi in protest. BJP workers of district unit staged a 'semi-nude' demonstration. They stripped in public and walked around in under garments to show their 'anger'.In Allahabad traders, students, women, businessmen and people from all political parties barring Congress criticised the Union government, even as protesters burnt the effigies of the central government at major crossings. A BJP supporter, Pallavi Shukla, also sustained burn injuries as the effigy fell on her. CPI(M) activists burned the effigy of the UPA government at Subhash Crossing and raised slogans against the petrol hike. Party leader Sudhir Singh said the UPA government has increased the prices of petrol 16 times in the past three years.In Varanasi, Hindu Yuva Vahini burnt the effigy of UPA government at Maidagin Crossing. The students of Harishchandra PG College also protested against the hike in petrol prices.In a unique way of protest, musicians of the city played different musical instruments. People in Agraraised anti-UPA slogans. BJP workers in Noida said that their protests will continue till UPA government announces roll back. Gorakhpur also saw students and women taking part in the protest against price hike.Members of CPI (ML) too protested across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13460809", "title": "Ministry of environment and forests wants your feedback on Western Ghats", "text": "MUMBAI: The Madhav Gadgil report on the Western Ghats has been uploaded on the website of the union (MoEF), albeit with a disclaimer. \"The Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel report has not been formally accepted by the ministry. The report is still being analyzed and considered by the ministry,\" reads the disclaimer.The MoEF has ensured that anyone who clicks to download the report records having read the report. The ministry has also called for objections and suggestions from the public within 45 days. The report was submitted to the ministry in August last year. However, the ministry refused to publicize the report. Activists had then used the right to information act (RTI) to force the government into putting it in the public domain.The chief information commissioner also ordered the same. This order was challenged in the Delhi high court, which dismissed the ministry's plea and ordered the report to be made public. Activist Sumaira Abdulali, who had filed RTI queries as well as a public interest litigation asking for the report to be put in the public domain, said, \"It is now time for people to let their views be known to the government.\"Residents of Sawantwadi-Dodhamarg in the Sindhdurga district of the state are likely to ask for a ban on mining in their area. The state had granted 49 mining leases in this wildlife corridor, endangering the tiger.Following a TOI expose, the government issued a moratorium on mining in the area, which is still in force. The MoEF had earlier sought the opinion of only six state governments, keeping people out of the decision-making process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13458475", "title": "IPL 5: Can Chennai dodge Delhi bullet?", "text": "CHENNAI: The tables have turned yet again. MS Dhoni's Chennai, a team that was looking jaded and off-colour just a week back, is now flying high after defeating Mumbai. Now they come up against Delhi, who were title favourites until they were stopped in their tracks by Gautam Gambhir's Kolkata.There isn't anything significantly wrong with Delhi, but the minor flaws are being exposed at crucial junctures. Teams have come to realise that if Sehwag and David Warner can be removed early, the batting firepower can be doused. Mahela Jayawardene, despite his fantastic skills, isn't the most destructive in this format and Ross Taylor has been a pale shadow of his former self.Chennai were quick to probe these deficiencies when the two teams met in the group stages. They had specific plans for Viru and Warner and once the duo got out, Delhi struggled to reach 120. They will look to repeat the ploy on Friday with Ben Hilfenhaus swinging it around in the initial stages.Delhi have an injury issue with Irfan Pathan being hit on his right hand, but the team management informed that he will play on Friday. The only probable change in the line-up will be left-arm spinner Shahbaz Nadeem coming in place of Varun Aaron, but a final decision on that will only be taken on the day of the game.Chennai won't be in a mood to make any changes. While Mike Hussey and S Badrinath were excellent against Mumbai, Dhoni coming into his own at such a crucial juncture is only going to make them stronger.\"Badri is always a very effective player for us. He and Hussey were great (against Mumbai), allowing the lower middle-order players to express themselves,\" Dhoni said after the match.But the team knows that it was a special performance on Wednesday that won them the match and coach Stephen Fleming, too, is a touch cautious.He understands that it's not too easy to replicate such performances overnight, but given the sudden-death scenario they are in, there aren't any options either.\"It was a brilliant show by the guys and we have to do it all over again against Delhi in just over 24 hours. But then, that's how it goes and we have to be up for it,\" Fleming said.The pitch, too, at Chepauk is a bit of a worry, but the team management claims that they have got used to it by now. Three home losses are history and the entire unit is drawing strength from their emphatic performance against Delhi.Moreover, every Chennai fan knows that there's something called Lady Luck that has been on their side. Three results went in favour of them and that's why they are still alive.Now it's a matter of one good innings or one inspired bowling spell that will bring them within striking distance of making it a hat-trick of titles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13462557", "title": "Gen hands over jawan in botched operation to police", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Army on Thursday flatly denied reports that Gen V K Singh had acted in contravention of the defence establishment's long-standing position on the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) by ordering a havildar to be handed over to the civil police despite objections from the 3 Corps headquarters.\"Gen Singh ordered the handing over of Havildar Sandeep Thapa to the civil police since the court had issued non-bailable warrants against him for stealing a pistol and a mobile phone during a raid on a contractor's house in Jorhat last December. There is no question of AFSPA being invoked in such a matter,'' said a senior officer.This botched raid by the personnel of the 3 Corps Intelligence and Surveillance Unit (CISU) on the night of December 20, in fact, is the trigger for Gen Singh issuing show-cause censure notices to 3 Corps commander Lt Gen Dalbir Singh Suhag and his brigadier general staff (operations) Brigadier Abhey Krishna for abdicating their responsibility as well as not taking timely and adequate corrective action to deal with the failed raid.Brig Krishna, in a letter, had earlier argued that Thapa should not be handed over to the police since it would be \"contrary to the stand taken by the ministry'' on the need to retain AFSPA in disturbed areas to provide legal protection to troops. But it was overruled by the Army HQ.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13464949", "title": "Lobbying on for mayor, deputy mayor posts", "text": "PATNA: With the results of PMC election out, lobbying for the post of mayor and deputy mayor has begun.The State Election Commission has fixed June 10 as the date for the swearing-in of the newly-elected councillors. Voting for the mayor and deputy mayor will take place the same day.The PMC results showed that voters preferred sitting members to new faces in many wards. So there is a possibility that sitting mayor Afzal Imam may retain his post.The post of mayor is reserved for the member of minority or backward classes. Imam said, \"I have always worked hard to serve people. This time also my priority will be to ensure the benefits of government schemes reach the people.\"Expressing her support for Imam, Abhilasha Devi, councillor from ward number 47, said, \"We never had to bother to forward any problem to the mayor. It is better to choose a known person than to experiment with a new face.\" Jeet Kumar, a first timer from ward number 13, said he closely observed the functioning of Afzal Imam during the last few years. \"I will like to bring him back,\" he said.PMC sources said even the corporation staff want Imam back as new mayor. \"He not only concentrated on development works but also took care of the staff. He never stopped payments of the staff on the ground of fund shortage.\"But Imam could face competition from former mayor Sanjay Kumar and sitting deputy mayor Vinay Kumar Pappu. Sanjay has won election from ward number 39.On the other hand, Pappu won uncontested from ward number 28. He said, \"Electing Afzal Imam will not be a wise decision as he failed to perform properly during his last tenure.\" Afzal, incidentally, would need the support of 37 councillors out of 72 to retain his post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13463840", "title": "Odisha rallies against petrol price hike", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha protested the steepest ever hike in petrol prices of Rs 7.50 a litre with rallies, demonstrations and road blockades in several parts of the state on Thursday. The middle class reacted sharply to the hike, which will surely affect their family budget. Anger and helplessness was clearly visible on the faces of people after the hike was announced.This is the sixth consecutive fuel hike in the last one-and-half year. Petrol prices were last revised in November 4, 2011. After the latest hike, petrol in Bhubaneswar will cost Rs 73.02 a litre, Rs 72.98 in Cuttack, Rs 73.03 in Sambalpur, Rs 72.80 in Berhampur, Rs 72.96 in Rourkela and Rs 72.82 in Balasore.In the state capital, the youth wing of BJP state unit carried out a motorcycle rally and staged protests in front of several petrol pumps. The party workers also closed down the petrol pumps protesting the hike. \"The atrocious, unbelievable hike is a cruel blow to the people,\" said BJP state president Jual Oram in a statement. \"The current crisis in our economy is due to the wrong economic policies of the Manmohan Singh government, which has failed to check the rising prices of essential commodities. Our agitation will continue until the hike is rolled back,\" said Oram, adding the NDA has called a nation-wide bandh on May 31 against the hike.The ruling BJD also sought immediate rollback of the hike. \"It would have far-reaching consequences. It will hit common people hard because it will have a maximum impact on the transport sector,\" said finance minister Prafulla Ghadai. The youth wing of BJD staged a dharna in front of Raj Bhawan and urged the governor to intervene in the matter and roll back the unprecedented hike. Left parties of the state also held a protest rally in the city, shouting slogans against the central government's move. \"It has been difficult for people to live as the price of everything has been skyrocketing,\" said CPI (M) secretary Janardan Pati.\"The government is bent upon destroying not only the household economy but also the morale of the common man, particularly the lower middle class. The decision is unjustifiable and autocratic,\" said Bhabani Hota, former MP and president of all India University Employees Association.After the hike, many people are contemplating shunning their cars and availing public transport services to cut corners. \"It is not just about my car bills. This hike in petrol price will lead to price ris,\" said Naren Biswal, a private company executive.\"The fuel price hike will pinch all sections of the society -- upper, middle and lower middle class. Once fuel prices go up, the prices of other commodities are bound to go up. As such the vegetable prices are almost untouchable, the fuel price will add to the burden,\" rued Madhusmita Nath, a school teacher. Similar protests were reported from Sambalpur, Rourkela, Balangir, Cuttack, Puri, Balasore and Berhampur. The CPI supporters staged a NH blockade at Chamakhandi in Ganjam district in protest against the hike, demanding a rollback amid much sloganeering against the central government.The unprecedented petrol price hike also dampened the festive mood in Sambalpur, where the famous Sital Sasthi festival is underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13461158", "title": "22-year-old may be youngest sarpanch", "text": "PONDA: The village of Betki-Khandola in Ponda taluka has the youngest panch in Shrinisha Eknath Naik, 22. The first year law student made it to the panchayat in her first attempt, something her father could not achieve twice in the past.What's more, Shrinisha who has been elected from Gaonkarwada (ward no. 2), could well pip her more experienced colleagues in the panchayat to the sarpanch's post. One factor going in her favour is that the top post has been reserved for women.Speaking to TOI, Shrinisha said she has been chosen for the post by local MGP MLA and cooperation minister Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar and that all the elected panchas were backed by the MLA. The final decision would be taken on Sunday, she said. All panchayats that went to the polls earlier this month will elect sarpanchas on Monday.Shrinisha is presently studying law in a college in Panaji. She has a BA in political science to her credit and said the knowledge of political science helped her in the election campaign.With the law classes held in the early part of the day, Shrinisha said she would attend lectures in the morning and devote the early evening hours from 3pm to 6.30pm to the affairs of the local civic body.Besides her BA degree, Shrinisha also has a human rights course and had started one in theater acting but could not complete it.Recalling that her father had contested the panchayat polls twice, the youngest panchayat member elect said that although her father couldn't win, his efforts in her campaign helped her get elected.Shrinisha said her name has been endorsed for the sarpanch's post unanimously, however there is no consensus for the post of deputy sarpanch and this has created a split in the 9-member team.She hopes that matters can get resolved by Sunday, and that she gets to head the village body Monday onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13463002", "title": "Jharkhand Maoists being trained in People Liberation Army's Myanmar camps", "text": "GUWAHATI: Maoists from Jharkhand are now being trained in the camps of Manipur's People Liberation Army (PLA) located at Mindat in the southern Chin state of Myanmar, according to a recent government report on Maoist activities in the northeastern region, which is turning out to be their new base.\"The two groups signed an agreement 'for better understanding' in September, 2008 and the first batch of three Maoist cadres from Jharkhand trained at the PLA's 251 battalion camp at Mindat. Maoists now plan to send their cadres to Manipur to be trained by the PLA,\" a security source said.The Maoists of Assam were first trained in Lohit district of neighbouring Arunachal Pradesh and the first training camp was started as recently as April last year. \"At the camp in Lohit, training in arms was imparted by Maoists leaders from Assam. The camp was closed down after two Adivasi trainees fled the place,\" the source said.These reports of the PLA training Maoists in Myanmar, based on confession statements of arrested PLA leaders here, have come at a time when the National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Monday filed a chargesheet at the special court here against the PLA for imparting training to the cadres of CPI (Maoist) and supplying arms and ammunition to the outfit.\"The investigation established that in and around June 2006, the PLA leadership met the top leaders of CPI (Maoist), followed by several other meetings between the two terrorist organisations between 2006 and 2008,\" the NIA chargesheet says.It adds that in 2008, senior leaders of CPI (Maoist) met PLA members in a foreign country and \"signed a joint declaration for the unified action of waging war against India\".\"In this meeting, CPI (Maoist) requested the PLA to provide them sophisticated weapons and the PLA in turn sought help for procurement of ammonium nitrate (explosive) from the former,\" the NIA stated.The NIA chargesheet states that a team of PLA cadres comprising four senior functionaries had visited the Dandakaranya forest in Chhattisgarh sometime in the middle of 2009.\"Investigation has established that two training programmes, comprising signal training and military training, were carried out for CPI (Maoist) cadres by the PLA in Saranda Forest of Jharkhand. The first programme was carried out from 11 September, 2010 to 20 November, 2010 and the second started on 7 October, 2010 and ended on 10 November, 2010,\" the chargesheet adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13464781", "title": "Darbhanga man languishing in Bangla jail", "text": "PATNA: A Darbhanga resident, Satish Choudhary (34), has mysteriously reached Bangladesh and is languishing in a jail there. The matter came to light after Bangladesh Red Crescent Society, Bara Moghbazar, Dhaka, sent a letter written by Satish to his native village address at Monuratha in Darbhanga.Satish's brother Mukesh Choudhary, who is a decoration firm worker and lives in Churi Gali in Patna, said his brother, who has two children, was mentally disturbed and he had brought him to Patna for treatment. In May 2008, Mukesh was engaged in decoration work at SK Memorial Hall and his brother was with him.\"I went inside the hall for some work and found him missing when I came out,\" Mukesh recalled and added he scouted around for him but in vain.Their cousin Surendra informed the Gandhi Maidan police station about it.The letter from the Bangladesh Red Crescent Society came in March this year. It read: Respected father, take my 'pranam'. Hope all family members are well. I pray to God for your well-being. Father, I am detained in Laxmipur District Jail. I am well.Satish didn't know English. The Society members had obviously done the translation work.Mukesh said he went to his village and returned with the letter to Patna. He contacted the state branch of Indian Red Cross Society. But its functionaries said they could not help him.On Thursday, Mukesh reached the Patna SSP's 'janata aarbar' and submitted an application, seeking his help. The SSP said he had directed the police station concerned to look into the matter.According to sources, Satish's letter was actually forwarded by Indian Red Cross Society's state branch honorary director S P Singh to Dr Raj Arora, secretary of the Society's Darbhanga branch.In a separate letter to Dr Arora, Singh wrote, \"Satish Choudhary, son of Rambilas Choudhary, village Monuratha, PO Hayaghat, PS Hayaghat, Darbhanga, is lodged in Laxmipur District Jail of Bangladesh. He has written a letter to his father.The tracing request has been received from International Federation of Red Crescent Society through national headquarter.\"The letter of Satish Choudhary may kindly be served to his father at the earliest and reply may be received from him on original format enclosed.\"Singh told TOI on Thursday, \"Satish's wife has replied on the format and the same has been forwarded to the international headquarters.\"The family members have said Satish is mentally deranged, he said and added they had also enclosed his voter id-card.Singh said Red Cross Society is an international body. \"If any person is languishing in a jail in another country and wants to write letter to his family members, we have a format to facilitate the same,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13460638", "title": "Cops release sketch of gold snatcher", "text": "PANAJI: The Panaji police on Thursday released a sketch of the suspect involved in the theft of gold ornaments in Panaji on May 2Prema Shirodkar, a resident of Miramar, had complained that on May 2, three persons impersonated themselves as CID police officers and stolen her gold ornaments, two gold bangles and one chain worth 65,000, from her bag.PSI T P Walke is investigating the case. t", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13463697", "title": "Anti-aircraft Akash test-fired successfully", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Indian Air Force ( IAF) on Thursday successfully conducted the maiden trial of the surface-to-air Akash missile from the integrated test range (ITR) at Chandipur in Odisha's Balasore district.Developed by the Defence Research Development Organization (DRDO), Akash was inducted in the army in 2008, which since then has conducted a series of user trials to authenticate its operational efficiency. \"The air force tried it for the first time on Thursday. The result was positive,\" said an ITR source. \"The missile was fired from a mobile launcher at 11.08 am. It hit a floating object suspended from a pilotless aircraft nearly 8 km away,\" he added.Akash is 5.78 meter long with 35 cm in diameter. Its launch weight is about 720 kg and has a strike range of 25 km. It can carry a conventional warhead of 50 to 60 kg. The Akash missile can fly at Mach 2.5 supersonic speed and reach an altitude of 18 km.Akash, an anti-aircraft defence system, can simultaneously engage several targets with Rajendra radar developed by the Electronics and Radar Development Establishment, a DRDO laboratory in Bangalore. Rajendra does the surveillance, tracks the target, acquires it and guides the missile towards it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13460605", "title": "Property fair piques buyers' interest", "text": "PANAJI: The Times of India in association with Vihan Events has organized a two-day property show at Clube Gaspar Dias in Miramar on Thursday.Fourteen builders are showcasing over 100 real-estate properties spread across the length and breadth of the state at the show. It covers properties from Panaji, Pilerne, Margao, Siolim, Vasco, Mapusa, Dona Paula, and Canacona.Some of the builders at the show are Chamunda residency, Palacio group which is selling properties from 80 lakh to 1.5 cr, Highland constructions which is selling properties worth 1.2 cr to 2.18 cr, Milroc Kadamba which is selling properties costing 50-60 lakh among others. SBI is also offering loans with interest rates of 10.50% - 11%.Sanjjoy Verma, director of Vihan events said, \"The clients had received many enquires and hope to receive more on the second day of the show.\"\"The clients are satisfied with Thursday's footfall,\" he added.Swati Mahambrey, sales manager, Milroc development company which is showcasing one property at the event said, \"We had 10-12 enquiries.\" Participating companies say they are receiving enquiries from NRIs and holidaymakers. A majority of the visitors are from Mumbai, Delhi and Bangalore. Properties showcased range from 45 lakh to 3 cr.Kanchan Desai, senior marketing manager at Highland constructions, which is promoting two projects, said, \"We received 20 enquiries so far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13483714", "title": "Sonakshi Sinha: Classical dancing was difficult for me", "text": "The actress managed to get bakshish from choreographer Saroj Khan who choreographed her classical moves in Chamak Challo.Sonkashi Sinha loves dancing but Chamak Challo wasn't easy for her. During Rowdy Rathore 's song shoot the actress had to do classical dancing which wasn't easy for a non-classical dancer like her.\"I have never done classical dancing in my life. There was a part in the song Chamak Challo that involved a lot of classical dancing and it had to be done in one shot. It was quite long and difficult for me,\" said the actress in an interview.She also informed that though it was difficult, she managed it skillfully. But what was her choreographer's take on that? We heard the actress impressed Saroj Khan and not just that she managed to get a bakshish of Rs 101 from Saroj Khan as a token of appreciation.\"After the scene everyone started clapping and Saroj ji gave me Rs. 101, I was in shock. I never thought that I would be that good. We all were emotional at that moment,\" said the actress, who was apparently in tears after the victorious moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13463435", "title": "Two boys drown in Rayanal lake in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: A relaxing swim on a hot, sunny day turned fatal for two 15-year-old boys in the city. Vijay Aralikatte and Samarth Maharajpet, who went to Rayanal lake for a swim on Wednesday afternoon never returned home.Old Hubli police said both the boys hailed from Gandhi Nagar of Gokul road in Hubli. When they did not return home till late evening on Wednesday, their anxious parents informed police. Their clothes were found on the lakeside.Old Hubli police along with expert swimmers continued their search till they fished out the bodies on Thursday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "baramulla (kashmir)", "code": "13782222", "title": "My choice of captain would be me, says MS Dhoni", "text": "BARAMULLA (KASHMIR): India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni refuses to speculate on who can be his successor as it's not in his hands but given a choice he would choose himself for the top job.Responding to a question on his successor, Dhoni said he would not like to name anyone in particular as it was not for him to decide.\"It is not my choice ... my choice would be me.,\" Dhoni, who is here as part of his visit to the forward area of the Line of Control (LoC), told reporters at Baramulla, 55 kms from Srinagar.\"As far as the contenders as concerned there are many... we have Virender Sehwag , Gautam Gambhir and Virat Kohli ,\" he added.Sehwag was deputy to Dhoni for a long time before his opening partner and Delhi teammate Gambhir was appointed as the vice-captain of the team. But Sehwag was made stop gap captain when Dhoni was rested from ODI series against West Indies.However, following series of good performances Down Under, Kohli was named as the vice-captain of the team for Asia Cup played in Bangladesh earlier this year.India cricket captain and honorary Lt Col MS Dhoni is on a visit to the forward area of the Line of Control (LoC) in Jammu region including a trip to the base camp of Siachen, the world's highest battlefield.Dhoni, who is enjoying a rare month-and-a-half break from cricket, was conferred with the honorary rank of Lieutenant Colonel in the elite Parachute Regiment last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13484578", "title": "After Advani, Sushma Swaraj to skip BJP rally in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite a new found bonhomie between Narendra Modi and Nitin Gadkari , differences in BJP seem to be far from over at its national executive meeting here today with leaders L K Advani and Sushma Swaraj set to stay away from a rally scheduled for this evening.\"Advani's schedule was fixed earlier so he won't be there and Swaraj has to attend a programme in Ghaziabad tomorrow morning,\" party spokesperson Nirmala Sitharaman said playing down their absence at the rally which has been organised to project BJP as a vibrant party leading the NDA, which is ready to take on the UPA.The party reiterated there was no truth in reports of Advani being unhappy with the internal affairs in the BJP.Modi and Gadkari are set to be the star speakers at the rally with a senior leader remarking that their bonhomie has upset other senior leaders, including Advani and Swaraj.With Gadkari smoking the peace pipe with Modi yesterday, the equations in the BJP appear to be undergoing a change and leaders are considering the way ahead in the changed scenario. The absence of Advani and Swaraj at the rally is also being seen in this backdrop.With the NDA expecting to get a boost due to the recent developments, including the petroleum price hike, a section of the party claims that Gadkari and Modi could jointly call the shots against their interest.Interestingly, Advani was not present yesterday at the national executive meet when the resolution to amend the party constitution to allow a second term to Gadkari was passed. Party leaders said that the BJP veteran had gone to meet an ailing relative in the city.Gadkari had yesterday appealed for unity and discipline in the organisation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13458796", "title": "Kochia to hear some groovy house music", "text": "KOCHI: Dingy, dim-lit low ceiling basement or the outdoor main stage of a grand international festival - the British Canadian born international disc jockey Dale Anderson can make music anywhere.Excited about coming to Kerala for the first time, Dale is looking forward to entertaining Kochiites with some techno and 'house music' on Saturday.He would also like to dig into some local cuisines. He opens his mind in a freewheeling interview to TOI.Can you tell us more about your tryst with deejaying. How did it all start?I started DJing back in '98. I was the drummer in a band for about 10 years and that is how my musical career started. I was quite interested the first time I saw a DJ up close because I didn't really understand what DJs did at that point. I borrowed some turntables from my friend and the rest is history.How healthy is the current Indian DJ music scene?I think the scene is pretty healthy, but clearly the economic condition has an impact on the music industry. Clubs, labels and DJs - all are exposed to this. But now there are more really good producers out there than ever before.Which is the most versatile place according to you when it comes to music?As for DJing in foreign countries, I would say South America is the most open place to play. They are a really enthusiastic crowd and they don't tire easily! India itself can boast of a huge diversity of music culture, extending well beyond the dance music scene, and I think it's fantastic that so many people in India are doing something with music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13485873", "title": "Maharastra HSC results declared, girls outshine boys", "text": "MUMBAI: Girls outshined boys this year in the HSC results.School education minister Rajendra Darda told reporters that 79.60 per cent girls and 70.32 per cent boys passed the examination.A total of 11,43,135 students appeared for the exams, out of which 8,51,206 passed, he said.The percentage of passing this year was 74.46 as compared to last year's 70.69 per cent. The number of students who passed in first class was 2,32,872, he said.After formation of Konkan Board, in first exam the pass percentage in state stood at 86.25 per cent.In Mumbai board, 957 students got more than 90 per cent marks, while 11,889 got more than 80 per cent marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13463663", "title": "Deputy commissioner raids sand depots", "text": "DHARWAD: Following media reports exposing illegal sand mining in Dharwad, deputy commissioner Darpan Jain along with the officials of mines and geology department raided the illegal sand depots and seized documents on Thursday. Jain and team swooped on sand depots located near Hubli Toll Naka, Tegur plot and behind ESI hospital. The owners of the stockyard did not turn up to offer their explanation to the DC, prompting Jain to instruct officials from geology department to collect all the relevant information and documents including transport permits.He even directed them to serve notice, if the owners were found to be engaged in re-sale of sand which amounts to duping the general public. Later DC visited a private plot wherein large quantity of sand was stocked. Jain stated that illegal transportation and stocking of sand is an offence. He said, the district administration has formed District Sand Monitoring Committee and has empowered the committee to check the re-sale of sand and book the culprit. He warned them not to pass on the bucks on other department as they have full powers to seize the illegal sand laden trucks and impose hefty penalty on them.Later speaking to media persons Jain said, the district administration is not leaving any stone unturned to check illegal sand stocking in the district. Answering a query, Jain said, during the month of April and May first week, the committee has seized 32 lorries transporting sand illegally and has slapped penalty amounting up to Rs 5.2 lakh.Plans to set up govt stock yardDeputy commissioner Darpan Jain proposed setting up of government stock yard to stock sand. This decision comes following the reports that number of illegal sand depots is on rise in the district. The district administration has proposed to set up government sand stock yard at Dharwad and Hubli and contain re-sale or illegal transportation of sand in the district. He said, the plan would be submitted to the State Government shortly asking to provide required manpower and funds to procure sand during initial stage. The district administration has land to stock sand, but once the government gives green signal for the proposal, fencing would be done to the entire area, besides deploying security staff and labourers. This is an attempt to ensure that the general public is not cheated .The district administration has also set up a helpline and people can register their complaints, if they find illegal sand transportation or sand stocking. People can dial phone number (0836) 2233840 to register complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "13467469", "title": "Nabard makes Lohardaga village kerosene-free", "text": "LOHARDAGA: National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard)'s dream of making Lohardaga village kerosene-free has come true in Ulti village. Women from seven self-help groups (SHGs) managed to design 100 solar lamps to cater to every house in the village. It was for the help of the women residing in the village, the bank, under its Rural Innovation Fund plan, took the initiative, three years back. Then Utli village had no access to electricity. However, the area was recently electrified under Rajeev Gandhi Rural Electrification Scheme. The plan was executed successfully by a local NGO - Lohardaga Gram Swarajya Sansthan (LGSS) who formed seven SHGs of 70 women and imparted training to them. Of them, 20 women were given technical training under a management committee.This committee's members who represent all the seven SHGs are able to repair the solar lamps if needed. Coordinator of the programme Keshav Pathak of LGSS said first 70 women were given capacity building training by a team of experts from Bangalore. Then, as many as 20 women were selected to form a management committee. They were given technical training and were also taken to Cuttack in Odisha on exposure visit. \"All 20 women are well trained and they have been able to prove their abilities by assembling the solar lamps. The lamps were distributed free to each house in the village, he said.The district development manager of Nabard, Samrat Mukherjee said the initiative has borne fruit. \"The management committee has made four charging stations in the village. Villagers use the lights at night and send them to the stations for charging. Charging plates have also been provided with lamps. Villagers have to pay 50 paise per day as charging-cum-maintenance cost,\" said Mukherjee.Puniya Oraon, an SHG member displaying the solar lights in a stall in a development fair on district establishment day said, \"The lamps still have its significance since power supply is irregular and uncertain. Mostly power comes late at night when we do not need electricity,\" she said. \"Spare parts of a solar lamp cost Rs 1200. After free distribution, few women have started assembling lamps for sale and till date, 50 lamps were sold for Rs 1600 each, said CP Yadav, the secretary of LGSS.Lohardaga deputy commissioner Ratan Kumar, who praised the initiative, has requested women to come forward for large-scale manufacturing of lamps and earn extra money. He has assured every possible support in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13460774", "title": "Mumbai varsity tells police to probe fresh paper \u2018leak\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The University of Mumbai's examination house on Thur-sday filed a complaint with the cyber crime cell of the Mumbai crime branch after students were flooded with 'offers' to purchase Saturday's Basic Electrical and Electronics Engineering (BEEE) paper for Rs 2,000-Rs 5,000.The university is yet to get conclusive evidence on the 'leaked' Applied Physics (AP) paper as students have been told to book the paper in advance and it will be delivered only a day before the exam.A copy of the complaint was submitted to the Bandra-Kurla Complex police and Crawford Market police. The university has told the police to verify if the paper had leaked.Subhash Deo, director (examinations), said, \"We have reports stating that a photocopy of the paper was uploaded on a networking site. The complaint has been filed to verify the veracity of the report. If the question paper is uploaded before 11 am, it will be before the exam begins. If not, we will be unable to term it as a leak.\"With too many similarities in the previous leaked papers-students claimed they received mathematics and engineering mechanics papers too, which was changed at the eleventh hour-several students are making a rush to book their copies of Saturday's paper. \"I did not believe in the copies that were circulated before the mathematics paper. Since there is glaring evidence of a leak now, the university should try to plug it soon,\" said the student. \"We have heard rumours about a re-exam. We hope they are rumours,\" he added. Another student claimed most friends had booked copies of Saturd- ay's paper.Deo, however, said, \"There was no leak of the mathematics paper. Students must have read stories in the media about the paper leak at the Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University and not Mumbai University.\" University officials claimed they are taking precautions to prevent a leak. The university, in fact, has stopped sending papers in advance.Joint commissioner of police Himanshu Roy said a probe will be launched only after a complaint is filed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "balli", "code": "13460657", "title": "Year after Balli, tribals' trials still raging", "text": "BALLI: May 25, 2011: Thousands of people belonging to the Gavda, Kunbi, Velip communities start gathering at Balli, in response to the day-long bandh call given by the United Tribals Associations Alliance (UTAA). The crowd soon swells to nearly 10,000, far outnumbering the police personnel at the site. No sooner, the police resort to lathi-charge to dispel the agitating protesters so as to clear the NH 17, protesters clash with the police. While police flee, the protesters unleash their fury on abandoned police vehicles, setting them ablaze and damaging railway signals and tracks. Hours later, people from Balli, agitated over their village being held captive by the protesters, retaliate by setting afire the Adarsh Co-operative Society, leading to the death of two tribal youth who had taken shelter in the building. The violence possibly marked the worst-ever riots in the history of liberated Goa.Cut to the present: The agitation's 12 main demands remain largely unfulfilled. In the eyes of the community, Mangesh Gaonkar and Dilip Velip achieved \"martyrdom\" as they laid down their lives fighting for the tribal cause.A tribute to 'heroes'To pay homage to them, UTAA is observing this day as prerna din (day of inspiration) with a shradhanjali (tribute) programme to be organized at Azad Maidan, Panaji.\"Our fight for our constitutional rights will continue till all our demands are met,\" says UTAA president Prakash Shankar Velip. \"Two tribals lost their lives fighting for the community's rights. We hope the younger generation derives inspiration from these youngsters who died a hero's death. We won't let this supreme sacrifice go in vain.\" He says a memorial will be built in the memory of the two youth in Balli next year.Probe, but 'no justice'Though the state government soon ordered a magisterial inquiry into the Balli incident and later constituted a judicial commission, UTAA leaders are not pleased with the outcome of the probe. \"The investigation agencies have failed to identify who murdered our two youth. They haven't even indentified who set the Adarsh building on fire that led to the deathsand caused losses worth crores of rupees to the cooperative society,\" says Velip who heads the Adarsh Cooperative Society.He adds that the losses \"tantamount to injustice to poor farmers\" whose produce is bought by the society through its 20 branches \"at a reasonable rate\". \"Though we managed to bounce back soon, the government failed to provide any help in the building's rebuilding,\" Velip rues.Tribal tallyIn 2011, over 1.60 lakh of Goa's total 14,57,723 population were estimated to be scheduled tribes, about 12%.Social scientists working on issues concerning the tribal population feel tribes in Goa are \"politically damned and economically mined\".\"The central funds meant solely for tribal welfare are diverted for non-tribal purposes under the Tribal Sub-Plan. The Scheduled Tribes Commission, Tribal Welfare Department, Scheduled Tribes Finance and Development Corporation perform merely an ornamental role without a nodal agency to monitor the TSP. The ornamental and superfluous architecture of the tribal institutional support can hardly attain the objectives of the Centre (for the uplift of the community),\" writes Pradeep Maske in an article.The Scheduled Tribes and Other Traditional Forest Dwellers (Recognition of Forest Rights) Act, 2006, is yet to be implemented in Goa.Though the political reservation of 12% seats for STs in the state legislature is in the domain of the Centre, the state government is yet to put up the case before the Union of India.Uday Gaonkar, special secretary, UTAA, feels that unless the alliance's 12 demands are met, the tribal community will remain deprived of development.\"By denying the constitutional right of 12% reservation in the state legislative assembly the government is stifling the tribals' voice. The assembly is the proper and sacred forum where tribals' demands need to be discussed. What we are demanding are our legitimate rights provided by the Constitution,\" says Gaonkar.Lamenting the denial of ownership rights to tribal communities and other traditional forest dwellers, Gaonkar says, \"Tribals are real conservationists. They will never cut down trees. And if for any reasons they have cut one, they must definitely have planted a 100 more. Theirs is an eco-friendly lifestyle practiced for ages. The kumeri cultivation practiced by them in the hilly forested areas has contributed considerably to the gross national forest produce, thus contributing to nation building. Depriving such a community of their land rights despite a protective legislation to safeguard their rights is a grave injustice to the tribal community.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13466560", "title": "Armaan eyes Indy500 show", "text": "CHENNAI: The big moment is here for Armaan Ebrahim, the one that he was looking forward to when he first set foot on US soil to pursue his racing career across the Atlantic.This weekend , the 23-year-old Chennai lad will drive at the famed Indianapolis Motor Speedway , in the Freedom 100 Indy Lights race, held along with the biggest racing spectacle in the US - the Indy 500. While the main show, the Indy 500, will be held on Sunday, the Lights race will be held on Friday as a support race for the mega event.Armaan's season in Indy Lights - the feeder series for the Indy Racing League - has been sedate to say the least, the Indian spending the first three rounds of the season to find his feet in the relatively new style of racing which mainly involves ovals apart from some challenging street circuits.The Fan Force United driver plans to change all that during the Indy Weekend as he knows that if he makes a mark at Indianapolis, where the biggies of American racing will be present , his US career will take a whole new turn.Armaan's build up to the weekend will give him confidence for a good showing too. He was sixth fastest during free practice a couple of weeks back at the Speedway, just a fraction of a second behind the lead driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "13463903", "title": "Auto fares likely to increase", "text": "CUTTACK: The steep hike in petrol prices will add to the burden of those depending on auto rickshaws. Auto ricksaw-drivers on Thursday said the hike of Rs.7.50 per litre will make it unfeasible for them to run their vehicles and they have no option other than hiking the fares.Over 2,000 auto rickshaws ply in Cuttack and round 80% of them run on petrol, with each driver requiring at least three to four litres every day. The hike of Rs 7.50 per litre will translate into an additional burden of Rs 30 to Rs 40 per day for the auto rickshaw drivers.\"If the people's representatives do not force the government to roll back the hike, then we will be forced to hike auto fares,\" said D K Das member of the Autorickshaw Mahasangh. The association will convene a special meeting very soon to discuss the issue.\"A hike of Rs 7.50 per litre of petrol is just unbelievable. ssI owe the bank about Rs 1 lakh besides my own investment in the vehicle. How would I now repay the loan and sustain my family,\" said Sangram Sahoo, another auto rickshaw owner.\"I do not want any more increase in the fare as the number of passengers travelling in auto rickshaws had already started decreasing fter the introduction of city buses. The fare hike will affect our business badly,\" said Vishal, another auto driver.The denizens are also worried over the scenario. \"I used go to office by auto but now I will prefer a town bus as I cannot afford the hiked fare,\" said Swapna Mohanty, a bank employee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13460670", "title": "No headway in Malad double murder, robbery case", "text": "MUMBAI: More than a month after the Malad double murders of a jeweller and his employee on April 11, the case remains unsolved.Cops said they are looking for six persons in connection with the murder and robbery case of jeweller Paras Parmar and his employee, Hemant Bishnoi.The two were carrying gold ornaments and cash and crossing the foot overbridge at Malad, when they were attacked and killed. The four masked robbers fled in an autorickshaw. Several jewellers' associations took to the streets and blocked SV Road at Malad, refusing to cremate the two until the culprits were caught.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13464147", "title": "Bhubaneswar students shine in CBSE class X exam", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The long wait of students came to an end on Thursday as the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) declared Class X board result of Bhubaneswar, along with schools of West Bengal and Chhattisgarh. Though students were waiting for the result since morning, the results were announced only after 7 pm in the evening.Odisha students recorded a pass percentage of 99.48, which trumped last year's performance of 95%, while the pass percentage of West Bengal and Chhattisgarh was 98.95 and 99.13 respectively. Marks were collated in the form of cumulative grade point average (CGPA) on the basis of grades secured by students in each subject.\"No marks, no tears, no jealousy. I think it is good to have grades. But we could gauge the percentage secured by us by multiplying CGPA with 9.5,\" said Adya Das of DAV, Pokhariput, who secured CGPA 10, which is equal to 95% in marks. The school secured a cent per cent result, with 51 students of the school securing 10 CGPA.Girls outshone boys in the region with 47.36% girls of the total 18,884 girl students securing above 75% marks, while 41.92% boys of the total 26, 685 boys secured more than 75%.Regional officer, CBSE Bhubaneswar, M V Prasad Rao said, \"This year about 60% students appeared the school-based examination, instead of the earlier board-based system.\" The CBSE had made Class X board exam optional in 2009. Rao said the result is very good this year, as of the total 45,628 students, 44.18% students have secured more than 75% marks.Students of Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (JNV) outperformed other schools with 66.48% students of the school securing over 75%, followed by 43.28% students of individual schools securing above 75%. In comparison, only 41.76% students of Kendriya Vidyalayas secured more than 75%.City schools have done well in the exam with many students securing CGPA 10. Of the total 273 students, 270 secured above 60% in DAV, Unit-VIII. Students of SAI International School secured 100% result with 33 of the 110 students scoring A1 in all subjects (CGPA 10). Around 45% students have secured more than 90% marks. Students of Mother's Public school also performed well. All 90 students of the school passed the exam, while 28 of them secured 10 CGPA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13463003", "title": "?Kemar-Shantigrama line will improve Karnataka's power situation", "text": "MANGALORE: Situation in power-starved Karnataka is all set to improve once Karnataka Power Transmission Corporation Ltd (KPTCL) completes the work of laying 179 km long 400 kv Kemar-Shantigrama line. Plagued by delays due to litigations over environmental issues, the line work, which commenced in 2009 and was scheduled for completion in 2010, will now be completed by June end. KPTCL is racing against the clock to meet the deadline. On completion, power generated at Udupi power project in Nandikoor will be evacuated using the 400 kv line. The line will link the Udupi power project to 400/220 kv Power Grid Corporation of India's receiving station at Shantigrama in Hassan. At present, the power generated (around 320 MW) by the Udupi Power Corporation Ltd is used to meet peak load in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts. The rest is evacuated to Shimoga using a 220 kv line. Completion of Kemar-Shantigrama line will also make Varahi hydro electric project at Hosangadi of Udupi district completely functional.The peaking station will generate power only in about eight hours in the morning and evening every day. At present, Karnataka is not able to make full use of the 460 MW power that four units (each of 115MW capacity) of Varahi are capable of generating as the 220 kv Shimoga line is overloaded. Vijayanarasimha, managing director, Mangalore Electricity Supply Company Ltd said, \"We are not able to utilize the full capacity of Varahi as Mescom is obliged to utilize power generated by UPCL. Otherwise, we will need to pay them the generation charges.\" Kemar-Shantigrama line would reduce the load on 220 kv Shimoga line and allow the state to tap power generated at Varahi, he added. The first two units of Varahi generate power at 56 paise per unit and the other two at Rs 1.26. B Govind Rao, superintending engineer (electrical), transmission (works and maintenance), Mangalore circle of KPTCL told TOI that concrete bed foundation work on all 529 pylons of Kemar-Shantigrama line had been completed. \"The work of erecting 506 power pylons has been completed and conductors have been drawn to length of 155 out of 179 kms,\" he said and added the new line capable of evacuating 2,000-MW power would be completed by June end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13459758", "title": "NCP's Jadhav, Sena's Sahane in straight fight", "text": "NASHIK: The election for a seat in the Maharashtra legislative council from the Nashik local self-governing bodies' constituency is scheduled on Friday, with a straight fight between sitting member Jayant Jadhav of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Shiv Sena nominee Shivaji Sahane.'Planning' for the legislative council elections began with the \"packing away\" of voters from major political parties on a 'tour' on Tuesday, while some from the Sena set off on Wednesday morning. They were sent out of town to ensure that they remain together under the vigil of senior leaders and out of reach of rival parties, to prevent horse-trading. They are expected to arrive directly at the election booths on Friday morning, when the election is scheduled.The 475 voters include corporators, and zilla parishad and Deolali Cantonment Board members.The secular combine has the required strength but some of its leaders are believed to be lobbying against guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal's choice. The Sena is relying on the schism within the NCP and Congress for Sahane's victory, some senior leaders said.Voters in Malegaon, the Janrajya Aghadi and some independents are likely to support the Sena.The final decision of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) will be spelled out by party chief Raj Thackeray . \"Our party chief will communicate with us our role and who we should support on Friday,\" said Vasant Gite.A Shiv Sena leader claimed that though the election is held based on the strength of the parties, the involvement of money cannot be ruled out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13460441", "title": "Real time gross settlement delays payment of Nagpur Municipal Corporators contractors", "text": "NAGPUR: Technology and new software is supposed to make life easier but for contractors of Nagpur Municipal Corporators (NMC) it is vice versa. Until a few months ago, they used to get the payment manually but now as per directives of government of India they are getting it through real time gross settlement (RTGS) system. The new system has led to inordinate delay in payments.NMC's finance department has tied up with the branch of Bank of Maharashtra located in its premises. However, instead of expediting the payments, contractors are not getting them as the NMC and bank officials are passing the buck on to each other. Several NMC contractors met municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal and chief accounts and finance officer (CAFO) Madan Gadge in this regard.C Vijay Nayudu, president of NMC Contractor's Welfare Association, charged that bank officials were deliberately delaying the payments of contractors, who did not have an account in Bank of Maharashtra. \"The bank officials are asking us to open an account in their bank. They claim that this would ensure speedy delivery of payment. The bank officials give different excuses to different contractors. They told some of us that the branch could handle six five or six RTGS payments in a day, which is ridiculous.\"Nayudu explained that many small contractors could not open another account as they had overdraft facility in the existing account. \"You can't have overdraft facility in one bank and start another account. The payment is specifically marked for the account having overdraft facility. We know that opening an account in Bank of Maharashtra would ease things but this should not be a compulsion.\"F N Ukey, senior manager of Bank of Maharashtra, NMC branch, claimed, \"If you use the RTGS route, the money goes through RBI. Even if there is a minor mistake in the form describing the work and payment, it gets rejected. That is why we are advising the contractors to open an account with us. Then there would be no formalities involved.\"CAFO Gadge said that only those contractors, who did not fill the forms properly, had faced problems. He also denied that the bank was pressurizing the contractors to start an account with it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13460522", "title": "Tough battle ahead for air crash victim", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six-year-old Sreepada lay in the operation theatre of a Chennai hospital as doctors worked on her thigh injury sustained in May 14's air crash in Nepal. On the same day, her father TK Sreekanth's battle for survival grew tougher.The 38-year-old IT professional, one of the survivors of the air crash that claimed 15 lives, was airlifted to AIIMS Trauma Centre after spending more than a week in coma at a hospital in Nepal. Doctors said he had suffered severe internal injury in the head, and his brain functions were lost. Now, the family is hoping for a miracle to pull the father of two out of danger.\"He should survive for the sake of his two children, Sreevardhani and Sreepada. They are in a state of trauma following the incident. Both of them have suffered injuries in the crash, though they managed to survive. Their mother died in the crash,\" said SS Rajan, a relative.Rajan said Sreekanth was a systems engineer with Infosys in Mahindra City and had left for Nepal on May 10 along with his wife Latha (35) and their daughters.\"It was a coincidence that they boarded the Agni Air aircraft. There were 120 others from Chennai in their group but only 18 people boarded the plane,\" said the relative. He added that the girls had identified Sreekanth after the accident and he was taken to hospital. \"Everyone, from local doctors to the embassy officials helped us.\"While doctors at AIIMS said complete recovery would be difficult given the nature of Sreekanth's injuries, Dr MC Misra, chief of the trauma centre, said, \"We just hope that with time his brain functions are restored\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13460642", "title": "Tiatrists enter political theatre", "text": "MARGAO: For years, tiatrists have enthralled audiences through their outstanding skills in the art of theatre , with one of the genre's hit themes being satire in politics. Though it remains central to their art, the recently concluded panchayat elections witnessed at least four tiatrists plunging directly into grassroots politics by contesting the polls. Significantly, three of them came up trumps.Menino Fernandes, popularly known as Menino de Bandar, got elected from Benaulim panchayat while Milagres de Chandor made it to the Guiridolim panchayat body. Both have been elected for the third time in a row. Domnick Carvalho, who won from Majorda panchayat, is a new face on the local self government body. However, Connie M, who contested the panchayat elections from Seraulim panchayat, had to face defeat.Menino de Bandar, who has scripted and directed many well-known tiatrs, has won a number of prizes for his performance in theatre art. Being a third-term panchayat member, the tiatrist will now have to assume a more responsible role to play in the political theatre. A known supporter of former minister Churchill Alemao , Fernandes is pleased with his performance in the elections. \"What's important is that I have won from three different wards each time. I enjoy the support of people from all the wards,\" Menino said.He, however, doesn't want to see himself as one who dabbles in politics, though. \"For me, it's not about politics. I have been contesting panchayat elections because I want to serve society and solve problems concerning my village,\" Menino told TOI.Milagres de Chandor is also a big name on the Konkani stage. He was however not available for his comments, as he left Indian shores on Tuesday alongwith his entourage for a tour of England to stage tiatr shows for the Konkani audience there.Domnick Carvalho, speaking to TOI, stressed that his decision to contest the elections was driven by the desire to contribute his bit to the \"betterment of my village.\"\"Through our tiatrs, we try to send subtle messages and lessons aimed at instilling some values in the society. Just before the elections, I started getting suggestions from the people to contest the polls. In such circumstances, as a tiatrist, one needs to take a stand. I decided to contest with the sole aim to help in the development of my village,\" Carvalho said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13460494", "title": "Thyroid cancer is completely curable if detected early, says expert", "text": "PUNE: As cases of thyroid cancer continue to rise in the last few years, experts say with early diagnosis and treatment, most of these cases are completely curable.\"Surgery to remove all or most of the thyroid and lymph nodes is mostly taken up. And now, radioactive iodine treatment is increasingly being used to kill cancer cells that may have been left behind after surgery, or those that are spread in the body or thyroid cancer that reappears after treatment,\" said thyroid cancer specialist Sameer Sonar, chief of molecular imaging and nuclear medicine at Ruby Hall Clinic.To make people aware and understand the importance of thyroid health and the medical advancement achieved in treating thyroid diseases, the World Thyroid Day is observed every year on May 25.The thyroid gland, located in the lower part of the neck, secretes hormones that deliver energy to body cells and controls metabolism. Thyroid diseases such as hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, goiter, benign lumps, thyroiditis, auto-immune thyroid disease and thyroid cancer have become common globally, affecting millions of people.According to the Indian Thyroid Society, 4.2 crore Indians suffer from thyroid disorders, among which almost 90% are undiagnosed.Thyroid cancer is the most common endocrine malignancy. Its symptoms may include lump in the neck, pain in the lower front part of the neck, swollen lymph nodes in the neck, hoarseness of voice, and trouble in breathing and swallowing.Physical examination, blood tests, thyroid and other scans, thyroid ultrasound, fine-needle aspiration biopsy and surgical biopsy can be done to detect thyroid cancer in a patient. \"For most thyroid cancer cases, the entire thyroid is removed and the patients need to take thyroid replacement hormone throughout their lives. Lymph nodes in the neck that contain cancer are also removed. With radioactive Iodine therapy post-surgery, any thyroid tissue remaining in the body takes up the iodine which kills cancer cells,\" Sonar said.Radioactive Iodine Therapy is now available in many hospitals in the country. It requires a special set up, including isolation rooms and separate drainage system.\"Administering a dosage of radioactive iodine post operatively can save a person's life by killing the microscopic cancer cells and even help patients whose thyroid cancer reappears after surgery. In the case of this patient, there were chances of cancer cells being left behind as she had several enlarged nodes and therefore the need for radioactive iodine treatment. After radioactive Iodine treatment, patients are kept in under observation in isolation wards to check the radiation levels. Lutetium therapy is another upcoming treatment option for thyroid cancer,\" said Sonar.Spreading awareness about the early and accurate diagnosis, correct and timely treatment with latest therapies and regular follow-ups are the keys can help free the world from diseases such as thyroid cancer, expert say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13462564", "title": "Hartal affects normal life in Thiruvananthapuram; scuffle at Vellayambalam", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Commuters who set out on the hartal day trusting the KSRTC were left in the lurch as the corporation stopped services abruptly following incidents of stone throwing by hartal supporters in some part of the city. The day started as usual with KSRTC buses plying on the city routes. However, by 10am, the services were suspended as buses were attacked at Kattakada, Malayinkeezh and Vattiyoorkavu.A scuffle broke out at Vellayambalam when the agitators tried to close down a petrol station that opened around 11am. A long queue of vehicles had formed which invited the attention of the hartal supporters, who charged in and demanded downing the shutters immediately. This sparked off a spat between the agitators and the motorists. When things seemed to get out of hand the police intervened and closed the outlet after the vehicles that were on the queue at that time were given fuel.Barring these incidents the hartal was peaceful in the city, as private vehicles were allowed to run on roads.As usual travellers were the most affected by the hartal. The city police had arranged vehicles to help the travellers who reached bus station and railway station at Thampanoor and Thiruvananthapuram international airport.The police vans ferried people from these three centers to different parts of the city. However, those who wanted to go to the outskirts of the city ended up waiting it out till the evening for the hartal to end.Meanwhile, those who did not want to wait fell prey to the taxi and auto rickshaw drivers who levied exorbitant rates from the travellers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13479448", "title": "\u201cPaisa\u201d is not against YS Jagan Mohan Reddy", "text": "Clearing all air that his upcoming movie \"Paisa\" is targeted at politician YS Jagan Mohan Reddy, creative director Krishna Vamsi reacted to the speculations by saying that the film deals with politics, but is not targeted at anyone (read Jagan Mohan Reddy).It's been widely speculated that \"Paisa\" is all about a young man who enters politics and quickly rises to the top position with his dubious deeds and Nani is reprising this role of young politician. However Krishna Vamsi has condemning these rumors saying that he's no singling out any politician in specific and the concept of the film is addressed in general.\"Paisa\" stars Nani, Catherine Tresa and Lucky Sharma. Ramesh Puppala of \"Mirapakay\" fame is producing the movie under the Yellow Flowers banner and Santosh Rai is handling the lens. The movie is currently being shot in Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13461900", "title": "Power shutdown tomorrow", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Saturday from 9am to 5:30pm for maintenance work.Kipauk: Part of PH Road, Baracka Road, AK Samy nagar, Abirami Mall, Kumutham, Aspiran Garden, Kuttiyappan Street, Kellys Road, Ormes Road, Thambusamy Road, Millers Road, Reganathan Avenue, Barnaby Road, Subramani Street, Sundharan Street, Balfour Road, Landons Road, SAP Camp Kellys Telephone Exchange, KG Road, Harleys Road, Branson garden, Secretariat Colony, MT Road, Varadhammal Garden, Tower Block Apartment, Part of Tailors Road,Sivasankaran Street, Halls Road, Umayal Street, Bank Street.Chintadripet: The Hindu, Mount Road, Telephone Exchange, East cooum river Road, Lafond Street, Singanna Chetty Street, Venkatesa Gramani Street, West Cooum Road, Padavattamman Koil Street, Bazaar Street, Lazer Church Street, Egmore Court, Pudupet, Haris Road, Eye Hospital, Veerabathran Street, Velayudha Chetty Street, Navalur Nagar, 11 KV Railway HT, Simpson HT Annasalai, Athipattan Street, Gymkhana HT , Garrison Engineer HT , Pallavan Salai, PATC HT,Sm Nagar, Pallavan Nagar, Gandhi Nagar, Annasalai, Narasingapuram, LG Road, Arunchala Naicken Street, Kalavai Chetty Street, Nyniappan Street, Agraharam Street, Ulagappamaistry Street, Samy Pandaram Street, Dharmaraja Street, Washerman Street, Sunguvar Agraharam Street, Singanna Chetty Street,Rajagopal Street, Old Bungalow Street, New Bunglow Street.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13462568", "title": "Many colleges in Mysore do well in II PU exams", "text": "MYSORE: Colleges in the district have done well in PU exams, whose results were announced on Wednesday. Vijaya Vittala PU College has achieved 98.8% pass percentage. Of the 255 Science students, 252 have passed (113 with distinction, and 123 first-class).In Marimallapa's PU College, 922 students have cleared the exam, putting the pass percentage at 95.95 (228 with distinction, 506 first-class).SBRR Mahajana PU College has secured 72% percentage. Of the 382 students, 277 have passed (with 10 distinction, and 111 first-class). Sonal Sait, who scored 572 marks in Commerce, is the college topper. T Chandrashekar (534 marks) and Prakash Heragatti (505 marks) topped in Science and Arts streams, respectively.K Puttaswamy Composite PU College secured 92% results. Of the 87 Science students, 82 have passed, while in Commerce, 40 of the 41 students have cleared the exams (9 with distinction, and 43 first-class). Akshay V Wodeyar is the college topper in Science stream with 566 marks. Expressing happiness over the students' performance, principal S K Anandathirtha said the college is improving every year.Of 228 students of Sri Vivekananda Education Institution, 216 have cleared the exam. In Science stream, 178 of 187 students have cleared the exams (65 with secured distinction). In commerce stream, 38 of the 41 students have cleared the exams (nine with distinction). Commerce students Princy Dsouza and M Monisha shared the top rank by securing 585 marks.They braved oddsThree visually challenged students of Govt PU College in Lakshmipuram here have successfully cleared the II PU exams, whose results were announced on Wednesday.Zabiulla Shareef has secured 75% marks, while his classmates Chidananda E B and Shivanna M S have scored 62% and 52%, respectively.Zabiulla, son of tailor Aslam Shareef, said he had put in lot of efforts, and is happy to see the hard work being paid off. He has secured 95 in Sociology and 93 in Kannada. Zabiulla wants to become a lecturer.Chidananda said he expected over 80% marks. He has scored 75 in Sociology and 70 in Kannada. His dream is to get a government job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13481721", "title": "Slimmer Ash makes appearance at Cannes", "text": "She finally made an appearance at the Cannes Festival and going by the pictures, it sure looks like a leaner and slimmer Aishwarya Rai Bachchan.Looking pretty in an Angelo Katsapis dress, Ash chose a dress that made use of a clever choice of colours - black grey and creamish white - that hid any post-preganancy flab.Touted to wear an Abu Jani - Sandeep Khosla traditional Indian wear, Ash surprised all with this outfit at the media call.It may be remembered that post pregnancy, a fuller Ash was seen making public appearances in either a loose salwar kameez or anarkalis, which only accentuated her weight gain. So, this dress was definitely was a better choice and it sure looks like the former Miss World has been working hard to lose weight. Going by this look mommy Ash, has managed to silence her critics - till she is seen in her next outfit - that is!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13463122", "title": "Mixed response to Imphal bandh", "text": "IMPHAL: Life in Imphal was partially hit on Thursday owing to a 48-hour bandh called in protest against the government's failure to pay post-matric scholarship to Scheduled Caste (SC) students for 2010-2010, even as a series of strikes on other issues are also looming large.Almost all major commercial establishments at Khwairamband market in the heart of Imphal were closed owing to the strike that came into force from Wednesday midnight. Besides, very few vehicles were seen on the roads. The bandh was, nevertheless, forceful in SC-dominated areas, including Kakching in Thoubal and Sekmai in Imphal West, with the agitators burning tyres and logs in the streets.On May 14, the Post Matric Scholarship Affected Guardian Committee (PMSAGC) served an ultimatum pertaining to its demand to chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh. The scholarship is sponsored by the Union ministry of social justice and empowerment and the same is given to SC students annually.M Manglem, a key functionary of the committee and general secretary of Lois (SCs of Manipur), recalled that several memorandums had been submitted to the CM and other related departments but to no avail.Meanwhile, the Federation of All Tribal Youth Clubs, Manipur (FATYCM), too, alleged that the state authorities have turned a blind eye to the 2011-12 post matric scholarship for Scheduled Tribe students and listing of beneficiary list for rural shelter scheme.The federation even cautioned that they would launch a stir in a democratic manner if the state continues to turn a deaf ear to the issue.On the other hand, a student body has also threatened to impose a 48-hour bandh in the hills if the authorities fail to cancel the scheduled interview for recruitment to various teaching and non-teaching posts in the Indira Gandhi National Tribal University, Regional Campus, Manipur (IGNTU-RCM).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13460453", "title": "Morcha held against Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority", "text": "PUNE: Protesting against the Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority's major action against unauthorized structures, hundreds of citizens participated in a morcha organized in Nigdi on Thursday.Various social groups and political parties, including the Shiv Sena, the BJP and the Nagrari Hakka Suraksha Samiti had organized the morcha which began at 10.30am in Nigdi.Prior to the morcha, a public meeting was held wherein leaders of various political parties and social organizations addressed the people.The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), too, supported the morcha.Shiv Sena leader Shrirang Barne said the citizens paid stamp duty to the government when they purchased or built their houses in Pradhikaran areas. These houses are now being termed as unauthorized constructions.The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has provided basic amenities like roads and water supply to the areas of PCNTDA or Pradhiakran. The PCNTDA, he said, does not have any right to take action against the structures. The agitation will be intensified if the state government does not regularize the structures, he said.The citizens carried black flags and raised slogans against the PCNTDA. Among others who spoke on the occasion were former independent corporator Maruti Bhapkar, Shiv Sena corporator Sulabha Ubale, Amar Sable of the BJP, Anant Korhale, group leader of MNS, Manav Kamble, president of Nagari Hakka Suraksha Samiti and Mayur Kalate, president of Pimpri Chinchwad NCP's youth wing.The agitators had to disperse without receiving any assurance from the PCNTDA officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13462875", "title": "Over 700 get the perfect 10", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The results of Central Board of School Examination (CBSE) Class X announced on Thursday saw a vast improvement over that of the previous year. A large number of students in city have cleared the exams with the cumulative grade point average (CGPA) of 10. Most of the Tricity students got CGPA of 9 and over 700 children achieved the perfect 10.In Tricity, a total of 14,500 students appeared for Class X examination out of which 4,500 took school-based tests and 10,000 external board exams. Last year, nearly 42% of students appeared in school-based boards while this year the ratio rose to 60% of the students appeared for school based boards. Like last year, this year too, most of the students who had opted for internal assessment, got perfect 10.The schools that offered both the options saw most of the students taking internal tests. In institutes like St John's High School, Carmel Convent and Delhi Public School only four to five students appeared in external boards, whereas children in Manav Mangal Schools in Chandigarh, Panchkula and Mohali, Holy Child School in Panchkula, The Millennium School in Mohali opted for external boards.If compared, Sacred Heart School, Chandigarh, secured the top position with maximum number of students with CGPA of 10 followed by Bhavan Vidyalaya, Panchkula, Delhi Public School, Chandigarh, Bhavan Vidyalaya School, Chandigarh, and Carmel Convent School, Chandigarh. However, many schools found it unjustifiable when it came to choosing the leading schools with more of perfect 10 CGPAs as many of them had students who opted for both boards whereas others had all students taking external boards, which is considered to be more difficult.According to the data released by the education department out of 79 government schools, 46 got 100% result for 2011-12.The pass percentage in 2011 had jumped to 98.9% from 78% in 2010 due to school-based assessment in Panchkula region that includes Haryana, Punjab, Himachal Pradesh, J&K; and Chandigarh and even this year it has been the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13459838", "title": "'Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited applied wrong tariff to industrial consumers'", "text": "NASHIK: A power consumer has alleged that the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) has applied the wrong tariff to low tension industrial consumers, resulting in consumers being charged a 40 percent higher tariff, despite the fact that the company's attention has been drawn towards the fact.Claiming that the company has failed to respond satisfactorily in the issue, the aggrieved consumer has filed a case with the internal grievances redressal forum (IGRF) and believes that there are more than one thousand industries suffering because of the same.Putting the facts before the IGRF, Nagesh Nadkarni of Herald Engineers has said that his company, like many others with sanctioned load less than 20 KW, fell in LT-V(A) category, but the tariff applied to the same was according to LT-V(B).\"This is very serious, as according to the 'B' category, the tariff shoots up from Rs 3.90 per unit to Rs 5.40 per unit and the fixed demand charges shoot up from Rs 150 per connection to Rs 100 per KW of billed demand. The tariff shoots up by 40 percent and the fixed demand charges also goes up from Rs 150 to Rs 1,000 and more as applicable,\" Nadkarni said.He further pointed out that prior to the Maharashtra Energy Regulatory Commission's (MERC) tariff order announced in September 2010, there was only one category of LT-V. But the order differentiates between the LT consumers with contract demand less than 20 KW.\"In my correspondence with the company since May 2011, I brought to the notice of MSEDCL that consumers like me were being wrongly billed (with higher tariff) even as we were correctly categorised in LT V(A) as our demand was less than 20 KW. However, in the month of April 2012, the MSEDCL changed the category to LT V (B) instead of correcting the tariff,\" Nadkarni said, adding that the officials changed the category to prove that billing was correct.There are many industries that have a contract demand lower than 20 KW, but are being wrongly charged. The company will have to repay the amounts to the consumers to whom it has charged excess, Nadkarni said. \"The quantum of this mistake will damage the credibility of the company as regards to its billing procedure, which is more serious as the sum involved is very high,\" he said.Further, he also drew the attention of IGRF towards the fact that the tariff order has no provision of charging power factor penalties from the consumers of his category, for not continuing in the category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13464185", "title": "Naveen Patnaik 'skips' UK lecture on development", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik , who is at present touring UK, on Thursday scrapped his scheduled public lecture at an institute expected to be attended by a number of human rights activists opposed to industrial projects infringing on tribal interests. There was, however, no official communication made here on the reported incident.According to a release issued by the Survival International, Naveen was invited to address a seminar at the Institute of Development Studies (IDS) near Brighton on \"Progress that has been made in human development in Odisha\". He, however, pulled out after learning that several human rights organizations including Survival International and Amnesty International as well as students from IDS planned to attend the lecture and quiz him about his record. Students had displayed a board with photos and details of some of the atrocities suffered in Odisha ahead of his expected arrival, the release added.The release said IDSis largely funded by the UK's Department for International Development (DFID), which gives Odisha millions in aid each year and quoted one activist from Sussex University as expressing disappointment over the chief minister \"not prepared to face the strong resistance and tough questions.\"It said Naveen's 12 years as chief minister had been \"tainted by widespread allegations of tribal rights violations\" to suppress efforts by \"indigenous communities to protect their land from industrialization\" and cited the Odisha mining corporation and Vedanta company's joint venture for mining of the Niyamgiri hill to bring home the point. \"Despite experts warning the mine would destroy the Dongria Kondh tribe, and Delhi preventing its development, Patnaik has continued to support it,\" it said adding the OMC had gone to challenge Delhi's decision in the Supreme Court.The release also quoted the Survival's director Stephen Corry as stating that 'there has been an alarming state-wide abuse of tribal peoples\" rights under Naveen's watch. \"Families trying to defend their lands from industrial projects have met police bullets, batons and brutality. The tribal peoples of Odisha have learnt that their leader places the profits of the industrialists over and above their rights. And British taxpayers are supporting his state with considerable funds,\" Corry alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13463031", "title": "Sukma collector visits native village, thanks all", "text": "MADURAI: Alex Paul Menon, the collector of Sukma district who was abducted by Maoists and released early this month, came to his native place Tirunelveli on Thursday, to thank the people who had prayed and worked for his release.The entire village of Samathanapuram and its surrounding areas went into a frenzy following the abduction of Menon, who had put their village on the map when he passed his IAS examinations with flying colours. Ever since he became the collector of Sukma district in Chattisgarh, he became the most famous person in the village and his visits were looked forward to by all fellow villagers.Joseph of the village recalls how they remained glued to the television set from April 21 onwards waiting for information on Menon's release. Special prayers were held in temples and churches and there was jubilation when he was finally set free.In order to thank the people, Menon arrived in Tirunelveli by the Anantapuri Express on Thursday morning, where he was given a grand welcome. There were members of political parties, Tamil Sandror Peravai, CITU and SC/ST welfare wing to greet him at the station with bouquets and garlands.He then proceeded to his mother's grave in the NGO colony in Palayamkottai and offered prayers before proceeding to his native Valliyoor village. He addressed a meeting near the Tirunelveli railway station in the evening, where he thanked the people for all that they had done for his release and their concern for his welfare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13486380", "title": "Telecom panel seeks sale of all 2G airwaves available", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Telecom Commission will present to the group of ministers on spectrum the option of selling all available 2G airwaves in this year's auction, rejecting sector regulator Trai's recommendation of a limited sale process.Telecom Secretary R Chandrasekhar said this was one of the two options finalised by the commission , the highest decisionmaking body of the communications ministry, at its meeting on Thursday. \"Under this scenario, there will be about 20 MHz of spectrum for sale in each region,\" Chandrasekhar said. The telecom secretary said the other proposal was to invite bids for at least 10 MHz of 2G airwaves for sale. \"This will ensure that a maximum of two players, which lost mobile permits following the Supreme Court order, win back licences. In case there is excess demand, there will be a top-up option where another 3.75 MHz is made available, taking the total quantum of airwaves to 13.75 MHz in every region,\" he said. A final decision will be taken by the panel of ministers, headed by Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee , that has been tasked with finalising the modalities of the spectrum sale. But the commission did not discuss the reserve price for the airwaves and this will be taken up at its meeting on Saturday. Spectrum to be sold in blocks Mobile phone companies had cried foul over the suggestion by the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India ( Trai) to limit the auction process to 5 MHz this year. They had demanded that all available airwaves be put up for sale.The Supreme Court has ordered the government to complete the auction by August 31. The telecom secretary said in both scenarios spectrum would be sold in blocks of 1.25 MHz each. \"An incumbent can bid for a maximum of two blocks, or 2.5 MHz, of airwaves while a new entrant or a company that lost it permits due to the Supreme Court order can bid for four blocks, or 5 MHz,\" he said.The Telecom Commission approved Trai's suggestion that spectrum held by incumbent GSM operators in the 900 MHz band be refarmed, or redistributed, among all operators through auctions, when mobile permits of these companies come up for renewal beginning 2014. \"Irrespective of whether we sell 10 MHz or 20 MHz in the auctions this year, some 2G airwaves will be kept in reserve for refarming. The details will be worked out and presented to the group of ministers after the telecom department completes a study analysing all possible options,\" Chandrasekhar added.The telecom secretary also said the commission had endorsed the regulator's proposal to make spectrum technology-neutral. This means all airwaves obtained through auctions can be used for providing any type of service. For instance, the 1800 MHz band that is currently used for providing 2G voice services can be used for 3G and 4G data services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13462038", "title": "Posh colonies for young professionals just unaffordable", "text": "INDORE: Young professionals, especially those from outside Indore, are having a hard time getting a suitable accommodation in the commercial capital. The situation is worse when it comes to posh areas like Palasia, Saket and Zanjeerwala crossing. The rent, generally, is way beyond their means.With rents in areas like Saket, Scheme 54 and New Palasia soaring to an approximate figure of Rs12,000 for a 2 BHK apartment, tenants are forced to find a moderately-priced apartment in areas like Kanadia road, Khajrana, Mahalaxmi Nagar, LIG to name a few.Sumit Man Singh, an professional, whose office is located at Zanjeerwala crossing says \"I spent a lot of time looking for a suitable apartment in areas near my office. Either people are unwilling to rent apartments or are waiting to fetch high prices for their property.\" Sumit now stays in a rented apartment in Ambedkar Nagar for Rs 4,500 per month.Another professional Rahul Sathe whose office is located near MY hospital has to stay in a rented apartment at Mahalakshmi colony for Rs 3,000 per month. \"Initially I tried looking for an apartment near my office but could not. A one BHK apartment is priced above Rs 6,000 per month which is too expensive,\" he says.Vikas Lohiya, a real estate agent says \"Depending on the locality, size of the apartment and amenities, property-owners fix rents.'' Another property dealer Jaideep Karnik believes \"Rents are high in areas like Scheme 54, Saket, Gulmohar colony while areas like Mahalakshmi colony, Goyal Nagar, Ashish Nagar, Brijeshwari and Tulsi Nagar have apartments available at moderate prices.''Some city residents also feel that living in outlying areas keeps them away from hustle and bustle of the city. Sanjay Sharma, a resident of Scheme 114 says \"Spacious parking space and less noise pollution add to the benefits of staying as tenant in my colony. Also, necessary things are easily available here.\"Many people, who wish own an apartment in the city find it hard to do so due to escalating property rates.Around six months back, Dhanshri Shukla planned to purchase an apartment at Rambagh but enormous property rates had held her back. \"Now I am looking for an apartment in Rambagh on rental basis but a one BHK apartment is Rs 5,000 per month excluding maintenance cost of Rs 1,000 per month, which is too costly.\"\"With swelling real estate values, rentals also increase,\" Gaurav Badjatia, a city-based builder says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13462527", "title": "Chepauk Stadium to open gates to 12,500 more fans for IPL semi-final match", "text": "CHENNAI: About 12,500 more fans will be able to witness the IPL semi-final on Friday and final on Sunday at the M A Chidambaram stadium.The Madras high court on Thursday allowed the Tamil Nadu Cricket Association (TNCA) to use the three newly built stands at the stadium at Chepauk for the two matches. The stands have a combined seating capacity of 12,500, with each ticket priced at 500 to 750. A specially-constituted vacation bench of the court comprising Justice V Dhanapalan and Justice T Mathivanan, however, made it clear that the cricket body should give an undertaking to the Chennai Corporation that it would ensure public safety and reimburse the damages at the venue.TNCA could not use the I, J and K stands as they had been constructed without a building plan permission from the Chennai Corporation and the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA). Following a notice from the civic bodies, the TNCA 'voluntarily' stopped using the stands in August 2011.On Wednesday, TNCA moved the high court stating that the state housing and urban development department had recommended granting of NOC for the structures on the condition that environmental clearance and permission from traffic police and fire and rescue services should be obtained. On Thursday, advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan and additional advocate-general P H Aravindpandian opposed any leniency to the 'illegal structures' and said it would set a bad precedent for building violators to demand similar leniency from the court. Senior counsel P S Raman said that while the commercial establishments of T Nagar had been permitted to reopen their sealed shops, it was unfair to stop a 'no-profit' entity like TNCA from using the premises since August 2011.Citing a Times of India report on a hoarding collapse at Kolkata injuring two persons, the additional advocate-general said in view of such possibilities at Chepauk, the 'illegal structure' should not be permitted to be put to use. Raman said that empty galleries would leave an adverse impact on the image of the state hosting the prestigious event. Noting that permission to use the stands would fetch about 25 lakh in entertainment tax for the government, he said seats in the stands would be sold for 500 and 750 to the common man.Ticket sale will commence at 8am on May 25, said TNCA honorary secretary K S Viswanathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13461949", "title": "Commercial taxes survey on caterers, marriage halls complete", "text": "INDORE: The commercial taxes department surveyed 403 marriage halls and 283 caterers during their 10-day door-to-door survey to finalise their tax liabilities. The survey that was kicked on May 14 ended on Wednesday.The department is now waiting for the details of the survey to make assessments of individuals. Barely a handful of the caterers and marriage gardens in the city were paying taxes that had forced the authorities to carry out door-to-door survey.Praveen Bhagdikar, director, commercial taxes department, said, \"It was a good experience as the owners of marriage halls and caterers turned up in a big number for registration.\"As per the figures available with the department until May 22, the Indore-1 division scored the highest among all the seven divisions in the state, as the survey was conducted at 157 locations in this division alone. Similarly, survey was conducted at 92 locations falling under the division-II and 79 locations falling under division-III of Indore district alone. The remaining divisions in the state where the survey was conducted during the period include Bhopal-I (149), Jabalpur (114) and Gwalior (95).A total of 267 officials from the department were deployed for the job, which comprised 89 teams. Now, as the campaign is complete, we will go for liability fixation within a month, said Bhagdikar.First, the department will fix the liability, which will be followed by the assessment. Based on the assessment, we will finalise the demand and then will recover it from them, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "13459684", "title": "Bhandara water supply to be improved", "text": "BHANDARA: Though Bhandara district has abundant water, it is the most backward among the five districts of Nagpur revenue division when it came to supply. Hence, concerted efforts will have to be made to improve the situation , said Laxman Dhobale, water supply minister.Addressing mediapersons at the Circuit House here, Dhobale said Maharashtra Jeevan Pradhikaran had conducted a survey of the town and recommended 12 MLT capacity water supply scheme at a cost of Rs 70 crore. The municipal council will have to contribute 2% of the total cost of the project after which the government will give its nod, he said.The minister visited Bhandara to know the ground reality of water supply in the district as well as the town and got information from social workers, representatives of NGOS and political workers. He said proper management was a major concern as water was available at a depth of just sixty metres. He said that old pipelines will have to be replaced to improve the distribution system.Dhobale said that the major complaint was of pollution of Wainganga water. Polluted water of Nag river was getting mixed with Wainganga which was hazardous for the health of human as well as livestock. The issue would be taken up with Nagpur Municipal Corporation ( NMC), he said.A barrage will be constructed on Nag river to control its polluted water so that pollutants could settle down at the beneath.Under a programme of the ministry, Rs 7 lakh are needed for purifying 10,000 litres of water for which the gram panchayat concerned will have to deposit 10% of total project cost as public contribution. The village panchayat will also have to come forward to install water filtration plants, he added.Every village will get pure drinking water. If polluted water is supplied to village, the sarpanch will have to complain to higher officials and get it tested. Even citizens can also make a similar demand.Chief executive officer of Bhandara zilla parishad Arun Dubey and district information officer Manisha Salve were present at the press conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13465372", "title": "Oxford University to honour Suu Kyi in June", "text": "LONDON: Nearly 20 years after Oxford University awarded her an honorary doctorate in Civil Law, Myanmar opposition leader Aung Saan Suu Kyi will arrive in UK to receive it at a special ceremony on June 20, the university said on Thursday.Suu Kyi studied, married and lived in Oxford until 1988, when she left for Myanmar to visit her ailing mother, but did not leave due to fears that she would not be allowed to return by the military junta.Suu Kyi will receive the honorary doctorate in civil law at Encaenia, the ceremony at which the university awards honorary degrees to distinguished people.Professor Andrew Hamilton , vice-chancellor of the university, said, \"We are delighted that Daw Suu is finally able to return to the university and greatly are looking forward to what will be a very special occasion.\" Suu Kyi read PPE (Philosophy , Politics and Economics ) at St Hugh's College from 1964 to 1967.Next week, 1st trip abroad in 24 yearsAung San Suu Kyi will travel outside Myanmar for the first time in 24 years next week to speak at an international forum in Thailand, her party said on. Her decision to venture outside the country comes after a year of dramatic change in Myanmar after almost 50 years of military rule, where she won a parliamentary seat through democratic elections. -- REUTERS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13461014", "title": "MoEF objects to Maya\u2019s Rs 8,000cr expressway project", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union environment and forest ministry has objected to former Uttar Pradesh CM Mayawati's ambitious 147.8 km-long Upper Ganga Canal Expressway project, saying it involves 760 hectare of forest area. The ministry has questioned the purpose of the Rs 8,000 crore project.The Upper Ganga Canal has NH 58 parallel to it more than a km away. Besides, a road also exists on its left parallel to the canal. But the Mayawati government emphasized the need for the expressway saying the \"roads get crowded during the movement of kawariyas''. Nobody from the UP Expressway Development Authority was ready to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13462523", "title": "'Many people getting counselled for addiction'", "text": "MYSORE: There is a rise in the number of people, including women, consulting psychiatrists to quit addictions like smoking and drinking in the city. Majority of those wanting to get rid of addiction is professionals. Speaking to TOI on Thursday, Mysore Medical College Research and Institute psychiatry department head Dr B N Raveesh said: \"Due to a rise in social parties organized by companies, many professionals get into such habits. Individuals in 25-30 consult psychiatrists to give up smoking and drinking,\" he said. \"Five years ago, an average of 10 persons were consulted at our hospital daily. But today, the number has risen to 35. Women too have come for counselling in the past year,\" he said. Dr Raveesh said the increase in the number of bar and restaurants and the availability of liquor at shopping malls have led to this phenomenon. JSS Medical College and Hospital psychiatry department head Dr T S Satyanarayana Rao said these days, smoking and drinking have become status symbols. \"Due to an increase in IT companies, many women are getting jobs and are becoming financially independent. There is an increase in their number consulting psychiatrists on addiction,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13461002", "title": "Maharana Pratap denied right place in history: Narendra Modi", "text": "JAIPUR: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi ended the mystery on his presence at the party's national executive meet during his visit to Udaipur on Thursday. Much before he landed in Mumbai, he announced in Udaipur that he would be attending the BJP meet, though he refused to take questions on Sanjay Joshi and the latter's resignation.Modi was in Udaipur to speak at a function held on the 472th birth anniversary of Maharana Pratap. After paying a floral tributes to Maharana Pratap's statue, Modi, said the society had forgotten a lot of legendary warriors and bravehearts in history. \"There is a false notion in our country that history begins and ends with one family. Those sitting in Delhi and governing the country are not bothered about the sacrifices made by the bravehearts and that is unfortunate. It is important for all administrators to remember and respect them,'' said Modi.Modi alleged that the pseudo-intellectuals and pseudo-secularists have denied Pratap his right place in history. \"It is important that the brave tales and thoughts of our heroes be compiled and passed from one generation to the other. The younger generation needs to understand that despite being from a royal family, Maharana Pratap dedicated his life to his motherland. A society which forgets its history will never be able to create one,'' he said.Interacting with the media, Modi lashed out at the UPA over the recent petrol price hike. \"The price hike only reflects the failure on part of the UPA government and PM Manmohan Singh. The UPA as a poll-promise assured to bring down the inflation but has been able to do little about it,'' said Modi.He also lashed out at the Centre for failing to bring a law to ban cow slaughter, saying that the Gujarat government has already introduced a law to protect cow but the Union government has failed to do so. \"Wonder if the Union government wants to bring in a pink revolution by exporting cow's meat,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13467182", "title": "Tanvi balances studies and sports with aplomb", "text": "PANAJI: There is something about Tanvi Nadkarni. Whether it is the confidence with which she speaks or the ease with which she has balanced sports and studies to achieve super success, there is something special about her.Many wince when asked to do that balancing act between sports and studies. But Tanvi is different. She belongs to that special breed that is blessed with the ability to not only handle both perfectly but also, quite astonishingly, emerge on top in each of them.The commerce topper at the just-announced Class XII results secured 92.5 per cent marks -- 555 out of 600 -- is also an accomplished sportsperson to boot. Not just of the participatory kind who hang around for sports merit marks, or fitness, but someone who has achieved success at a very high level.She has an international silver medal in taekwondo, is the state champion, has represented the country three times and has also dabbled with a fair degree of success in varied games including football, diving, roller skating, athletics and handball.\"I've been into sports since I was a kid. It's an integral, almost inseparable, part of me,\" said Tanvi.You would think the morning after securing the top state rank in commerce, she would be lazing in bed -- or relaxing at home -- but Tanvi, instead, headed straight for a rigorous taekwondo training session. After collecting her impressive marksheet from Don Bosco Higher Secondary School in the city, she would head back home in Margao, take lunch, and then back to training.\"Since it's holidays now I train twice a day but even during school and examinations, training for a couple of hours everyday is a must,\" explained Tanvi, daughter of Sameer and Binota, both architects.It is this strict and disciplined schedule which she has religiously stuck to that has helped Tanvi achieve unparalleled success. Every morning she would wake up at six, set out for Panaji half an hour later, attend college and then return home in Margao. Once lunch was taken and her revision done, it was time for taekwondo.\"I never had any problems balancing sports and studies. I think it's all about time management. I do not gallavant during free periods but prefer to revise what has been taught during the lecture. I never leave studies for another day, so that helps.\"Infact, to be honest, sports has helped a lot in my studies. Sports teaches you to be disciplined and that, in turn, helps you achieve success in life. I don't think I am the only one who has done this. There will be several others,\" said Tanvi, who switched from Manovikas High School in Margao to Don Bosco in Panaji only for the excellent sports backing.With a topper's marksheet in hand, Tanvi is now eyeing a place at the HR College in Mumbai. It's a move that is good for her prospects but her friends are a worried lot. \"They all ask me if I will now represent Maharashtra,\" laughs Tanvi.Her laugh gives away the answer. Tanvi may study in Mumbai, she may even train there but her heart will forever remain Goan. \"I will represent Goa and nobody else,\" she said.That would provide for some consolation, not just to her taekwondo friends, but also the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13485855", "title": "Dharun Ravi's month-long sentence may be cut by 10 days", "text": "NEW YORK: India-born Dharun Ravi , convicted of hate crime for spying on his gay roommate and sentenced to 30 days in jail, could end up spending only 20 days behind bars due to prison regulations in New Jersey that give credit to inmates for good behaviour.Ravi, 20, was to begin his prison term on May 31, after being sentenced earlier this week by Superior Court Judge Glenn Berman to a 30-day jail term, three years probation, 300 hours of community service and ordered to pay USD 10,000 to a community-based organisation that helps victims of bias crimes.However, the prosecution filed an appeal against his sentence arguing that it is lenient.Due to the appeal being filed in court, Ravi will now not head to jail next Thursday and his sentence would start only after the appeals court in Middlesex County makes its ruling.Once the former Rutgers student begins his prison term in New Jersey's county jail, it is likely that 10 days are cut off from his sentence due to state regulations that give credit to inmates for good behaviour, Middlesex County Adult Correction Center warden Edmond Cicchi said, according to a report in the Star-Ledger newspaper.Cicchi said New Jersey regulations allowed those who were sentenced to 30 days to have up to five days slashed from their term for good behavior and another five days for doing tasks like sweeping or mopping in prison.Short-term inmates in county jails are seldom kept for their full terms unless they are charged with rules infractions.Ravi had faced up to 10 years in prison and possible deportation to India when he was sentenced on May 21. His 30-day prison sentence was described as insufficient by Middlesex County Prosecutor Bruce Kaplan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13460451", "title": "Cops to be at the lakes to prevent suicides", "text": "NAGPUR: With the HSC results being declared on Friday and concerns about some disappointing students trying to end their life is rising. Commissioner of Police Ankush Dhanvijay has asked the police stations to keep a vigil at lakes and other suicide points. Gandhisagar, Telangkhedi, and Ambazari lakes would be particularly watched.In the last 23 days, 45 people, mostly youngsters and students, have committed suicide. The top cop has appealed to the parents not to pressure children regarding the results and deal calmly with disappointing results as well. \"Though cops will be trying hard to prevent suicides, it's the parents who must play the most important role in stopping their children from doing so. It is my request and suggestion to the parents not to scold their children for less than expected results or compare them with others,\" said Dhanvijay.He has also appealed to the students to contact the helpline number if they are unhappy with results. Social worker Seema Sakhare who has introduced the helpline number with SP rural Manoj Sharma has also appealed to the students to dial the suicide prevention helpline 8888817666 and not take any precipitate action.Dhanvijay has also asked police not to allow teenagers or youngsters to stand near the lakes. \"Despite this, if anyone attempts suicide, we will be ready to save them. The rescuers will be deployed at lakes,\" he said. \"It is difficult to stop people from committing suicide. Even at the Lakes, many youngsters come to enjoy and it's very difficult to mark out a potential suicide. He or she can jump from any point as it on takes a second. Still, city police will patrol keenly,\" said Dhanvijay.Sakhare told TOI that two HSC students had called the helpline and shared their worry about getting less marks even before the results have been declared. \"One of the youth was from rural area and he said that his parents had worked hard to pay his fees. He said if he could not meet their expectations then he had no right to live,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13458763", "title": "Kids\u2019 film workshop begins today", "text": "KOCHI: The Ernakulam district council for child welfare and heartlight foundation is conducting a week-long movie camp at the children's theatre in Subhash Park. The camp will begin on Friday.The camp will help to find new talents and help children to express their creativity. Out of 300 children who applied, 40 have been selected for the free camp. \"Cinema is a part of the syllabus now and so children should be exposed to it. It is also a kind of talent hunt,\" says K K Prakash, president of heartlight foundation.The mentor for the children's camp is director Alleppey Ashraf, who will be taking classes on acting, direction, script, story, and also animation movies. \"New generation kids are talented. In earlier days, people were introduced to movies at a much later age. Now things have changed as there is greater exposure. Children need to have an overall knowledge as opportunities strike them at a young age,\" he says.A short film will also be made under the guidance of Alleppey Ashraf by the best performers from the camp. Renowned personalities from the movie industry will also visit the camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13476582", "title": "I auditioned for Ferrari Ki Sawaari 30-40 times: Sharman Joshi", "text": "A talented actor. But not quite the face of a film. That's what Sharman Joshi has been perceived as so far. But with Vidhu Vinod Chopra's Ferrari Ki Sawaari that's going to change.Looking at the big posters at Chopra's sprawling office, Sharman lashes out at those who never considered him 'hero' enough. \"It was their lack of vision. They don't understand cinema. The notion will change now because of a magical producer - Vidhu Vinod Chopra. He has put his money where his mouth is. He did not simply tell me that I am a good actor and patted my back.When the opportunity arose, he cast me in a film. This required guts,\" says Sharman and adds, \"This is my first solo film. There were opportunities in the past but I chose not to be a part of them. I auditioned for this role 30-40 times. If I like the script I can try even 100 times for people who are sure about me.\"The Journey unfold s In fact, Sharman reveals that his journey unfolded in front of his eyes the day he started off his film career. \"I knew there would be this one important film that'll change my box office standing. The star in me is going to come in play with Ferrari Ki Sawaari . The box office figures will talk. There is only one maverick producer I know of - Vidhu. Most others don't have a creative bend of mind. They lack judgement about the right actor or director. They fail to back talent,\" the actor complains. However he believes that this film will turn the tables. \"There will be producers lining up to sign me. I won't be surprised,\" he predicts. It wasn't that he never got an offer for solo hero films. But Sharman never chose to be a part of those projects. \"I have only done films which I loved. People in this industry feel that if someone isn't signing too many projects, if they are offered a psycho solo hero film, he'll do it. But I will still not do the film if I don't like the script,\" Sharman explains. Show me the script, Please \"I want to tell them ki please pull up your socks, raise the bar and get me a good script. My focus is not to be part of a solo film. It's about being part of a fine script. It's really about being a part of great cinema. Not today but forever,\" claims the actor. And since Chopra is the one who had always offered him good scripts, Sharman is full of gratitude for the filmmaker. \"How many people in his position would offer me a film as important as Ferrari Ki Sawaari? He had all possible options. I always knew that a film like this would come my way. Though it happened a little late in life,\" says he. Interestingly, another filmmaker, Raju Hirani had reportedly offered him a film in the loo. When asked, Sharman laughs and clarifies, \"I was walking out of a multiplex where Raju had come to watch the promos of Munna Bhai Chale Amerika . I saw him but didn't want to disturb him. On my way out, he called out to me and he told me that he had something for me. My eyes popped out. Several months later, again in a loo of the same multiplex, I met him. The third time we met was again in the loo. Finally we met in an office and he offered me 3 Idiots.\" And though the film had catapulted Sharman's career, he had refrained from signing projects. \"I just picked up Ferrari Ki Sawaari ,\" smiles Sharman. And that's not because he is picky or strict. \"The standards are low. The problem isn't me. They need to raise the bar. Producers need to pay the writers enough so that they can sit in peace and work on a good script. It has to begin there. Everything else will fall into place. It is not easy to make quality stuff. You need time for it and it is crucial that they are paid well,\" says the actor. . So was it the reported huge signing amounts he had asked for that kept the filmmakers away? \"It is a personal matter. However, I am simply saying that if you can, pay me. If you can't, don't. I can't change what people think or say. For me, the script is the only criterion. If I want to do a film, I'll do it even without money,\" states Sharman. Daddy's little girl Shifting focus to personal life, Sharman tells us that he has intentionally kept his family away from the limelight. But when it comes to his six-year-old daughter Khyana, he says, \"I am her favourite actor. She told this to me two days ago. She has started forming opinions now. Recently at a photo shoot, she helped me pick the right pictures.\" Coming back to the film, Sharman boasts that he can fly a jet faster than the Ferrari he drove. \"I have clocked 200 kms'hr. It's exciting. I like fast cars and bikes,\" reveals the actor and then softly adds, \"Though in real life I drive a normal SUV. I don't do so many films to be able to afford a fancy car.\" But surely, this film is going to", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13459261", "title": "Why Congress has decided to go for Jagan\u2019s jugular", "text": "HYDERABAD: The story doing the rounds is that Jagan met his uncle Vivekananda on Thursday morning and told him to carry forward the election campaign with amma since \"I may be arrested\".Even as Jagan's hour of reckoning might be approaching the question is why the CBI (and by implication the government which means the Congress) would want to nab him just a fortnight before bypolls in 18 assembly seats. The arrest will lead to a groundswell in his favour and help him sweep the byelections. The understanding of the Congress leadership is that the party will in any case be routed in the byelections and the YSR Congress will sweep. Hence arresting Jagan will not hurt the Congress.However, if Jagan sweeps the bypolls, it will lead to an exodus of Congress MLAs to the YSR Congress and may create trouble for the Kiran Kumar Reddy government. It is to prevent this from happening the government has given a go ahead to the CBI to move forward full throttle.For those who came in late, the CBI has been investigating cases against Jagan for the last few months.Although the CBI had filed two chargesheets against him, it didn't question Jagan.If Jagan is arrested -- and his empire dismantled -- this will go as a signal to all Congressmen planning to leave the party. With Jagan in jail, the prospects of the YSR Congress consolidating its position in the coming months will be limited.This will give breathing space to the collapsing Congress in Andhra Pradesh to work out a new matrix before the next general elections. Andhra Pradesh sent 33 Congress MPs to the Lok Sabha in 2009 and the party's tally in 2014 will be crucial.But rejigging the party in the state is not an easy task considering that YSR systematically destroyed all leaders in the party in the state: district level upwards and created his own team. Half the Congress MLAs in the state are first-timers loyal to the YSR family. These are the MLAs who have jumped to Jagan's camp or have been planning moves.Many of them are linked to the YSR family by ties of relationship or business. Even if they stay back in the Congress for the time being what they will do later cannot be predicted.The Congress in Andhra Pradesh has traditionally been run by the Reddys with Kapus and Dalits being the junior partners.With Chiranjeevi, a Kapu merging his Prajarajyam with the Congress, his caste men are demanding a bigger share of the pie.This is much to the discomfiture of the Reddys who feel they will be reduced to a second class status. Many aver that only Jagan can keep the Reddy flag flying.Jagan (a Christian) has made inroads into the Dalit votes, because a significant number are Christians.The Congress has been unable to find a matching Reddy leader - the experiment with Kiran Kumar Reddy being a non-starter. Sonia Gandhi must be ruing the day she gave a free hand to YSR.Taking advantage of this, YSR built a Congress party that was personally loyal to him.The loyalty has now got transferred to Jagan, who showed a thumb to the central party for the last two and half years ago. Now will the Congress be able to rise from the ashes in Andhra Pradesh? Only time will tell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "13460623", "title": "Committee on River Princess meets today", "text": "CANDOLIM: The monitoring committee formed to oversee the work of removal of the stranded River Princess in Candolim is expected to meet again on Friday to review the progress of work on cutting the ship. The ship, however, is no longer visible.The monitoring committee comprising Mihir Vardhan, collector, North Goa, director of tourism Swapnil M Naik, Fermino Fernandes, convener, River Princess Hatao Manch, Candolim, and a representative of Arihant shipbreakers had conducted an inspection of the vessel on April 7. During the inspection, captain Sushil Ranjan of Arihant shipbreakers, which had bagged the contract to cut-up the ship, had stated that around 10% to 15% of the cutting work on the vessel was remaining. He also stated that if the weather conditions are favourable, then the work of wreck removal would be completed by the second week of May 2012.Arihant shipbreakers is expected to intimate the monitoring committee about the completion of the job any day now. Sources close to the shipbreakers said that all work on cutting up the ship is over and they are now surveying the area to check if any metal pieces from the ship are embedded in the sand. Since the ship was there for over a decade without any anti-corrosive measures, large pieces of metal which had rusted could have fallen off and been buried in the sand, it is learnt.Talking to ToI, director of tourism Swapnil Naik said, \"They have still not intimated us whether they've finished the work.\" He confirmed that they are expecting the company to intimate them any day now since the work was to be finished before the onset of the monsoon.Even though all work on the ship's removal may be finished, it will still be a while before the entire River Princess episode comes to an end because a government-appointed surveyor will have to certify that the ship has been removed in its entirety. \"If they (Arihant) don't intimate us in the next few days, it will not be possible to say that all work on the ship's removal is complete before the monsoon,\" Swapnil Naik said.\"Because after they intimate us we have to appoint a surveyor to inspect the site. We get one month to do that, but the weather is expected to turn rough because of the arrival of the monsoon early next month, so we cannot say when the surveyor will give his report certifying that the ship has been removed in its entirety,\" he explained, adding that it could even happen after the monsoon. The contractor will be paid only then, he said.Though they had a problem identifying a surveyor who could undertake this specialized job, they have now short-listed some surveyors, one of whom will be appointed as soon as they are intimated by the ship-breakers. Sourcs said that could happen early next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13462008", "title": "Kids making waves at Indore swimming pools", "text": "INDORE: At an age of just five years, she has taken aback even seasoned swimmers by swimming in the dreaded deepest waters at Nehru Park swimming pool, here. Meet the daredevil swimmer: Agrima Mishra. Fond of swimming and diving at the tender age, Agrima is a student of nursery at Delhi Public School.\"Agrima likes the water sport and that's what brings her to the swimming pool. The feat could be possible only due to her interest and support of her coach,\" said her mother Mona Mishra.\"We would leave it to her to decide weather to make a career in the sport,\" said the glad mother.Agrima is not alone to take on swimming at a tender age. Parv Maheshwari is a student of standard I. He comes daily early morning with his grandfather S N Maheswhari. \"Parv is enthusiastic and excited about swimming and gets up early morning. It is he who wakes me up and brings me to the pool,\" said the grandfather.The youngsters' love for swimming is proving beneficial to the elders as well. \"It was because of my grandson that I have been taking swimming classes at this age. The complete exercise that swimming offers is proving beneficial for me as well,\" the senior Maheshwari said.As such, there has been an unprecedented increase in the number of young swimmers at the pools this summer. Coach of Nehru Park Dinesh Bagora alias Deepu said that the number of children coming to swimming pools has increased almost 10 times. \"Earlier, hardly five children were there in a batch. It might be due to the summer vacation but now, at least 50 children come to the pools,\" Bagora said.Coach at Sayaji Hotel and Yeshwant Club, B B Kasbe too said that there has been spurt in the number of children going for swimming. He said around 70 children have joined the camp at Sayaji and 140 at Yeshwant Club. \"Children are fast learner of swimming compared to elders. Their performance in swimming pools is praiseworthy,\" Kasbe said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13460579", "title": "Pumps running dry will face probe: Anil Deshmukh", "text": "PUNE: Instructions have been issued to conduct an inquiry into petrol pumps in the city that ran dry on Wednesday and action will be taken against those found guilty of stocking petrol but closing early to benefit from the price hike, state food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh said on Thursday.There was no petrol at many pumps in the city after the union government announced the rise in petrol prices by Rs.7.54 per litre. The Pune Petrol Dealers' Association claimed they had failed to receive petrol supply from the oil companies resulting in the pumps running dry. Large crowds of vehicle owners waited in queues till late Wednesday night to fill up.Authorities will collect relevant information as to what happened on Wednesday, Deshmukh said. Based on the observations, further action will be initiated against those who failed to protect the interest of common citizens. Deshmukh said that various complaints had been received about early closure of petrol pumps on Wednesday. The authorities will look into every complaint, the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13481882", "title": "Parashar, Kapil Sharma to perform at Queer film festival", "text": "Actors Yuvraaj Parashar and Kapil Sharma to perform at Queer film festival in MumbaiSynopsis: Bollywood a ctors Yuvraaj Parashar and Kapil Sharma will be performing on the closing ceremony of the Queer film festival in Mumbai on 27 th May.Piyali Dasgupta", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13461582", "title": "Temperature touches 42.4 degrees", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Amdavaadis reeled under simmering heat on Thursday as temperatures touched 42.4 degrees Celsius. The city had recorded 41.7 degrees Celsius for the past three days.Officials said that the temperature is normal as 42 degrees is expected at this time of the month. Mercury also scaled to 42.4 degrees in Idar in Sabarkantha. Other places which recorded high temperature wasSurendranagar and Deesa also recoreded high temperatures. Gandhinagar recorded 41.5 degrees.Rattled by the heat, many people decided to stay indoors. Shobhana Patel, a homemaker said, \"I was supposed to go to the market but dropped my plans. The heat was unbearable because of whichI locked myself in the room with the air conditioner on full blast\". Youngsters took refuge in the pool. Meet Shah, a 17-year old student said, \"I jumped into the pool an hour before my scheduled time today and did not feel like coming out. I wish I could stay in the pool for the whole day as it is the only way to beat the heat.\"Weather officials said westerly to northwesterly winds are prevailing in lower levels over Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13465491", "title": "Mystery shrouds CISF cop\u2019s death", "text": "BHOPAL: Mystery shrouds death of the CISF head constable at the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO), who had allegedly committed suicide in the city on Wednesday evening.The police suspect it a case of poisoning. But short post-mortem report, which could confirm the exact reason of death, still awaited a day after the incident. Help from forensic experts was also sought.It was believed that he consumed celphos but the fact that makes the incident suspicious is neither the family members who were in the house when he had returned home nor the CISF personnel, who took him out of house after firing spotted him consuming poison.In a sensational incident on Wednesday, the deceased, Chhaju Ram, had fired ten rounds in the air from his carbine. He was believed to be upset against her daughter's alleged affair.The police said he left for duty on Wednesday afternoon, but came back in a short time. He had an argument with his daughter, a BSC II year student. However, the situation went on to the extent that he first beat up his daughter with a stick and fired around ten rounds in air.Police said the deceased's wife, his sons and nearby residents, including other guards intervened and managed to save the girl. Chhaju was later taken to the CISF control room at ISRO campus where he died.As the police waits for the short PM report, investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "13465539", "title": "Magadh University employees not paid salary since Feb 2012", "text": "GAYA: Over 5,000 teaching and non-teaching employees of the University headquarters, 44 constituent and four deficit grant minority colleges under Magadh University (MU) have not been paid their salary for the last three months.The last pay packet received by the university employees was for the month of February, 2012. February salary is generally exhausted in the clearance of income- tax (IT) and as such most of the employees particularly, 1,700 teachers got only part salary.Interestingly, when the Nitish Kumar-led NDA government came to power in November 2005, it assured regular salary payment to university and college employees. But the promise is yet to be fulfilled, said the employee union leaders.According to education department sources, the virtual stand-off between the government and the governor-cum-chancellor on a number of issues including appointment of vice chancellors, financial accountability in universities, creation of a state-level commission for appointment of teachers and establishment of a tribunal for grievance redressal of university employees, has added to the problems of higher education in the state.\"Irregular salary payment,\" according to Prof Arun Kumar, vice president of the state-level association of the deficit grant minority colleges, hits the hardest to those employees whose wards are studying outside the state.MU registrar D K Yadav attributed the delay in salary payment to non-receipt of salary grant from the state government The state government has not released the grant for the month of March and April. Payment will be made once the government releases salary grant. Asked about the tentative grant release schedule, the registrar said he had no idea. \"The employees may have to wait for a few weeks more,\" he added.Meanwhile, finding fault with the university budget, the state government has sought salary claim bills directly from the colleges and payment will be made on the basis of claims made by the colleges. As per the government guidelines, DA has to be calculated at the rate of 65%.On its part, the government is keen to keep a close tab on the internal resources of the colleges and the use of such internal resources, particularly the income generated from self- financing courses like MBA, MCA, BBA, BCA etc.Besides the financial aspect, the government is also keen to ensure quality teaching in the self-financing courses and discourage the tendency to out source such courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13477754", "title": "Theron's dogs help her raise adopted son", "text": "Charlize Theron has said that she is not a single parent to her adopted baby Jackson, adding that her two dogs are helping her raise her son.The Oscar winning actress adopted the baby when he just nine-days-old.\"It was the most beautiful thing I think I've ever witnessed. From the moment this baby came into our home, those two dogs have never been more in love,\" the New York Post quoted her as telling Ellen DeGeneres on her chat show.\"People keep saying, 'Oh you're a single mom,' and I'm like, 'Actually, I'm not. I got two boys helping me out.' It's incredible,\" she said.Theron looked glamorous on the show with her blonde hair straightened and a coat of red lipstick, seemed obsessive about her dogs -- Berkley, a terrier, and Blue, a pit bull -- who she calls her \"boys.\"\"The pit woke up with me for every feed, for every change, and whenever the baby would cry the pit would start crying.\"He'll do anything for that baby,\" she said. However, her terrier isn't as helpful. \"Berkley, he's actually the pacifier thief. \"He'll just lay there with the [baby's] pacifier in his mouth,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13460551", "title": "Maharashtra to get labs for cloud study, quake monitoring", "text": "PUNE: The Union ministry of earth sciences is setting up the Seismological Research Laboratory at Hazarmachi in Karad to address major issues pertaining to the occurrence of earthquakes, their mechanism and hazard to mankind, while a High Altitude Cloud Physics Laboratory and Monitoring (HACPLM) is being established at Mahabaleshwar, said chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Thursday.Chavan laid the foundation stone of the two laboratories in Karad and Mahabaleshwar, respectively, on Thursday. He said agriculture is important for economy and monsoon is important for agriculture, and herein lies the importance for monsoon prediction. The HACPLM will study clouds and undertake continuous observations of clouds, aerosols, weather and climate parameters.Meanwhile, he said Rs 400 crore will be invested for the Seismological Research Laboratory. The laboratory, which is being set up in Karad, will emerge as a world-class establishment with the state-of-the-art facilities.On the occasion, minister of science and technology and earth sciences Vilasrao Deshmukh said the Seismological Research Laboratory is the initiative of the centre and state governments and would become a centre of excellence where scientists from all over the world would visit and collaborate. \"The study which will be undertaken by the lab will be the first-of-its-kind in the world where a deep borehole of six to seven km would be drilled into a continental earthquake zone enabling study of the physical and chemical changes before, during and after an earthquake,\" he said.Shailesh Nayak, secretary, ministry of earth sciences, said both the laboratories would have world-class research labs. Also, the cloud study will not only help in better forecast, but will allow long-term observations that would help in climate studies.B N Goswami, director, Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology, Pune, said the institute has undertaken the national experiment 'cloud aerosol interaction and precipitation enhancement experiment' (CAIPEEX)to understand the interaction of cloud and aerosol using aircraft. But it has its limitations as it is expensive and requires logistic arrangement. WhereasThe study to be undertaken by the HACPLM will help in continuous observation of the clouds, enabling better prediction during monsoon.Around 15 IITM scientists will work under the programme, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13459266", "title": "Five suicides on a single day", "text": "KOLKATA: Five people, including a 15-year-old boy, committed suicide in different parts of the city and its fringes on Thursday.Five Kolkatans, all youths living in different parts of the city and its fringes, took their lives on Thursday. Their bodies were recovered from their respective homes. All victims were driven to suicide by depression caused from reasons ranging from an ailing bedridden mother to unrequited love in one case and abandonment by spouse in another.Thirty-eight-year-old Biswaranjan Sengupta committed suicide at his Kailash Ghosh Road residence in Haridevpur while his bedridden 90-year-old mother lay helpless in the adjoining room. Police retrieved the body on Thursday after locals complained of an unbearable stench. Sengupta's mother was rescued and admitted to a hospital, said joint commissioner (crime) Pallab Kanti Ghosh.Biswaranjan Sengupta, 38, committed suicide at his Kailash Ghosh Road residence in Haridevpur. His 90-year-old ailing bedridden mother had developed bedsores. On Thursday, police retrieved his body after locals complained about unbearable stench from the house. His mother was also rescued and removed to hospital, said joint commissioner (crime) Pallab Kanti Ghosh.At Bansdroni Place, the decomposed body of Saurav Basu, 24, was found hanging inside the attic of a two-storied building on Thursday morning. Preliminary probe revealed that Saurav, a resident of Garia's Kamdahari, was living alone at his aunt's place for the past few days. His body was sent to M R Bangur Hospital.Around 8.30 am, the decomposed body of Saurav Basu (24) was found hanging inside the attic of a two storied building at 169, Bansdroni Place under Regent Park police station. This was the residence of his aunt. Saurav was originally a resident of K49A Bose Para in Garia's Kamdahari locality, also under Bansdroni police station. Preliminary inquiry revealed that the deceased was living alone in his aunt's house for the past few days as other inmates were out of station. The body was sent to M R Bangur Hospital for further legal proceedings.While the motive behind Saurav's suicide was not yet known, A failed affair drove 19-year-old Sonam Kumari of Durga Das Lane, in the Watgunge police station area, to suicide. Sonam reportedly had an affair with a youth living in the same building and she became pregnant. She killed herself after the youth dumped her, leaving her depressed. She was found hanging from the bamboo rafter of the toilet.Based on the complaint lodged by Sonam's family, police have initiated a case of abetment of suicide against the youth.In the Watgunge police station area, 19-year-old Sonam Kumari of Durga Das Lane committed suicide by hanging herself from the bamboo rafter of the family toilet. Investigation revealed that she developed an affair with a youth living on the first floor of the house. She was depressed after the youth spurned her after making her pregnant. The youth refused to marry her. On the basis of the complaint by the victim's family, police initiated a case of abatement to suicide against the youth, Anjani Prasad Gupta.Fifteen-year-old Raju Kahar committed suicide on Thursday by hanging himself from a tree at Babutala railway quarters near Cossipore Railway yard.In another incident, Raju Kahar, 15, committed suicide on Thursday by hanging himself from a tree at Babutala railway quarters near Cossipore Railway yard. Police is yet to ascertain the motive behind the suicide.In Chitpore police station area, 32-year-old Narendra Prasad, a four-wheeler mechanic, committed suicide at his house.Ghosh Bagan Lane residence. He was depressed after his wife went back to her parents' home. one-and-a-half months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13477480", "title": "Kristen Stewart defends topless threesome scene", "text": "Kristen Stewart, who is under fire for appearing topless and in a threesome in her new movie, 'On the Road', has defended her move saying, \"I like pushing myself.\"\"In the film 'On The Road,' Kristen Stewart engages in a threesome and masturbates two male characters,\" Dan Gainor of the Culture and Media Institute told Radar Online.\"How will parents who took their daughters to see the 'Twilight' movies explain this? It is irresponsible of Stewart and manipulative of Hollywood bosses,\" Gainor said.Despite Gainor's complaint, Stewart doesn't seem too concerned. At a press conference for the film, she talked about the film's more sexual scenes.In the movie, based on Jack Kerouac's 1957 book, Stewart plays Luanne Henderson, the 16-year-old wife of Kerouac's friend Neal Cassasdy. She is seen shown topless in a backseat with actors Sam Riley , who plays Kerouac, and Garrett Hedlund , who plays Cassady.\"I wanted to do [the scene]. I love pushing. I love scaring myself,\" the New York Post quoted Stewart as saying.\"I've always wanted to get as close to an experience as I could,\" she added.While Stewart may be 22 now, she said that she was just 16 when discussions for the film first began.\"I was almost the same age Luanne was at the time, but I was a much younger 16, so I'm glad I had a chance to age before we started shooting,\" Stewart said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13467976", "title": "Thousands take to streets to oppose petrol price hike", "text": "RANCHI: Amid statewide street protests against the sudden and steep hike in petrol prices, chief minister Arjun Munda shot off a letter to Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Thursday asking him to reflect upon the efficacy of ongoing fiscal policies and come up with a logical solution for tackling the black money menace.Expressing concern about common people, particularly the daily wage earners, Munda said citizens should be proportionately benefited in the model of inclusive growth. \"In the country of 1.21 billion people, market and monetary balance could not be left on the discretion of Reserve Bank of India and others alone. It seems that transparency in policies is need of the hour,\" the letter reads.Munda, in the letter, has also expressed dissatisfaction over the contents of the white paper released by Union government over the issue of black money. Admitting that no government can check black money by press of a button he has asked the government to demonstrate commitment which according to him was missing from the details of black money presented in Parliament. Pointing finger on the uncontrolled rate of inflation over the past three years, Munda said hike of petrol prices by Rs 7.5 per litre would further add to rise in price of commodities and trigger inflation further.Meanwhile different political parties took to the streets to protest the hike. CPI central committee member Khagendra Thakur met governor Syed Ahmed expressing concern over the rise and appealed to the union government through him to reconsider the decision.Members of youth wing of the BJP took out a procession with an effigy of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh wearing bangles seated on a motor bike. The protestors later set the effigy on fire demanding roll back of the price hike. CPM activists brought out another procession at Capital's main square and burnt effigy of union government accusing it of taking anti-people decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13485833", "title": "Double treat for Akshay\u2019s fans", "text": "Apart from his outstanding action stunts, Akshay will offer a double treat to his fans.Akshay Kumar , who is back to action with the Rowdy Rathore , will be seen in double role.His double role in the film has been kept under wraps as the makers want it to be a surprise for his fans. Very few know about the double role except those who have seen the original film Vikramarkudu .In one role he will be seen as a small-time thief Shiva. And the other role will be that of a police officer Rathod. Apart from Sonakshi, actress Kajal Vashisht will also be seen in an important role.The original film Vikramarkudu was an action thriller in which Ravi Teja played the lead role. The film was so successful that it was remade in Tamil, Kannada and Bengali.Before Rowdy Rathore , Akshay has done double roles in films like Jai Kishan , Aflaaton and 8 x 10 Tasveer . Unfortunately none of his double roles proved to be lucky for him. Let's hope Rowdy Rathore breaks the jinx.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13459462", "title": "PM to meet Mamata in Kolkata on June 2", "text": "KOLKATA: Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee, who had skipped the dinner party hosted by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday to celebrate the third anniversary of UPA II, will receive the PM at the city airport on June 2 by all probabilities.Apart from the customary reception, the CM would also like to utilize the trip of Singh to turn it to her political gain. With Banerjee fuming over the oil price hike, she is likely to make full use of this opportunity. Moreover, the CM had been batting for long for a moratorium from the Centre to get relief from the debt burden of Rs 2 lakh crore. So, PM's visit will be a perfect platform for Banerjee as far as restructuring of the debt burden and bargaining for new projects for Bengal are concerned. The Centre has already hinted at giving clearances to some new projects in the state.Sources at Writers' Buildings said that according to protocol, the CM should be present at the airport along with the Governor to receive the PM, if she is in the city. \"But if the CM is not here, she can depute some other minister to receive the PM,\" the official said.As Congress does not have a majority in either Rajya Sabha or Lok Sabha and is dependent on UPA's first ally Trinamool Congress for the forthcoming Presidential election in July, the PM would also want to pacify the Bengal CM for her support to the Congress-backed presidential candidate. It may be noted that Mamata has already said she would either prefer Lok Sabha speaker Meira Kumar or former Bengal Governor Gopal Krishna Gandhi as her pick.The PM will be in the city for about four hours reaching the airport around 10am and leaving the city by 2pm. So, the meeting between the PM and CM is likely to be held at the airport. The two are expected to have a meeting for ten to fifteen minutes at the city airport, as the PM is not expected to go to the Raj Bhavan for his lunch or rest. Instead, he will be heading for the racecourse helipad from the convocation programme of Calcutta University. Before that, the PM will be attending a programme at Salt Lake.The CM's office said Mamata would obviously highlight the issue of oil price hike after her demand of a rollback on Thursday. She is averse to a bandh on the issue, as BJP has already called a bandh on May 31. She said: \"Nothing can be achieved through bandh, other than harassing people. We are against a bandh on the issue. But, we are protesting it and for that Trinamool Congress held a rally on Thursday.\" We do not only say, but we also protest against the oil hike.\"However, the CM is expecting a call from the PM confirming his visit to the city. An official at the CM's office said that the PM's visit is yet to be confirmed by the PMO. Considering the international pressure on the Indian government, the CM's office also expects that the PM may take up the Teesta water sharing issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13468276", "title": "Power failure stops Bokaro Steel Plant production", "text": "BOKARO: It was a black day for Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) -- one of the five steel-producing units of the Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL) - here on Thursday when production came down to zero following a 12-hour-long power failure since Wednesday night.The incident occurred at 2.50 am when electricity supply from Damodar Valley Corporation (DVC) to BSL was badly hit following over drawl and other technical problems. The sudden choke in DVC power supply has had its impact on Bokaro Power Supply Corporation Private Limited (BPSCL) disrupting its electricity production. BPSCL, a joint venture of SAIL and DVC, supplies its entire power produced to the BSL.The power crisis has thrown life out of gear both in the township and BSL plant. The township witnessed complete blackout in this summer when temperature outside soared tothan 45 degree Celsius.BSL chief of communication Sanjay Tiwari said production came to a grinding halt in almost all the mills, including Blast Furnace, Hot Strip Mill, Cold Rolling Mill, Slabbing Mill and other units of the BSL plant due to power shortage. BSL needs around 270-330 MW to run its plant efficiently. Of this, BSL imports 150 to 200 MW from DVC while BPSCL supplies 150-160 MW depending on its power generation, Tiwari said.BSL CEO Anutosh Maitra issued several guidelines to officials to overcome the crisis. Sources said the incident had alarm bells ringing in the top rungs of BSL and SAIL corporate office, Delhi. The halt in production for so many hours in the 4.5-MT capacity BSL would affect its overall annual production target of 14 MT set by SAIL. BSL contributes around 26% of SAIL annual production and 20% in its profit. The financial loss caused to the company has not been assessed yet but it will be in several crores, said a BSL officer.He added that it would take around four-five days to normalize entire production in the plant. Restoration work is being carried out by techies in full pace, he added.This is the third major incident in past three years when BSL production has come to a grinding halt raising concern among BSL and SAIL authorities. Earlier in August 2010, the production of BSL had reached zero after a water pipe through which water was supplied to five of the blast furnaces had burst resulting in huge water leakage. Production of the plant had also come to standstill for around 48 hours on March 17, 2011 when DVC transmission line suffered a breakdown.Chief engineer, Chandrapura Thermal Power Station (CTPS), R Basuri said the incident occurred due to power trips in the grid following over drawl of electricity by customers. He did not directly point finger at BSL for the over drawl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13463495", "title": "\u2018Laid-back municipal corporation let parks turn into parking lots\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The municipal corporation's move to hand over the maintainance of all 1,600 neighbourhood parks to resident welfare associations (RWAs) has kicked off a debate of sorts. People felt the condition of these parks has turned from bad to worse due to the laid-back attitude of the civic body. Most of these have literally transformed into parking lots, they alleged.According to information, the authorities had planned to employ 188 gardeners for the maintenance of parks, gardens around a year back, but since then the matter is pending and authorities have failed to even float the tender regarding employing these gardeners.At present, residents of various areas of the city have been using these parks to park their vehicles, drying their clothes etc, and MC has no check on these. Most of the resident welfare associations have already expressed resentment on taking the responsibility of these parks reasoning that the development won't be yield positive results and will become the reason of rivalry among various groups of RWAs.After a long debate, MC has got charge of 33 big gardens in the city from UT horticulture department in 2010, along with two additional departments, primary health and primary education, but nothing has been done so far to improve either of the departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13473657", "title": "All pervasive assessment", "text": "KOLKATA: Pearson unveiled Stanford 10 India - the Tenth Edition of the much-acclaimed Stanford Achievement Test Series on May 11, 2012 at Kenilworth Hotel, Kolkata. Stanford 10 India is the Indian adaptation of America's top school test and is the calibration of the international standard of excellence in achievement testing.Dr Jose Aikara, chairman of ICSE Board, inaugurated the test. Principals and educationists belonging from celebrated schools like Loreto House and Modern High School attended the glorious event along with concerned parents of wards wanting to take the test.Stanford 10 India is a valid and trustworthy device that is essential for objective assessment of achievement. Dr Aikara commenting on the test said, \"Using new techniques and technology makes the learning and teaching process for the students and staff more user-friendly and easy. Look at my hand. All my fingers do not have the same length or the same function. Today's generation is the 'thumb' generation.\"Stanford 10 India provides the students, parents and teachers a view of a child's rank on a national percentile scale unlike the normal exams, which only show a child's rank, compared to its classmates alone.Speaking on the occasion, Naveen Rajlani, senior vice president of ELT and School, Pearson Education said, \"We believe that application based learning fosters higher order of thinking skills such as critical thinking and creativity. In our endeavour to bring the best for Indian education system, Stanford 10 India is yet another product unmatched in its category. It will help schools in India change the way they educate students by helping and encouraging application-based learning over rote-learning.\"Revealing the features and benefits of the product via presentation, managing director of Pearson Clinical and Talent Assessment, Sushil Eapen averred, \"The test will be beneficial for students, parents and teachers across India. Pearson will be introducing Mathematics, Science and English Tests for Classes III to X in India and has plans to introduce more subjects in future years.\" The presentation was followed by a question-answer session, which aimed at clarifying the doubts of the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13464929", "title": "Rise in diesel and LPG prices could add to burden", "text": "MUMBAI: If the doomsday prediction over fuel subsidies ending or being reduced comes true over the next few days, then worst could be yet to come. The Centre was expected to announce an increase in diesel, kerosene and Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) prices as early as Friday. However, with the nationwide outcry over the petrol price hike growing, those plans could be shelved for now. But for how long remains to be seen. \"Rather than petrol, it is these three components of the fuel basket that Oil Marketing Companies (OMCs) claim cause them the maximum losses,\" says New Delhi-based oil industry expert Narendra Taneja. \"As per industry estimates, OMCs are losing Rs 480 per LPG cylinder, Rs 31.49 per litre on kerosene and Rs 13.64 per litre on diesel.\" In fact, the loss over petrol is comparatively lesser, just over Rs 7 per litre. So the petrol price hike may not be all the OMCs are looking for. Here's a quick glance at what the common man and household budgets can expect if diesel, LPG and kerosene prices go up.DieselOf all fuels, the price of diesel has the single largest impact on the economy, because it is used by the transportation industry, farmers who drive tractors and motorists who own some of the most high-end cars. Should the cost of diesel rise, it would impact the cost of fruit and vegetables , daily essentials, garments, housing, courier services and indeed every industry that depends on transportation at any stage of production or distribution of goods and services.LPGThe cost of a single household cooking cylinder would go up if the OMCs' losses are to be reduced . Currently, the price is Rs 402 and it is anybody's guess what the hike could be since, if the government sought to rationalize costs, the cost of a cylinder would double. There are also moves to categorize households and the number of subsidized cylinders they would be entitled to. For example , households earning more than Rs 50,000 a month could find their subsidy limited to three or four refills per annum, meaning the other refills would be costlier. Eating out would also become costlier. The owner of Ramnath Snacks at Parel says, \"Already the refill's cost has risen from Rs 1,200 to Rs 1,600 in six months. If it increases further, we will be hard pressed to serve even the humble dosa or grilled sandwiches without revising rates.\"KeroseneIt's the poor man's fuel at all times and any increase from the present Rs 12.28 per litre would deal a body blow to those who depend on kerosene for their daily meals. If the subsidy is entirely abolished, the cost would go up to Rs 40 to 50 a litre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13470310", "title": "Indian cinema is a joke at Cannes: Livid producer", "text": "\"It's nothing but mutual masturbation,\" expostulates Sheetal Talwar from Cannes after the 'India Party' on Monday night which Talwar describes in his livid condition as \"frigging farce and waste of the Indian government's precious money.\"Producer Sheetal Talwar who is a regular at the annual Cannes jamboree, says this year's report-card for Bollywood at Cannes is deplorable. \"We're a f...ng joke at Cannes. Every year we hear of this or that film going to Cannes .The fact is, hardly any Indian ever makes it into the competitive section. Even this year apart from Ashim Ahluwalia's Miss Lovely, all the other films that you hear about being at Cannes are in non-competitive sections. You only have to go through Cannes' official programme to realize the truth of what I am saying.\"What has really and truly disgusted Talwar is the splurging at the 'India Party' on Monday night where all stops were pulled . Talwar thinks the India Party is a symptom of the sickness that has seeped into the Indian participation at foreign festivals, particularly Cannes. \"Every year I come here and I see the Indian government's money being wasted by the so-called Indian Pavilion. What does this Pavilion achieve every year at Cannes? According to me,zilch.Every year members of the Indian film industry travel business class to Cannes, party with one another and go back without making any difference to global cinema.\"Sheetal Talwar notes there was not a single invitee from world cinema at the lavish India Party at Cannes on Monday night. \"I didn't see a single gora face. I only saw the same tired faces from Mumbai that I see every year . The NFDC funds the India Party.I believe they spend Rs 1 crore on the party alone. What does the party achieve in terms of getting us global recognition? How can we claim to crack Cannes when we can't even get any international filmmaker or actor to attend our party out there?\"Talwar wants the extavagant Bollywood entourage at Cannes to be stopped immediately. \"Let's not waste money on all-expenses-paid holidays for Bollywood at Cannes. Let NFDC use the money spent at Cannes on funding 4-5 young and bright Indian filmmakers every year.We stand to achieve more through that exercize than this useless annual Cannes orgy.\"Talwar opines there are only two personalities from the Mumbai film industry who have a standing in Cannes. \"One is filmmaker Sudhir Mishra and the other is producer Sunil Doshi. They genuinely care for cinema.They are devoted regulars at Cannes and respected. The rest of us-and I include myself-are only wasting our time over here at Cannes. Indian cinema is a joke at Cannes. But we don't realize it because we're busy having a good time at our government's expense.We continue to praise our own cinema and feel great about making what we consider world-class cinema. But face it barring a stray Satyajit Ray or Mira Nair ,the world is not interested in our cinema.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13460851", "title": "Cops summon co-producer in betting racket", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch on Thursday summoned movie producer Nitin Manmohan following his alleged links with bookies Devendra Kothari and Sonu Jalan. Prakash Chandanani and Manmohan jointly produced the anti-corruption film Gali Gali Chor Hai. Chandanani has come under the police scanner for allegedly accepting bets on IPL matches. The crime branch has already issued look-out notices against Manmohan's NRI close associates-Sunil Abhichandani alias Dubai and Chandanani.Kothari and Jalan, who claimed to have invested in the movie, disclosed names of several Bollywood personalities who placed bets. Cops claim Abhichandani handles the betting operations, while Chandanani is the link between bookies, punters and film actors. Meanwhile, the crime branch has forwarded a list of properties owned by Kothari and Jalan to the income tax department. Kothari owns three vehicles, including a BMW and an Audi, a cop said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13459970", "title": "Trauma care centre near Ozharde expressway planned", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC), which constructed the Pune-Mumbai expressway, plans to build a trauma care centre equipped with a heliport near Ozharde along the expressway.The trauma care centre will cater to people injured in accidents on the expressway. In case of serious injuries, victims can be taken by helicopter or an air ambulance service from the centre to any multispecialty hospital in Pune or Mumbai. Ozharde is around 16 km from Kiwale, the Pune end of the expressway.The trauma care centre is expected to be constructed by a private operator, which would be a public limited company, on a build-operate-transfer (BOT) basis in the next two years. The company will have to provide free facilities for landing and take-off of helicopters or air ambulances. The air ambulances will be provided by multispecialty hospitals having such services.A senior MSRDC official said people injured in accidents on the expressway are presently taken by ambulance to hospitals in Panvel or Talegaon. \"The heliport facility has been mooted to save on travel time. The injured need immediate medical treatment. There have been instances where victims have succumbed to their injuries while being taken to hospital,\" he said.The level-four trauma care centre will offer basic treatment and operations for accident victims. The centre will have a parking bay and a heliport as per the norms of the Director General of Civil Aviation. The private operator will be required to have minimum five acres of land near Ozharde. The MSRDC will provide a service road between the expressway to the trauma care centre.The 94.5-km six-lane expressway was opened for traffic in phases from 2000 to 2002. Over the last ten years, there has been a considerable increase in the number of vehicles using the expressway. The average traffic in 2011 was 30,000 passenger car units (PCUs), say officials. Statistics compiled by the MSRDC show that in the last five years, there have been over 9,000 accidents on the expressway. Nearly 2,000 of these accidents are in the \"major\" or \"very serious\" category. A majority of the accidents take place due to human error, the statistics show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13462933", "title": "Mud huts to house guards of VIPs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In place of security tents that were removed from green belts situated outside the houses of VVIPs, eco-friendly, cement-free structures are likely to come up instead inside the residences. In the first phase, houses of judges of Punjab and Haryana High Court will be covered. A joint team of police and UT architecture department has made these recommendations.The security tents were removed from outside the houses of VVIPs, VIPs including judges, bureaucrats, politicians etc following the instructions of high court on March 23.Construction of eco-friendly shelter houses was suggested inside the big bunglows of justices in several sectors instead of outside the houses.Sources told TOI, \"In the first phase of survey, houses of two dozen judges out of 42 were inspected and found their big houses fit for the constructions of shelters for security guards inside the houses. Prime reason behind the use of mud and bricks in the construction of shelters, is that these remain cool in summers and warm in winters.\"SP (security) Maneesh Chaudhary, who headed the committee, confirmed that a survey has been completed and in the first phase, team has covered the houses of Punjab and Haryana high courts' judges. He said the survey report and suggestions will be submitted before in the office of registrar of Punjab and Haryana high court shortly.Apart from the houses of judges, there is senior IPS, IAS, politicians and some protected personalities, those houses would also be surveyed shortly in this regard. As many as 75 security tents pitched on the designated green belts on city near the houses of high ups in Chandigarh were removed following the directions of HC on March 23. Out of these 75 tents, 60 were occupied by security staff of Punjab VVIPs, 3 by Haryana and 12 by Chandigarh based VVIPs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13480138", "title": "Karan Tacker turns host", "text": "TV heartthrob Karan Tacker has come a long way from his debut show, Love Ne Bana Di Jodi, Rang Badalti Odhani to the latest one being Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai, which has set the TRPs soaring.After setting the stage afire with his dance performances at various award functions and the popular Pantaloon Femina Miss India, the actor is all set to add yet another feather to his cap. Tacker will host the red carpet of International Indian Film Academy (IIFA) this year. He will fly to Singapore in the first week of June depending on his schedule for the prestigious awards, which will take place on June 9, 2012.When contacted, Karan refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13459907", "title": "BJP, CPI (M) united in protest against Centre", "text": "NASHIK: Arch-rival parties, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Communist Party of India (Marxists) (CPI (M)) appeared to be united by protests but divided by their party lines as they staged protests on Thursday against the hike in the price of petrol by the central government. Both the parties rallied independently one after the other in the evening at the district collectorate and presented a memorandum to the collector.Denouncing the central government for its decision to increase the price of petrol from Rs 40 per litre in 2009 to current Rs 78 per litre in 2012, the BJP demanded that the price hike should be withdrawn with immediate effect. \"It was surprising that the government took the decision only after the parliament session concluded,\" said member of parliament Harishchandra Chavan, leading the BJP contingent before presenting the memorandum to the collector.Claiming that this will have a devastating effect on society and further lead to unemployment , member of parliament from Dindori Chavan also said that the National Democratic Alliance has announced a Bharat Bandh on May 31 and appealed to citizens to be a part of the protest. Deputy mayor Satish Kulkarni, Suhas Pharande, city unit president of the BJP Lakshman Savji and others were present on the occasion. Even before the BJP had moved away from the collectorate, the CPI (M) morcha arrived, denouncing the central government.The party claimed that prices of petrol were falling and 'congratulated' the Central government for having announced the price hike despite the falling international prices.State CPM general secretary Dr D L Karad said, \"When crude oil was USD 114 per barrel, a USD was equivalent to Rs 46. Today the crude oil rate is placed at USD 91.5 per barrel, when the USD is equivalent to Rs 56, meaning the rates are more or less the same, in fact cheaper by Rs 120. There is absolutely no reason why the government should have hiked the price.\"Dr Karad led the delegation of activists to the collector to present a memorandum regarding the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13479087", "title": "Pak court dismisses Punjab govt's plea against terror suspects", "text": "LAHORE: A Pakistani court has dismissed the Punjab government's application seeking the cancellation of bail granted to five suspected terrorists linked to an attack on the Sri Lankan cricket team in 2009.A division bench of the Lahore high court headed by Justice Rauf Ahmad Sheikh on Thursday said the prosecution had no concrete evidence against the accused and the court could not issue any order on the basis of allegations.During the hearing, the bench was told that one of the accused released on bail had again been detained by intelligence agencies.The bench observed that the \"disappearances\" of citizens at the hands of intelligence agencies should be stopped now.Expressing concern at the deteriorating law and order situation in the country, the bench remarked Pakistan was on the verge of a collapse and decomposed bodies of \"missing persons\" were being found in Balochistan.The defence counsel said in his argument that police had no evidence against the accused and therefore the government's application should be dismissed.Police had informed the court at previous hearings that one of the accused involved in the attack had died in Afghanistan and another was missing.An anti-terrorism court had granted bail to Ubaidur Rehman, Javed Anwar, Mohsin Rasheed, Ibrahim Khalil and Qari Ashfaq, who were linked to the attack on the Sri Lankan team.The government, in its application, had contended that the accused were identified during an identification parade and had confessed to their crime during the investigation.A cache of weapons and suicide jackets was recovered from them but the accused had stopped appearing in the anti- terrorism court after getting bail, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13466607", "title": "Make J&K;\u2019s special status permanent: Interlocutors", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move that drew political fire, interlocutors on Jammu and Kashmir have placed fresh emphasis on Article 370, saying its \"erosion\" should be checked by replacing the word \"temporary\" in its title with \"special\" so as to reaffirm the state's \"dual character\".The report, made public on Thursday, said the state's special status should be made a permanent feature of the Constitution as \"its 'erosion' over the decades must be re-appraised to vest it with such powers as the state needs to promote the welfare of the people on its own terms.Proposing a constitutional committee to review all central Acts and articles extended to the state since 1952, the report said such a panel must bear in mind that \"...J&K; enjoys a special status in the Union, enshrined in Article 370 and the dual character of the people of the state, that they are both state subjects and Indian citizens.\"The report also suggested that Parliament make no laws applicable to the state unless relating to internal and external security and vital economic interests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13464219", "title": "Govt fields oil honchos to defend steep hike", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with popular anger, the government on Thursday fielded heads of its oil marketing companies who blamed Wednesday's steep hike in petrol price on the rupee's fall and attempted to mollify consumers by hinting at a reduction by month-end.\"Every dollar reduction in international oil price translates into a cut in product price by 33 paisa. But every time rupee depreciates against the US dollar by Re 1, it translates into a requirement to raise prices by 77 paisa,\" R S Butola, chairman of market leader Indian Oil Corporation, told reporters.Hindustan Petroleum Corp Ltd chairman Subir Roy Chowdhury denied there was any pressure from the government to roll back the price hike. \"Nobody has instructed us to do so.\"But Butola said public sector oil companies, by virtue of their being majority-owned by the sovereign, will have to follow instructions by the Centre.Butola said when the required increase in petrol to match its cost rose to over Rs 10 a litre, the oil companies made a joint representation to the government to temporarily bring regulation back and provide government subsidy for the difference between retail price and the cost.\"However, last week we received a communication from the government that they will not compensate us for losses as the product is deregulated. We were left with no option but to raise prices.\" Butola said the three government oilmarketers had lost Rs 2,331 crore during 50 days of current fiscal. This was on top of Rs 4,890 crore loss in last fiscal because of not being able to raise rates due to \"political compulsions\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13460469", "title": "Nine police inspectors transferred", "text": "NAGPUR: Nine police inspectors from the city were among the 160 from Maharashtra who were transferred on Thursday. Three of them are from the traffic police department.Traffic police inspector Avinash More and Arun Sawant has been transferred to Pune. ND Ingole, who was posted as senior police inspector of Ambazari police station for the past three years, was shifted to Regional Police Training School ( RPTS).PI Sanjay Khandekar was transferred from ACB to Akola. Ravindra Pisal of traffic department was moved to Satara.Koradi PI Prabhakar Rayte was transferred to Jalgaon. Avinash Karmarkar of ACB was posted to caste verification department. Dhantoli PI Sanjay Joshi was posted at Mumbai. Senior cop CP Gangurde was posted to Nandurbar and Rajkumar Pardesi to Sindhudurg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13461977", "title": "Ilizarov surgery: A ray of hope for people with limb deformities", "text": "INDORE: Forty-five-year-old Subodh Tonge, had fractured his right leg in an accident way back in 1997. Several surgeries later, he was not able to walk while bone grafting developed infection. Most of the doctors he visited advised amputation to minimize the chances of infection.But, he saw a ray of hope nearly one-and-half-year later when someone suggested him about Ilizarov fixator technique or surgery that mended the broken bone. \"I had lost all hopes of living a normal life as doctors had suggested amputation of my leg as even after rod implant and bone grafting infection persisted. After the doctors used the Ilizarov technique, I started walking in six months and now I am leading a normal life,\" said Tonge.Ilizarov is a technique was developed in 1950 in Kurgan, a Siberian city of Russia by G A Ilizarov is used to increase the height of bone by using wires or needles passing through the targeted bones. By this technique thin wires are passed through affected bone and a cage like frame around limb. The technique allows the patient to carry a normal life despite a fracture.Dr Anil Mahajan, an orthopaedic surgeon and Ilizarov technique expert says, \"It can change life of those who have limb deformity, congenital shortened stature or acquired due to accident, polio, wrongly united fracture, crush injury, pus formation in bone or bone gap.\"Ilizarov is a specialized technique and not every orthopaedic surgeon can do it. It is a known technique but due to its lengthy treatment few choose it.Dr Anil Bafna, orthopaedic surgeon and Ilizarov surgery expert says, \"The surgery can be performed on patients of any age. It is a natural bone lengthening surgery used for deformity correction. It is lesser known as there are only few trained doctors in this field and every doctor cannot afford the time it takes.\" Dr Bafna has been treating patients with Ilizarov surgery since 1994 and there are only two trained and qualified surgeons in this technique in city.\"There are 15-20 trained Ilizarov expert in the country,\" said Dr Bafna.Dr A. Ajmera, assistant professor who also use the technique on patients said, \"It is a prolonged technique and regular follow up has to be taken. Patients have to turn nuts and take care of the frame. It is not like routine surgery but it works wonder in the infection cases.\" Appreciating the technique of natural bone lengthening process Dr Girish Gupta, orthopaedic surgeon said, \"The results of this surgery are excellent. Those cases which cannot be treated with rod implants or bone grafting can be repaired through Ilizarov technique. Success rates are high.\"Under this technique it takes 10 days for 1cm of bone to grow and double the time for it to get strong. On an average, the length of the bone is increased by 5cm and it varies with patients. After a point, as the muscles get stretched and lead to stiffness or tightening of joint. The lengthening has to be stopped then. The surgery would be over in around three to five hours. But the days after the surgery would be a bigger challenge for the patients. With the rings around their legs, they need to be in the frame for months together depending upon their target. The frames are made in such a way that they can walk short distances.Calcium-rich food, including milk, egg, green leafy vegetables is a must. Hygiene and proper care for the legs need to be given during this period. Physiotherapy and exercises are the other requirements. The risks are the same as that of any surgery. But since it is a planted one the success rate is quite high.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13461623", "title": "Stepfather murders girl in Isanpur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A four-year-old girl was killed by her stepfather after altercation with her mother on Tuesday. Police arrested the accused on Thursday.Sarvar Husain Shaikh, 28, from Bapunagar has filed a complaint that his daughter Shabnam, 4, was killed by Sharif Khan Pathan, a resident of Nawabnagar, Shah-e-Alam. \"As per Shaikh's complaint, his wife had left him a month back and had started living with Pathan at her residence. On Tuesday, when Shabnam started crying after stepping on thorny bush near her residence, Pathan got angry and started beating her up. The beating was so severe that Shabnam went unconscious and was taken to the hospital where she died ,\" said a cop.Pathan told police that he was not happy with the girl as she always wanted to go back to her father and kept on complaining to her mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13477994", "title": "Kidman sent provocative pics of herself to director", "text": "Nicole Kidman has revealed that she had to do her own hair and makeup due to budgetary constraints for her new movie 'The Paperboy', and took photos in \"provocative positions\" and texted it to the film's director Lee Daniels.The 44-year-old actress reveals how she transformed herself into what one critic described as a \"hot, over-sexed Barbie\" for her latest role in Cannes competition entry 'The Paperboy'.In the adaptation of a Pete Dexter novel, the Australian Oscar winner plays trailer-trash bombshell Charlotte Bless, who is obsessed with a man on death row with whom she exchanges letters.She is drawn into a newspaper investigation into the prisoner, who may have been wrongfully convicted, triggering a frantic series of sexual encounters, humourous exchanges as well as violence and death in the Florida swamps.Directed by 'Precious' film maker Lee Daniels , 'The Paperboy' also stars Matthew McConaughey as tenacious but conflicted reporter Ward, Efron as his younger brother Jack, singer Macy Gray as housemaid Anita and John Cusack as the imprisoned Hillary.Kidman said she found some of her most rewarding roles in lower-budget, independently-produced movies, even if the Hollywood star had to do her own hair and makeup for the part of Charlotte, due to budgetary constraints.\"Lee just said to me, 'Look we have no money, you're going to have to do your own hair and make-up'. And I was like, 'OK Lee' ...\" the Telegraph quoted her as saying.\"So I actually went into my bathroom and ... This is so true! And I got out the fake tan and I put on lashes that were old and I ... got out a hair piece thing and it was platinum and I sort of threw it all on, I took a photo and I texted it to Lee, kind of all different provocative positions.\"And that was how it started to come together, because what he sent back, which I cannot say, but it was like 'thumbs up',\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "bihar industries minister renu kumari kushwaha is vocal about the centre's apathy in providing coal linkage to private power projects approved by the state investment promotion board. she is also critical of banks for not providing loans to industries in the state on time. at the same time, she tells ravi dayal, she is hopeful of accelerating industrial development of the state with the provision of subsidies for setting up of industries under the state industrial incentive policy 2011. excerpts", "code": "13464424", "title": "Investment climate has changed: Industries minister", "text": "Bihar industries minister Renu Kumari Kushwaha is vocal about the Centre's apathy in providing coal linkage to private power projects approved by the State Investment Promotion Board. She is also critical of banks for not providing loans to industries in the state on time. At the same time, she tells Ravi Dayal, she is hopeful of accelerating industrial development of the state with the provision of subsidies for setting up of industries under the State Industrial Incentive Policy 2011. Excerpts:What are the strengths of the state to promote industrial development?Bihar has good potential for agriculture due to favourable climate, abundance of water and rich soil, on the strength of which food processing industries can prosper. Bihar is fast emerging as a sugar, agro industries and food processing hub with substantial facilities being provided by the state government through subsidies and incentives under the Food Processing Policy and Industrial Incentive Policy 2011.What is the government's strategy for Industrial development?Efforts are on to bring Bihar on a par with the frontline states like Gujarat and Maharashtra. For this, not only the expansion of food processing sector but growth of other industries also has been planned. The state's Food Processing Policy is aimed at catalysing a robust growth of food processing sector. This is attracting scores of industries to the state. Very soon we will have a vibrant food processing sector in the state. A mega Food Park is coming up at Kahalgaon in Bhagalpur district.What are the measures taken for rehabilitation of sick industries?Some big industries being rejuvenated in the state include RBSM Jute Mill, Katihar, Dumraon Textiles, Asiatic Oxygen and Acetylene and Ashok Paper Mills, Darbhanga. However, revival of small industries became difficult due to the non-cooperative attitude of banks. Rehabilitation of Hindustan Fertiliser Corporation, Barauni, is in final phase. Banks have failed to provide finance for the revival of viable sick industries in the micro, small and medium enterprise (MSME) sector despite recommendation from the apex committee constituted by the state government for their rehabilitation.How does the state encourage investment for setting up of industries?Investment climate in Bihar has changed with the government providing facilities through single window clearance of projects. The State Investment Promotion Board (SIPB) approves the proposed industrial projects. Under the Industrial Incentive Policy 2011, the government has tried to create right industrial ambience to promote industrial growth by providing 100% exemption from stamp duy and registration fees to industries during the pre-production phase and giving capital subsidy for setting them up.What are the major problems faced in rapid industrial development?A major handicap is the less availability of power. For accelerated industrial growth, regular power supply is a must. But the Union government is not providing coal linkage to the proposed private power projects approved by the SIPB. We have taken up this issue. Once they get coal linkage, private power projects would be able to provide sufficient power to meet the demand of power by industries.What has the government done to tackle inadequate availability of power?The strategy is to encourage captive power units. For this, 50% incentive/subsidy of the cost of plant and machinery for captive power generation/diesel genset and 60% for captive power industries run by husk has been provided under the Industrial Incentive Policy 2011.Will the industries generate substantial employment?Indeed. The state government stresses on linking investment in industries to generation of employment. There is cluster approach to development of micro and small industries and efforts are on to provide working capital-cum-industrial credit cards to entrepreneurs under different Cluster Development Schemes.Is there stress on development of jute industry?Yes, the Punrasar Jute Park is coming up at Maranga in Purnia. It will have a capacity to produce 110 tonnes of jute yarn daily, and provide direct and indirect employment to about 10,000 people. Besides, the revival of Katihar Jute Mill will change the scene in Kosi belt, which is a jute growing belt. It needs to be noted that jute is an environment-friendly product.What is the government doing for protecting environment even while pushing for industrial development?In a bid to encourage industrial units maintaining zero pollution, Industrial Incentive Policy 2011 provides for subsidy to the units getting carbon credit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13461572", "title": "Was mass copying the norm at Jamkandorna?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Jamkandorna, which is in the eye of the storm after a major mass copying scam was unearthed, may have indulged in malpractice in the past. The centre whose result has been withheld because of ongoing investigations related to mass copying had posted over 90% result in previous years.In light of the mass copying incident unearthed there accidentally by teachers assessing the HSC (general) papers, officials now wonder if mass copying was the norm at this centre near Rajkot and it came to light only this year. In 2011 and 2010, the Jamkandorna centre had posted an impressive 99.05% result! The Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) announced on Tuesday that the result of 2,168 students who appeared for the exam from Jamkandorna would be withheld. This followed investigations which revealed that at least 250 students had mass copied as they were all found to be scoring in the range of 90-99 marks, made the same mistakes, and answered questions in an uncannily similar way!A case of mass copying was recorded at this centre in 2005 when 1,000-odd students were found to have mass copied. The GSHSEB had discontinued it as a board exam centre. Later, following political pressure, the centre was resumed.Meanwhile, MP from Porbandar Vitthal Radadiya along with a few board members met GSHSEB chairman R R Varsani and urged that results of Jamkandorna students be declared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13460745", "title": "4 armed men make off with gold worth Rs 3L", "text": "MUMBAI: Four armed men attacked a jewellery store owner and made off with gold ornaments weighing 10 tolas (approximately 116 gm), worth around Rs 3 lakh, from his shop on Thursday afternoon.Police officials said there were no security arrangements in place.The store, Ekveera Jewellers, at Sawarpada in Borivli (E), is run by Subhash Poddar (59). The police said that Poddar had taken the around 10X10 feet shop on rent four months ago. \"Poddar and his wife, Suchita, have lunch together in the shop and shut it between 1.30 pm and 4 pm. On Thursday, they were about to follow their routine, when the four drove up in a white Maruti Esteem at 1.30 pm. The men had two swords, an iron rod and a country-made revolver,\" said assistant commissioner Sunil Deshmukh.After parking the car outside, the men barged in, threatened Poddar with a revolver and started breaking the vault with the iron rod. When Poddar tried to resist, one of the robbers slashed him on the face with a sword. The men emptied the vault of ornaments, filled them in their bags, and escaped in their car.\"The Poddars raised an alarm while the robbers were fleeing. This caught the attention of bystanders and neighbouring shop-owners. The bystanders started chasing the car and some of them pelted stones, smashing the vehicle's window panes,\" an official said. Some bystanders noted down four digits of the car's registration number (7548).But Poddar and some bystanders got a good look at the four faces, as they were not masked, the police said.\"We were summoned to the police station, where we were shown photographs of men who have been caught in similar robberies. We are helping the cops prepare identity sketches of the robbers,\" an eyewitness told TOI.Poddar, who sustained injuries on his forehead and nose, was treated at a local hospital and discharged. \"We are probing if Poddar had a dispute with anyone. The robbers seemed to be aware of his schedule at the shop,\" another official said. The Dahisar police have registered a case of robbery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13464405", "title": "Infant mortality falls as awareness rises", "text": "MUMBAI: Amidst damning news of female feticide and dwindling sex ratio, there is some reason for cheer. Infant mortality rate (IMR) in the city has dipped to 29.5 in 2011 per 1,000 live births as compared to 33.5 in 2009 and 35 in 2005. This is also much lower than the national average of 44 deaths. Better healthcare combined with heightened awareness among parents has contributed to bringing down infant deaths from as high as 6,469 in 2005 to 4,948 in 2011. Deaths of children between age groups of one and five have also dipped from 1,249 cases in 2009 to 1,214 in 2010 and further down to 1,000 last year. Data revealed by the BMC on the basis of an RTI application filed by Chetan Kothari , though, shows that the island city has held on to its dubious reputation of reporting more infant deaths. And the numbers have only been increasing every year. While 1,748 infants had died in 2009 in the island city, the numbers had risen to 2,141 in 2010 and 2,123 last year. Overall, the IMR for island city remains over 40, or rather much higher than the overall rate of the city. Civic authorities insist that most of the tertiary care hospitals like KEM, Wadia and Nair that treat critical cases are located in the island city, and that could be a contributing factor to higher death numbers. Infant mortality rate remains a significant benchmark of the public healthcare system and its success in reaching out to the target population. Defined as the number of deaths of babies (under one year of age) per 1,000 live births, experts say it reflects the future of a society , child as well as maternal health in many ways. Dr Asha Advani, officer special duty of the family welfare department of the BMC, attributed the falling infant death rate to more number of institutional deliveries. \"Number of home births in Mumbai has significantly come down which means people are opting for institutional deliveries , thereby giving doctors a chance to salvage more lives,\" she said. Advani, though, said detailed observations have to be made in order to understand the existing deaths too. Experts say about 80% of neonatal deaths in the city take place in the first week of life. Dr Mamta Manglani, head of pediatric department at the Sion Hospital, said, \"Most of the deaths occur due to diarrhea , malnutrition, respiratory infection etc. But the situation is improving. Parents are becoming aware and do not waste much time before seeking medical help. The RTI also revealed how certain wards such as Parel, Sewri, Chembur, Byculla and Malad have reported more deaths than most other wards. A consultant from the state-run JJ Hospital said maternal and child health is most worrying among slumdwellers . \"A study conducted by Nair Hospital in Byculla had found that 44% of newborn babies had low birth weight compared to the state average of 21%.\" The expert added that while the falling IMR is happy news, maternal mortality still remains an issue of grave concern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13465041", "title": "3,700 trees face axe for safer airport", "text": "PATNA: In a move aimed at making the Jai Prakash Narayan International airport here fit for safe landing of aircrafts, about 3,700 trees of the Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park, also known as Patna zoo, could be either felled or pruned.The airport could be declared unfit for the landing of large aircrafts like Airbus 320 and Boeing 737 if the thick vegetation around it is not removed. In a survey undertaken in April this year by a team comprising personnel from the Patna airport and the zoo, 3,700 trees were identified for felling or pruning. The team marked the trees above 25 feet in height as A-0 which should be removed from the roots.Dipak Kumar Singh, principal secretary, state environment and forest department, said, \"We have received a letter from principal secretary, civil aviation department, Ravikant, regarding the removal of trees on the premises of Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park. The department is finalizing a proposal in this regard, which would be forwarded to the Union forest ministry within a week for its approval.\"Singh added that out of the 3,700 trees, 2,800 trees have been marked to be pruned by 10 metres. The rest 900 trees need to be felled completely. \"The park is a protected forest as per the Forest Conservation Act 1980, so we need permission from the Union forest ministry to prune or remove trees This proposal should be seriously considered as none of the two departments concerned stand to gain anything from it,\" Singh said.Ravi Kant, principal secretary, state civil aviation department, said, \"The department has got a notice from the Airport Authority of India (AAI) to make the airport safe for the landing of big aircrafts. We have to take the required initiative to keep the airport operational.\"He added that due to thick vegetation around the airport, the pilots making a landing here are forced to apply brakes, which increases the risk for passengers. The landing distance available has been reduced from 1,820 metres to 1,089 metres, which is risky for the landing of big aircrafts. It was not practical to shift the airport, he said.According to him, if the Union forest ministry does not give permission for cutting off the trees, then the airport will suffer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13462758", "title": "Enjoy traditional veena treat", "text": "Music aficionadoes can savour the music and rhythm of veena this Sunday evening. 'Veena Gana Sambhrama' will celebrate and commemorate the achievements of renowned musician M G Srinivas Iyengar. Three of his disciples will present the musical, playing the stringed instrument in the traditional style.MGS, as he is popularly known as, was a student of Veena Venkatagiriyappa. He followed the tradition of playing the Indian plucked-string instrument in legendary Veena Sheshanna's style. \"The 88-year-old is one of the last performers playing the veena in traditional style,\" recalls T S Venugopal of Yuva Dhwani, an organization that is promoting Indian classical music among youths.For the record, Saraswati veena is an Indian string instrument used in carnatic music. Taking its name after goddess Saraswati, who is depicted playing the instrument, it is used mostly in carnatic Indian classical music.MGS was inspired by Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar, carnatic vocalist known for his unique style. MGS strived to keep the traditional style alive. He practised \"non-correctional method\" to teach his students and had taught many artistes. To pay respect to this \"great guru\", his students have organized the concert. \"Through the event, we want to commemorate his services to the world of music, particularly carnatic music. The idea is to continue the unique style that he pursued and promoted,\" Venugopal said.The artiste has been felicitated with Gaanakala Bhushan by Ganakala Parishat, Gaana Kalatilaka by Sangeetha Nrutya Academy, while the state government has honoured him with the Rajyotsava Award. In 2004, he was awarded Kanaka Purandara Award - a first for any vainika (veena player).Noted artistes M K Sarswathi, Mysooru S Rajalaxmi and S V Sahana will pay musical tributes to MGS. The trio will be accompanied by G S Ramanujan and Mysooru A Radhesh on the mrudangam. Veena Gana Sambhrama, organized in association with city-based Nadabrhama Sangeetha Sabha, will start at 6 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13458776", "title": "Corporation\u2019s Suchitwa Varsham programme fails to click", "text": "KOCHI: It was with much fan-fare that the Suchitwa Varsham programme was launched in the city. While it was expected that this new initiative would help make Kochi a cleaner place, the corporation, which took the lead in launching it, failed in ensuring its continuity.Residents, who extended support to the programme, remain a disappointed lot as the project failed to reach out to the masses. The local body had given one-year training to students of 10 schools and five colleges as part of its environment master training (EMT) programme. It provided training on decentralized waste treatment, and was conducted with the help of organizations like residents associations.\"There was no follow-up action. We have no clue what happened after the training sessions. It appears to have been another wasted effort,\" said Ranganatha Prabhu, president, Ernakulam District Residents Association Apex Council.The civic body had also announced a plan to rope in schoolchildren for collecting plastic waste. Children from CBSE and ICSE schools were also expected to participate in the drive. Children were to collect pet bottles, covers, wrappers and carry bags and drop them at a designated place in schools. The local body's cleaning staff was to collect them. This project too has not taken off.Health standing committee chairman T K Asharaf, however, said Suchitwa Varsham programmes were being conducted without any break even though the corporation had gone slow for some time. He also said new initiatives were being planned under the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13463960", "title": "MoD unhappy with General", "text": "NEW DELHI: The defence ministry is seething with anger at the way Army chief General V K Singh has acted in \"a motivated and arbitrary'' manner to slap a show-cause censure notice on Lt Gen Dalbir Singh Suhag, in an all too obvious bid to scuttle the succession line in the 1.13-million strong force.But while MoD will \"keep its peace'' - much like it has for over a year to avoid being seen as acting against a military chief widely perceived to be \"scrupulously honest'' - till Gen V K Singh hangs his boots on May 31, its game-plan is ready.The ministry has factored in the possibility of Gen Singh using the censure notice to impose a discipline and vigilance (DV) promotion ban on Lt Gen Suhag, the 3 Corps commander in Dimapur who is in line to become an Army commander on June 1 and then the chief in 2014.\"Gen V K Singh himself had revoked the DV ban on Lt-Gen Ramesh Halgali, one of the four indicted generals in the Sukna land scam, to first promote him as a corps commander and then make him the deputy chief. Similarly, if a DV ban is imposed on Lt Gen Suhag, it can be lifted after May 31,'' said a senior official.The ministry is convinced that Gen Singh is now trying to foil Lt Gen Suhag's chances of making it to the top job, after failing to do the same against present Eastern Army commander and chief-designate Lt Gen Bikram Singh earlier, in the bitter factional feud that has gripped the Army like never before.Gen Singh, however, argues that Lt Gen Suhag \"abdicated responsibility'' and acted in \"a most unprofessional and lackadaisical manner'' in handling the botched operation in Jorhat region of Assam by an intelligence unit under him last December.Moreover, as the Army chief has held in his censure notice, the commanding officer of the intelligence unit, Colonel Govindan Sreekumar, was even found to be \"masquerading in Delhi'' to plant \"anti-organisation stories'' in the media.This is where the actual trigger for the unprecedented action by Gen Singh, who is staunchly opposed to the Bikram-Suhag line of succession, may actually lie. It may be recalled that the Army HQ in a press statement on March 5 had accused retired Defence Intelligence Agency chief Lt General Tejinder Singh (who has filed a defamation case against Gen V K Singh) and some \"disgruntled'' serving and retired military intelligence officers of \"fabricating the fiction'' that a covert Army unit had spied on MoD officials during the prolonged stand-off over Gen V K Singh's age.The promotion of Lt-Gen Suhag and military secretary Lt Gen Sanjeev Chachra to the Army commander rank is now likely to take place only after Gen V K Singh superannuates a week from now.As per the earlier clearance by MoD, Lt Gen Suhag was slated to replace the chief designate Lt Gen Bikram Singh as the Eastern Command chief in Kolkata, while Lt Gen Chachra was to take over the Chandimandir-based Western Command from Lt Gen Shankar Ghosh, who too retires on May 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13459163", "title": "Petrol price hike fuels protests in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The main opposition parties including TDP, CPI, CPM, and BJP launched statewide protests against the petrol price hike on Thursday demanding that it be rolled back.In a dramatic turn to the agitation, TDP workers threw a motorbike into Hussainsagar in the morning saying that motor vehicles have now become unaffordable for the common man given the massive rise in fuel prices.Led by their state general secretary K Narayana, CPI members along with MLC CJ Chandrashekar Rao took out a rally from Himayatnagar to Narayanaguda crossroads and burnt an effigy representing the UPA government. Accusing Reliance Industries of creating artificial scarcity to force the price hike, the leaders urged the Centre to nationalize the firm's petroleum and gas business.BV Ragahvulu, the CPI(M) state general secretary, led a cycle rally from MB Bhavan to RTC crossroads while BJP organized a sit-in at the district headquarters and burnt the effigy of the Union government.Reports of protests against the petrol price hike poured in from all corners of the state with rasta rokos and demonstrations held demanding a rollback.K Harish Rao, the TRS MLA, led a protest rally at Siddipet while his party workers staged protests at Aler, Bhongir and Nakrekal.In Siddipet, BJP activists conducted motorbike rallies with the saffron party leaders burning effigies of the UPA government in Rangareddy district's Maheswaram mandal. YSR Congress Party activists organised a huge rally at Ramnanujapalli in Tirupati mandal.Protests were also held at Vijayawada, Visakhapatnam, Nellore, Anantapur and other towns and led to police detaining agitators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13460582", "title": "Rollback petrol price hike: Communist Party of India", "text": "PANAJI: The Communist Party of India held a demonstration at Kranti circle in Panaji protesting the steep increase in petrol prices by 7.50 per litre. Over 200 cadres of the CPI were part of the demonstration from morning. They were also supported by All India Trade Union Congress ( AITUC) workers.Addressing the cadres, CPI general secretary Christopher Fonseca demanded an immediate rollback of the petrol prices stating \"that the whopping rise in petrol rates is bound to trigger a cascading effect on the prices of all essential commodities.\"He questioned the need for the hike since international crude oil prices were falling.\"The insensitivity of the UPA government is only increasing. The price hike shows that the UPA government has become alienated from the people,\" said Fonseca. \"This shows that the UPA has been stricken with the suicide syndrome,\" he added.Fonseca felt \"government officials and ministers are oblivious to the hardships of the people as their (fuel and other expenditure) bills are paid by the state exchequer\".\"While neighbouring countries are keeping a tight watch on petrol products, the Indian government is trigger happy linking petrol prices to the market, and increasing rates every three months,\" he added.He also declared that in order to face this price rise workers would be compelled to intensify their struggle for immediate notification of enhanced statutory minimum wages of 10,000 per month for all the unskilled workers by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13463749", "title": "\u2018Protest resignation\u2019 of inspector accepted", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh police have accepted the \"protest resignation\" of crime branch in charge Inspector Amanjot Singh and served him a two-month notice on Thursday. Amanjot has been sent to police lines, Sector 26.It is for the first time when an inspector-rank official of Chandigarh police has resigned in protest. Amanjot has accused two IPS rank officials (SSP Naunihal Singh and ASP Deshraj Singh) of harassing him and marking repeated departmental enquiry against him. Amanjot had submitted his resign to senior police officials on May 23. The decision to accept the resignation was taken by IG (UT) P K Srivastva after discussing the case with DSP rank officials, including some of the Chandigarh police cadre.Confirming the development, IG Srivastva said a two-month notice had been served to Amanjot and he could withdraw the resignation during this time. The top cop said the name of Amanjot had already been sent for the gallantry awards for cracking the case of kidnapping of NRI Navneet Chatha on April 10.However, acceptance of a \"protest resignation\" could land the police department in soup. According to legal experts, by accepting the resignation, the police department is also accepting the claim of Amanjot about the two senior officers harassing him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "13484478", "title": "Interlocutors were appointed only to ease out 2010 uprising in J&K;: Geelani", "text": "SRINAGAR: Kashmiri separatist leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani on Friday rubbished the interlocutors report on Kashmir as a political gimmick to \"ease out the 2010 uprising\" in the valley.The 2010 summer in Kashmir witnessed massive protests organized by Geelani's Hurriyat and Mirwaiz led Hurriyat Conference. Over 110 people were killed by security forces during the protests. Peace was restored in the valley after the central government appointed a group of interlocutors to gather political views and aspirations of people in Jammu and Kashmir.On Thursday, the government made public the interlocutors report on Kashmir. The report recommends setting up of a constitutional committee that could review all the statute provisions in the Indian constitution, extended to J&K; after 1952.Geelani, however on Friday, said that the interlocutors were appointed to ease out the \"2010 uprising\" in Kashmir.\"The whole exercise was farce and that was why we boycotted to meet the interlocutors,\" the separatist hawk told a press conference on Friday at his Hyderpora residence. \"This exercise was to divert the attention of the world and the people from the uprising for the resolution of Kashmir issue,\" he said.When Geelani was told that the interlocutors' mandate was to collect the views of the people of Kashmir, Jammu and Ladakh in order to address the internal dimension of the Kashmir problem, he said the Kashmir issue was a political problem and there was no internal or external dimension of the problem.The pro-Pakistan leader dismissed the interlocutors' observation that the clock could not be reversed. \"These remarks were made by the former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi to former chief minister Sheikh Mohammad Abdullah as well. They have no relevance to the Kashmir issue. We demand the right of self-determination to decide our political future. The construction of roads and bridges cannot suppress the people's aspiration for Azadi (secession from India),\" Geelani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "jagraon", "code": "13463838", "title": "Wife\u2019s \u2018Facebook love\u2019 leads to man\u2019s murder", "text": "JAGRAON: A love affair that blossomed while chatting on Facebook ended up claiming a life and landing three people behind bars. Unearthing a murder mystery, police on Thursday said Sukhdeep Kaur, 32, of Mullanpur Dhaka conspired to kill her husband with Karamjeet Singh, a man she met and fell in love with on Facebook. She confessed to the crime during interrogation.SSP (Ludhiana rural) Gurpreet Singh Toor said Amarjeet Singh, 36, was killed on May 11 around midnight with sharp-edged weapons and his body was abandoned in Sohian village of the district. ''Sukhdeep said she had heard a lot about Facebook and asked a friend to open an account for her too. She started chatting and met Karamjeet. They exchanged phone numbers and had an affair. Confessing to the crime, Sukhdeep, who has studied till Class VIII, said she had hatched the murder plan with her lover and his friend Satnaam Singh, residents of Mandi Gobindgarh of Fatehgarh Sahib district. \" said Toor.According to police on May 11, Sukhdeep brought her husband and son to Ludhiana on the pretext of getting the latter treated at an eye hospital. At the hospital she introduced her lover Karamjeet and his friend as relatives to her husband. She then asked them to take her husband to her village claiming that it will take time at the hospital.''The deceased agreed to go with the accused in their car. When they were on the way to Mullanpur the accused stopped at a tavern where they offered laced liquor to Amarjeet. When he fell unconscious after having the liquor they took him to an isolated spot and stabbed him with a knife. The accused then fled with the deceased's gold bracelet, ring and chain and wallet that had Rs 20,000 in cash,'' said Toor, adding that according to preliminary investigation Karamjeet is a kabbadi player.Police have arrested all the accused and registered a case against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13460468", "title": "Hi-tech bookies busted, Rs 60 crore bet on Chennai-Mumbai match", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as Dhoni's men were thrashing Team Mumbai in the IPL eliminator on Wednesday, bookies were quietly raking it in from a hi-tech, soundproof 'telephone exchange', working exclusively for them. As many as 113 phones kept ringing non-stop - for every ball bowled - with calls coming in from Sharjah, Singapore and almost all major cities of India. Every hour, the bookies placed bets worth Rs 38 lakh with rates picking up towards the end of the two innings.This game was playing out in a small room at Karampura in northwest Delhi, till the Delhi crime branch arrived. The room, soundproofed to ward off nosey neighbours, was being operated by two young men who charged bookies Rs 4,000 per line for each match. Cops say the duo saw \"little risk and huge profits\" in providing betting lines. Duo charged bookies 4,000 per betting lineA betting syndicate operating from a room in Karampura in northwest Delhi was busted on Wednesday. Every hour, bookies placed bets worth Rs 38 lakh with rates picking up towards the end of the two innings, said cops. The two men operating the room charged the bookies Rs 4,000 per line for each match.\"It was a BPO-like backoffice for exchanging information on various kinds of bets across the country,\" said Ashok Chand, additional commissioner of police (crime). While one of the men operating the room, Amit, was nabbed, the other - Kamal Kumar, the owner of the property - managed to escape. The police seized 113 mobiles and a hundred earphones from the room.While 110 of the seized mobiles were being used to receive and forward bets, two were fitted with amplifiers - so that bookies at the other end could hear the rates as they poured in. Another phone was used as a \"distress\" phone to answer queries from bookies.The same night, another one of the local betting syndicates being served by this 'exchange' was busted by crime branch sleuths in Burari, north Delhi. Two persons, Shyam Arora and Deepak, were arrested. A laptop, two TVs, 118 mobile phones, 70 mobile chargers and 100 earphone leads were recovered from them. \"Both of them had been betting on cricket matches since the past two years. They used phones connected to the Karampura exchange to get ball-by-ball betting rates. Four other phones were being used to receive bets,\" said Chand.Across the country, bets worth more than Rs 60 crore are said to have been placed during the Chennai-Mumbai match. The modus operandi of the racket is simple. The rate of the odds between the two teams originates from outside India and bets are taken on that basis. After the match is over, profit and loss is calculated by specifically generated software known as \"Back 'N' Lay PRO\". The rates keep fluctuating with the fall of wickets and the runs scored. While the live TV coverage helps bookies to keep tabs on what's happening on the field, mobile phones are used for conducting business. The recording facility on mobiles comes in handy for keeping an account of the bets. One set of mobiles - know as 'dabba phones' in bookie parlance -- is reserved for receiving betting rates which fluctuate with each ball.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13463584", "title": "Upset over illness, youth kills himself", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 20-year-old man, who was upset over his illness,committed suicide by shooting himself from a .12 bore gun at his residence in Sarangpur village on Thursday. The deceased was identified as Manpreet Singh and his father Jaswant Singh is posted as assistant sub-inspector in the vigilance department of Punjab police.\"Manpreet was under depression and we have recovered a suicide note written by him. He had some stomach related ailment and his family had consulted many doctors but he could not get any relief,\" said assistant sub-inspector Kashmir Singh, investigation officer of this case. In the suicide note, Manpreet had written Punjabi words in English. It read, \"Nobody is responsible for this. I am disturbed over my illness.\"Manpreet belonged to a middle-class family and they had their own house in Sarangpur village. Police said that the licenced gun, which was used in the crime, belonged to deceased's father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13462954", "title": "Fierce opposition to petrol hike", "text": "MADURAI: Widespread protests marked the Rs 7.50 hike per litre on petrol prices in southern districts on Thursday. Protestors decided to perform the \"last rites\" for their two-wheelers whereas some others tried to burn the effigy of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh as a mark of disapproval of the Central government's policies.Members of the CPM staged protests in various parts of Madurai including Arapalayam Cross Road and demanded an immediate rollback of the fuel price. This would be the UPA government's death knell if it did not bring down this price hike, they said.In Virudhunagar, about 50 protestors who attempted to burn the effigy of Manmohan Singh were arrested by the police. They demanded that the government seriously reconsider allowing oil firms to fix oil prices, which they were doing indiscriminately over the past one year.Members of the DYFI decided to show their anger by performing the \"last rites\" for their two-wheelers. They garlanded their vehicles and lit camphor in front of it and cried as if in a funeral. \"Two wheelers have become the poor man's luxury and now it is going to become too much of a luxury to have. So we will just have to sell it and buy bicycles instead,\" said one of the DYFI members.Similar protests were held in many southern districts. Meanwhile, traffic movement between Tamil Nadu and Kerala came to a standstill on the border in Theni district, following the statewide protests. The protestors also urged Kerala to protest against the hike in price of petrol. Thousands of workers from Cumbum and neighbouring places, who go to work in cardamom plantations in Kerala, were not able to go for work due to the protests as vehicles did not move across the border. Vehicles were also stranded at Kaliakavilai in Nagercoil due to the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13461640", "title": "Biker to pursue case against \u2018cop brutality\u2019", "text": "THANE: The biker, Bilal Shaikh (40), who walked out of jail on Wednesday, vowed to pursue his case against four traffic constables who had allegedly thrashed him for objecting to their high-handed behaviour.\"I will not rest till action is initiated against the guilty policemen . I will file a private complaint in court,\" Bilal told TOI after he was released on bail on Wednesday.Bilal, who spent eight days in prison with undertrials and convicts, received an emotional welcome from his brothers. His brother, Dr Salim Shaikh, flew down from Nigeria to help his family.Bilal was sent to jail last week soon after he was discharged from hospital following a surgery on his right arm, which had sustained a fracture after the traffic constables assaulted him. The Kongaon police slapped Shaikh with Section 333 of the IPC nearly two weeks after the spat with the policemen after signal jumping.Bilal claimed that he lost Rs 10,000 and a cellphone during the shuffle with policemen. However, Bilal's friend, Mohsin Khan, who is said to have been roughed up by the same cops on May 2, was let off the next day.\"They are now claiming that I raised my hand on constable Kishore Shinde forcing them to retaliate.The fact is I objected when they pulled the keys out from my bike. Shinde slapped me. I protested but three of his colleagues in uniform beat me up. My crime was trying to reason with the cops and protesting their behaviour,'' Shaikh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13460753", "title": "Press officer\u2019s house burgled in President's estate", "text": "NEW DELHI: President Pratibha Patil's press officer has become the latest victim of thieves with her official quarters inside the President's estate being burgled at least six times in the last one month.Police said Archana Datta, officer on special duty (Public Relations), filed a fresh complaint with Parliament Street police station on Wednesday seeking registration of a case regarding thefts in her quarters.In the past one month, a solar motor, three security lights internet cable and telephone cable were stolen from House No 6 in President's Estate. \"There were several instances of theft in my house earlier also for which you have been duly intimated and a guard was posted near my house. The Police Guard has since been withdrawn.\"The recent thefts have taken place to my understanding, from North Avenue side. It is requested that the matter may please be investigated and police Patrolling from both the sides - be strengthened,\" Datta said in her complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13459136", "title": "Diesel shortage worsens in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: This is the summer of discontent as far as fuel is concerned. If the petrol price hike was not enough, the city is now reeling under a sudden diesel shortage. In the last couple of days, many fuel stations have been putting up \"no stock\" boards for diesel. Dealers say that the shortage in the prescribed euro-4 diesel began in the first week of May. Fuel bunks in the twin cities have a daily requirement of 35 lakh litres of diesel and the supply has become irregular in the last one month.Rajiv Amaram, general secretary, AP engine oil dealers' forum said: \"Many petrol stations have been completely dry for a couple of days every week in the last one month. Some filling stations have not had any stock in the last two days\".Amaram said that oil companies were not importing diesel due to shortage of funds and also with a view to forcing the government to increase fuel prices.Some diesel dealers are now busy stocking up in case of an even more acute shortage. \"We have filled our storage dump as well as our tankers in case there is more shortage,\" said Sunil K Gupta, proprietor, Jubilee Hills filling station.\"Had there been more power cuts this summer, the demand for diesel would have been greater for running generators,\" Gupta said. He expressed surprise at refineries either closing down or cutting production. \"The refinery at Mangalore has been temporarily closed due to shortage of water; another one has been closed for maintenance. It is unclear why they have been suddenly closed at this time of the year,\" Gupta added.Dealers said that the shortage had made a dent in their business. S Salim, supervisor of Secunderabad's Ganesh and Sons petrol station, said: \"We have lost business of 10,000 litres in this one month. We have not had any diesel supply in the last three days. We have been trying at the depot but there is a shortage there as well. Now, there is a restriction on supply too as the stock is provided depending on sale.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13459676", "title": "Three buses damaged in petrol price hike protest", "text": "NAGPUR: Agitators pelted stones on state transport buses on Thursday during protests against hike in petrol prices, damaging three buses. Besides these incidents, the city remained calm as citizen groups and activists restricted themselves to symbolic protests. Political parties like BJP and CPI too could not muster numbers at protests.The day began with protesters damaging buses at Jagnade chowk, Gangabai Ghat and Navi Shukrawari. A state transport bus heading towards Ganeshpeth bus stand was targeted at 11.15am by four unidentified protesters on two bikes. They damaged the front windshield before speeding away. No one was hurt.Later, a state transport bus leaving Wardhaman nagar depot for Ganeshpeth was targeted while another bus heading towards Nagpur from Bhandara was damaged near Bhola Ganesh Chowk at Navi Shukrawari. No outfit or organization has claimed responsibility for the attacks.The protest lost steam soon afterwards as cops began patrolling the roads. City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay said, \"We are registering offences against unidentified culprits for damaging public property and creating mischief,\" said the CP. He promised strict action against anyone disrupting public peace and damaging or defacing public property.Pravin Mankar, a petrol pump employee at Civil Lines, said panicked customers had stocked up Wednesday evening. \"People were mentally prepared for the hike with regular debate in the media. So there was no angry reaction. But we definitely saw fewer customers today,\" he said.Abdul Rizwan, employee of a petrol pump near Law College Square, said customers expressed their frustration. \"People were angry but seem to have accepted the change,\" he said.In the evening, senior BJP leaders and elected representatives assembled at Rani Jhansi chowk for a protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13460613", "title": "Voices to take up cycling grow", "text": "PUNE: Go cycling. This is one of the suggestions some citizens' groups have been propagating to beat fuel price hikes. They said the city needs a good and efficient public transport to cut down use of personal vehicles.\"It is high time citizens take up cycling. The government should aggressively promote use of non-motorized transport. The win-win solution is to reduce the number of private vehicles on roads,\" Jugal Rathi of the Pune Cycle Prathisthan said.Rathi, convenor of the PMP Pravasi Sangh, a bus commuters' group for better public transport for the city, said, \"There are almost 20 lakh two-wheelers in Pune and Pimpri-Chinhwad. They must be making nearly 30 lakh to 35 lakh trips everyday. More than half these trips could be within 10 km. Cycling is the best short-distance transport up to 10 km. Walking is best for two to three km,\" he said. Walking and bicycling would help reduce the number of fuel-run vehicles by nearly four to five lakh, he added.Dilip Sarda of Pune Cycle Prathisthan said public pressure should be created on the civic administration for proper maintenance of footpaths and cycle tracks. The existing 126 km of cycle tracks and 1,000 plus km of footpaths should be usable, he added.Prashant Inamdar of Pedestrians First felt non-motorized transport (walking and cycling) should be the centre point for city planning. \"A minimum of 2 % to 5 % of the annual budget should be provided for pedestrian facilities and providing infrastructure for cycling. Along with NMT, there should be a positive transformation of PMPML. Pune can become the country's green capital,\" Rathi, Sarda and Inamdar said.Occupancy of PMPML buses can increase to 20 lakh per day if it is able to provide good, efficient, and affordable public transport services to citizens, Vivek Velankar of the PMP Pravasi Manch said. The fuel hike is an opportunity for PMPML to give enhanced, efficient, economical and reliable bus service to citizens, he said in a memorandum to PMPML chairman and managing director R N Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13459836", "title": "HC directive to EC on YSR Cong's symbol plea", "text": "HYDERABAD: A division bench of the high court comprising Justice B Seshasayana Reddy and Justice KG Shankar on Thursday directed the Election Commission of India to reconsider the application made by the YSR Congress for allotment of common symbol to its candidates who are contesting the ensuing byelections. The writ petition was filed by B Govardahn Reddy.He contended that his party had sought common symbol and the election commission had refused the plea. The present writ petition was filed challenging the order of the commission. The bench felt that the application needed to be reconsidered as the rules regarding the allotment of symbols did not deal with the byelections and directed reconsideration.Arguments in the case filed by CBI seeking cancellation of bail granted to auditor Vijay Sai Reddy, close aide of YS Jagan Mohan Reddy accused number one will continue on Friday. Justice Chandra Kumar heard the case for a while and adjourned the case to Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13460525", "title": "\u20181 out of 9 die in child eye cancer cases\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: One out of every nine children suffering from retinoblastoma or childhood eye cancer, die of the disease.Data collected by Indian Council for Medical Research (ICMR) says that the disease has about 16% mortality rate. However, deaths are avoidable, say experts, if the disease is detected early.Retinoblastoma is a rapidly developing cancer of the retina (the light detecting tissue of the eye) and is likely to manifest in children having an abnormal retinoblastoma gene.\"If someone in the family had retinoblastoma, regular eye check-ups till the age of four are important,\" said Dr G Kumaramanickavel, advisor of academics, research and management at Aditya Jyot Eye Hospital, Wadala.As per figures collected by ICMR between 2009 and 2011, of 1,561 cases of retinoblastoma detected in India, 256 children died. Retinoblastoma accounts for about 3.5% of total childhood cancers in the country, and about 2.6% in Mumbai.\"The cancer can spread to other parts of the body. Early detection can preserve vision. However, most patients come to us at an advanced stage,\" said Dr S Natarajan, MD of Aditya Jyot Eye Hospital.Dr Natarajan will help all the major referral hospitals to create a registry of these cases. \"Mumbai will be the focus as most of the cases come here for treatment,\" said Dr Natarajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13459825", "title": "35 LPG distributors face action for breaking rules", "text": "NASHIK: In all, 35 LPG distributors in Nashik city are facing action by the district supplies officer for not following norms. The district supply office (DSO) has so far identified 35 domestic Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) distributors who have not complied by the March-17 circular issued by state seeking more transparency when it comes to giving new connections and selling of gas stoves.Adhering to the circular, which empowers the DSO to visit gas distributors, inspect if the requisite boards displaying notices (cheque and demand draft facility available, no compulsion to buy LPG stove, etc.), the office started inspections and has so far notified 35 distributors who have failed to display required information at their agencies.\"After several meetings with the sales officers and with the collector, the inspectors of the department visited the establishments. The list of such agencies has been handed over to the respective petroleum companies,\" district supplies officer Mahesh Patil said.Officials of the petroleum companies said that they have received the information regarding the distributors.\"There are complaints and we have issued letters and notices to the distributors, keeping in mind the nature of complaints. The action, ranging from simply warning to the penalizing of the distributors, is under process at present,\" the official said.The government, through the circular, has asked the DSOs to ensure that goods sold at the distributorships are not part of any package and not forced upon the customers, that the customers are given valid receipts for the purchases done, the price of the gas stoves and their brands are displayed clearly and also customers are being selected randomly to check if they have got all the things correctly as per their choice and have been billed accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "karimnagar", "code": "13459916", "title": "Smugglers attack forest officers", "text": "KARIMNAGAR: A group of smugglers allegedly attacked forest officials at the Mahamuttaram forests in Karimnagar district in the early hours of Thursday. The seriously injured officials were shifted to Karimnagar government hospital where their condition was said to be stable.Ten people were smuggling teakwood in bullock carts towards Warangal from Mahamuttaram forests when the forest officials led by section officer Satyanarayana and another official Lakshmipathi rushed to the spot to stop them. On seeing the forest officers, the smugglers started beating them up with sticks and bullock hunting ropes between Mahbubpally and Kolanpally villages.Lakshmipathi got badly injured while the section officer suffered a fracture on his hand. Villagers came to the rescue of the officials and the smugglers fled from the spot upon seeing them. Police registered a case and have launched an investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "perambalur", "code": "13462979", "title": "She proves dwarfism is not a barrier to success", "text": "PERAMBALUR: Passing the plus two public examination may be a tough task for even normal students, but a 2.75 ft-tall dwarf girl from Perambalur drew the attention of all with her outstanding performance in the examination, becoming the school topper of a government higher secondary school in Perambalur.P Priya, a dwarf, made her parents D Pandian and P Mahalakshmi, agriculture workers of Maavilangai village, proud by achieving a milestone in her career by scoring 1,049 marks to be crowned as the topper of Chettikulam government higher secondary school in Chettikulam this year. She is the eldest of three children with a brother and sister. Fortunately, her parents and siblings are of normal height.Dwarfism never demoralized her right from childhood. She attributed her success to the support from the teachers, parents and friends.On her achievement, Priya told TOI, \"In fact, I expected good marks but not the rank. I am elated to be a topper among some brilliant students in our school. It is sure that I achieved it because of the support and care from teachers, friends and parents. As I am unable to walk for a long distance, I was staying in the hostel from sixth standard. My friends used to take me to tuition class in their bicycles. I will extend my gratitude to them throughout my life.\"Her success story has been continuing from the tenth standard in which she had scored 437 marks. Now, she wants to pursue computer science engineering. Even if she gets admission to this course, her parents seem may find it tough to arrange for funds, given the nature of their profession. They, however, as all parents are, desperate to give her a good education.Her father Pandian said, \"We realized her physical problem at her age of three. As we are cannot afford to spend on treatment, we asked the doctors to be frank whether it would be cured. The doctors clearly told us that the disease cannot be cured. But we are elated by her involvement in studies. Hence I am trying my best to bring out her talent through education. I request the government to help my child pursue her higher education.\"On Wednesday, district collector in charge MA Subramanian of Perambalur district appreciated her for the success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13463463", "title": "CBSE results declared, 91% pass", "text": "GUWAHATI: The CBSE class X results was declared on Thursday and though there are around 709 CBSE schools in the northeast, the exam was held in 282 centers this time. Out of the 45,459 candidates who appeared for the examination, 41,481 candidates were successful. The northeast zone covers the seven NE states and Sikkim.KK Chaudhury, regional officer of CBSE northeast said, \"The overall pass percentage is 91.25. This time too, the performances of girls have been better than boys. While the girls' pass percentage was 91.75, the boys' pass percent was 90.83 percent.\"He said that the results of the different Kendriya Vidyalayas across the northeast have been better than the other schools, including Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya and independent or private schools. \"The pass percentage of Kendriya Vidyalaya across the northeast region is 98.95 per cent followed by independent or private schools, which is 98.41 per cent and Jawahar Navoday Vidyalayas with a pass percentage of 97.83. The pass per cent in the government schools, including those in Arunachal Pradesh and Sikkim, is 83.07 per cent. The Kendriya Vidyalaya schools have outdone other schools this year,\" Chaudhury said. The government schools in Sikkim and Arunachal Pradesh are under the CBSE board as these two states do not have separate state education boards.The CBSE had introduced continuous and comprehensive evaluation system (CCE), where a student's overall performance both academic and non-academic, are taken into account while evaluating the student. Other than that, the students can also choose to opt for either school-conducted or board-conducted exam. It may, however, be mentioned that only senior secondary schools have the option of holding school-conducted exams.\"The students have fared well in the class 10 examination and the class 12 results will also be declared shortly,\" he added.Though the records of all the schools in the state was not available as the results were declared late, city-based South Point School fared very well. K Chanda, principal of South Point school said, \"We have just received the results and as of now, three students have scored 10 CGPA out of 241 students. The students have performed very well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13463992", "title": "Ex-minister Pramila Mallick's brother held in acid attack case", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Former minister Pramila Mallick's brother Khirod Chandra Mallick was remanded in judicial custody on Thursday for his alleged involvement in an acid attack on a man in Bhubaneswar's Mancheswar area in October 2011.A trial court rejected his anticipatory bail plea following petition by the police on the ground that he was booked under section 307 (attempt to murder). Mallick, who is chairman of Biswa (an NGO), was sent to custody for fourteen days, sources said.\"He was earlier booked for conspiring in the acid attack on the man, whose relatives were working in his NGO. We want to know the nature of his involvement in the case. We have prayed the court to take him on remand for interrogation,\" Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh said.Earlier in the day, Mallick appeared in the court of judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) seeking bail in connection with a firing incident in Mancheswar area. Miscreants had opened fire at a BPO company girl on April 13, 2012. He was a suspect in the case as his driver, who was arrested in the incident, pointed the finger at him. Apprehending arrest, Mallick had moved the Orissa high court seeking bail. The high court recently heard his plea and asked him to get the bail from lower court. Soon after he was granted bail by JMFC, police reached the court to arrest him in the acid attack case. Mallick applied for bail, but to no avail.\"My client has been falsely implicated in the case. He was not at all involved in the acid attack case. Police became vindictive after he managed to get bail in the firing incident,\" Mallick's lawyer Dharanidhar Nayak told TOI.Incidentally, the firing incident is said to have links with the acid attack and another firing incident in Sashtri Nagar in April 2011. Victims of the three cases belonged to the same family and were earlier working with the NGO, sources said. Police suspect that the family was targeted following monetary dispute with the NGO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13780396", "title": "Not offended by Ramdev's remarks, will convince him: Kejriwal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rebutting allegations that he left the fast venue after Ramdev virtually snubbed him, Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal today said that he had to leave as he was unwell and he has the \"greatest respect\" for the yoga guru.\"I had to leave fast venue because I am very unwell. I told this to Anna and swamiji. It is wrong to say that I left in protest,\" Kejriwal said in a tweet.\"I have greatest respect for swamiji,\" he tweeted. He said he would convince the yoga guru about the importance of taking names and demand action against corrupt people.\"This is a political battle and we will have to name and shame and demand severe action against corrupt people,\" he said in his tweet.\"I will personally speak to Swami Ramdev ji. I am sure I will be able to persuade him that naming is important,\" he said.Earlier, yoga guru Ramdev, while virtually snubbing Kejrival, disapproved of his comments against Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and other politicians during his fast along with Anna Hazare saying he was against personal criticism.Soon after Kejriwal, who was on fast along with Anna Hazare and the yoga guru, finished his speech, Ramdev took the microphone and said \"today, we thought that we will not take anybody's name. But Arvind took the names\".\"We don't want any controversies. Arvind does not have any enmity with anyone. The names have been taken in some context. We are against personal criticism,\" he said.During his speech, Kejriwal attacked Singh and his Cabinet colleagues whom Team Anna had accused of indulging in corruption and mentioned the names of Mulayam Singh Yadav, Lalu Prasad Yadav, Jayalalithaa and Mayawati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13475359", "title": "Dulquar Salman to debut in Tamil", "text": "Dulquar Salman, son of Mega star Mammootty will be entering the Ktown soon. Dulquar Salman who debuted in Mollywood with Second Show directed by Srinath Rajendran is awaiting his second release Ustad Hotel to be released tomorrow the 25th of May.Reports say that JD &amp; Jery who have earlier done movies Ullasam and Whistle will be directing a movie with Dulquar Salman in the lead. JD &amp; Jery are successful ad filmmakers and also have many serials to their credit. They've also co worked with director Shankar for Shivaji.Having directed Megastar Mammootty for a recent ad, the filmmakers are on board to wield the megaphone with Dulquar in the lead. With the young actor to have signed the dotted line, JD &amp; Jery are working out on other details including the female lead, cast and crew. Further details are expected to be out soon.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13484067", "title": "Women's waistlines much bigger than in 50s", "text": "Women's waist sizes have grown by six inches over the past 60 years - because they don't do as much housework as their forebears, researchers have claimed.As they don't have the benefit of modern household appliances, 1950s housewives used to burn up to 1,000 calories a day simply by doing the chores.However, today's women have much more sedentary lifestyles, as many work full-time and spend most of the day sitting behind a desk.The extra elbow grease needed for cleaning, washing and sweeping in the 1950s meant that the average middle-aged woman had a 28-inch waist. Today, the average measurement is 34 inches.The research was carried out by Saga , the over-50s group, to mark the Queen's Diamond Jubilee.It surveyed 8,000 men and women on their waist sizes, calorie intake and lifestyle, then compared the results with the average statistics for adults in 1952, the year of the Queen's accession to the throne.As well as leading more active lives, women in the 1950s also ate slightly less, as rationing was still in place and fast food barely existed.Typically they consumed only 1,818 calories each day, compared with 2,178 calories now. The recommended allowance is 2,000 calories.Dr Ros Altmann, Saga's director-general, said improved gadgets had significantly reduced the time and effort required for housework.\"If you think back to the 1950s most women would not even have had a washing machine. They wouldn't have had duvets so the simple task of making a bed would have demanded far more physical activity,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying.\"Women would have burned a significant number of calories just keeping the house going.\"Instead, today's women have to set aside time in their already busy schedules for exercise,\" she said.The survey also showed how the relationship between the generations has changed over the past six decades.Grown-up children were once expected to subsidise the income of their parents, but today the over-50s are increasingly likely to still be supporting their offspring instead.Attitudes towards retirement have also changed. In 1952, finishing work was seen as a chance to rest and relax. Men aged 65 had a life expectance of 12.1 years, while for women it was 15.5 years.Nowadays, life expectancy for 65-year-olds is 21.7 years for men and 24.2 years for women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13464643", "title": "Maharashtra: 52% of women consummate their marriage before turning 18", "text": "MUMBAI: Fifty-two per cent of married women in Maharashtra admit to consummating their marriages before the age of 18. This simple admission revealed in the government's District Level Household and Facility Survey (DLHS-3) report clearly indicates the rampant prevalence of child marriages in a \"progressive\" state such as Maharashtra.Yet, the issue of tackling these child brides and grooms is often enveloped in shades of grey. Vandana Krishna, principal secretary (department of women and child development), admitted that the prevalence of underage marriages is certainly a concern. \"The ministry of women and child development is holding a consultation in Delhi on Friday along with experts from different fields to recommend how best we could deal with such marriages,\" she said.Officials are reluctant to register such marriages as they are \"illegal\". But the survey revealed that 18% of the women and 12.4% men were married before attaining legal adulthood. Krishna has written to the rural development department asking it to request gram panchayats and sevaks to register underage marriages.Women not averse to girl child: Govt dataThere are several misconceptions in society related to the issue of son preference as was played out in the inaugural episode of Bollywood actor Aamir Khan's reality show Satyamev Jayate. When asked who determines a male child, several in the audience had wrongly answered that it was the mother. Women are also often wrongly blamed for 'wanting' or 'preferring' a male child. But data from the District Level Household and Facility Survey (DLHS-3 ) report shows that left to their own accord, women may not discriminate against girls. More than 40% of the 7,607 married women who were interviewed on their preference of a child, interestingly said the sex of their child wouldn't matter to them. Another 15% believed the choice of a son or daughter was best left to God. The male bias was, though, true for those who had a specific preference. While one in three married women said they wanted a son, 13% said they'd opt for a daughter. The implications of boy preference have hit home after the Census 2011 recently revealed that there were only 883 girls (under six years) in Maharashtra for every 1,000 boys; this was even lower than the national child sex ratio of 914 girls. Does the DLHS-3 survey then indicate that women hold liberal attitudes towards the children they bear, if given a choice? Shiv Sena leader and women activist Neelam Gorhe believes equality and plurality would flourish if women of all ages were empowered and allowed to control their own bodies. \"Whether it is abortion, sex determination , child birth or hysterectomy, there is too much patriarchal pressure with all major reproductive decisions being controlled by the family. If women were left to make their own choices, we would have more pro eco-equality ,\" she said. Shomita Biswas, secretary of the Maharashtra Women's Commission, welcomed the survey findings which showed up that 40% women were unbiased. However , she said the societal psyche was such that even among the 40% who showed preference for a girl, many were likely to prefer a son, if their first born was a girl. This would generally hold true even if their first born was a son. \"Awareness about gender issues needs to be spread among the adolescent age group itself, if attitudes are to be truly changed,\" she suggested. Bobby Sista of voluntary organization Population First, said he was sceptical of such surveys as they may not always represent views of the entire society. \"Often women may not be explicit about their views,\" he said. \"By and large, a mother is a mother. Once she conceives, the natural motherly instinct is not biased towards the sex of a child. But the whole question of sex and abuse and preference for a boy comes in if they have been subjected to societal pressures.\"More tiny tots in state fail to get booster shots", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13459873", "title": "Don't expect change in a day: Anna", "text": "NASHIK: During his one-and-a-half day stay in Nashik, activist Anna Hazare interacted with student volunteers about making Godavari pollution-free and about the crusade to ban tobacco and its products. He also met people who visited the government rest house where he stayed in large numbers.On Wednesday evening, Hazare interacted with 20 student volunteers from the Manav Utthan Manch (MuM) on issues that they were working on. The MuM, a non-governmental organization led by Jagbir Singh, has been fighting for the cause of protecting environment, against corruption and for a ban on tobacco and its products.They met Hazare late on Wednesday evening and discussed the issue of river pollution and the proposed tobacco ban.Hazare, while citing the example of Bhima River in Pune, asked student volunteers to keep pursuing the issue and fight for a pollution-free river. About a ban on tobacco and its products in the city, like in Madhya Pradesh, Anna said volunteers should keep fighting for it till their demands are met. \"Don't expect change to happen in a day. For every issue you have to keep putting in effort relentlessly,\" said Hazare. Earlier in the day, Hazare had cancelled his visit to Nandurbar and come directly to Nashik after his Dhule tour for a medical check-up following problems related to blood pressure. He arrived at the Saibaba Heart Institute and Research Centre at 11.30am on Wednesday and after a total health check-up, he left the hospital at 1.30pm. After resting in the afternoon, he addressed the media early in the evening, before meeting volunteers from MuM.On Thursday morning, Anna visited the Swami Samartha temple at Dindori and met Annasaheb More. After coming back to the government guest house in the city at 12pm, he met commoners who had come there with their grievances or had come to visit him.Young volunteers of the group India Against Corruption, Nashik branch, Tejas Chavan, Gaurav More and Ameya Pingle, who had also conducted mass rallies during the Lokpal Bill agitation by Hazare, met Anna to seek his guidance on the future course of action.Hazare, who spear-headed the campaign against corruption, demanding that the Jan Lokpal Bill be introduced, interacted with people on Thursday, before addressing a public rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13463803", "title": "CBSE X results: No stress, only relaxed smiles", "text": "LUDHIANA: The results for CBSE Class X were announced on Thursday and the jubilant mood of students and parents explained the success of the continuous comprehensive evaluation (CCE) method.The CCE method, put into effect from last year, has worked wonders in terms of bringing down the pre-exam and pre-result stress among students.Gaurav Pathak of BCM School wasn't too impressed with the current evaluation scheme as he said, ''There is hardly any competition left. I have got a 10 CGPA but I am not satisfied. There is no demarcation between good and average students as the ones with 92 marks and the ones with 100 marks have all got a 10 CGPA.''The announcement of CBSE Class X results brought smiles on the faces of many students from the city. Among them was Rajbinder Singh Kapoor of Guru Nanak Public School. ''I am thrilled and happy after getting a 10 CGPA. Our hard work has paid off and it's time for prolonged celebrations,'' he grinned. Paramjit Kaur, principal, BCM Arya School, Shastri Nagar, said this year's result has been a better one when compared to last year. ''I am happy with the result as it shows the students have worked hard,'' she added. A majority of students feel that as results are improving every year, the competition is now limited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13481083", "title": "Maharashtra HSC results declared", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Maharashtra State Board for Secondary and Higher Secondary Education ( MSBSHSE) has declared the HSC results for the year 2012 today at 1 pm.Students can see their HSC results on http://mahresult.nic.in/ by entering their seat number.The marksheets will be provided at their respective colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13460873", "title": "Soon, 1,000 automatic ticket vending machines at Central Railway stations", "text": "MUMBAI: In the next three months Central Railway (CR) officials plan to install 1,000 automatic ticket vending machines (ATVMs) on stations.The Railway Board has asked CR and Western Railway to prepare a plan for phasing out coupon validating machines by March 2013. Both the railways will have to increase ATVMs to ensure that commuters are not inconvenienced during the switchover.\"Around 1,000 ATVMs will be procured within three to four months,\" a senior CR official said. \"Our aim is to reduce the waiting period to purchase tickets. There are 225 ATVMs across 76 CR stations. Of which, some will have to be phased out as they have become unfit,\" the official added. The cost of a single ATVM is estimated to be around Rs 1to 1.25 lakh.On an average, ATVMs and the unreserved ticketing system (UTS) booking windows dispense two lakh and eight lakh tickets daily.CR has already made it mandatory for passengers to line up at the booking office to buy CVM booklets. As a result, their sale has dropped. \"As compared to 92 lakh booklets sold in April 2011, only 59 lakh were sold in the corresponding period this year,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13465144", "title": "Cong-ruled Kerala cuts petrol price, demands rollback", "text": "NEW DELHI: Protests erupted nationwide on Thursday against Wednesday's petrol price hike, with mobs burning effigies and taking to the streets demanding a roll-back. One such protest in Kolkata was led by UPA cabinet minister and Trinamool Congress leader Mukul Roy, who put his party loyalty ahead of collective responsibility to join a demonstration.The Left parties, including the CPM, took out rallies and blocked road across Bengal. West Bengal president of CITU, the trade union wing of the CPM, Shyamal Chakraborty, said a protest with two-wheelers would begin from Saturday.In Kerala, a dawn-to-dusk strike called by the Left Democratic Front and the BJP was largely peaceful even as the state government decided to bring down the petrol price by Rs 1.63 a litre by forfeiting the additional tax revenue. The government also decided to introduce guidelines for the use of official vehicles. Chief minister Oommen Chandy said he had sent a fax to the prime minister, finance minister and petroleum minister demanding a rollback.In New Delhi, CPM activists staged a dharna near Parliament. Led by Nilotpal Basu, they carried party flags and placards and marched from Vithalbhai Patel House to Parliament House, where they were ritually arrested. CPM general secretary Prakash Karat said, \"We'll continue our protests till the government rolls back the hike.\"The MNS and the BJP held rallies in Pune. Mobs spilled onto the streets of Ahmedabad, disrupting traffic. Residents of Hatkeshwar loaded their two-wheelers on camel carts and rode around the city.BJP activists sat on a dharna at Ahmedabad's Income Tax Circle as CPI supporters held protests in the city and in Rajkot, Vadodara and Himmatnagar.Across Tamil Nadu , mobs took to the streets. Barring statements condemning the hike from AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa and DMK president Karunanidhi, neither party held protests. Members of DYFI, CPM's youth wing, were arrested when they attempted to picket offices of oil majors in Chennai. A radio channel offered two-litre petrol free if listeners could name the petroleum minister. In Madurai, DYFI members performed last rites of their two-wheelers as, they said, they would not be able to ride them anymore. In Coimbatore, CPM leader Brinda Karat led protests.Opposition parties, including the TDP, CPI, CPM, and BJP, held protests across Andhra Pradesh. TDP activists flung a motorcycle into Hussain Sagar lake. In Bangalore, BJP leaders pulled a four-wheeler with ropes and shouted slogans against the UPA. JD(U) workers pulled a car with a rope in Patna .In Lucknow, protesters burnt an effigy of the PM and a protester set his mop on fire. In Allahabad, BJP's Pallavi Shukla was injured when her saree caught fire as she tried to light up an effigy. In Meerut, BJP supporters stripped in public and walked in their underwear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13461998", "title": "Toppers say no to Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation system in class XII", "text": "LUCKNOW: Class X students securing full marks believe that board examination is better than the school-based exam. Though they are happy with the Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) system in class X, they said 'no' to CCE in class XII. Reason: it becomes difficult for them to crack competitive exams.Disha Dwivedi from Kendriya Vidyalaya, Gomti Nagar said, \"In Class X, CCE is better. But, when it comes to taking up the various competitive examinations, this system will not work. It also does not give us the exact marks through which we can assess our positions.\" Endorsing her views, Shika Rai from Rani Lakshmi Bai Memorial Senior Secondary School said, \"CCE pattern focuses more on extra curricular activities and less on academic training. Rather than dwelling deep into the subjects and studying in a comprehensive and detailed manner, classrooms have turned into craft sessions.\" tnnSonalika Gautam from Lucknow Public Collegiate, who scored a perfect 10 said, \"Students who face board exams are equipped with better ideas and do well in today's cut throat competition.\" Ananya Singh, a student of KV said, \"Though CCE helps in overall personality development, it does not help a student knowing where he/she exactly stands. The difference of one or two marks matters a lot in any competitive exams and CCE limit us with that.\"Securing 10 CGPA, Shivangi Tripathi from Rani Lakshmi Bai Memorial Senior Secondary School said, \"CCE pattern is stress free but in higher classes, it will be difficult for me to cope up with students from other boards. Therefore, I want the old pattern of evaluation in class XII.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13459389", "title": "Body found on varsity campus", "text": "KOLKATA: Security guards at the West Bengal University of Juridical Sciences, off the EM Bypass, found a body from the university's premises where construction work was in progress. The deceased was later identified as Subimal Basu (59).According to sources, Basu was the site supervisor of the construction work that was underway. He was found hanging in one of the rooms.\"Prima facie, it seems to be a suicide. However, we are not writing off the possibility of a foul play. There were no injury marks on the body, which has been sent for autopsy. A case of unnatural death has been lodged and we have got in touch with his family members. We are also trying to find out if he was suffering from depression or any recent incident in his personal life pushed him to the brink. We will grill the workers at the construction site,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13462989", "title": "Lizard in midday meal: Probe ordered", "text": "PANCHKULA: An inquiry has been marked by the district elementary education officer (DEEO) to look into the complaints of lizards, cockroaches and ants in midday meals served in government schools in Panchkula.Students of a Government Model School, Sector 17, Panchkula, have complained of being often served contaminated food.\"A few days ago we were served khichdi. When I was half way through, I saw a cockroach in my food. I told my teacher, who promised to complain it up with the authorities concerned,\" Ravi (name changed), a student of the school, said.Kunal (name changed), a student of class VI, also faced the same situation when he found a dead lizard in his food. \"I was about to eat when I saw a dead lizard in it. I threw up. I told my friends also not to eat the food. That day we preferred to stay without food than eat such food. We complained to the authorities, who have promised to look into the matter.\" \"After the instances where insects, ants and lizards have been found in the food, we prefer to stay hungry. What is the use of the midday meal scheme if such food is provided to us?\" said a student of class VII.Several complaints have been made to the district education office about the contaminated food.Panchkula district elementary education officer Anita Anand said, \"We have marked an inquiry into the matter after the complaints were filed. The inquiry is on. It can be an internal foul play as this has not happened for the first time. Earlier also we had received a number of complaints from the students of the same school.\"Deputy district education officer Sujata Anand said, \"Most of the times food is prepared under a tree, so insects are most likely to fall into it. We will ask the school authorities to prepare food under a roof.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13481719", "title": "Facebook IPO: How much employees have lost", "text": "WASHINGTON: Facebook's outside investors aren't the only ones feeling cheated, as an average employee of the firm has lost over $844,000 since the company's flotation, it has emerged.Since Facebook sold shares to the public at $38 a pop last Friday, the average employee has lost an estimated $844,000, based on yesterday's closing price of $32. Shares rose 3.2 percent yesterday, which was their first daily gain.\"It's obviously disappointing for Facebook's employees who still need to work there, engineering the site and selling ads,\" the New York Post quoted Sam Hamadeh , the head of research firm PrivCo, as saying.In contrast to Facebook's troubled times, Google and Apple have seen their shares soar, rewarding employees who stuck with them.\"At Google, you count on that money every year because the stock has been relatively stable and growing. At Apple, you count on that money. At Facebook, we don't know yet,\" said Robert Greene , the head of GreeneSearch, a tech recruiting firm.Recruiters have estimated that Facebook's cool-company status is in jeopardy if the stock-price erosion continued, absolving the super-sized growth that attracted workers in the first place.Employees are currently left with no option but have resorted to a wait-and-see approach until their lockup ends and they can sell their shares. The first lockup for insiders expires after 91 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13464625", "title": "Sweet revival to closed sugar mills across Bihar", "text": "PATNA: During his recent Seva Yatra to East Champaran (Motihari) district, CM Nitish Kumar took time off to visit Sugauli sugar mill. This was one of the two sugar mills of Bihar State Sugar Development Corporation (BSSDC) in the district which was closed. The Hindustan Petro Chemicals Limited (HPCL) bought it four years ago through open bidding process and started production in December last. The other sugar mill in the district is located at Lauria. It is also being run by the HPCL.The CM, of course, was not only satisfied, but also elated. The reason is obvious. Soon after coming to power in November 2005, he had made his intentions clear to revive the state's 15 closed sugar mills under the BSSDC. However, to make it viable, the government envisaged that the sugar mills, after being sold to the prospective bidders, would go in for independent production of ethanol, or as the investors would deem it proper.That option got investors interested in the revival of closed sugar mills and proposals, too, started coming. Accordingly, Bihar State Sugar Mills Act was amended in 2007 to facilitate independent production of ethanol. The Amendment Bill was sent to President Pratibha S Patil for approval, but the presidential consent is still awaited. Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar, in the meantime, fearing a large-scale shift from cultivation of food crops to cash crops, brought out Cane Control Order that prohibited independent production of ethanol at sugar mills in the country. For Bihar government, rather CM Nitish, sugar acquired bitter taste.Things, however, turned for the better when HPCL, a central government undertaking, secured the bids for the two sugar mills at Lauria and Sugauli in 2008 after paying the bid money of Rs 95 crore, backed by a project proposal of Rs 700 crore, to produce sugar, power and methanol. It was the outcome of the first of the tenders floated by the industries department in 2008. Nitish's dream had stated finding it feet. And it showed during his visit to Sugauli.Since then, the industries department has floated three separate tenders and managed to secure bid money from interested investors for six other sugar mills - at Raiyam and Sakri for the bid money of Rs 27.36 crore with project proposal of around Rs 200 crore, at Motipur and Bihta for the bid money of Rs 79.40 crore and investment proposal of Rs 350 crore, and at Samastipur and Lohat for the bid money of Rs 58.71 crore.Since the revival of every closed sugar mill is not considered a viable proposition, owing to the general disinterest of investors, the government has given them latitude to start any viable industry other than sugar, if they thought so.Accordingly, the investors concerned have proposed production of sugar at Raiyam, Motipur and Lohat. Others among them have proposed to develop food park, dairy industry and distillery at Sakri, logistics park at Bihta, and a jute mill at Samastipur. The government did not find it anachronistic and, in fact, CM Nitish personally explained the situation in the state assembly during its budget session.\"Things are turning for the better,\" said cane industry director Lakshmeshwar Jha, adding that the industries department principal secretary, A K Sinha, has already moved a proposal to the government for its clearance to float tenders for the fifth time for the rest of the seven sugar mills.Sugary facts: 2011-12Cane crushed by 9 private sugar mills and two of BSSDC sold to HPCL: 48.83 lakh tonneSugar production: 4.5 lakh tonneArea under cane cultivation: 2.54 lakh hectareCane production: 215.1 lakh tonneAverage cane productivity: 84.51 tonne per hectare", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13468991", "title": "Varun Vihar residents take to streets for water", "text": "KANPUR: With each passing, water crisis is getting deeper in localities of South City, especially in areas like Saket Nagar, Barra, Yashoda Nagar and Naubasta.On Wednesday, locals of Varun Vihar in Barra came out on roads to protest against the water woes in their area. They held empty water buckets and pitchers in their hands and raised anti-Jal Sansthan slogans. The people were annoyed that they were not getting proper water supply.It is worth mentioning here that there are 13 handpumps in the locality that has a population of over 5,000. Out of these 13 handpumps, 10 are not functional. This has increased their dependence on the remaining three handpumps installed in their area. As a result, long queue of people could be witnessed during the day and evening hours. Locals with empty vessels queue up early in the morning and evening hours. This has resulted in mad rush for filling the water buckets.The people were annoyed that despite lodging complaints with the concerned authorities, nothing had been done. Thus, they had to step out on the roads to mark their protest. The locals said if their complaints were not be attended immediately, they would stage a protest at Jal Sansthan.Shivbir Sigh, Deepu Verma and Anirudh Shukla informed that there were only three handpumps in their area that were functional and the remaining 10 handpumps had either run dry or were damaged. They said there was an immediate need to repair the damaged handpumps or the people of Varun Vihar would have to fetch water from other localities to meet their daily needs.They also informed that the water being supplied by Jal Sansthan smelled and was black/brown in colour. The locals also said that the water was not fit for drinking.It is important to mention here that it is not the first protest in the city. Similar protests have been taking place across the city on almost daily basis. But even protests have failed to attract the attention of Jal Sansthan towards the problem. Last week, city people had protested at Jal Sansthan office situated on Benajhabar Road. They had brought along with them the pitchers which they broke as a mark of protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13459972", "title": "Thakre sure of Congress-NCP win", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Maharashtra Congress president Manikrao Thakre on Thursday exuded confidence that all the candidates of Congress-NCP alliance for six seats of MLC in the state would romp home. He was in Chandrapur to canvass for Congress candidate Rahul Puglia and will stay to overlook polling on Friday.\"Top leadership of both the Congress and NCP has decided to cooperate with each other for the elections. We are sharing three seats each for this election. I am confidant that all six candidates, including Rahul Puglia from Chandrapur, will win,\" Thakre said interacting with reporters.He claimed that Congress and NCP have issued whip to voters to vote for alliance candidates and warned them against cross-voting. \"Opponents are spreading a lot of rumours about our alliance partner. However, leaders of both the parties have made sure that no vote from their side goes to the opponent. All our voters are with us. A handful of those who have been deceived by opponents and taken away too are in our contact and will vote for Puglia,\" Thakre said.Commenting on petrol price hike, Thakre said that the party leaders would meet the chief minister on May 27. He will be urged to reduce taxes levied by the state on patrol to ease burden on people. Thakre will visit Amravati during the night for canvassing and return to Chandrapur on Friday morning to overlook elections here. He was accompanied by guardian minister Sanjay Deotale, ex-MP Naresh Puglia, party candidate Rahul Puglia, mayor Sangita Amrutkar and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13674050", "title": "If PM is an honest man, he should be ready to face probe: Anna Hazare", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's remarks that he will quit public life if corruption allegations against him by Team Anna are proved triggered a fresh round of sparring today with the activists insisting on an independent probe, a demand rejected by the government.\"If the Prime Minister is an honest man, then he should be ready to face a probe. Inquiry into charges against him should be headed by a former judge,\" Anna Hazare told a TV channel.However, Hazare said he always saw the Prime Minister as a non-corrupt personality, a view echoed by another Team Anna member Justice Santosh Hegde who noted that it is \"extremely difficult\" to believe that allegations against Singh could exist but said an inquiry can be held if there are documents to suggest any wrongdoing.Hazare said he needed needed more time to study allegations levelled against the Prime Minister by his team.Another Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal said it was not they who came up with the charges but it was in the report of the Comptroller and Auditor General on coal bloc allocations.\"We will be most happy if the allegations levelled against the Prime Minister are found to be false. But how will it be proved? For that we need to have an independent investigating agency to probe it,\" he told reporters.Law Minister Salman Khurshid ruled out setting up a Special Investigation Team of retired judges as demanded by Team Anna. \"We are not going to cowdown,\" he said.\"I don't think we can have for anybody, forget about ministers and certainly Prime Minister, media trials. We can't have street trials. We are in the country where rule of law prevails,\" he said.Team Anna said Khurshid's reaction was like the accused himself ruling out the investigation.Stepping up attack on Team Anna, Congress also dared it go to police and court instead of making allegations through media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13481249", "title": "Want to become as popular as Angad Hasija: Navi Banghu", "text": "A few years back a young guy from Punjab debuted in Rajan Shahi's Bidaai as Alekh. The young and handsome actor, Angad Hasija, became a star after the show. It seems history is about to repeat itself.Another young actor from Jalandhar, Punjab, Navi Banghu has recently debuted in Director's Kut show Amrit Manthan . Navi is playing a character called Agam Mullick who hates Amrit (Adaa) and has only one ambition in life, to ruin Amrit and her ego.Says Navi, \"DKP's casting and acting mentor Kulvinder Bakshish spotted me in a music video and asked me to send my audition video. I sent it immediately and then Rajan Sir called me for another audition and look test. It was only after that I got selected,\" he says.Navi considers himself quite lucky because without any kind of struggle he got this opportunity. \"I owe a lot to Rajan sir and Kulvindar sir.When I met Rajan sir he asked me what kind of role I wanted to do in my career. Without thinking much I told him that a character like Alekh (played by Angad Hasija in Bidaai) is something I would like to do.\"Navi also explains that a workshop helped him get into the character of Agam. \"Lookwise I am very much like Agam so there was no homework required for that. But I had to learn a lot on other aspects since this is my debut show.\"Navi also adds, \"Last month at the launch party of Amrit Manthan I met Angad Hasija and I told him that how much I liked his work. He is a very humble person and was quite happy to know my liking for him. I want to become as popular as Angad Hasija\".Apart from Punjabi music videos, Navi has also done a Punjabi film called Teri Meri Ek Jind .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13461656", "title": "Girl tries to kill self after results", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 17-year-old girl tried to commit suicide after she failed in two papers in the class XII exams declared on Thursday. She was rescued by her family members and rushed to LG Hospital, where she is out of danger. Police officials said the girl, who is a resident of Amraiwadi, is student of Shantiniketan School . \"After checking the result online, she went to her house and locked herself in bedroom,\" said a police official. \"When the family's elders tried to talk to her, they found the door locked. Suspecting something was wrong, they broke open the door and found her hanging by a dupatta from the ceiling fan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13468530", "title": "Routes of some trains changed", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Due to interlocking work on Burhwal-Bindaura-Jahangirabad stations, railways changed the routes of some trains while others trains will be controlled at some stations. The interlocking work will be done from May 26 till June 1.Train number 12565 Darbhanga-New Delhi Sampark Kranti Express originating from Darbhanga on June 1 will go on the changed route of Gorakhpur-Mankapur-Ayodhya-Faizabad-Barabanki instead of its normal route of Gorakhpur-Mankapur-Gonda-Barabanki. Train number 12554 New Delhi-Baruni Vaishali Express originating from New Delhi on June 1 will go through the changed route of Barabanki-Faizabad-Ayodhya-Mankapur-Gorakhpur instead of its normal route of Barabanki-Gonda-Mankapur-Gorakhpur.Train number 15046 Okha-Gorakhpur Express will be controlled at Barabanki station for abut 30 minutes on May 29 while train number 12556 Hissar-Gorakhpur Express will be controlled at Barabanki station for 90 minutes on June 1.Train number 15708 Amritsar-Katihar Express will be controlled at Barabanki station on June 2 for about 30 minutes. Train number 12541 Gorakhpur-Lokmanya Tilak Terminus will be controlled in North Eastern railway region for about 20 minutes on June 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "13464057", "title": "Maoists deny hand in Rayagada killing", "text": "KORAPUT: The Maoists have denied their involvement in the murder of the husband of a sarpanch in Rayagada district. The secretary of Odisha State Organising Committee of CPI (Maoist), Sabyasachi Panda, informed this through an audio tape sent to certain media houses on Thursday.Six armed Maoists, including two women cadres, had allegedly killed Deva Jagaranga, husband of Lahari Jagaranga, sarpanch of Hanumanthpur panchayat early on Wednesday. A Maoist letter recovered from the crime spot had revealed that Deva was punished for working as a police informer. \"Neither the Maoist organization nor any of its frontal organization has any role in the murder This is the handiwork of police or groups acting in collusion with the police,\" the Maoist leader said in the audio tape.But police said the murder was the handiwork of Maoists and charged Sabyasachi of making false statements in the audio tape. \"Our probe reveals the Maoist leader and his group was behind the murder. What he is saying is not true,\" SP (Rayagada) Anup Krishna said. Police said the deceased was a petty contractor and had earned the Maoists wrath for not obeying their diktat and had taken few road construction works in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13460440", "title": "Car bombing case: Court staff warned for misplaced papers", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Thursday pulled up the court's record keepers for a \"goof-up and wastage of time\" after they misplaced some documents in connection with the Israeli diplomat car bombing case.The court found itself embroiled for over two hours in a lost-and-found drama of some applications of the police for extension of journalist Syed Mohammed Ahmad Kazmi's judicial custody after his arrest for an alleged role in the attack.The drama unfolded in the court of additional sessions judge S S Rathi, as he took up for hearing Kazmi's plea for copies of remand applications of the police for extension of his custody after his arrest.The sessions court had called for the record of the case including the remand papers from the court of chief metropolitan magistrate, where the case is pending. On perusing the record, the ASJ found five remand applications missing and summoned the CMM's record-keeper who said that he has given all the documents he had.The ASJ gave the record-keeper thirty minutes to search all the almirah and bring the record, after which one more document relating to the case was recovered. As the court was hearing the matter, one person came to the court and handed all the remand papers to the record-keeper, who then told the court that his assistant was successful in finding the papers in one almirah.The court said it was \"very strange\" that papers were located minutes after the record-keeper stated that he searched all almirah but failed to locate the papers. The court warned the record-keepers, saying that \"there was no plausible explanation as to why six original remand papers were not sent to this court earlier\".Kazmi's revision petition will be heard on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13460429", "title": "Steps initiated to check illegal sale of kerosene", "text": "PUNE: Citizens with two connections of LPG cylinders must get their ration cards stamped, failing which they will not be supplied further cylinders. The move aims to prevent consumers with two domestic LPG cylinders from buying subsidised kerosene through ration shopsThe announcement was made by state food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh here on Thursday after a meeting of MLAs, where it was urged that steps be initiated to prevent illegal sale of kerosene and put a check on LPG gas connections in the city.He said the move aims to prevent consumers with two domestic LPG cylinders from buying subsidised kerosene through ration shops. A pilot project will be implemented in the city from June 15 to check the stamp on ration cards, Deshmukh added.Deshmukh said, \"As per law, the government has stopped supply of kerosene to ration card holders having two gas connections. It is, however, observed that many card holders in the city have failed to get their ration cards stamped. This might lead to illegal supply of kerosene and the actual beneficiaries would be deprived of their share. The drive scheduled from next month will help the administration identify consumers who are buying kerosene using their ration cards in an illegal manner. We will stamp the card when a consumer will approach the agency.\"Deshmukh said the drive will continue for a couple of months and instructions have been given to the departments concerned. If needed, gas agencies and gas supplying companies will be roped in to update the data on gas connections.He said the state was receiving only 40% quota of kerosene than the annual requirement due to the Union government's decision to reduced supply of kerosene to the state. \"We are trying to reach as many beneficiaries as possible with the given quota,\" Deshmukh added.GPS system on kerosene tankers failed to deliverState food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh on Thursday admitted that the GPS system installed on kerosene tankers in the Pune district have failed to deliver. \"The system was installed to track movements of tankers. However, it was observed that the software was hacked by persons who were involved in illegal sale of kerosene, due to which the system failed to track these vehicles. There were instances when the system showed wrong locations of kerosene tankers.\" The minister said that an advanced system will be installed on the tankers in the future.State constructing 11 godowns in Pune districtThe state government is constructing 11 godowns with a total storage capacity of 23,780 metric tonne in Pune district. Almost every taluka place will have a new godown. State food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh said that NABARD has approved Rs 500 crore for the state to upgrade the storage capacity by constructing new godowns across the state. The godowns will help restrict damages caused to foodgrains and help streamline supply under the public distribution system. Deshmukh said the Food Corporation of India is coming up with new godowns at some locations in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13461595", "title": "Gujaratis' midnight savings: Rs 5.59 cr", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Few understand the value of money better than Gujaratis.On Wednesday, when the Union government announced one the steepest rises in petrol prices, Gujaratis lost no time in saving around Rs 5.59 crore by filling up tanks at old rates. Against an average consumption of 30 lakh litres a day, they bought one crore litres of petrol before the revised rates became effective at the stroke of the midnight.Gujarat Petrol Dealers' Association secretary Arvind Thakkar said that around 1,800 petrol pumps in the state sell about 9 crore litres every month. \"As the news about price hike spread, there was panic buying by Gujaratis who waited till late in the night to purchase petrol. From 6pm to 11pm, people bought over one crore litre - a record for a single day,\" he said.Manubhai Mehta, owner of Associated Petrol Pump, said: \"We generally sell around 11,500 litres every day. On Wednesday, we sold 30,200 litres. Most of the stock was exhausted by 6.30pm.\"People even attacked a petrol pump near Mithakhali when it downed shutters for the day. Angry residents went berserk and attacked the petrol pump.Those who did not get the regular petrol opted for premium, which costs about Rs 3 more.Narayan Desai, a resident of Vejalpur, said: \"I was in Bopal when I got the news about the increase. After waiting for nearly 90 minutes, I just managed to get 15 litres. But to get the tank filled, I went to the next petrol pump and got my tank full. I know this gain is short saving but by getting 30 liters of petrol I could save over Rs 200.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13480845", "title": "Four labourers killed after inhaling poisonous gas in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Four labourers died and two were injured after inhaling poisonous gas while cleaning a tank in Macheda industrial area of the district, police said.Kasim and his brother Abdul Kalam as well as siblings Jitendra and Tuntun fell unconscious in the tank and subsequently died late last evening.Two more labourers fainted after inhaling the gas, they said, adding that their condition was stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13461922", "title": "Youth loot man of Rs 75,000", "text": "INDORE: Two unidentified persons reportedly looted a businessman and escaped with a bag containing Rs 75,000 at Bhawarkuan area here on Wednesday.According to police, the incident took place at around 1.50 pm when the victim, Kulveer Singh Juneja, a resident of Vidhya Nagar, was going to deposit Rs 75,000 in the State Bank of India branch at RNT Marg.The police said two motorbike-borne youth, both around 25 years of age, attacked Juneja and fled with the bag when he stopped his motorbike (MP09 NG6713) near Ram Mandir at Jaanaki Nagar to receive a call.Juneja, who runs a spare part shop, tried to follow the bikers but in vain as the accused managed to flee.The victim later lodged a complaint with the Bhawarkuan police. They have registered a case under the Section 379 (theft) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13463006", "title": "Fire at sanitary material showroom and chicken shop", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sanitary material worth lakhs of rupees were gutted when a fire broke out in the rear area of Sector-7 based showroom on Thursday evening. Three water tenders were sent to the spot, which took over half-an-hour to douse the flames. No injury was reported in the incident.According to information, a fire broke out in Sector-7 based Sambhav Jain Shop at around 4pm. Initially, fire caught the sanitary material lying in the rear area, but later spread in other parts of the shop. The exact cause of fire could not be ascertained till filing of the report.In another incident, fire broke out in Sector-46 based Chawla Chicken Shop, but was controlled in its initial stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13467549", "title": "This \u2018Maoist\u2019 mom wants to make son a doctor", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Suspected Maoist Jamuna Singh alias Jayanti, currently lodged in the Ghatshila subdivisional jail, is a happy mother these days who wishes to make her one-day-old son a doctor. Jayanti gave birth to a baby boy on Wednesday.In her late 30s, Jayanti is a resident of Patharchakri village in Belpahari area of neighbouring Bengal. The area is adjacent to Gurabandha block of the Ghatshila subdivision in Jharkhand's East Singhbhum district.Jayanti has been lodged in the subdivisional jail since September 2011 in connection with her alleged role in the killing of former Jamshedpur MP Sunil Mahato by Maoists at Baguria village under Ghatshila police station area in March 4, 2007.Jayanti said she would take utmost care to educate the child and make him a doctor to serve society.Jayanti and her husband, Surya Deo Singh, was detained police in an area under the Chakuliya police station area last year. While her husband was released after interrogation, Jayanti was forwarded to jail. Four other alleged Maoists, who were also arrested along with Jayanti in connection with other Maoist-related activities, are also lodged in jail currently.Dr Sarita Kumari, the gynecologist, who supervised the birth of Jayanti's baby at the government-run hospital, said both mother and child are in sound health.\"We are taking adequate care of the child and the mother,\" said Dr Kumari.Ghatshila jail superintendent Ranjit Sinha said once Jayanti returns to the jail, the administration would ensure proper upbringing of the child.\"Although there's no separate arrangement (for pre-maternity cases) in the jail, we will take adequate care of the baby,\" he said.The subdivisional police have made tight security arrangement on the hospital premises every since Jayanti admitted there on Wednesday. She is likely to be discharged on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13460487", "title": "Child welfare committee criticizes cops for delaying investigation in child trafficking case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A child welfare committee has issued stern orders to the anti-human trafficking unit of the crime branch for its inefficiency in investigating a child trafficking case assigned to cops more than a month ago. Of the 20 minors reportedly trafficked from West Bengal , 12 have been rescued till date.In the three orders passed by CWC Lajpat Nagar on May 8, 16 and 23, the committee has expressed its disappointment at the working of the crime branch.In the May 16 order, the committee said that due to shortage of staff, the investigating officer (IO) had expressed his inability to conduct further rescue operations. \"The crime branch IO is stating complete helplessness. It is so disappointing to hear from the IO that given the current position of staff strength, he is not in a position to do anything in this matter,\" said the order.The order added that the officer had failed to perform his duty even in the case of the rescued children and suggested that either the commissioner of police decides to assign more staff to this branch for completing the probe and rescuing more children or the case be transferred to the 11 district police forces.\"One child had given a specific complaint of sexual harassment amounting to 'outraging of modesty' before the committee but IO is yet to take action against the accused.... In other cases also, police are required to take action against the employers under penal provisions of the JJ Act and IPC, which is also pending despite the fact that CWC had reminded the IO several times,\" said the order.While cops deny any shortage of staff and say they have successfully conducted rescue operations, CWC, in its latest order on May 23, said that according to the IO, he had not been provided with additional staff till date. The order was passed on the day the crime branch rescued three more children and produced them in front of CWC.Deputy commissioner of police (crime) Sanjay Jain said there was no shortage of staff and there was a miscommunication on the part of the inspector. \"We have conducted operations and rescued the children. The traffickers and accused have been arrested and are in judicial custody,\" said Jain. Police sources say a departmental inquiry has been ordered by the additional DCP.The May 8 order talks about an accused, identified as Laxman, who was in judicial custody after his bail application was rejected thrice. However, the May 23 order said Laxman is yet to be produced in front of CWC.\"The report submitted by IO is not satisfactory. Accused Laxman was to be presented before the committee to verify on pending wages of the children which cannot be taken up today,\" said the order.On March 27, after receiving a tip-off from a trafficker, CWC ordered the crime branch to conduct raids across the city to rescue the kids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13460954", "title": "Property circle rates to get hiked", "text": "NOIDA: The Gautam Budh Nagar district administration has proposed to hike the circle rates of property by 10-30% soon. While the additional district magistrate (finance), Gautam Budh Nagar, S B Tiwari has granted a preliminary approval to the new rates, the list of the proposed increase has been sent to the district magistrate for final approval. However, the administration is yet to decide on the date from which the new rates will be implemented.While the circle rates for residential and group housing will be increased by 15 to 30 percent, the circle rate for institutional and commercial properties will be increased by around 20 to 30 percent, the circle rate for the industrial sector will be increased by 10%. The district magistrate will hold a final meeting in this regard on Friday.\"The administration decided that it was essential to raise the circle rates in the district as property prices have increased considerably. The new rates have been arrived at on the basis of the current allotment rates of property and land in Noida and Greater Noida. The hike has been proposed to bridge the gap between the current real estate prices and offered circle rates in the sectors,\" said Tiwari.\"The hike in circle rates will discourage people from buying and selling property below the market price because the proposed circle rate will cover the gap between the present circle price and its market value,\" he added.The decision to increase the circle rates in the two cities had been under consideration since July last year and the administration is finally considering revising the circle rates in Noida, Greater Noida, Dadri and Jewar. The last hike in circle rates in the district was implemented in 2010. The circle rate was hiked between 15 and 20 percent at the time.Circle rate is the minimum rate at which stamp duty is charged on transaction of a property. It is rampant practice for many property sellers and buyers to declare the value of transaction at a lower rate to get away with a lesser stamp duty payment. This leads to a huge loss in revenue for authorities and, thus, the the circle rate is revised depending on the prevailing market rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13463378", "title": "Hadiya yet to get her second PU result", "text": "MANGALORE: The department of PU education has withheld the result of Hadiya Iqbal, a commerce student of Jain PU College, Moodbidri, who was in the news over the headscarf (hijab) controversy. The department is awaiting the report of the special committee which conducted an inquiry into the issue.Hadiya could not attend classes throughout her second year PU as the college authorities did not allow her to wear headscarf inside the classroom. She was denied hall ticket as she had attendance shortage. However, later, when she made a request, the department allowed her to appear for the examination. The department had asked her to sign a letter comprising 10 conditions before handing over the hall ticket around 7 am on March 15, the first day of the board exam.The special committee is expected to submit its report within two days. It had visited the college for the inquiry on May 22.Joint director of the PU education department Dakshayani told TOI that Hadiya's result would be published soon after the committee submits its report. \"The committee has already conducted the inquiry. We are expecting the report and I hope within two days we will be able to publish Hadiya's result,\" she added.When TOI contacted Hadiya, she said, \"I had worked hard, even though I could not attend classes. I hope to secure good marks,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13462170", "title": "AI pilots to go into huddle for deciding future course", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aviation minister Ajit Singh's offer to take back the 101 sacked pilots of Air India on a case-to-case basis has triggered the Indian Pilots' Guild (IPG), which has been on strike since May 7, to rethink their decisions.The union of AI pilots will decide by Friday evening whether it should call off the strike or not. The stir has already led to a loss of close to Rs 300 crore to AI. \"We will discuss with the 440 members of IPG and the committee of 10 pilots within 24 hours of the government's offer,\" IPG's Tauseef Mukadam said. He added that they had not got any offer to talk from the ministry yet.Meanwhile, as a sign of solidarity with the sacked pilots, their colleagues from IPG have started a signature campaign seeking a no-objection certificate from AI to resign once they get their unpaid salary.This unity has started to wear thin, with 100 executive pilots of AI not joining the stir. Last May, when Indian Airlines pilots' union went on strike, the executive pilots had joined the stir in two days and brought the domestic operations to a halt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13480835", "title": "Clooney and Denzel named hottest over 50", "text": "George Clooney , Colin Firth and Denzel Washington have been named as the sexiest men over 50.The actors are among 21 hunks to make AARP magazine's 'Men on Fire' list of older heartthrobs.Other stars to make the cut include actors Viggo Mortensen , Liam Neeson and Samuel Jackson , rocker Jon Bon Jovi and Antonio Banderas .\"No. Well, yes , I'm a little bald, but I don't think the pressure is just a Hollywood thing. It's a social thing,\" Contactmusic quoted Antonio, 51, as saying when asked by the magazine whether he feels pressure to look younger.\"I work out every morning, and when I'm finished, the first thing I put in my body is white tea. Everything is about balance.\"George was nominated not only for his looks, but also his philanthropic nature, while Denzel's 'Flight' co-star Don Cheadle thinks his friend's on-screen persona helps to project an image of him as a \"grounded\" star.\"Denzel's mystique is that he projects self-confidence. You see his performances and know you're looking at a grounded person,\" he said.Other men on the list include cellist Yo Yo Ma, author John Irving and paleontologist Paul Sereno.The magazine's editor-in-chief, Nancy Perry Graham, said: \"Our readers understand that sex appeal is ageless, so we thought a feature on the sexiest men over 50 would be a great way to kick off summer.\"AARP magazine, Men on Fire list 2012:George ClooneyColin FirthDenzel WashingtonJon Bon JoviAntonio BanderasJon Huntsman Jr.Samuel JacksonLiam NeesonDenzel WashingtonBrian WilliamsYo-Yo MaScott BakulaJames BrolinRupert EverettJohn IrvingRobert F. Kennedy Jr.Andy MillLeslie MoonvesViggo MortensenPaul SerenoGeorge StraitMario Van Peebles", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13462630", "title": "Swarathma band to launch its new album", "text": "MYSORE: Rock music buffs, get ready for some head-banging. City-based folk-rock band Swarathma will perform eight songs of its new album 'Topiwalleh' at a live concert in Vanaranga in Rangayana premises here.The band members, led by lead vocalist Vasu Dixit, will render the songs along with their previous compositions on May 25 for 90 minutes from 6.45pm. On the occasion, the band will launch its second album 'Topiwalleh' comprising eight songs, of which two are Hindi and the rest in Kannada.Vasu said the title track explains the present-day political scenario, while the others throw light on social issues like child abuse, youth empowerment, and the like. \"We will those socially-relevant songs to create awareness among people. In the days to come, we will sing them in different cities, said Dixit.The songs are a fusion of rock, carnatic and jazz, Dixit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13463004", "title": "Dengue claims first life in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: The first dengue death was reported in Madurai district on Thursday with an eight-month-old baby dying at the Government Rajaji hospital in the city on Wednesday. The fever has spread fast from Tirunelveli, where the first outbreak was reported in April. The disease has also spread to the Virudhunagar and Tuticorin districts where health officials and authorities fought to check its spread.On Wednesday, chief minister J Jayalalithaa , who held a review meeting with health minister V S Vijay and officials, put the official death toll so far at 29.The baby, Barghana, daughter of Peer Mohammed of Sellur in Madurai district, had been admitted to the hospital in a critical condition.The city corporation has got into top disease prevention mode, though it continues to deny any dengue cases. But doctors have said that they are seeing patients coming in with dengue.Doctors in private hospitals say they are treating children for dengue, with the disease spreading much earlier this year.The usual season for the fever, which has already claimed 29 lives in the southern districts in the past month, starts in August or during the monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13463434", "title": "\u2018Banned portals used for betting\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Besides luring gullible people to cricket betting, the high-profile cricket bookies, who were arrested on Tuesday night, were also experts in hacking various foreign websites and even e-mail identities of their clients.A Special Investigation Team (SIT) of Chandigarh police headed by DSP (CID) Anil Joshi had busted an IPL betting racket, which was being run through banned websites like 'betlife.com', and arrested six persons in this regard. They were making bets on the match being played between Kolkata and Delhi in Pune. The police said the accused were operating these websites through different IP addresses that are not recognized by Indian filters. These portals keep on updating with every ball, wicket and run rate of the match.\"Today the SIT has called in about 20 persons for verification and recording of statements. It is a close-knitted network that has its roots in various parts of Delhi, Punjab, Haryana and Himachal Pradesh. On the basis of interrogation, we have collected many clues and will make more arrests,\" said SSP Naunihal Singh. \"These bookies were running this racket from a website that is banned in India but legal in the UK. We were after this gang for the past many weeks and had enough evidence against them before arresting them,\" said Joshi.Police also recovered Rs 1.05 lakh in cash, mobile phones, SIM cards and an SUV from their possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13460296", "title": "'No civic nod needed to plaster house'", "text": "MUMBAI: A citizen does not require civic permission to plaster his/her house, said the Bombay high court, even as it rapped the BMC over a man's application to repair his dilapidated premises in Malad (E).A vacation division bench of Justice S J Kathawalla and Justice P D Kode made the observation while hearing a petition by Kiran Mirani, who occupies three rooms in Harji Patel chawl. He uses two rooms as a shop and lives in the third.Mirani had applied to the local BMC ward office in May 2011 for permission to re-plaster walls and repair/replace the roof of his premises. Mirani, who himself argued in court, said due to heavy leakage during the rains, extensive damage was caused to grains and provisions stored in his shop.The judges were miffed that despite repeated applications to the BMC to allow Mirani to repair the walls and the roof, the civic body did not respond. At one point, they even indicated that they would summon the civic commissioner to reply to the court's queries after BMC advocate Mamta Bhoir said she had no instructions from the ward office (P-North) and struggled to come up with proper answers.Bhoir said under Section 342 of the BMC Act, Mirani was expected to fill a form and an inspector would then visit and examine the premises. The judges said citizens who approached the BMC must be informed of the procedure, if any. \"Did you tell him he has to fill a form?\" asked Justice Kathawalla.Perusing the section, the judges pointed out that if Mirani was only interested in re-plastering the walls and repairing/replacing the roof with the same material (asbestos sheets), it would fall under the category of tenantable repairs and no permission was required for the same. \"If I plaster my house, I require your (BMC) permission?\" asked Justice Kathawalla, adding, \"You (BMC) should have told him (Mirani) that permission is not required.\" Allowing Mirani to re-plaster the walls of his shop and repair/replace the roof with asbestos sheets, the judges restrained the BMC from obstructing him in any manner.Under the rules, repairs pertaining to structural changes or additions or alterations require civic permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "13460596", "title": "New dam proposed at Keri", "text": "KERI: In order to meet the increasing demand for drinking water and irrigation, the Goa government has proposed the construction of a new dam at Ponsuli, Keri, in Sattari taluka.The contractor of water resources department (WRD) has started the work of soil testing and other preliminary work.The Keri village also boasts of the Anjunem irrigation project at Anjunem having a height of 42.22m and 175m crest length at the upstream end of a 1.5km long Kalti nadi. This dam has a reservoir of 2.325 sq km.The water resources department has initiated the work of soil testing at the back end of the submerged Ponsuli village. When TOI contacted, the executive engineer of WRD at Karapur, M P Hudelgaddi, he said, \"We are working on the proposal and collecting data. Presently we have started soil testing in submerged area to build a new dam in Ponsuli, to meet specially drinking water needs of the future.\" He further added, \"Though the dam has sufficient water to cater to drinking as well as irrigation needs. We are preparing this proposal for the future.\"Amrut Singh, president of animal rescue squad, Bicholim, said, \"The preliminary work started by WRD is near the Mhadei wildlife sanctuary which is known for the presence of big cats. Before starting any work, WRD should consult the wildlife experts and forest department as the new dam is likely to increase the submergence areas and will destroy the forest.\"Chandrakant Shinde, a volunteer of Vivekanand environment awareness brigade, Keri said, \"We found the pugmarks of male as well as female tigers and a cub in Ponsuli and Gulle. However, as soon as the contractor started soil testing work we couldn't get the tiger pugmarks. The sound of machines, water pumps used at the site has caused a lot of disturbance for the tigers.\" Hudelgaddi said, \"When we will start actual work of proposed dam, WRD will obtain necessary clearances required under the law.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13462904", "title": "Assam unit of NSUI wants to arrange stay for poor students in Delhi", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam unit of the National Students' Union of India (NSUI) has sent a proposal to the state government to chalk out an initiative to help students from economically weak backgrounds with accommodations at minimum rates during the approaching college admission period in Delhi.The students' union wants to help around 100 students and their guardians from financially weak backgrounds by providing accommodation for them at a lesser cost in Delhi during the admission period. Considered as an educational hub of higher studies for students with ambitious academic pursuits, Delhi sees a massive surge of students from Assam and northeast flocking the various colleges for admissions.\"The admission process is not just stressful for the students but also for their parents and the expensive stay in Delhi only add to their worries. Thus, we want to start an initiative to help around 100 students from economically weak backgrounds by providing accommodation at a minimum rate before and during the admission procedures. We have even spoken to the chief minister and the Student and Youth Welfare Advisory Committee about it,\" said Partho Pratim Bora, secretary of Assam National Students' Union of India.Bora added that the chief minister and the advisory committee are presently was looking into the matter to figure out a way through which the initiative can be implemented properly. The government will soon come out with a plan to impose the initiative.The students from the state and other northeastern states will also have two help desks and helpline numbers at their disposal during the admission period. The help desks are expected to sort out the admission-related queries, hostel queries and will help students find alternative colleges. The two anti-ragging and anti-eve teasing helpline numbers are to help students from the region as they are considered vulnerable to the social menaces at the various educational institutions in the capital.\"We had sent some proposals to the Delhi NSUI two months ago for the formation of the help desks and helpline numbers. The desks will be set up at the north campus of Delhi University as there are very few colleges in the south campus. However, the helpline numbers can be accessed from across the city,\" Bora added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13459590", "title": "After Rolls Royce Ghost, Napier next in line for restoration", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Rolls Royce Ghost at the Chowmahalla Palace will have a befitting companion in a year's time. The over-a-century-old Napier, which was used by the sixth Nizam, has been shifted from the palace to vintage car curator Rana Manvendra Singh in Indore by the palace authorities for restoration. The car will participate in the next year's automobile show at Mumbai and will be back to the city early next year in its glitzy avatar.Palace authorities said that two Napier cars from the palace's collection will participate in the competition this time - one in the restored cars category and another in its existing condition in the old cars category. Classified as truly classic cars and ranking among the most priceless and prestigious in the world, they were ordered by the sixth Nizam Mir Mehboob Ali Khan. \"Such cars are few in the world. They are an automobile heritage,\" said G Kishan Rao, director of the palace. He said that the denizens would have to wait for a year to have a glimpse of the restored beauty.Older than the Rolls Royce Silver Ghost Throne car, the two Napier cars were used by the sixth Nizam who died in 1911 unlike the Rolls Royce which was delivered after the sixth Nizam died.It was during the centenary celebrations of Rolls Royce in February this year that former princess Esra, former wife of Mukarram Jah, grandson of Nizam VII Mir Osman Ali Khan had announced that the Napier car would be restored. There are a total 11 vintage cars that are on display at the Chowmahalla Palace and the palace authorities plan to restore them in a phased manner.Rolls Royce that bagged \"Best of Class Prize\" in the Rolls Royce Class and \"Best of Show the Concour de Elegance Prize\" in the Cartier Travel with Style Concour de Elegance held at Delhi in March 2011 was also restored by Manvendra Singh. The Napier cars will participate in the same show that will be held in Mumbai next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13466103", "title": "Loitam case: Karnataka\u2019s counsellors driven out of Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: Intensifying their agitation demanding a CBI inquiry into Richard Loitam's death, six student bodies of Manipur have announced a ban on the import and use of all products manufactured in Karnataka. Leaders of the student bodies have also asked counsellors of all Karnataka-based educational institutions camping in Imphal to leave Manipur.Richard, from Uripok Yambem Leikai, was found dead on his hostel bed at Acharya NRV School of Architecture, Bangalore, on April 18. Senior students had allegedly thrashed him inside the hostel complex the previous night.At a media conference in Imphal, the student bodies also demanded that a ministerial team from Manipur be sent to Karnataka to pressure the government there to ensure justice in the case.Leaders of the All-Manipur Students' Union, Manipuri Students' Federation, Democratic Students' Alliance of Manipur, Kangleipak Students' Association, Swak and Suk have said their ban on Karnataka products would be lifted only when the Richard Loitam death case is handed over to the CBI.The stunning development came despite Karnataka chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda's assurance on May 6 that a fresh autopsy would be conducted by AIIMS for second opinion. He had also said the investigation would be transferred to CID.The student bodies have been holding different forms of agitation like burning effigies of the chief ministers and home ministers of Karnataka and Manipur and picketing offices of political parties in Imphal for the past few days.Besides Richard, they are also demanding justice for another Manipur student, Okram Laaba, who died in Chennai last year. A BCA student of Hindustan College of Arts and Science, Kelambakkam, Chennai, Laaba was found dead in his hostel room on June 23 last year, his face covered with a polythene bag.Meanwhile, the Manipur People's Party (MPP) has sent a memorandum to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh urging him to institute a CBI probe into Richard's death \"to avoid more trouble\".\"We, the people of Manipur, have no faith in Karnataka police handling the case. The MPP wants it to be handled by an independent body like the CBI to bring justice to Richard,\" the memorandum, signed by MPP president Nimaichand Luwang, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "13463393", "title": "Experts advocate zero tillage farming for northeast", "text": "SHILLONG: Agricultural scientists have advocated the introduction of a new kind of farming called 'zero tillage', which does not require any ploughing, for the rain-fed northeast that had earlier been characterized as a 'complex-diverse-risk prone' area for farming.\"Intensive natural resource mining and continuous degradation of resources (soil, water, and vegetation) under conventional agricultural practices will not ensure farm productivity and food security for the coming years,\" a bulletin issued by the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) for NEH Region, Umiam pointed out.It said that farmers in the northeast needs to practice conservation agriculture based on minimum or zero tillage (no till), residue retention or incorporation and crop diversification, which is an alternative to conciliate agriculture with its environment and overcome constraints of climate change and high input costs.\"Resource conserving technologies using locally available resources encompasses practices that enhance resource or input-use efficiency. It provides immediate, identifiable and demonstrable economic benefits such as reduction in production costs, saving of irrigation water, fuel, labour requirements and timely establishment of crops resulting in improved yields, soil health and income,\" the report compiled by agricultural experts said.According to the report, an experiment conducted at ICAR Research Complex at Umiam revealed that minimum tillage (2 ploughing) recorded about 10 per cent higher yield of rice compared to conventional tillage (3-4 ploughing).\"With the help of zero tillage, rabi crops can be grown directly in the same land in which rice is grown after it is harvested. As the soil is not tilled, the rate of soil moisture loss will be reduced and rabi crops can be grown successfully with conserved soil moisture and life-saving irrigation,\" the report said.\"Practice of zero tillage is a viable resource conserving technology for the region to increase cropping intensity, employment, nutritional security and higher income,\" the paper iterated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13462297", "title": "Judge, doctors to get Tiwari\u2019s sample: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday rejected Congress leader and former Andhra Pradesh governor N D Tiwari's 'harm-to-reputation' argument and ordered him to give blood samples for DNA profiling to test the authenticity of Rohit Shekhar's paternity claim.Tiwari, who had told the Delhi HC to draw adverse inference against him for not giving the blood samples, will now be left with no option but to comply with the apex court's order. A bench of Justices Deepak Verma and S J Mukhopadhaya asked the Dehradun district judge to accompany the civil surgeon and pathologist to meet Tiwari on May 29 to draw blood samples and then send it to Hyderabad-based Central Forensic Science Laboratory for DNA profiling.Delhi HC had repeatedly ordered Tiwari to give blood samples, the first of which was passed on December 23, 2010. Exasperated by the long delay in compliance of its orders, the HC, on April 27, asked police to force Tiwari to give blood samples for DNA profiling to test whether he fathered Shekhar.Tiwari's counsel, senior advocate Gopal Subramaniam, attempted to differentiate between a civil suit and a criminal case to fault the HC's direction to police to force the Congress leader to part with the blood sample. It did not impress the bench of justices. \"Instead of litigating, if you are so clean, why don't you go and give the blood sample,\" the bench asked.\"If you do not want use of physical force, then go and voluntarily comply with the order,\" the bench said while dismissing Tiwari's appeal against the HC's April 27 order. As a last resort, Subramaniam argued that Tiwari was 88 years old and found it difficult to move around. He also argued that the matter should not be part of public discussion. The bench asked, \"Why did you not seek in-camera proceedings before the high court?\" and dismissed the plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13463845", "title": "Petro pinch may fuel LPG misuse in Bhubaneswar vehicles", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The steep hike in petrol price may see a rise in the misuse of domestic LPG in city vehicles.Vehicle owners have started frequenting city-based garages to explore the feasibility of converting their conventional petrol engines to LPG model. \"A few taxi owners and private cars were today inquiring about the pros and cons of the LPG system. The choice is theirs, but I have warned them of police action if caught using domestic LPG in vehicles,\" said a garage owner requesting anonymity.Another automobile expert Debasis Pradhan advised his clients to shift to Auto LPG system, which is legal. \"While imported kits cost around Rs 20,000, locally-made engines come for around Rs 12,000. People should approach government recognized agencies to convert their engines,\" Pradhan said.The use of LPG as an automobile fuel became legal in India with effect from April 24, 2000, albeit within the prescribed safety terms and conditions. But hundreds of LPG vehicles are running in the city by using domestic LPG cylinders, which is a very unsafe practice. A 14.2 kg LPG cylinder, worth nearly RS 600, can give mileage of around 230km, sources said.\"Using domestic LPG cylinders in automobiles is illegal. RTO has authorized three agencies in Bhubaneswar to convert petrol engines to Auto LPG,\" city motor vehicle inspector S K Dalei said. \"With the help of police, we are conducting raids in illegal gas filling centres,\" Dalei said.Citizens demanded establishment of more Auto LPG dispensing stations in Bhubaneswar. Sources said the state capital has only two Auto LPG filling stations near CRP Square and Rajiv Bhawan. At present, Auto LPG costs Rs 48.61 per litre. Its mileage is nearly 4% less than the petrol-powered engines.Only around 300 Auto LPG-run vehicles ply in Bhubaneswar. The petrol pump authorities near CRP Square said they sell around 1500 litre Auto LPG everyday.\"At the present scenario, there is no harm in shifting to the Auto LPG model. But more number of filling stations should come up,\" Ashis Mishra, a bank manager said.Meanwhile, the automobile showrooms here are sitting with finger crossed to get feedback from customers, who had booked for petrol-power vehicles. \"Petrol price hike is indeed a big blow to customers. People would definitely opt for diesel-run cars. The feedback would be received within a week,\" said Sanjay Kumar Gupta, general manager of Sky Automobile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13460958", "title": "Woman robbed of Rs 5L gold, cash by \u2018son\u2019s friends\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Three persons conned a 48-year-old homemaker into believing that they were her son's friends and on pretext of asking for water, gagged her and robbed cash and gold jewellery worth nearly Rs 5 lakh at knifepoint. The three, including a juvenile, were arrested by the RCF police.The incident, which occurred earlier this week, took place in a first floor flat of Manish Vijay society near Vashi Naka when the victim, Mumtaz Sayyed, was alone at home. The police later nabbed the accused-Sandeep Thakur (22), Sandeep alias Kidki (23) and a 16-year-old boy-at Kalyan Shilphata. The booty, which the trio had planned to sell to buy drugs, has been recovered.\"Thakur and the juvenile accomplice entered Sayyed's house on the pretext of enquiring about her son Imtiaz, who was away at work. They asked for a glass of water and as soon as she entered the kitchen, they attacked Sayyed. Neighbours rescued her after they heard her screams,\" said senior inspector Dilip Yadav, adding, by then, the duo had escaped. They were caught within 24 hours by the police.The police also caught Kidki, who had tipped off the two other accused the victim stays alone at home the whole day while his son is at work. Sayyed, in the complaint, said, \"Around 8pm, the two youngsters entered the house pretending to be my son's friends. When I said my son is away at work, they asked for water.\"\"The two followed Sayyed, pointed a knife at her, gagged and tied her to a chair. They then broke open a cupboard in the bedroom and fled with gold jewellery, cash, mobile phone and watches worth Rs 4.61 lakh,\" said the police officer.Yadav said they first got hold of Kidki and learnt that he had tipped off the two accused and helped in executing the robbery. \"The arrested accused had relocated to Kalyan Shilphata few years ago. They frequently visited the slum locality at Vashi Naka where the victim's building is situated. The arrested accused said they committed the offence to buy drugs and enjoy a lavish lifestyle,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13459608", "title": "Livid Michael Nobbs blasts 'inept' team", "text": "BANGALORE: Indian hockey coach Michael Nobbs is livid. The 5-1 rout that New Zealand handed to India in the Sultan Azlan Shah Cup hockey tournament opener in Ipoh on Thursday has come as a rude shock to the Australian.For him, the loss wasn't merely a reality check for the team. It was time to put the screws on errant players.Starting with an opportunistic strike in the opening minute, New Zealand, who are drawn in the same group as India at the London Olympics, ripped through a lacklustre defence to build a healthy margin.Simon Child (1st), Andy Hayward (35th), Nick Wilson (58th), Stephen Jenness (61st) and Matt L'huillier (65th) scored for New Zealand, while India's lone goal came through Shivendra Singh in the sixth minute. India also had their chances off penalty corners but failed to score. The defeat was reminiscent of India's 3-7 loss to the Black Sticks in the same tournament last year.\"Well, where do we start? We were pathetic, everything we talked about and practised we decided to forget and go back to our old style of play,\" thundered Nobbs when asked about the margin of defeat. The defence was awful. I have repeatedly asked my defenders to mark from the front. In the first minute of the game, Sandeep mis-trapped a 40m pass aimed at the forward and they scored. It went downhill from there. One minute from half-time, Rupinderpal made a silly tackle which he didn't need to and they scored. 2-1 down at half-time,\" he said.Nobbs pointed out that India had planned to do a half court press but ended up with a fuller version against a team as well drilled as New Zealand.\"They got around it easily and we exposed ourselves to counter-attack. It didn't help that our forwards suddenly decided not to come back and defend for the rest of the half. New Zealand had only seven shots (at the goal) in the game and scored five goals. A pathetic performance by us.\"The coach said there was a lot of hard work ahead.\"We are not that good yet. We have to accept responsibility for our performance and not look for excuses. This tour is also about selection for the Olympic team. We can only have 16 and performances here will certainly have a bearing on who goes and who doesn't. If we are going to get a top six finish at the Olympics then we need a much better performance for the rest of this tour.\"Nobbs felt the turf was difficult to play on but was quick to point out that it was the same for all the teams.Results:Pakistan 4 (Mohammad Irfan 34, Sohail Abbas 50, Abdul Haseem Khan 65, Muhammad Waqas 69) bt Argentina 2 (Gonzalo Peillat 53, Mathias Paredes 62).New Zealand 5 (Simon Child 1, Andy Hayward 35, Nick Wilson 58, Stephen Jenness 61, Matt L'huillier 65) bt India 1 (Shivendra Singh 6).South Korea 1 (Seo Jong-Ho 7) drew with Malaysia 1 (Faizal Saari 56).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "13464097", "title": "Engineering students on hunger strike in Cuttack", "text": "CUTTACK: Eight students of a private engineering college, Dhaneswar Rath Institute of Engineering and Management Studies (DRIEMS), have gone on an indefinite hunger strike to protest against the college authority's decision to debar them from writing the final examinations. The students belonging to third year have been debarred from writing six semester examinations on grounds of vandalizing the college premises.The agitating students have alleged it was discriminatory on the part of college authorities to not allow them to appear in the examination. \"On May 19, a group of students had staged protest in the campus demanding morning college and we were also part of it. During the protest, agitators suddenly turned violent and started vandalizing the campus. Penalty was imposed on over 150 students involved in the vandalism, but the college authorities have exempted all those students and debarred only eight of us from writing the six semester examination. It is very unfair,\" said Sheikh Mohiuddin, an agitating student.\"The college authorities have also imposed hefty penalty on us ranging from Rs 50,000 to 1.5 lakh. They are discriminating us from other students,\" added Mohiuddin. \"We have also begged apology from the authorities but they are in no mood to listen to our appeals,\" another agitating student said.But the college authorities have refuted the allegations. \"We have not discriminated against anyone. These eight students were leading the students group that had vandalized the college campus on May 19. Property worth lakhs of rupees was destroyed in the vandalism so accordingly the students involved in it have been punished,\" said Brajabandhu Nanda, an official of the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13483175", "title": "Alka in a playback singing special", "text": "In tonight's episode of \"Jo Jeeta Wohi Superstar 2\", singer Alka Yagnik will make an appearance, and sing some of her popular numbers, while challenging the contestants on their playback singing skills. The episode will begin with a performance by Yagnik of her classic \"Ek Do Teen\" from \"Tezaab\".As the competition heats up, this playback singing special episode will give the contestants yet another chance to prove their skills. This challenge is supposed to be the toughest so far, as the Challengers and Champions will have to perform renditions of many popular hits and lend their voices to superstars like Shah Rukh Khan, Salman Khan , Kareena Kapoor and Ranbir Kapoor . Will they be confident enough to pull off a singing style that they have never attempted? Will Irfan, who has some playback singing experience, also falter in this challenge or will he breeze through and shine among his competitors who have no experience?Gauging the nervousness mounting on the contestants, mentors Shantanu, Swanand and Shaan will take them to a recording studio to give them a real-life feel of the profession of playback singing. The mentors, along with Alka, will also try to offset the grim mood of the contestants with their jokes and antics while recording the songs.But with Alka's entry on the show, comes a new twist to the competition. A surprise elimination? Or something worse...will a contestant be disqualified? To find out, tune in to \" Jo Jeeta Wohi Superstar 2 \" tonight at 9 on Star Plus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13461307", "title": "BSP government showered doles on Noida Extn developers", "text": "LUCKNOW: If you bought a flat in Noida Extension in 2009 or later, you would have made the full payment upfront, but your builder has the liberty to pay the land development charges to the government in a staggered manner over 10 years, thanks to a concession extended by the BSP government.A government order (1820/77-3-09-286N/07) of May 22, 2009 gave exemption in taxes and levies to real estate developers, who were clubbed with service industries like IT and biotech. These developers were asked to invest Rs 2 crore per hectare as part of development charge but got either seven years or 10 years, depending on the size of the plot, to pay up.Those who owned a plot size of 500 hectares and above were given a 10-year payment schedule, while those owning smaller sizes had to pay the charges over a seven-year period. And this when the same builders were taking the full payment in advance from buyers. Builders were also given exemption on stamp duties at the time of ownership rights' transfer. So, in other words, the Maya government allowed Noida Extension developers to sit over the investors' money for that long duration.In 2009, the Mayawati government also changed the land use of Noida Extension areas from industrial to residential. And in the same year, it gave all possible incentives to builders in the name of real estate recession. Documents available with the industrial development department show that the BSP government had showered concessions on developers the same year after changing the land use of 2,500 hectares of the total 3,000 hectares land from industrial to residential.Over 2 lakh people have bought flats in Noida Extension but are yet to get possession because the Greater Noida Authority (which looks after Noida Extension) did not get the masterplan of the area cleared by the NCR Planning Board. The authority moved a review petition in the Allahabad High Court, seeking that this mandatory requirement be done away with, but the court struck the plea down.So, the buyers are now in a limbo. They have taken loans and are now paying EMIs for flats that they cannot move into. But the builders have received full payment for the flats they sold and, better still, have the luxury of paying the government a large part of their land cost over a decade.Greater Noida Authority CEO Rama Raman was not available for comment despite repeated attempts, but sources in the industrial development department said industrial and infrastructure development commissioner (IIDC) AK Gupta has completed his inquiry into the land use change. The report, sources said, is likely to be submitted to the chief secretary soon.But those who bought flats in Noida Extension are angry. \"We have been hit from all sides. While on the one hand we pay heavy EMIs to banks, we are forced to live in rented homes,'' said president of Noida Extension Flat Owners' Association, Abhishek Kumar.The association has now threatened to stage a sit-in in front of the house of Union urban development minister Kamal Nath in case NCRPB does not give due clearance to the Noida Extension project. Kumar said the association members had also sought time from UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav . \"But we are yet to meet him,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13462808", "title": "Dark end to night food street", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The first and only night food street of the city has shut down with allottees of the last two kiosks surrendering their space to municipal corporation claiming that the venture is not profitable anymore.Now, MC will draft a new plan with revised modalities to run the project. Though the exercise to rework plan is yet to begin, sources in MC said the kiosks would be given through draw of lots at minimum rates. Besides, special emphasis would be laid on affordable rates of eatable and cleanliness. \"It is also being considered that all eight kiosks should be given to eight different people or only to two or three to run the system in better manner,\" said an official.The development, however, has not gone well with city residents. Deepak Sharma, a PU student and hosteller rued, \"It is disappointing. We used to go there often for dinner after a late night revision session.\"However, municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh assured that the venture would be restarted with new methods and initiatives to provide quality food to the pubic in the night hours with best infrastructure. We have almost examined the entire discrepancies those were running in the past and all would remove those with the suggestions of experts, municipal councillors\",Joint commissioner-cum-secretary Rajiv Kumar Gupta said, \"As the matter needs a lot of brain storming, it will be either be taken up in finance and contract committee or house meeting for detailed discussion in the coming month.\"The authority has to file a detailed reply in Punjab and Haryana high court in the initial days of July regarding the measure taken to run the project of night food street in better and improved manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13479032", "title": "Lara Dutta makes her big screen comeback", "text": "Post pregnancy, Lara Dutta has finally signed her first film and shall start shooting August onwards.Lara Dutta recently claimed that she would not be returning to Bollywood anytime soon. The actress who delivered a baby girl in January this year then said, \"I am looking at films and scripts. But I am not going to be back on the sets for at least the next couple of months because I want to make sure that my baby is secure. Only then I'll be back\".And now it seems Lara's self-imposed exile from the film industry has come to an end. The actress has signed Bejoy Nambiar's film David . Apparently Lara will start shooting for the film from August. Lara Dutta is also simultaneously working on her home-production banner though David is not being produced by her.Not much is known about Lara's character other than the fact that David has an ensemble cast. The film stars Neil Nitin Mukesh, Tabu, Vikram (South superstar), Monica Dogra and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13460012", "title": "Cabbie thrashed before cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Showing sheer contempt for the law, two men who claimed to be related to a national cricketer brutally assaulted a cab driver in front of police constables on Pusa Road early on Wednesday. BPO driver Jaspal Singh, 46, was doing the night run from west Delhi to Noida when his Tata Sumo brushed past the assailants' car, DL 6CJ 8817, around 1am.The FIR by constable Anand, who tried to stop the attack, states that the two men went on hitting the driver, saying they were cousins of cricketer Gautam Gambhir and knew influential people who would protect them. One of them identified himself as Raghav Gambhir, and police have found out that he lives in Old Rajendra Nagar.However, Gautam's mother Seema Gambhir denied any kinship with the assailants. \"We have absolutely no idea about the incident. I do not even know this person called Raghav Gambhir. My son has nothing to do with the incident, and his name is being misused,\" she told TOI.While the assailants have reportedly gone into hiding after the attack, displaying even greater audacity a man claiming to be Raghav's father visited the private hospital where Singh is admitted and threatened his daughter not to pursue the case.Police said Singh was attacked near Metro pillar 97 on Pusa Road, around 100m away from a police picket. \"We rushed to the spot and found a man lying in a pool of blood. The two men who were hitting him were shouting that they would kill him,\" the FIR states.The constable also recorded that the assailants fled in their red car as soon as policemen tried to overpower them. The cops brought Singh to hospital in an auto-rickshaw and reported the attack to the police control room.Singh, who was kicked and boxed on the face, was admitted to the hospital's intensive care unit. His daughter told TOI: \"My father was returning to Noida when the incident took place. The men pulled him out of his Sumo Victa and hit him although he offered to pay for the damage. I received a call late at night from the hospital and rushed here. My father still can't eat or speak. I want the culprits, whoever they are, to be brought to book.\"She also spoke about the visitor who tried to intimidate her. \"A man came to the ward today and warned that if we wanted to live peacefully we should withdraw our complaint. I told him that he had no business to tell us our interest, and called the police. He left after that.\"Singh's statement could not be recorded but a case under Sections 308 (attempt to commit culpable homicide), 506 (criminal intimidation) and 34 (common intention) of IPC has been registered on the basis of the constable's statement.Devesh Chandra Srivastava, additional commissioner of police, Central district, said, \"We are making all efforts to nab the accused and they will be arrested soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13463038", "title": "Students flock Dakshina Kannada for better education", "text": "MANGALORE: Colleges in Dakshina Kannada district have produced many toppers in the PU results. However, most of them are not Mangaloreans. They had come to the coastal city in pursuit of quality education. Vivek Hegde, a student of Alva's PU College Moodbidri, who secured 590 out of 600 in the science stream is a native of Umblekoppa village in Uttar Kannada district. He completed his class X in Hosanagar. Even though Vivek passed SSLC with 97% from the Government Junior College high school, Shiralkoppa, he preferred Alva's College in the district considering the quality of education. \"My teachers and my brother suggested me to join Alva's college,\" he said. HA Chidananda, who secured 589 marks in the science stream, is a student of Sri Satya Sai Loka Seva PU College, Alike in the district. However, he hails from Gouribidanur in Chikballapur district. It was his teachers in the Muddenahalli school who suggested him to join the college in Alike after he passed SSLC with 98.2%. N Sumanth of Expert PU College in the city, who scored 589 in science, hails from Hassan. After securing 98.88 % in SSLC from the Vijay English School in Hassan, Sumanth was sent to study at Expert PU College here. \"My parents knew about the college and also about expert faculty here. Hence, they made me to join Expert PU College,\" he added.Nikhil Mouli, another student of Expert PU College who bagged 579 in science, too is a native of Hassan. In fact, Nikhil's father HP Chandra Mouleeshwara, who is a farmer, wanted his son to be an engineer.Girls rule the roost Girls in Dakshina Kannada district outdid their counterparts in the PU results. While 81.74 per cent of boys passed the examination, the pass percentage of girls is 89.43. Out of the 14,424 boys, who appeared for the examination, 11,790 cleared it and of the 15,304 girls, who wrote the examination, 13,686 passed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13464444", "title": "Who's afraid of granting easy access to scribes?", "text": "If you ever sit in a newspaper office and eavesdrop on a reporter's conversation, you might hear a negotiation to avoid a meeting.'Perhaps you and I can discuss it over the phone.' If the good soul on the other side of the line is desperate enough, he'll offer high-res photographs to complement the story as well. Naturally, this laziness 'rule' doesn't apply to all.Oddly enough the blanket exception might be Indian and Pakistani journalists ever eager to explore each other's spaces.Yet, as our evolved political systems would have it, this isn't actually possible. The retardation is part of a quid-pro-quo gentlemanly agreement between India and Pakistan. Two, at best three, Indians can be in Pakistan at one time. And vice versa.They can reside in one city and travel to two others. They need police permissions to leave city limits - a tough way, you'll agree, for anyone to 'freely' cover a country. You know that 'light bulb' question? Let's try this in the Indo-Pak context: how many agreements does it take to open up trade and travel between India and Pakistan? Let's take a page out of the Shimla Accord of 1972 signed 40 years ago. Point 3 lists a number of path-breaking steps towards peace.The two will resume communications, including air links, 'appropriate steps' to promote travel, trade and economic cooperation and this special one: 'exchange in the fields of science and culture.'To put this into perspective, this is the situation today: There is one flight between New Delhi and Karachi. The journey takes 1.5 hours and the cost of the ticket is just under Rs 25,000. To Lahore - just 40 minutes away - the same airline flies twice a week. Unless you're on board the PM's plane there isn't any direct route between Islamabad and New Delhi.Now, I know some of you are thinking, so what? But even the hawks should come onboard the relationship train because security issues aren't just going on a holiday anytime soon.Engagement is the only option for a secure and peaceful region. And this brings me back to importance of hearing out the petition put forward by the Mumbai and Karachi press clubs, to allow for greater access and passage in each other's countries.They are pressing for one-year multiple entry visas, a demand expressed in a seminar titled, 'The role of media in promoting peace in the %sub-continent'.Now is a time to make quid pro quo a useful thing. The only message one gets from blocking each others scribes is a) the nation's ruling classes have something to hide; b) they're childish and regressive; or c) they believe information and access to it is not a public right.In our case it's likely a combination of the three, a heady, tasteless cocktail for public consumption.My good friend and fellow mistake-maker, Bani Abidi (having married the enemy and advanced regional cooperation) is a visual artist whose commentary piece is an exercise in black humour. Two television sets sit side by side. The lovely Bani transforms seamlessly.She is a bindi-adorning Doordarshan newscaster in one screen, and a dupatta-wearing PTV newscaster in the other. The two Banis discuss the same poisonous yet differently skewed issue for their separate audiences.But really if you want to know more about Pakistan doesn't it make sense to be able to hear more about its undercurrents live from ground zero? And just to be straight: we are not talking about visa liberalization. We are talking about visa normalization. Most of the public I know in India is convinced this is a sarkari, not a public problem. And to urge the sarkari log along their current mission, I'll invoke FDR: \"You have nothing to fear but fear itself.\"The author is a Delhi-based Pakistani journalist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13460635", "title": "Moratorium on rented bikes?", "text": "PANAJI: The government is examining whether they can have a moratorium on the number of vehicles registered under rent-a-bike scheme amidst rising number of bikes being given on rent to tourists in the state.State transport director Arun Desai said that the state transport authority (STA) meeting, which is scheduled in the near future, would take a view on whether to restrict the number of bikes given under the scheme.Considering the demand from visitors, the Goa government had allowed bikes on rent for them. Following this, several people purchased bikes which are given on hire for a cost of 250- 1,500 depending on the tourist season. Desai said that there are around 14,000-odd bikes under the scheme. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13467633", "title": "Jharkhand Bachao Andolan seeks governor\u2019s help to resist land acquisition", "text": "RANCHI: Members of Jharkhand Bachao Andolan (JBA) under leadership of former MP Salkhan Murmu met governor Syed Ahmed at Rajbhawan on Thursday and sought his intervention in the issue of Nagri land acquisition for setting up central educational institutes. The 15-member delegation comprising former MP Suraj Mandal, director of Xavier's institute of social service (XISS) Father Alex Ekka, social activist Father Stan Swami and representatives of Left parties handed over a memorandum and asked governor to exercise special powers guaranteed to him by the Constitution in the scheduled area.\"Governor is all powerful in the tribal-dominated scheduled areas and under article 244 (1) B (iv) and (v) he is empowered to set aside government's decision to acquire land in Nagri mauja for setting up of educational institutes,\" Murmu said, who requested the governor to convene a meeting of the tribal advisory council (TAC), in this regard.The delegation also urged governor to ensure implementation of Chotanagpur Tenancy (CNT) Act. Murmu said, according to a notification, issued by state government on March 31, 2010, a list consisting 159 castes was notified as backward. \"However, the same government announced CNT protection for 51 castes as was informed by erstwhile Bihar government through a fresh notification issued on March 1, 2012,\" he pointed.The governor is learnt to have asked the delegation to handover relevant papers and court's order in this regard and assured to take action accordingly. Murmu said that they were also asked to give an alternative site for the central educational institutes.Former MP Suraj Mandal said that the purpose behind making Jharkhand a separate state remains unresolved if tribal people are evicted from their land. \"There are protection rights for us but when it comes to acquiring land for corporate houses, the government has often ignored people's interest,\" he said. Mandal has also raised the issue of government's apathy towards having a definitive policy for appointment of local and tribal people in grade-III and grade-IV government jobs.Jharkhand Bachao Andolan has called for a state wide general strike on June 16 to raise the issue of displacement and rehabilitation of those evicted for different government and private projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "13463416", "title": "Jewellers' meet in Belgaum today", "text": "BELGAUM: The Shroff's Association Shahapur (SAS) will organize 'Suvarnadisha', the first North-Karnataka conference of jewellers, goldsmiths and silversmiths at Ramnath Mangal Karyalaya at Tilakwadi in Belgaum on Friday.Fatehchand Ranka, president of the Maharashtra Rajya Saraf Mahamandal will inaugurate the programme in the presence of Prithvilal Kothari, president of the Mumbai Bullion Association.Subjects like jewellery block policy, benefits of registration under VAT, income tax and audit, benefits of security system, importance of the association, business competition and its negative and positive aspects, and bullion and retail business will be discussed in the conference.Association president Dilip Jilve will preside over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13460627", "title": "Cop\u2019s death in Meerut: 3 held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nine days after head constable Sanjeev Mallik was shot twice in an apparent case of road rage in Meerut, a joint team of the Meerut and Delhi police has claimed they have cracked the case with the arrest of two and another surrendering later.According to Vivek Gogia, joint CP, south-western range, the accused have been identified as Abhishek Kumar alias Baboo and Arun alias Sumit, both residents of Kharoli village in Meerut. The third accused was has been identified Shakeel.\"Only the fourth accused Zakir is absconding. All the accused have more than 10 heinous cases registered against them,\" said Gogia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13458509", "title": "Kerala to reveal Haj policy stance on July 23", "text": "KOCHI: The state government will reveal its stance regarding the new Haj policy before the Supreme Court on July 23, additional advocate general K A Jaleel submitted to the Kerala high court on Thursday.The additional AG's submission before Justice T R Ramachandran Nair was during the hearing on a petition by a woman applicant challenging a guideline for Haj pilgrimage as anti-woman. Before submitting the affidavit to the apex court, the government would convene a meeting of all stakeholders, the additional AG said.The meeting is in the wake of the apex court's order to phase out Haj subsidy as well as the state government's demand for enhancing the Haj seat quota allocated by the central government. While a total of 8,107 people applied for Haj from Kerala this year, total quota available was only 6,487.In her petition, Shameena Rasheed from Thodupuzha has alleged that a guideline for Haj pilgrimage, which stipulates that male member accompanying women shouldn't have performed Haj before, is causing gender-based discrimination and that she is denied opportunity for the pilgrimage based on that policy.On Wednesday, her counsel P K Ibrahim had alleged in court the guideline that is causing gender-based discrimination was framed by Kerala State Haj Committee, and not the Central Haj Committee as submitted by the state government to the court earlier. State government had submitted that it had no role in deciding the said guideline and that all the policy decisions regarding Haj pilgrimage are taken by the Central Hajj Committee.Kerala State Hajj Committee had in fact informed the Central Hajj Committee in writing that the policy stipulating that male family member accompanying women for hajj shouldn't have undertaken hajj before should be relaxed, the State government had submitted.Shameena stated in her petition that she is being denied opportunity despite applying for three years continuously as her husband, the only male family member available to accompany her, performed hajj in 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13467075", "title": "Engineering student killed as friend at wheel dozes off", "text": "BANGALORE: A Chennai-based 18-year-old mechanical engineering student and three pedestrians were killed in four accidents since Wednesday.The Chennai student, SK Vignesh , was killed after the car he was travelling in hit a tree near the military campus in Madiwala on Thursday, 6.30pm. Vignesh's classmates B Vignesh and M Arul, who were also in the car, sustained injuries. Avinash, who was driving , escaped with minor injuries, Madiwala traffic police said. Probe revealed that Avinash dozed off and lost control over the car.In the second accident, a 28-year-old security supervisor was killed after an unidentified vehicle knocked him down near Sai Garments on Hosur Road on Wednesday night. The deceased is Linga Poojari, a resident of Naganathapura . A 53-year-old flower vendor died when a speeding autorickshaw rammed her near Domlur inner ring road bridge late on Wednesday night.A Bhadravati-based businessman succumbed to injuries when a lorry ran over him in front of a marriage hall in Banashankari II Stage on Wednesday afternoon. The deceased, Ravi Kumar, was crossing the road to enter the marriage hall. The lorry driver has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13464961", "title": "Jail for Osama doctor sparks fresh US-Pak row", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A Pakistani tribal court's decision to convict a doctor accused of helping CIA hunt down al-Qaida chief Osama bin Laden has added fresh strains to the country's already deeply troubled ties with the US.Pakistan on Thursday defended the ruling in the face of amidst mounting US criticism to treason charges slapped against the doctor, Shakeel Afridi.The US said there was no basis for the verdict and it would raise the issue with the leadership in Islamabad. \"We continue to see no basis for (Shakeel) Afridi to be held,\" state department spokesperson Victoria Nuland said. While the US said tracking down the world's most wanted man was a shared goal of both governments, Pakistan insisted Washington should respect the court's decision. \"We need to respect each other's legal process. Afridi's case was decided in accordance with Pakistani law,\" said Moazzam Ali Khan, foreign office spokesman.The conviction is seen as a result of souring US-Pak ties with both sides struggling to resolve a deadlock over resumption of Nato supply lines into Afghanistan.Afridi was arrested three weeks after a US navy Seal team killed bin Laden at his hideout in Abbottabad, 30 miles from Islamabad. A judicial commission set up to investigate the American raid had recommended Afridi be tried for treason. On Wednesday , he was sentenced to 33 years in prison.But two top American senators asked the Pakistani authorities to pardon and release Afridi immediately.\"It is shocking and outrageous .... At a time when the US and Pakistan need more than ever to work constructively together, Afridi's continuing imprisonment and treatment as a criminal will only do further harm to US-Pakistani relations, including diminishing Congress's willingness to provide financial assistance to Pakistan,\" senators John McCain and Carl Levin said in a joint statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "13459919", "title": "Akola standing panel to have only 15 members", "text": "AKOLA: The strength of Congress-led Maha Aghadi in the standing committee of Akola Municipal Corporation (AMC) has been reduced from eight to seven as per a recent high court order. This was confirmed during the special general body meeting at AMC on Tuesday afternoon.Dhanshri Abhyankar-Deo of BRP-BMS, elected member to standing committee, has resigned from the membership as part of the reorganized political strategy in the house. Congress corporator Madan Bhargad announced this in the house and mayor Jyotsna Gawai (BRP-BMS) accepted her resignation.The standing committee comprises of 16 members but now it has 15 members and AMC has decided to work with this figure.Sanjay Badone and his wife Madhuri both independent corporators had earlier joined the BJP-led Shahar Sudhar Samiti but later joined Congress-led Maha Aghadi. However, this move was challenged by opposition leader Harish Alimchandani of the BJP and the matter reached the high court bench at Nagpur.The high court directed the Congress-led Maha Aghadi to reduce the number of members in standing committee of AMC by one member, and therefore AMC now has seven members of Congress-led Maha Aghadi.A matter relating to this is also pending before the commissioner Amravati. The chairman of standing committee is yet to be elected, and the NCP is believed to have been offered this post, sources said. The offer has been given by BJP-led Shahar Sudhar Samiti, it t is learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13463934", "title": "2 held for kidnapping boy", "text": "LUDHIANA: Dr Surinder Sharma, a Gandhi Nagar resident and Karan Arora, a Field Ganj resident, were arrested for kidnapping Gandhi Nagar resident and hosiery trader Palwinder Sharma's nine-year-old son and demanding ransom, from Ladowal, on Thursday.Additional deputy commissioner of police Manjeet Singh Dhesi said the accused, posing as terrorists of Lashkar-e-Taiba , demanded $300,000 from the hosiery trader. They kidnapped complainant Palwinder's son Josan Sharma, 9, on April 21 at 7.30pm when he was playing in front of his house and injected sedatives to him. But, when they could not control the child, they dropped him the same night near Greenland School, Jalandhar Bypass. They threatened Palwinder to kidnap his son again and kill him if he doesn't pay the huge ransom.Palwinder did not inform the police initially, but when the accused started calling him daily from different fake numbers, claiming they had been calling from Jammu and Kashmir, he apprised the police of his situation.Police then laid a trap to nab the accused. Palwinder told Surinder and his aid he wouldn't be able to pay them the huge ransom and bargained down to Rs 10 lakh and some gold. The accused called Palwinder at Ladowal Road on May 24 to collect the ransom and landed in police's trap.The ADCP said Surinder was aware of Palwinder's assets and wanted money as he had been struggling under debt after failing with his business. He was medical practitioner earlier, said Dhesi, adding, ''They were also aware of the fact that Palwinder has trade links in J &amp; K, so they posed as LeT terrorists.'' A case has been registered against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13477553", "title": "I've requested Mrinal Sen to direct again: Prosenjit", "text": "Prosenjit Chatterjee has one compelling desire. And that is to ensure that veteran director Mrinal Sen goes back behind the camera again. It's been 10 years since Sen last directed a film starring Nandita Das in the lead.Says Prosenjit , \"Recently, when I met him, I again requested him to direct a film. I have assured him that the whole of Tollywood will be around to support him in any which way that he needs. He has just turned 90 but his jest for life is addictive.\"What's even more encouraging for Prosenjit is the appreciation he gets from the master director. \"Every time I meet him, he says he has loved my work in \" Moner Manush \". That's such a boost to my confidence,\" the star signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13461054", "title": "Protests galore against petrol price hike", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after the petrol price was hiked, people all across the state came out on the streets to vent their anger in the form of protests and road blockages on Thursday. In Jaipur, the office-bearers of Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM), blocked the roads at Ajmeri Gate for more than hour. At Badi and Choti Chaupar, the workers and the traders burnt effigies of Prime Minister, Manmonhan Singh and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi. Rallies were organized in other parts of the city by different groups in which people from all walks of life participated.\"This hike is anti-people and our demand is its immediate rollback. Today we stopped the traffic and held state-wide protests. If the government fails to take action on it then we will intensify our agitation,\" said Lakshmikant Bharadwaj, state secretary of BJYM after the demonstration at Ajmeri Gate. BJP workers also held a rally where a car was pulled by four donkeys .In Mansarovar area, the youth organized a bicycle rally form SFS to Thadi Market. Around 150 people from the area gathered and pledged to commute on bicycles till the government retracted its decision. \"We are mulling to go on a hunger strike in order to build pressure on Central and state governments. People will get relief if the state lowers VAT on petrol,\" said Jitesh Kumar of Mansarovar Yuva Manch.Unlike Wednesday, the petrol pumps wore a deserted look on Thursday. \"Hardly any customers are coming today. I guess everyone filled their tanks before the increase,\" said Mahaveer Saini, an employee at a petrol pump in Civil Lines.Expecting protests, the police had made arrangements and deployed extra personnel.Though the police had diverted the traffic to avoid jams in the area, commuters still were stuck for almost two hours.Kalicharan Saraf, a senior BJP leader and MLA from Malviya Nagar, led the rally. Reacting on the hike, Saraf said, \"This move will hurt the middle-class the most as they commute through petrol-driven vehicles. People are already reeling under inflation and now they have to face this, too.\" He also urged the gathering to raise voice against oppressive policies of the Central government.Similar protests were held in Bikaner, Jaisalmer, Alwar, Bharatpur and Jodhpur districts as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13477000", "title": "Vivek Oberoi sat on the theatre steps to watch Company", "text": "My first film, Company, was my first hit. I was lucky in that. I remember I was shooting for Saathiya near the Gaiety Galaxy theatre in Bandra. It was a chasing scene with Rani Mukerji, my co-star.It was also the day my first film had released. Like every newcomer, I was nervous. I was anxious about the audience's reaction. In the evening when the shows in the theatre got over, people gathered around the sets. A few of them recognised me and started calling me Chandu, my character's name in Company. Suddenly, hundreds of people flocked around me. The crowd went out of control and we had to wrap up the shoot of Saathiya. The unit members had to call the ecurity to get me out of that area. It was a completely new experience for me. My friend and director Shaad Ali (Saathiya) hugged me tight and said, \" Tu toh star ho gaya bhai. \" I will always remember that very moment. The following Sunday, I visited a single screen theatre in South Mumbai. I sat in the last row to check out people's reaction. I had planned to meet the audience during the intermission. However, once the film started, people started swarming in and some people asked me to vacate the seat. I did not have a ticket and the show was houseful. It was a rather novel experience for me. I had to watch my own debut film sitting on the stairs. Later, when people recognised me, they started asking me for autographs. When I left the theatre, for the first time I realised that I, like other big stars, now had fans too. The crowd went berserk and the glass panels of the theatre were broken by enthusiastic fans. Following this incident, I visited many cities across India for post promotions of Company. I saw people going mad watching me. More so at the interval when my character says, \" Tu aur teri company, khallas .\" I can never forget that. Nothing can perhaps match the feeling of one's first hit. It's like your first love - unforgettable. The film, Company changed a lot of things for me. As a struggler, I used to visit filmmakers and production houses with my portfolio. I wanted to create an identity on my own. I never used to tell people that I was Suresh Oberoi's son. I used to wait outside several offices. Some people said I did not look like a conventional hero. Some even told me that I shouldn't pursue acting. They told me I should try my luck in the camera department or anything else behind the camera. And then, all of a sudden, after Company , these very people started approaching me with film offers. The tables had turned - now they waited to meet me. When my mentor Ramuji ( Ram Gopal Varma ) cast me in Company, my well wishers advised me not to start off my acting career with a rough role and that too opposite an established star like Ajay Devgn. Everybody said that the first film should be a love story. But after Company released, perceptions changed drastically. That year I was nominated for an award in the Best Supporting Actor category. Amitji ( Amitabh Bachchan ) and Sanjay Dutt were also nominated in the same category. I did not expect to win it. I couldn't believe my ears when the announcement actually happened. I had won the award. I did not even have a speech ready. - As told to Amrapali Sharma", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13483889", "title": "Matthew McConaughey set to play JFK", "text": "Matthew McConaughey has been cast to play President John F. Kennedy in 'The Butler', the film's director has revealed.According to the Screen Daily, the movie that is set to begin shooting this summer, is based on the life of Eugene Allen, a longtime White House employee whose role is played by Forest Whitaker .The character of first lady Jacqueline Kennedy will be played by the actress Minka Kelly .The rest of the movie cast is said to include Jane Fonds nas first lady Nancy Reagen, John Cusack as President Richard Nixon , Alan Rickman as President Ronald Reagan and Oprah Winfrey as Allen's wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13479958", "title": "Mona Wasu to be replaced in 'Parichay'?", "text": "'Parichay' on Colors has been through some very dynamic changes with interesting twists and turns in recent episodes in almost every characters life.The makers of the show now aim to lift the drama a notch higher by bringing the Thakrals back on the show who will be hell-bent on making Kunal's life miserable. But here's the buzz, Mona Wasu who played the role of Richa Thakral will not be doing the show henceforth and the hunt for her replacement is on.Balaji Telefilms , the producer of the show have begun auditioning and actors like Sonia Singh and Priyanka Bassi are strong contenders for the role.When contacted, Mona said, \"I just had one meeting with the production house and at that time they wanted to start the track immediately but I will be busy in June. So I can't comment as I really have no idea on this. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13462485", "title": "Piracy racket kingpin, son land in net, major breakthrough for anti-piracy cell", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a major breakthrough in their fight against Malayalam movie piracy, the anti-piracy cell (APC) officials on Thursday recorded the arrest of two people. The arrested have been identified as Sudhakar (50) and his son Ashok (27), natives of Bangalore.The APC officials identified them as the source of all piracy activities which have been bothering the film industries down south, especially the Malayalam film industry, for long. The father-son duo produced pirated copies of latest movies running in theatres in collusion with the theatre staff. They chose movie theatres in Bangalore for their unlawful activities.\"It has to be noted that ever since the APC registered a case against them three months ago, no pirated movies were released in the market. They have been evading arrest by hiding in different places like Thirupathi, Dharmasthala, Mysore and Chennai. They surrendered before a magistrate court in Chennai after the APC closed all possible ways for them to escape,\" said APC DySP Rafeek.Ashok was the main player. He used a digital camera to record the movies played on big screen. The sound track of the movie was recorded directly from the projector room with the help of the projector operators whom they had made their accomplices by offering money. The duo was wanted by the APC officials ever since the arrest of five members of an inter-state piracy racket three months ago.The APC zeroed in on the gang after they identified a theatre in Bangalore, from where a pirated copy of a Malayalam movie, Swapnasanchari, was produced. The theatre was identified by the forensic science laboratory authorities who examined the copies and traced the digital signature inscribed on the copy.It was the theatre manager, who landed in the custody of the APC along with the gang, who had tipped them off about the father-son duo.APC sub-inspector Anoop, said that it was Sudhakar who guided his son Ashok too to the wrong path. Sudhakar has been active in the field for the past 30 years. He started off making pirated copies of movies from film reels. His profession as a carrier of film reels from theatre to theatre, helped him operate without being suspected. With the advent of digital cinema, he brought in his son, who was more acquainted with modern technology.The duo was produced before the court on Thursday. The APC immediately took them into custody from judicial remand for further investigation. They will be taken to Bangalore for collecting evidence on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13480449", "title": "Raj Zutshi enters soapy world!", "text": "Raj Zutshi needs no introduction for his 20 years' contribution to cinema. As Aamir Khan's friend in Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak, followed by almost 90 films in his kitty, this theatre actor has so much to offer.His profile includes myriad of roles reigning from comedy to grey shades to supporting acts and what not. This actor never entered daily soaps but now, he is part of upcoming soap Madhubala - Ek Ishq Ek Junoon on Colors produced by Saurabh Tewari and Abhinav Shukla. We ask him how did he agree to take this up?He shares, \"This soap is a tribute to 100 years of Indian cinema and my character is too dramatic, I may say a filmy one as well. I play a rich zamindar who is a selfish person. My character wants to kill his daughters as he wants a boy. I am on the spree to kill my wife and daughter Madhubala .\"So what makes this role special for Raj? \"It has a mix feel as it is a filmy character as well as has a drama to it. My character is loud enough and that gives me an immense feel of theatre works, which are close to my heart and that's why I couldn't say a no to this one\" says this seasoned actor. And on parting note we ask him which is the film close to his heart? Raj shares with a smile, \"I enjoyed doing Maachis a lot. With a veteran B-Town director and lyricist like Gulzar saab's , it was a film that was blended to perfection with good actors and intense seriousness to the subject. I couldn't ask for more.\"No wonder this seasoned actor has some great passion for acting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13465240", "title": "District magistrates told to verify MNREGA, Indira Awas Yojana schemes", "text": "PATNA: With chief minister Nitish Kumar receiving a number of complaints during his 'seva yatra' about alleged irregularities in the implementation of MNREGA and Indira Awas Yojana (IAY) schemes in blocks and panchayats, the rural development department has swung into action and directed the DMs to devote every Wednesday on physical verification of the two schemes.\"The implementation of this directive will lead to transparency which, in turn, will improve the implementation of the two major rural schemes,\" rural development minister Nitish Mishra said on Thursday. He said the officials would visit panchayats and verify if the IAY beneficiaries were actually constructing homes with the funds sanctioned to them under the scheme.Rural development principal secretary A Santosh Mathew, in a letter to the DMs, said Wednesday is observed as MNREGA Day. On this day, a team of officials led by a senior deputy collector will visit one block for verification of the work done in 2010-11 and 2011-12. The team will submit its report the same day. All the blocks will be covered one by one.The decision to identify the block for the verification will be made only a day earlier the team members selected the same day. The team will consist of panchayat rozgar sevak, technical assistant, junior engineer and two BDOs. They will belong to the nearest block and not to the block where the schemes have to be verified.The BDOs will be required to physically verify the construction of housing units under the IAY. The beneficiaries, who have been sanctioned funds but have not constructed houses, will be issued a notice on the spot. If there is any irregularity in allotment, the officials will seek details and report to the DM.The team will call a public meeting and tell people about the verification and also seek their suggestions, petitions and complaints. The entire proceeding will be video recorded. The problems of women workers should be heard on a priority basis.The DMs have been asked to upload the findings of the survey teams and action taken report to a government website for which the DMs have been provided login ids and passwords.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13460574", "title": "Two arrested in Calangute drug raids", "text": "PANAJI: Two persons were arrested in two separate narcotic drugs raids by the Calangute police in the wee hours of on Thursday.In the first raid conducted at Khobrawaddo, a police team arrested accused Dilip Simepuruskar.Simepuruskar, 52, a resident of Khobrawaddo, was found in illegal possession of heroin weighing 2 grams worth 12,000 and cocaine weighing 1 gram worth 7,000. Besides the narcotic drugs, a small electronic weighing machine and cash of 29,000 was also seized from him. An offence under the NDPS Act, 2005, has been registered at the Calangute police station. Simepurushkar has been involved in two previous cases.In another raid, a police team arrested Eugena Shirodkar, 48, for illegal possession of heroin weighing 4 grams worth 24,000. Besides the narcotic drugs, total cash of 3,500 was also seized from her. An offence under the NDPS Act, 2005 was registered at the Calangute police station. Police said that the lady's brother Tyronne Nazareth has been involved in drugs cases in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13460848", "title": "Delhi University to start sale of Common Aptitude Test for English forms from today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University is starting the sale of application forms for Common Aptitude Test for English (CATE) from Friday.Candidates aspiring to pursue BA (honours) English will have to clear CATE for admission to any of the 21 participating colleges in DU. The form will be available till June 4 at these colleges which include Bharati, DCAC, Hindu, IP, Janaki Dev, Kamala Nehru, Kirori Mal, Lady Shri Ram, Miranda House, Maharaja Agrasen Rajdhani, Shivaji, , Satyawati (morning), Satyawati (evening), Shyam Lal, Swami Shraddhanand, SPM, Shaheed Bhagat Singh, Zakir Husain (morning) and Zakir Husain (evening).Aspirants will be required to make a demand draft of Rs 350 in favour of The Registrar, University of Delhi, drawn on any of the four banks specified by the university.CATE is scheduled to be held on June 9. The department of English, which is conducting the exam, has tried to make it more inclusive by lowering the eligibility criterion.Instead of 60%, candidates in the general category require at least 45% in aggregate of English and three academic subjects. The minimum aggregate required for OBC candidates is 40.5%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13459729", "title": "SSC results: Andhra Pradesh witnessed a 4.74% rise in pass percentage this year", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state witnessed a 4.74% rise in pass percentage in this year's SSC exams. Of the 12.74 lakh students who took the exam, 87.84% passed as against 83.10% last year. However, the downside of the state's brilliant performance is the city's poor show for the fifth year in a row. It stood at the bottom of 23 districts with a 76.94 pass percentage.Karimnagar district took the honours with 93.38 pass percentage followed by Kadapa (93.10%) and Nalgonda district (92.99%). The government schools also performed better than the previous year with 78.11% students clearing the test as against last year's 75.5 %. AP Social Welfare Residential Educational Society schools secured a pass percentage of 95.63. The pass percentage of private schools stood at 92.13 this year. Fifteen schools in the state (of which 12 are private schools) recorded zero pass percentage as against 10 last year. As many as 3,588 schools recorded 100% success.Girls and boys secured almost the same pass percentages. While 88.76% girl students passed the exam, boys slightly trailed with 86.97%.With the state government doing away with the marks system completely, students were found to be more relaxed on the day of results. Several students from the city secured the top score of 10 grade point average (this would mean that their pass percentages would be anywhere between 92 and 100). Some of the schools which had the highest GPAs include Bhashyam School, Hyderabad, where 49 students secured GPA of 10, Gowtham Model School, Hyderabad, where 43 students secured 10 point GPAs, Narayana Techno School (22), Krishnaveni Techno School (35). Though, the objective of doing away with the marks system was to eliminate competition among private schools and to reduce tension among children, most schools in the city as well as those in districts defeated its very purpose and advertised their toppers. \"If the managements advertise their 10 point scorers we cannot stop them. It's a marketing strategy,\" said B Manmadha Reddy director, department of government examinations. He added that the grade point average system is adopted by several boards and institutions including CBSE, IITs and IIMs.With the introduction of grades several private schools have also come up with better results. \"Schools like St Ann's came out with flying colours with 36 of its students having scored a GPA of 10.Other schools which performed well in terms of grades include Brilliant Grammar School, Johnson Grammar School and Slate the School,\" said an official.The CBSE model grading average system which the state government adopted will undergo a few changes in the coming years, officials said. Continuous Comprehensive Assessment (CCA) which does away with the annual examination model of performance testing could be adopted from next year.\"We will soon try to make this system more student-friendly. In the CBSE model extra curricular activities and sports are given weightage in the final score. Continuous assessment of the child's performance throughout the year is a better model than the annual examination system,\" said K Parthasarathi, minister for secondary education. The supplementary examinations will be held from June 20 to July 3 from 9.30 am to 12 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13461171", "title": "BJP trashes J&K; report, Cong treads with caution", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP on Thursday rejected the proposals made by the Centre's interlocutors on J&K;, saying it would not accept any dilution of the fact that the state's accession with India was complete and total.\"The accession of J&K; with India is complete and total. The BJP today will not accept any dilution of that premise,\" party spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters on the sidelines of the party's national executive in Mumbai.He was responding to a query on suggestions by the interlocutors that a constitutional committee should review all central laws extended to the state and make permanent Article 370 of the Constitution that grants J&K; special status.The Congress did not offer any substantial reaction. The party's J&K; unit chief Saifuddin Soz , however, said, \"I hope the report will generate debate on the question of enlargement of autonomy within the Constitution of India. In this connection, they have said many things but important is the recommendation to review all central laws and articles of the Constitution extended to J&K; after 1952.\"Saying these recommendations were not new since they formed part of demands of various political outfits, Soz said dialogue was the only solution to political issues concerning Kashmir and hoped the Hurriyat Conference would now come on board and talk to Delhi.Jammu and Kashmir CPM secretary Mohammed Yusuf Tarigami said, \"Parliament was recently in session. This report should have been tabled in Parliament.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13460900", "title": "Rs 1.3K crore plans before civic panel", "text": "MUMBAI: For the first time since the civic polls, the BMC is planning to table proposals worth Rs 1,300 crore in the standing committee on Friday. The civic administration has floated 20 proposals worth Rs 1,150 crore for the solid waste management department alone.Opposition parties have already trained their guns at the civic body for the delay in tabling the proposals, crucial to the city's pre-monsoon plans. TOI has learnt that 15 proposals pertain to silt collection from the 24 wards. All the city wards have been divided into seven zones. Tenders for silt collection are for a period of two years.According to a civic official, the tenders for debris and silt collection are crucial keeping in mind the BMC's pre-monsoon plans for cleaning stormwater drains.Five proposals pertaining to garbage collection will be for a duration of five years. The BMC has formed eight groups for collecting waste from all the 24 wards, of which work, for the time being, will only be given to five groups since the rest, are involved in a legal dispute.Other proposals are related to procuring flavoured milk for BMC schools (Rs 121 crore) and providing footwear and socks to civic schoolchildren (Rs 18 crore).Leader of the opposition Dyanraj Nikam said, \"The proposals should have been tabled much earlier since they play a key role in pre-monsoon overhaul.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13462940", "title": "Commercial vehicles will join June 1 strike", "text": "MANGALORE: Commercial vehicles in Dakshina Kannada district will join the indefinite strike called by the motor vehicle unions from May 31 midnight in protest against the state government's decision to implement speed governors from June 1. The unions have also opposed the state's budgetary proposal of lifetime tax, which is almost three to five times more than what's currently levied by other states. GR Shanmugappa, president, Federation of Lorry Owners' Association, claimed speed governors are not available in the market for Euro-IV vehicles. The September 17, 2011 order of the government makes it mandatory for all commercial vehicles to install governors. Shanmugappa claimed that vehicle manufacturers don't give a warranty if speed governors were installed. Moreover, he expressed the fear that governors, which limit the speed of vehicles, may damage the engine before the warranty expires. He pointed out that the Karnataka state highway rules limits vehicle speed to 80kmph in the city and 100kmph on highways, adding that restriction of speed limit to commercial vehicles is not fair as Volvo buses often ply at more than 100kmph. He also said limiting speed of commercial vehicles to 65kmph will adversely affect their operations. Shanmugappa said as many as six states charge lifetime tax ranging from 3% to 6% on the cost of the vehicle, but Karnataka had imposed 15% on vehicles which cost more than Rs 10 lakh. \"Even if the proposal cannot be rolled back, existing vehicles need to be exempted from new LTT and LTT on new vehicles should be 5% - 6% as in other states,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13460701", "title": "Kin demands Rs 2 crore from businessman, held", "text": "MUMBAI: A 22-year-old man was arrested by the Kandivli police on Wednesday for posing as a member of an underworld gang and trying to extort money from his relative. Shailesh Gupta, the accused, told the police that he needed money to buy a house and marry his long-time girlfriend. Shailesh, a chauffeur, stays in a chawl at Khar Danda.The complainant, Rajdeep Gupta, runs a software business in Malad and stays at Mahavir Nagar in Kandivli with his family. On May 3, he received a call on his cellphone around 9pm. The caller introduced himself as Jaffarbhai from the Dawood gang. Believing it to be a prank call, Rajdeep disconnected the call. Half an hour later, he got a call from the same number again. This time, the caller warned Rajdeep against disconnecting and demanded a sum of Rs 2 crore by May 23. Later, when Rajdeep called back on the same number, it was switched off.Between May 4 and 23, the caller sent 46 text messages to Rajdeep, threatening to kill his family members. He also threatened to harm Rajdeep's nephew. Rajdeep then approached the Kandivli police and lodged an FIR. \"The caller's number was registered in the name of Mayur Chavan from Khar Danda. When we questioned him, Chavan said he had loaned his phone to his friend, Manoj Chaanda, but it was stolen eight months ago,\" a police official said.After talking to a few people to whom calls had been made, investigators finally zeroed in on Shailesh as their suspect. The stolen phone was found in his possession and he admitted to threatening Rajdeep. He does not hold any crime record. A local court has remanded Shailesh in police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13462481", "title": "Another PU student ends life in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: Manjunayaka, 18, II PU Commerce student of Pushpa PU College in Periyapatna, was found dead on the college campus on Thursday. He'd been missing after the results were announced on Wednesday. Periyapatna police suspect Manjunayaka, son of farmer Lingannanayaka, consumed poison some time in the night after coming to know he'd failed. A source said Manjunayaka had failed in Kannada, and this was his second attempt. Earlier, he had studied in a Mysore college but later joined Pushpa College in Periyapatna. In a suicide note written on the college wall, Manjunayaka apologized to his parents. On Wednesday, PU student Sithara, 17, from Gundlupet ended her life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13460136", "title": "Senior citizen murdered in Dongri", "text": "MUMBAI: A 65-year-old man was found murdered in Dongri on Wednesday night.The police said the victim, Kabarali Babai was getting his flat in Hirani building, near Baghdadi restaurant, renovated. He often spent time chatting with friends in the flat. One such person has emerged as a suspect in the case as the police believe he was with Babai on Wednesday night.Cops suspect that an altercation between Babai and this person led to the victim being stabbed 22 times on his chest. The police are still looking for the suspect, about whom little is known.The victim's body was first spotted by his son after the latter reached the flat. Babai's family members are staying in another house as their Dongri residence is being renovated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13479020", "title": "Yashpal Sharma plays item boy in 'Gangs Of Wasseypur'", "text": "Actor Yashpal Sharma, who has been part of films like Lagaan, Gangaajal and Aarakshan, will next be seen playing an item boy in Anurag Kashyap's upcoming film Gangs of Wasseypur.The 45-year-old essays the role of a singer in the movie, who thinks of himself as a Kishore Kumar but in reality is a terrible singer. And although he has a small part in the film, which recently premiered at the ongoing 65th Cannes International Film Festival, Yashpal said that he is happy to be associated with the movie.\"It's like a guest appearance, I am doing three songs... So it's more of an item boy role. I am not through out in the film but I am in bits and parts,\" Yashpal told PTI.Recalling how he got the role in Gangs Of Wasseypur, Yashpal said he asked Anurag to give him any role in the film because he wanted to do good work.\"It's not because of the script I said yes to the film but for Anurag. I trust him blindly and he is a fabulous director. Whatever work he does, he believes in it and does justice to it. We met on a flight when Anurag told me that he was making a film called Wasseypur. He showed me the script and songs. I asked him 'Is there any role which I can play?' He then offered me this role,\" said Yashpal.A NSD (National School Of Drama) pass out, Yashpal has been in the industry for over a decade and has been part of many hits.Yashpal also said he doesn't think just because the movie has gone to Cannes, he will start getting good work. \"I don't think that if my film is going to Cannes then I will get better work... I used to think like this when I was new to the industry. When Lagaan released I had thought now I would get good opportunities but it doesn't happen like this,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13460688", "title": "Defence Colony body identified", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police have identified the body found without its head and torso in a bag in Defence Colony on May 18. The man has been identified as Prakash, a security guard at a bank in BK Dutt colony near Karbala. However, police neither have any clue about the killer nor the rest of the body.Prakash lived with his wife and two daughters in Sarojini Nagar.Sources said Prakash, whose shift was till 8pm and who was spotted in the CCTV footage till 6.30pm on May 17, was probably abducted around that time by someone known to him. An analysis of his call records shows a place near the bank as his phone's last location. \"This means that his phone was switched off just after he was abducted and he was murdered the same night,\" said the source.The man was identified by his belt which carried the hologram of his company CSS (Clear Security Services), said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13465048", "title": "Citizens driven to public transport, CNG-run vehicles", "text": "MUMBAI: The record rise in petrol prices has proven to be the last straw for many inflation-besieged Mumbaikars. The increase of Rs 7.54 per litre has prompted citizens to explore various alternatives for everyday commute, including a switch to public transport or CNG-run cars.On Thursday, auto companies Maruti, Tata and Hyundai announced discounts of up to Rs 50,000 on certain petrol models, fearing the latest hike may put a dampener on business in this segment. The fear may not be entirely misplaced. Sunil Maheshwari, a businessman who travels daily from the eastern suburbs to Navi Mumbai by car, said, \"Driving a car to workplace has become a huge expense. I have decided not to take the car when I travel to clients' offices. I will only drive to my office in Navi Mumbai, park it there for the entire day and then switch over to autos to travel to meet clients.\"Like Maheshwari, several car owners have decided to switch to train, bus, taxi or autos for everyday commute. \"I will join my friends in the first class compartment of suburban train from June 1 as we have decided not to go to our south Mumbai offices by car anymore ,\" said Jainam Shah, a businessman from Mulund. \"There are invariably traffic snarls on the eastern express highway during peak hours because of which we spend a lot on petrol.\"Ravi Shinde of the Petrol Dealers' Association said the state government should roll back sales tax and cess on petrol, which could bring down prices by at least Rs 15 to Rs 17.Many Mumbaikars demanded better public transport and introduction of more AC buses and private taxis. \"Why not introduce a full length metro rail from Churchgate and CST to the airports? This will reduce 75,000 cars on the road and save vast amounts of fuel,\" recommended Nitin Dossa, president of the Western India Automobile Association. Consumer activist Sunil Mone suggested that BEST introduce more AC buses connecting residential areas to commercial hubs and IT parks. \"There should be non-stop bus routes outside most railway stations so that office-goers can alight from trains and immediately board a bus for office,\" he said. Another consumer activist said there should be at least one lakh more autos, 50,000 taxis and 10,000 cool cabs to meet the high demand. The transport department, for its part, appealed to citizens to switch to CNG-run cars since this would save tax and fuel costs and be environment friendly. State transport commissioner V N More said, \"Our department is encouraging people to opt for battery-operated and CNGrun cars. While the motor vehicle tax on battery cars has been waived off, it has been reduced by 2% (from 7% to 5%) for CNG cars.\" Sources told TOI that car dealers are already getting inquiries from buyers on CNG conversion and on CNG variant cars. A spokesperson for Mahanagar Gas Limited said the company encourages dealers to install CNG kits in vehicles and convert existing petrol or diesel cars to \"green fuel\" . \"The mileage for petrol car is 8 to 12 km/litre on busy roads and with the air-conditioner on. In CNG, the mileage is 20 km/kg of gas. You save a lot of money and can continue travelling in your own car,\" the spokesperson added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "13459911", "title": "Retired principal falls victim to identity theft", "text": "YAVATMAL: Wadgaon Road Police on Wednesday registered a criminal offence against an unknown educational trust in Andhra Pradesh on a complaint lodged by former principal of the local Amolakchand college run by the Vidya Prasarak Mandal of Yavatmal. The charges relate to cheating, forgery and offences under the Information Technology Act.Achyut Deshpande, the former principal, has lodged a complaint, alleging that a private engineering college in Prakasam district of Andhra Pradesh has misused his bio data and portrayed him as professor of physics on its website.Deshpande had taken voluntary retirement from the post of principal of Amolakchand College in February 2011. In March 2012, he responded to an advertisement for the post of principal from ABR College of Engineering and Technology of Prakasam district of Andhra Pradesh.Deshpande emailed his bio data to the college. There was no response from the college authorities on the application.A few days ago, Deshpande was shocked to see that his bio data was posted on the college website under the staff details and faculty profile as professor of physics department of the ABR college of Engineering and technology which is affiliated to Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University in Kakinada (AP).According to Deshpande, his name, date of birth, educational qualification and e-mail address are the same but the photo pasted along with the profile is not of his. \"I tried to contact the college but there was no response from them,\" he said. This scribe has visited the web site of the college and found that there is a list of 96 faculty members and the name of Deshpande is listed at number 95. However, the AICTE mandatory information on the university website shows that there are only 24 faculty members in the college.When contacted, chairman of ABR Educational Trust A Basi Reddy said that there is no Deshpande on his staff list and added that one P Jabbar Khan is the professor of physics department. On the college website, however, Khan is listed as assistant professor in the department of information technology.Deshpande said the name of a principal of an engineering college at Dhamangaon (Railway) is also listed as a faculty member on the same college website as professor of department of electrical engineering and electronics.Deshpande was on active service till February 28, 2011 but the ABR College has shown him as professor since February 8, 2011. Deshpande has also lodged a complaint with the AICTE in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13461617", "title": "Mechanical faults in killer lift: Consumer Education and Research Society", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The death of 11-year-old Devam Vora in the freak lift accident was owing to several mechanical faults in the elevator. This was stated by a team of the Consumer Education and Research Society (CERS) which visited the fateful site recently.The forensic laboratory at Gandhinagar too has investigated the case and has already submitted their report in the accident to the Ellisbridge police station, while the chief electrical inspector (CEI) is yet to submit its report and conduct enquiries on the incident. However, police investigation in the elevator accident case at Pushpak flats in Vasna is moving at snail's pace.CERS, an NGO working for consumer rights, after its visit has prepared a detailed list of observations on the sequence of incident that led to Devam's death. CERS observed number of deficiencies in operation of the lift. \"It was shocking to know that lift license was issued only in October 2011 with lift operating with large number of deficiencies and non ISI parts,\" says chief general manager of CERS KK Bajaj.CERS report states that the outer lift door did not have toughened glass and grill of 25 x 25 mm size as per rules. Only two vertical rods were fixed with non-toughened glass. \"The door closer fitted on the outside landing door was very powerful which closed the door with impact and the boy got trapped between two doors. CERS has issued notice and has demanded copy of license from CEI and copies of FIR, CEI report and other relevant documents in order to initiate further legal action against all three parties. It is sad that after one week of accident police has not arrested anyone,\" says Bajaj.\"The car door and landing door of the elevator was enough to trap Devam. Gujarat lift and escalator rules - 2001, states that the distance between the swing door (outside) and car door (inside) shall not exceed 7.5 cm (3 inches) from the bottom of the door. Apart from this, the machine room at top had no arrangement for cranking in case the lift gets stuck in between the floors,\" claims Bajaj.Around 7 pm on May 15, Devam pressed the button of the lift and when lift reached landing place, he opened outside door, but before he could open the inside car collapsible door, the outside door closed and lift started going up. Devam was trapped between two doors and was dragged for about four feet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13459356", "title": "Chess Worlds: It's 5-5 as Gelfand holds Anand in tenth game", "text": "CHENNAI: Game 10 of the World Chess Championship fight between world champion Viswanathan Anand and challenger Boris Gelfand of Israel ended in a draw in just 25 moves in Moscow on Thursday, leaving the match tied at 5-5.This leaves the players with just two classical games now -- on Saturday and Monday -- to decide the winner with a day's rest in between each game. If the match is still tied, the rapid games will come into play.Anand was expected to test Gelfand in the 10th game with white but the champion found his opponent a tough nut to crack. The king-pawn opening was back for the second time as Anand tried to surprise Gelfand.The Rossolimo Attack, seldom played at this level, could have been the right choice for white to take his opponent out of his preparation.However, the Israeli probably expected this opening as well and he looked at Anand closely before making his move. Gelfand's home preparation for this match seemed to be quite good and by move 5, Anand started thinking, indicating he was also out of his prepared lines.The king-file became a hub of exchanges as black brought his queen in defence and Anand had to opt for trading it. Having castled long -- which is normal in this position -- black put up solid defence. Though he failed to castle, Anand tried to go after black's weaknesses but after posting his knight in the centre, there was nothing on the board for either player to continue the game.Anand kept the knight against Gelfand's bishop in a rook ending with the same number of pawns.Asked whether it's fair to decide the World Championship match in a tie-breaker, Anand retorted at the post-game press conference, \"Don't forget that there are still two more games to go!\"Moves (Game 10)Anand-Gelfand (Sicilian Rossolimo): 1. e4 c5 2. Nf3 Nc6 3. Bb5 e6 4. Bxc6 bxc6 5. b3 e5 6. Nxe5 Qe7 7. Bb2 d6 8. Nc4 d5 9. Ne3 d4 10. Nc4 Qxe4 11. Qe2 Qxe2 12. Kxe2 Be6 13. d3 Nf6 14. Nbd2 O-O-O 15. Rhe1 Be7 16. Kf1 Rhe8 17. Ba3 Nd5 18. Ne4 Nb5 19. Re2 Bxc4 20. bxc4 f5 21. Bxb4 cxb4 22. Nd2 Bd6 23. Rxe8 Rxe8 24. Nb3 c5 25. a3 0.5-0.5", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13460827", "title": "Admissions to professional, vocational courses begin", "text": "PANAJI: The admission process for students, when it comes to their choice of degree courses, means heading for the not-so-obvious as much as the obvious. Prospectuses for the regular graduate courses are flying off counters, but the professional and vocational courses have found equally enthusiastic takers.The V M Salgaocar College of Law, Miramar, accredited by the NAAC with an 'A' grade, opened for admissions for the first year of honours in law the very next day after the declaration of the Class XII results. What could be heartening news to those interested in the course is that the eligibility criteria states that a Class XII student with a minimum of 45% aggregate in any stream can join. However, students will have to clear an entrance examination to be held at 10am on June 14 that will test their aptitude for the course. Prospectus and entrance application forms are already being made available to those interested and the college has also uploaded details on its website.South Goa's Govind Ramnath Kare College of Law, on the other hand, has also made its prospectus available to students, but its admissions will commence only on June 5. The college other than its five-year integrated honours course is awaiting approval from the Goa University for the unique BCom LLB course, which is expected to be launched during the current academic year.\"Our courses offer students the essential medium of social change. Those completing a bachelor's degree from our institute have the facility to later pursue postgraduation in intellectual property law, criminal law and specializations,\" a college official said.Goa College of Home Science, Campal, also affiliated to the Goa university, could be a haven for students looking for an offbeat career path. The institute offers a three-year degree course- BSc in Home Science- in varied areas of specialization in the final year such as food, nutrition and dietetics; textile and clothing; and human development. Students who have completed Class XII will have to answer an aptitude test to be held on June 14 from 12 to 1pm at the college premises. The results of the aptitude test and the students' Class XII marks will carry 50-50 weightage in the admission process.A little less glamorous but more noble option is being provided to students by the nursing institutes in the state. The state-run Institute of Nursing Education at Bambolim has begun receiving submissions of applications to join the college and the process will end on June 4. Science students with a minimum score of 50% can apply for the course, but students will be shortlisted based on merit. Other than its regular graduate course in nursing, the institute is offering a unique option of graduating with home nursing since last year.The Vrundavan Institute of Nursing Education, Colvale, affiliated to Goa University, also offers BSc in nursing course of four years and has 50 seats on offer. Male as well as female students who have a minimum Class XII score of 45% in physics, chemistry, biology and English are eligible to apply.Another option available to science students is BSc in hotel management and catering offered by institutes like St Anthony's Academy for Food Service Management, Curtorim. The state-recognized institute offers a three-year course and criteria for joining it does not include any cut-off percentage. Similarly, the Goa College of Hospitality and Culinary Education at Vainguinim a Goa University affiliated three-year degree programme for BBA in Hospitality and Culinary Management on offer. Admissions will be based on UGAT scores. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13480383", "title": "See what\u2019s more dangerous than porn websites on Net", "text": "WASHINGTON: Pornographic websites have ceased to be the 'most dangerous' places on web for picking up viruses.The Internet Security Threat report for 2011, released by security Software Company Symantec ( SYMC ) ranks pornographic sites at 9th as the riskiest to visit.One of the most fascinating part of the report is in the review of malicious code trends, which lists the 10 most dangerous categories of Websites.These categories of sites don't reflect the total number of infected sites; rather, they represent the kind of sites that tend to be the most infected as per URL.The list of sites in order of danger is:Blogs and Web communications Hosting and personal hosted sites Business and economy Education and reference Technology Entertainment and music Automotive Health and medicine PornAccording to Symantec, 20 per cent of all blog and web communication sites are infected with malicious code, 15 per cent of hosting sites are infected, and 10 per cent of business and economy sites.Surprisingly, only 2 per cent of pornographic sites are infected.Conventional wisdom would flip that list upside-down.Symantec's list is a reminder that Macs are no longer immune to security worries.\"The first known Mac-based bot network emerged in 2009 and 2011 saw a number of new threats emerge for Mac OS X, including trojans like MacDefender, a fake anti-virus program,\" the CBS News quoted Symantec as saying.\"Mac users are exposed to sites that push trojans by means of SEO poisoning and social networking. In May 2011, Symantec found a malware kit for Mac (Weyland-Yutani BOT) -- the first of its kind to attack the Mac OS X platform.\"In addition, many attack tools have become cross-platform, exploiting Java exploits whether they are on Macs or Windows PCs,\" the company added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi/gurgaon", "code": "13460992", "title": "Competition Appellate Tribunal dismisses DLF plea on Belaire buyers' agreement", "text": "NEW DELHI/GURGAON: The Competition Appellate Tribunal (COMPAT) has refused to entertain the plea of realty firm DLF seeking a review of its order directing CCI to specify how the terms and conditions of agreement between the company and flat owners need to to be modified.On March 29, COMPAT had passed an interim sating that \"CCI pass an order under Section 27(d) specifying the extent and manner in which the terms and conditions of Apartment Buyers' Agreement needs to be modified.\"It had also asked CCI to consider the modified draft agreements submitted by DLF and flat owners before COMPAT. DLF had contended that without first adjudicating upon the correctness of the findings of the CCI, the question of modifications of the terms and conditions cannot be taken up for consideration.Passing an order on the review application, a two-member COMPAT bench said that it cannot decide on the modification of the terms and condition until the Competition Commission of India (CCI) takes a decision on that.\"We also make it clear that the question of modifying the said terms and conditions of the appellant, as urged before us by the counsel for the appellant, can arise only after a final determination on the question of the correctness of the findings of the learned CCI is made by us in this Appeal,\" said a two member COMPAT bench.While disposing of the applications to review its order, the tribunal said it may not be possible to adjudicate upon the question of correctness of the findings of the learned CCI, without hearing the entire case.DLF and flat owners have submitted their draft agreements and COMPAT had asked to CCI to look into that. COMPAT also declined to go into the plea of flat owners seeking a direction to hand over flats and appoint surveyor and other similar relief saying that it was not appropriate for them to pass orders as the hearing in the main matter was under way.On August 12 last year, CCI had imposed a penalty of Rs 630 crore on DLF after finding the realty major guilty of abuse of the dominant market position. The penalty was later stayed by COMPAT.The orders were passed following inquiries into complaints filed by the flat buyer associations' of two separate DLF projects in Gurgaon, DLF Park Palace and The Belaire, alleging delays in the project and increase in the number of floors than planned earlier, among other things.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13463008", "title": "Manipur students ban Karnataka products over Richard's murder", "text": "IMPHAL: Intensifying the agitation demanding a CBI probe into Richard Loitam's murder, six student bodies of Manipur on Wednesday announced a ban on import and usage of all products manufactured in Karnataka in the state.Leaders of the student bodies also asked counsellors of all Karnataka-based educational institutions', who are currently camping in Imphal, to leave Manipur within 24 hours counting from Thursday morning at six.The stunning development came even as Karnataka chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda assured that a fresh post mortem examination in the Richard murder case would be conducted by AIIMS, New Delhi for a second opinion. Gowda also assured to transfer the investigation of the case to the 'Corps of Detective', Karnataka.Richard, a resident of Uripok Yambem Leikai here, was found death on his hostel bed at Acharya NRV School of Architecture in Bangalore on April 18. Senior students had allegedly thrashed him badly inside the hostel complex the previous night.At a joint media conference held in Imphal on Wednesday afternoon, the student bodies also demanded that a ministerial team of Manipur be sent to Karnataka to pressurize the government there to ensure justice in the case.The student leaders, belonging to All Manipur Students' Union (Amsu), Manipuri Students' Federation (MSF), Democratic Students' Alliance of Manipur (Desam), Kangleipak Students' Association (KSA), Swak and Suk, said the ban would be lifted only when the case is handed over to the CBI.The student bodies have been launching different forms of agitation like burning of effigies of chief ministers and home ministers of Karnataka and Manipur and picketing political party offices in Imphal for the past few days.Besides Richard, they are also demanding justice in the mysterious death case of another Manipur student, Okram Laaba, in Chennai last year.A BCA student of Hindustan College of Arts and Science, Kelambakkam, Chennai, Laaba too was found dead in his hostel room on June 23 last year, his face covered in a polythene bag.Meanwhile, the regional Manipur People's Party (MPP) on Wednesday sent a memorandum to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh urging him to do the needful to institute a CBI probe into Richard's death \"to avoid more trouble\".\"We, the people of Manipur, have no faith in the Karnataka Police handling the case. The MPP wants it to be handled by an independent body like the CBI to bring justice to Richard,\" the memo signed by MPP president Nimaichand Luwang said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13468482", "title": "Train number of Mahananda Express changed", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Railways has decided to change the train number of Mahananda Express. The train runs between Alipurdwar and Delhi.The new number of the train will be 15483/15484. The train departing from Alipurdwar will have the number 15483 while the one departing from Delhi will have the number 15484. The present number of the train is 14083/14084. The change in the number will be effective from September 25.Meanwhile, the annual award ceremony of the personnel department of North Central Railway was organised on Wednesday. The ceremony was organized at the Aravalli gallery at Subedarganj headquarters. On the occasion, chief personnel officer Om Prakash gave award and meritorious certificates to 40 railway employees. The awardees included assistant personnel officer of Jhansi division Satish Kumar , 30 employees of grade III and nine employees of grade IV.Chief personnel officer Om Prakash said employees should take inspiration from the awarded employees so that they can also work effectively in future and take North Central Railway on the path of development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13468972", "title": "Kanpur continues to be \u2018powerless\u2019, Kesco helpless", "text": "KANPUR: The city is severely reeling under acute power crisis these days. Power cuts and faults in transformers take place daily. On an average, power is supplied for 18 hours a day and rostering takes place for 5 to 6 hours. Night rostering further compounds the situation.On Wednesday, the entire city was put under rostering from 12 noon to 3 pm.In the second phase, rostering was done from 10.30 pm to 12 midnight. In between these two phases, various localities remained powerless due to some reason or the other. In some areas, transformers went out of order.On Tuesday, there was no power from 12.30 pm to 3.10 pm. In the second, phase the city was plunged into darkness from 11.10 pm to 12.10 midnight. The scenario was not much different on Monday when rostering took place at 12.30 pm and power was restored at 3 pm. At night, the people remained without power for nearly one and half hours.On Thursday, there were power cuts in phases. In some areas, there was no power the morning, other localities remained powerless in the afternoon. The moment a few selected localities fed by Naubsata substation received power at around 2 pm, other localities in the same area were put under rostering.The severe power rostering has affected the daily routine of the people. The Kesco says that the rostering is done by system control situated in Lucknow and it has nothing to do with it.The demand for power has increased. With less production, Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) is unable to meet the demand. Under such a scenario, Kesco is finding itself helpless, say officials.Cities like Agra, Lucknow and Allahabad get more power than what Kanpur is getting, despite it being the highest tax payer in the state.The people have come out on roads to protest against the power cuts. In past few days, people have protested with empty water buckets, table fans, banners and posters demanding that that the city should get proper power supply. There have been incidents of ruckus at substations. In past 15 days, people have come out on roads to protest against the severe power rostering but even the agitations have failed to improve the situation.The Kesco officials pass the blame to the UPPCL for severe power rostering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13460593", "title": "Protests on streets over petrol price hike, silence in Pune Municipal Corporation on octroi waiver", "text": "PUNE: Political leaders who took to the streets on Thursday to protest against Wednesday's rise in petrol price have kept mum over any relief to citizens by reducing octroi as charged by Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC). The proposal suggesting a reduction in octroi on petrol was shelved last November when it came up for approval before the general body meeting.The standing committee in June 2011 had decided to reduce octroi on petrol and diesel by 1%. But the proposal did not get the approval from the general body. Some leaders had demanded that octroi be dropped altogether, which would have reduced petrol prices in the city by Rs 1.50 per litre.The civic body charges a 2% octroi which works out to Rs 1.50 per litre of petrol. It fetches revenue of around Rs 40 crore per annum for the civic body. Some elected members had submitted a proposal to reduce the octroi by 1%. Wednesday's hike in fuel prices will bring around Rs 2 crore more per year to the civic coffers.\"The proposal had come to us last year. We gave our opinion and the proposal was sent to the general body,\" Hemant Nikam, chief of octroi department, told TOI on Thursday.With no support forthcoming in the general body, it was sent back to the civic administration and has been pending since November. \"We will see if the proposal can be tabled in the house again. It will help reduce fuel price,\" BJP leader Ashok Yenpure said.Maharashtra Navnirman Sena leader Vasant More said his party would not insist on reduction of octroi as it will not help much. \"Even is octroi is reduced on petrol by 1%, there will be no major reduction in fuel price. So we have preferred not to demand such a reduction,\" he said. \"If we remove octroi then it will reduce petrol price by around Rs 1.50 but it will also shrink the PMC's revenue. So abolition of octroi on petrol will not be a viable option,\" he added.The MNS and BJP on Thursday had organised a rally in the city to protest against the fuel price rise announced by the union government on Wednesday. The leaders demanded that measures be taken to give relief to citizens by scaling down hike.Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation charges 2.5% octroi on petrol and diesel. About eight months ago, the civic general body had approved a resolution to waive octroi on domestic Liquified Petroleum Gas(LPG) and reduce octroi on petrol and diesel from 2.5% to 1%. The resolution has been sent to the state government for approval. Since it has not been okayed, there has been no change in the octroi rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13462315", "title": "No CBI inquiry into TP murder: Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: There is no need for a CBI inquiry into the TP Chandrasekharan murder case at this point of time, said home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan .\"The widow of TP has no complaints about the investigation. The government has full faith in the investigation team,\" Radhakrishnan said here when asked about the demand for CBI inquiry into the case on Thursday.Chief minister Oommen Chandy also expressed satisfaction on the progress of the inquiry and said his government was committed in bringing the real culprits before the law.\"For putting an end to such incidents, we need to bring all who are responsible before the law. All who want to ensure that rule of the law prevailsin the state need to cooperate with the probe,\" said the chief ministerTo a question related to the delay in arresting other culprits in the Fazal murder case, Chandy said the government only wants to book real culprits in such cases. \"We won't accept the list of culprits forwarded by parties concerned. We would rather wait to nab the real culprits. But, I can assure that those who are in no way related to the crime won't be touched upon,\" he said.Describing the murder of Muslim League worker Shukkoor in Kannur as the execution of a death sentence, Chandy said all culprits in the case have been identified.\"A few them have already been arrested. Strict action will be initiated against all who are responsible,\" he said.Search for killers extends to Kannavam forest areaCops based on information that the killer gang involved in the murder of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan conducted searches in the forest areas of Kannavam on Thursday. They raided places like Mundayad, Pathikkal, Kandivathukkal, and Narikottumala based on the orders of the special investigation team probing the murder case.The search in thickly forested area that borders Wayanad and Karnataka began early in the morning ended by 2pm, said police officials. Cops have confiscated gun powder and sulphur used to make bombs from the house of one Karyath Pradeepan, at Kottayil near Kannavam. The police also conducted searches in some of the party villages near Koothuparamba.Meanwhile, CPM district secretary P Jayarajan said that he had never had any contact with Kodi Suni or others who are alleged to have killed T P Chandrasekharan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13459393", "title": "Times Edufest 2012 to be inaugurated today", "text": "AMRAVATI: The three-day Times Edufest 2012 presented by DSRCBM will be inaugurated by N Nawin Sona, municipal commissioner of Amravati, at the art gallery at Sant Dhnyaneshwar Sanskrutik Bhavan, near Panchvati Square, Morshi Road, in the presence of Dr Mohan Khedkar, vice chancellor, Sant Gadge Baba Amravati University, at 5.30pm on Friday.The Times Edufest is bringing together institutes and organizations offering courses in business management, arts and commerce, engineering,) dental (BDS and medical ( MBBS), footwear design, IIT, computer hardware, polytechnic and other career courses.The aim of this exhibition is to help young students make up their minds and bring them in direct contact with the best education providers in the region. Several participants from Amravati, Nagpur and other places in the region are participating in the event.The education fair has given higher education institutions and professional bodies an opportunity to reach out to students and working adults seeking further education. It is a must visit for educationists, parents, and others interested in or related to the education industry.The event will be held on May 26 and 27 from 4pm to 10pm. Entry to the fair is free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13459688", "title": "Tight bandobust for Jagan\u2019s D-Day", "text": "HYDERABAD: Over 2,000 police personnel, including seven IPS officers, will keep tabs on Kadapa MP and YSR Congress president YS Jaganmohan Reddy's 7-kilometre journey from his Lotus Pond residence in Jubilee Hills to Dilkusha Guest House in Somajiguda on Friday morning to ensure no untoward incident takes place. The Kadapa MP has been summoned by the CBI to quiz him in the disproportionate assets case.After his poll campaign in Guntur district, Jagan is likely to reach his Lotus Pond residence late on Thursday night. He is likely to appear before the CBI officials at Dilkusha Guest House on Friday at 10.30 am.To monitor bandobust on the stretch from Lotus Pond to Dilkusha Guest House in Somajiguda, Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma has deployed seven IPS officers, including two joint commissioners, Kumar Viswajeet, Mahesh Bhagwat and five deputy commissioners of police (DCPs) - Stephen Ravindra, Ch Srikanth, Y Gangadhar, Akun Sabharwal and Malla Reddy. The Hyderabad Traffic police have already issued orders restricting vehicular traffic between Monappa Island in Somajiguda and VV statue from 6am on Friday and advised people to take alternative routes.\"As prohibitory orders are in place under section 144 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC), except his security personnel, no one else will be allowed to accompany the convoy,\" police sources said. \"YSR Congress activists will not be allowed to accompany Jagan and if anyone tries to violate orders they will be immediately arrested,\" a senior police officer said. In addition to the West Zone police force, 35 platoons of APSP, CAR would be deployed in Banjara Hills, Jubilee Hills and Panjagutta.Additional security would also be provided at old and new MLA quarters and courts in the city. Police have also increased security at the Chanchalguda prison and sufficient force has been put on stand-by to prevent attacks on certain media houses, TDP and Congress party offices. Both Cyberabad and Hyderabad police have put up check posts at entry/exit points in the city and started conducting vehicle checks.District superintendents of police (SPs) were asked to conduct checks on trains coming from coastal Andhra and Rayalaseema districts to the state capital on Thursday night to prevent supporters from reaching here in large numbers. The Nampally and Kacheguda police have been told to monitor passengers who arrive in the city on Friday morning on trains from destinations in Rayalaseema region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13460989", "title": "Mortgage of Film City land adds to Ghai\u2019s woes", "text": "MUMBAI: There seem to be no end to troubles surrounding filmmaker Subhash Ghai's Whistling Woods Institute (WWI). After he was asked to return the institute land and cough up Rs 79 crore in rent, Ghai has now been slapped with a legal notice by Film City for unlawfully mortgaging government land and \"causing a loss to the state exchequer''.The notice was served on Tuesday by the Maharashtra Film, Stage and Culture Development Corporation Limited for mortgaging in December 2006 part of the institute land to a nationalized bank and availing a Rs 12-cr loan. \"You have purported to mortgage a property which did not belong to you. Since you entered this transaction with full knowledge of lack of title, you have thus colluded to confer unlawful benefits to yourself and losses to the state of Maharashtra,\" the notice reads.The Film City has also alleged that the same mortgage was subsequently extended in 2010 to grant a further working capital of Rs 5 cr. The violations were brought to the notice of the institute management but it did not bother to correct the anomalies, further parting with the bank's money without obtaining valid security. \"You and your officer have thus committed the act of cheating, and can also be prosecuted for offences of criminal breach of trust,\" the notice reads. Principal secretary (cultural affairs) Anand Kulkarni declined to comment. \"You must contact me within office hours,\" he told TOI.Trouble starting brewing for the institute when the Bombay high court in February quashed the allotment of the land to the institute, a joint venture between Mukta Arts and Maharashtra Film, Stage and Culture Development Corp that had set up a state-of-the-art film institute and research centre. Ghai moved the Supreme Court against the HC order. The apex rejected his appeal and he was asked to return of the vacant land around WWI and was sent a rent demand notice of Rs 79 crore.The institute management called the latest development unfortunate since it has occurred due to a 'misunderstanding' between the bank and the institute. The WWI said it had obtained the loan for its funding needs and had made it clear to the bank that it did not have title to the land. \"Both the earlier mortgage deed and extension mortgage deed clearly stated that the mortgage extended to the building and structures and on the land only to the extent that WWI had any rights. However, in one form, an error occurred while mentioning that the mortgage was of the building and the land when it should have said building and the interest of WWI in the land as was mentioned in the mortgage documents,\" said a statement from the institute.The rectification was being sorted out with the bank but before that, the Film City delivered a notice, said the institute management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13473715", "title": "USIEF Kolkata presents special seminar for undergraduate students", "text": "KOLKATA: The United States-India Educational Foundation (USIEF) Kolkata presented a special seminar for undergraduate students, their parents and school authorities at the American Center on May 4, 2012. A special presentation on 'Undergraduate Admissions: What The University of Chicago, Brown University, Bernard College and Columbia University expect from applicants' was made by Natalia I Ostrowski, senior admissions counsellor, The University of Chicago; Panetha Theodosia Nychis Ott, associate director of admission and director of international admission, Brown University and Carolyn Middleton, director of admissions, Barnard College.The seminar began with an introductory session by Panetha, who said, \"College education is all about finding the right note.\" All three representatives spoke of the different curriculum at the institutes, the mode of teaching, the student teacher relationship, the activities and the co-curricular activities for the students on campus and also the housing system in their respective institutes.The main focus of the seminar was why students should study in US. The answer to that was excellence, global orientation, flexibility, financial depth and the choices offered. \"It is all about the journey, the experience rather than the place,\" said Carolyn.The University of Chicago aims at \"philosophy of the mind and the body,\" said Natalia. Brown University allows the students to choose their subjects of study according to their interest. Barnard College is in partnership with the Columbia University, it focuses on liberal arts and science education. Columbia University provides a wide variety of courses and focuses on intellectual diversity and the feeling of community.During the question answer round parents and students cleared their doubts. Questions related to medical schools, SAT scores, application procedures, and admission forms, criteria for selection and financial aid were asked and answered.\"I am interested in Brown University and The University of Chicago, so I wanted to know more about it,\" said Shivani Agarwal, student, Modern High School for Girls. Her friend, Aastha Tibrewala, student of Modern High School for Girls said, \"My doubts were cleared in the question answer round. It was very helpful.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13462886", "title": "Commotion over Sagayam's ouster from Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Commotion prevailed in the district collectorate on Thursday as more than 100 persons, including transgenders and differently-abled, mourned the transfer of district collector U Sagayam and urged the government to reconsider its decision.After working hours began at the collectorate, transgenders, villagers from Arittapatti in Melur taluk, differently-abled persons from the district and a couple of farmers staged a demonstration and raised slogans in front of the collectorate. Transgenders Bhavana and Oorvasi told media persons that Sagayam was a father figure to them and was the first collector to treat them with dignity. \"My own father who works in a government office threw me out when he learnt that I was a transgender, but the collector tried to give us a dignified way of life,\" Bhavana said. \"He gave us land titles and passed houses for more than 40 transgenders in the district. Besides, he sanctioned a pension amount of Rs 1,000 to 40 transgenders affected by HIV. He also took measures to establish shops for 10 of us,\" Lakshmipriya, another transgender said. \"He was perhaps the first collector who motivated us to study and urged us to take up the civil services,\" she said. \"We will go to any extent to retain him here and will not hesitate to immolate ourselves for the cause,\" they said.\"Had the collector not intervened, Arittapatti village would have vanished due to quarry mining and we strongly suspect this to be the reason behind his transfer,\" said Poosari Veerannan of Arittapatti village. The villagers have been fighting a long battle against quarry mining in their hills to protect the water sources that feed thousands of acres of agriculture downhill. \"He had issued an interim stay on quarrying and was working on a permanent stay,\" Poosari said.Differently-abled persons added that Sagayam had been a great motivating factor. \"He initiated a number of welfare measures, including a civil services training centre for us,\" S Boopathy, state vice president of Tamil Nadu Differently-Abled Association said. Consumer forums also joined the gathering later, with the office bearers insisting that Sagayam be retained at least for the next two years.\"He had initiated a lot of good measures and along with consumer forums, had raided many establishments involved in smuggling and adulteration,\" Jayabalan and Ashok Kumar from Consumer Associations Forum stated. \"Collector Sagayam should stay in Madurai for the welfare of farmers and we will plead the government to retain him,\" S Josephine, a honey bee farmer from Madurai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "13461045", "title": "Justice delayed, Punjab village sets up its own \u2018high court\u2019", "text": "BATHINDA: A Punjab village has been forced to set up its own \" high court\" to resolve disputes due to rising litigation costs and slow pace of justice. Pulha village elders claim the \"court\", comprising 35 \"jury\" members, has settled over 250 cases primarily related to land disputes piled up over last three years in as many months.\"Except murder, we try to solve all other issues,\" said Sukhjinder Singh, a village elder. Another elder and jury member Darshan Singh said villagers used to face harassment at the hands of the police and the courts \"with justice becoming the casualty\".The jury includes former army, police officers from the village besides local panchayat members, who work free of cost.The \"court\" has put in place a mechanism of \"thorough\" inquiry to ensure its \"verdicts\" are acceptable to the people.\"The verdict is delivered after seeking the consent of the parties involved,\" said another jury member.The police in the area have witnessed a steady decline in the number of villagers approaching them with complaints. \"The villagers seem satisfied with the arrangement,\" said SHO Sandeep Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13461661", "title": "27 kg of silver jewellery stolen", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Thieves decamped with silver jewellery, gift articles and silverware worth Rs 14 lakh from a jewellery shop in Chandkheda on Wednesday night. Police believe that the theft might have taken place early on Thursday morning and the gang had to flee from the spot in hurry.Chandkheda police officials said that Jaydeepsinh Odhani, a resident of Vividh Bharti Society in Vadaj, owns Shree Abhushan Jewellers on New CG Road, Chandkheda. Somebody entered his showroom between 8 pm on Wednesday and 6 am on Thursday. The thieves decamped with 27 kilograms of silverware from display and storage area.Chandkheda police inspector K P Rathod said that the thieves used heavy object like crowbar to break the shutter locks. \"We believe it to be handiwork of more than two persons from the modus operandi. Most of the goods were stolen from the display and cabinets near the entrance and the stolen goods are no more than 20 to 25 per cent of total stock in the shop. Thus, we believe that the thieves might have conducted the theft in a very short time and might have fled in hurry,\" he said.Rathod added that the store had two CCTV cameras but they were not working when the incident took place. \"The owners told us that the cameras were primarily used to keep an eye on the customers during working hours and were switched off after the day's work. If we had CCTV footage, it would have greatly helped the probe,\" he said. He added that questioning of the nearby security guards has been started to know whether the thieves used any getaway vehicle.Dahod gang involved?The police say that many a times men from Dahod and nearby areas, who come posing as labourers, are involved in such thefts. The investigators suspect involvement of similar gang in the theft.In another incident, goods worth Rs 2 lakh were stolen from a house in Chandkheda. Paljibhai Parmar, a resident of Chandrabhaga Housing in Vadaj, stated before the police that somebody entered into his son's house at Kumkum Residency in Chandkheda after breaking the lock on the rear door between Wednesday afternoon and Thursday morning. The thieves decamped with a gold necklace worth Rs 50,000, a gold bracelet worth Rs 50,000 and Rs 1 lakh cash.Police said that they could not rule out the possibility that it might be handiwork of the same gang. \"It is possible that the same group might have targeted the house and jewellery store both as modus operandi is quite similar. We have started questioning nearby residents to establish identity of the thieves,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13458530", "title": "Suicide over education loan: HC grants bail to bank official", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Thursday granted bail to the deputy manager of a private bank who was arrested following the suicide of a nursing student who was denied education loan.Jobun Feni, a deputy manager of loans section, who was booked by police as second accused was granted conditional bail by Justice N K Balakrishnan.Jobun was arrested by police on May 9 in connection with the suicide of the student, Sruthy from Kudamaloor. After being summoned to the police station for questioning, he was arrested and produced before Kottayam judicial first class magistrate court.In his bail application, the deputy manager had stated that he had no role in granting loan and his duty was only to verify the eligibility and forward the application to higher-ups.Prosecution opposed the bail plea, stating that investigation and collection of evidence was in progress. However, the court granted Jobun bail, noticing that he had been in remand since May 9.Earlier, additional director general of prosecution K I Abdul Rasheed had opposed the claim of the bank officials that they had no direct role in granting loans.The additional DGP had pointed out that the loan was passed by the bank a day after the student had attempted suicide, which means that the student was put to undue hardship even when the loan could have been granted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13479395", "title": "Amala Paul's comeback in Malayalam Film Industry", "text": "Actor Amala Paul, who has become sensational in Tamil and Telugu, is making her comeback in Malayalam with director Joshi's Run Baby Run. The film has Mohanlal playing a television cameraman and Amala is a hotshot reporter. The film, produced by Galaxy Films, has been scripted by Sachi (of the erstwhile Sachi-Sethu duo).The shooting is currently going on at Kochi. Biju Menon, Siddique, Shammi Thilakan and Ameer Niyas include the film's cast.Amala had acted in small roles in Malayalam films like 'Neelathamara' and 'Ithu Nammude Katha' before Tamil film 'Mynaa' catapulted her to greater heights. With successive hits opposite almost every hero in Tamil, Amala is one of the top heroines in south India.Source: 2dmovie.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13460500", "title": "A bus terminus merely in name", "text": "NAGPUR: Strange are the ways of the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC). A month after claiming to have refurbished Wardhaman Nagar bus terminus and provided all basic facilities to passengers of East Nagpur area, nothing has changed. The building is still in a pathetic condition with no facilities for passengers.The MSRTC officials had also assured that over 100 buses will make daily trips for places like Bhandara, Gondia, Aheri, Sironcha, Gadchiroli, Wadsa, Chandrapur and Yavatmal from here to reduce congestion at the main bus stand in Ganeshpeth. Since the day MSRTC announced it as a terminus, there has been no sign of either a passenger or a bus from here.A visit on Thursday showed that the so-called 'terminus' is still in shambles. Records with the traffic controllers appointed here revealed that in the last one month no bus has arrived or departed from here. Further, no conductor or driver has registered their arrival and departure time on the record book at the bus stand. This reporter spent two hours on Thursday afternoon - supposedly peak hours - but there was no sign of either a passenger or a bus at the terminus.A lone MSRTC official posted at the terminus informed that since the deserted building was given terminus status, he too has not seen a single passenger or a bus here. \"How and why passenger will wait for a bus when corporation has not provided any facilities like water, toilets and most importantly lights and fans at the building,\" he said.\"The MSRTC bosses are simply trying to avoid giving the vacant bus depot and building land for the proposed new deputy RTO office and that's why on record it is being show as 'Wardhaman Nagar Terminus',\" he said.The official further claimed that during night hours the spot is frequented by gamblers and drunkards. Minor brawls among gamblers and looting incidents, which could not be corroborated by TOI, are common here.RK Choursia, Wardhaman Nagar depot manager, claimed that though semi luxury and long-route buses do not operate or make halt at the stand, but almost 45 ordinary buses travelling to Bhandara and Gondia halt here. \"We have appointed a traffic controller to look after the bus operations who also looks after booking monthly bus passes, students passes and other administrative work,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "13463409", "title": "19 deaths reported due to viral fever, gastro-entities in Tripura villages", "text": "AGARTALA: As many as 19 deaths, including that of six children, were reported from tribal-dominated remote villages of Longtari Valley sub-division in Tripura's Dhalai district.According to reports, viral fever, gastro-entities and meningococcal meningitis have been identified as the causes of deaths in the villages. Unhygienic lifestyle coupled with malnutrition are being blamed for the situation.Joint Director (Preventive Medicine) N Darlong told ToI on Thursday that three medical teams were sent to the affected hamlet by a chopper on Monday and two other teams of medicos with medical consignment had rushed to the localities on Thursday morning.\"I have asked the SDMO to send me a detailed report of the situation,\" said Darlong. He added that efforts had been made to provide treatment to the affected people. Darlong, however, claimed that there is a regular medical surveillance in the remote areas and the department has a location-wise yearly calendar of medical camps, besides extension of health service infrastructure in vulnerable villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13465425", "title": "All-woman cooperative banks on cards", "text": "PATNA: The state government has decided to showcase growing women's empowerment in the state by opening two all-woman cooperative banks in Patna and Nalanda districts, which are visited both by the national and international tourists. Incidentally, Nalanda is the home district of CM Nitish Kumar.When asked why Nalanda district figured as the recipient of every new scheme in the state, cooperative minister Ramadhar Singh said, \"Not much meaning, other than what is officially intended, should be read into it.\"Addressing a press conference here, Singh said the all-woman cooperative banks have been conceived as the symbol of new spirit of women's empowerment in the state. With both Patna and Nalanda being places of importance on the national and international tourist map, the cooperative department zeroed in on them first for opening such a bank. \"In course of time, other places of tourist importance will also have it. After Nalanda and Patna, it will be Gaya and Vaishali,\" he said, adding: \"They will showcase the new, changing face of the state and its people. \"Singh also reiterated the state government's decision to open 'Jayaprakash Narayan Sahkaar Haat' in the cooperative sector at Patna on the pattern of 'Dilli Haat' to provide market to goods produced by women's groups and Self-Help Groups (SHGs). Possible sites for them has already been identified. One of them is the premises of Boonkar Sahyog Samiti building located at Rajendra Nagar here, while the other one is the building of Bihar Cooperative Federation near Patna Museum. \"Interested women's groups and SHGs can book space for a particular period to sell their produce,\" Singh said.In tune with the state government's general thrust to strengthening cooperative movement in the state and also to promoting activities of women involved in cooperative activities, including SHGs, the cooperative department has decided to hold daylong, first-ever Mahila Sahkari Sammelan in the country at Shri Krishna memorial Hall here on May 26, as part of centenary celebration of the state.While CM Nitish Kumar would inaugurate the conference, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi would be the chief guest on the occasion. Besides, women achievers in cooperative activities in other states would also extend their fraternal presence and solidarity. Such visitors would include Astha Mahila Nagarik Sahkari Bank ( Bhopal ) chairperson Arti Visaria, adviser to Gender Programme International Cooperative Alliance, Asia-Pacific (Delhi), Savitri Singh and former Bihar cooperative department secretary S Jalja (retired IAS). \"The conference will formulate new guidelines for a more active role of women in the state's cooperative movement,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13465327", "title": "Stolen newborn baby recovered", "text": "PATNA: A newborn male child, who was stolen and handed over to an affluent family at Gaighat in Patna City, was recovered by a Kankarbagh police team within three hours of lodging of a complaint with the police station concerned on Thursday.Police said a young girl, a native of Islampur in Nalanda district, gave birth to a baby boy at a private nursing home in Kankarbagh on May 21. However, the nursing home employees told the girl and his father that the baby had died. The girl's father unsuccessfully demanded the baby's body.On Thursday, the girl's father came out of his confinement at the nursing home on some pretext and lodged a written complaint with the Kankarbagh police station regarding theft of the child.The nursing home authorities told the police since the child was a premature one, they had shifted him to another nursing home. The police grew suspicious over the activities of the nursing home's canteen manager, Basudeo Singh, and grilled him. Singh revealed that the nursing home's compounder, Avinash, had got the baby discharged from the other nursing home and handed him over to him (Singh). Thereafter, the canteen manager had given the baby to a family at Gaighat, police said. A police team then reached Gaighat, recovered the baby and handed him over to his mother.Sadar SDPO Rashid Zaman said that two separate FIRs had been lodged in this connection. One FIR had been lodged on the statement of the girl against the boy who raped her at her village and it would be sent to Islampur police station in Nalanda district.Another FIR had been lodged against four persons including Basudeo Singh, compounder Avinash Kumar, a nurse and an employee of nursing home. Raids were on to arrest the three accused, who are absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13478480", "title": "'Oru Karyam Parayanundu' with a new concept", "text": "Sathyan Anthikkad's new film 'Oru Karyam Parayanundu' will be coming soon.Nedumudi Venu and Namitha Prasad will be seen in lead roles. The film would basically revolve around the relationship and complexities between a 18 yr old girl and 70 year old man. It's a totally different concept taken up by Sathyan Anthikad.Nivin Pauly, Innocent, KPAC Lalitha, Mukesh, Mamukoya,Asokan are the other stars in the film. Film produced by Anto P Joseph and Benny Nayarambalam.Source: Kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13460678", "title": "Sanjay Bandekar passes away", "text": "MARGAO: Former minister and three-time Canacona MLA, Sanjay Bandekar, died while undergoing treatment at the Apollo hospital, Margao, on Thursday. His end came at 3.45pm, 18 days after he was admitted to the hospital following a brain haemorrhage on March 8.Bandekar was 59 and is survived by his wife Savita, son Gauresh, and daughters Gauri Anand Asnotikar and Gauravi.His funeral rites will take place at the Agonda crematorium on Friday at 12 noon.Bandekar was elected to the Goa legislative assembly from Canacona on the MGP ticket. He soon played an active role in toppling the Congress government led by Pratapsing Rane which led to the formation of the Congress government in March 1990. In January 1991, he, along with Ravi Naik , engineered a split in the MGP and joined the Congress to form yet another coalition government. He served as a minister in both these governments. However, he and Ratnakar Chopdekar, were disqualified under the anti-defection law.He returned to the Congress after the PDF government collapsed and got elected in 1994 and 1999 as a Congress MLA. He once again defected from the party in October 2000 along with other Congressmen, to join the BJP. Dropped from the BJP cabinet in April 2002, he went back to the Congress but failed to get elected again.In the run up to the March 2012 assembly elections, he joined the BJP.In his condolence message, the chief minister described Bandekar as a great social worker who remained concerned about ameliorating the lot for the poor and the needy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13459105", "title": "Petrol price hike puts business on shaky ground", "text": "HYDERABAD: Kirana store owner Srinath A can't help sweating profusely despite the air cooler on full blast in his small shop. For it's not the sweltering heat that has him breaking out into a sweat, but the impact of the Rs 8.36 per litre hike in petrol prices on the small business he runs in the Begumpet area.Srinath, who prides himself on being a friendly neighbourhood grocer providing free home delivery services to loyal customers, will now have to cough up more on petrol not just for his own transport but for the scooters his delivery boys use. \"I will have to spend Rs 100 more each week, resulting in a Rs 400-500 increased monthly expenditure on providing the free service which I can't discontinue given the tough competition from big retailers,\" says Srinath, who is now wondering whether he should move to the good old bicycle to make deliveries to stay afloat.Dharmendra Kumar Agarwal, who runs a small supermarket off Road No 1 in the upmarket Banjara Hills area, too is upset. \"Sab ke dimaag main ek hi baat hai - petrol ka bhav badh gaya. The hike will definitely impact my business as companies cut down on margins and customers slash spending to curtail budgets. My home delivery costs will also go up,\" laments Agarwal, who has already decided to take his bike to work instead of his petrol car.The massive petrol price hike has also left automobile dealers deflated. While they are happy that more diesel cars will start zipping out of showrooms, they are worried that the massive shift to diesel models will leave them saddled with higher inventories of petrol cars.Pointing out to the widening gap between the cost of running a petrol car and non-petrol cars using fuels like diesel, LPG and CNG, Varun Motors managing director V Prabhu Kishore feels the hike means more desperate times for dealers as petrol car inventories pile up. \"The latest hike has added another 50 paise per km to the average running cost of petrol cars. The first one month will be tough because rising input costs will make it difficult for car makers to slash car prices further, while a build up of inventories puts pressure on us to offer higher discounts,\" explains Kishore.Car dealers are also worried at the hit they will have to take on used car sales, as over 90% of the used car inventory with them comprises petrol cars.Industry too is worried that though the petrol price hike will not have as much of a direct impact as a diesel price hike would have had, it will definitely hit them by way of a dampening of consumer demand. \"Petrol prices don't directly impact industry but there will be fallouts like slowdown in consumer demand and increase in the cost of doing business,\" says Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Fapcci) senior vice-president Devendra Surana.Adds former Confederation of Indian Industry's AP chapter chairman Y Harishchandra Prasad: \"Petrol is a very important item in our life so overall there will definitely be a negative sentiment, especially as the hike comes on the back of high inflation and an uncontrollable dollar. There will be an impact on sales of all consumer products as the petrol bill of the common man will go up by 10-15% eating into disposable incomes. Once the consumer demand is affected, it will hit the manufacturing industry and then the services sector as everything is interlinked.\"\"We expect consumers in India to react negatively to this price hike, the biggest in 10 years. It would also create indirect inflationary pressures which will further dent consumer sentiment. The continued fall in rupee is also currently playing on consumers' minds,\" said Rashid Bilimoria, CEO, BluFin, which has a monthly consumer confidence index.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13675743", "title": "China is not an enemy, just a competitor: Lt Gen Bikram Singh", "text": "KOLKATA: Lt Gen Bikram Singh, GOC-in-C, Eastern Command, who takes over as Chief of Army Staff (CoAS) on Thursday, feels that relations with China have improved and one shouldn't send across a wrong message by talking too much about India's preparations military-wise.\"Minor incidents do occur. Patrols from their sides move to what is their perception about the Line of Actual Control (LAC). Our patrols also move to what is our perception of the LAC. These are tactical issues at best and should not be taken to a strategic level. In today's world, China is not an enemy. China is a competitor,\" the CoAS designate said in Kolkata before leaving for Delhi. The general also spoke about his priorities.\"My first priority as CoAS will be to ensure operational readiness of the Army to enable it to fulfil its Constitutional obligations and assigned roles effectively. Secondly, I will address the hollowness and ensure that the modernization process proceeds as per stipulated timelines. Thirdly, I will strengthen the Army's work culture and the core values, namely, duty, honour, loyalty, integrity, respect and selfless service,\" he said.Singh, who will be the 25th general to lead the world's second largest Army, will also focus on effective human resource management to ensure high standards of motivation and morale among all ranks. The former eastern Army commander is also keen to enhance co-ordination with the other services.\"All commanders must endeavour to create a climate during their command tenures that hinges on our cherished core values, professional ethos and is conducive to growth and cohesion. Everything, including the military, needs to move forward if we want to develop India into a regional leader,\" the general said.Singh was commissioned into the Sikh Light Infantry on March 31, 1972. In the Indian Military Academy (IMA), he held the appointment of battalion cadet adjutant. At the IMA, he was awarded the J&K; Rifles gold medal for 'tactics and leadership' and the Shriganesh Trophy. Better known as 'Bikki' to his friends, he was awarded the 'Commando Dagger' and the 'Best in Tactics' trophy during his young officer's course at Infantry School. It was during his tenure as instructor at the Commando Wing of the Infantry School in Belgaum that he met Surjeet Kaur and married her. She is better known as Bubbles with the Army-circle.\"Till the Kargil War, the Army used to be a closeted organization and interactions with the media were not entertained. It was after the Kargil War that the perception changed. Even as CoAS, I will ensure that people get to know about what is happening in the Army,\" Lt Gen Singh, who was assigned to brief the media during the Kargil War, said.As a brigadier, Singh attended the US Army War College in Pennsylvania. He served in two assignments with the United Nations in Central America and as the deputy force commander and GOC of Eastern Division in the Democratic Republic of Congo. Colleagues remember him as a 'soldier's soldier' for spending time with his troops on the ground.What was it that prompted the general to join the Army? \"I was a student at the Punjab Public School in Nabha during the 1962 and 1965 Wars. We would dig trenches and take shelter when the air raid signals were sounded. This was when I decided to join the Army. I was very good at Zoology and Biology and my teachers felt that I would become a doctor. If I were to be born again, I would join the Indian Army,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13474885", "title": "Armaan Ebrahim eyes big splash during Indy500", "text": "CHENNAI: The big moment is here for Armaan Ebrahim, the one that he was looking forward to when he first set foot on US soil to pursue his racing career across the Atlantic.This weekend, the 23-year-old Chennai lad will drive at the famed Indianapolis Motor Speedway , in the Freedom 100 Indy Lights race, held along with the biggest racing spectacle in the US - the Indy500. While the main show, the Indy 500 , will be held on Sunday, the Lights race will be held on Friday as a support race for the mega event.Armaan's season in Indy Lights - the feeder series for the Indy Racing League - has been sedate to say the least, the Indian spending the first three rounds of the season to find his feet in the relatively new style of racing which mainly involves ovals apart from some challenging street circuits.The Fan Force United driver plans to change all that during the Indy Weekend as he knows that if he makes a mark at Indianapolis, where the biggies of American racing will be present, his US career will take a whole new turn.Armaan's build up to the weekend will give him confidence for a good showing too. He was sixth fastest during free practice a couple of weeks back at the Speedway, just a fraction of a second behind the lead driver.At the moment though, the Indian is like a kid at a fair, reveling in the festive atmosphere of Indy500, having completed his free practice and getting ready for qualifying and the race on Friday.\"The month of May at Indianapolis, one has to see it to believe how big it really is. It is like no other event in the world,\" said Armaan.\"I always knew that the 500 is the largest viewed sporting event live, but I never expected the track to be full of fans right from the start of testing. There are two-seater Indy cars taking people for rides on the streets, schools bringing children and educating them on the history of Indy and what the 500 means to everyone here. I was also pleasantly surprised about how much the general spectator knew not only about all the drivers in the 500 but all of us who are in the Freedom 100 event,\" added Armaan, who had spent the last three years of his international career, racing Formula 2 in Europe.Back to the business at hand, Armaan explained his experience of racing at the oval.\"May 11th was the first time that I drove at the Oval at Indy and it was only my third day on any oval circuit. Oh man it's one hell of a track and like no other in the world. My team had prepared a solid car and I was able to get on it faster than I thought I could. The track consists of four corners and they are all flat,\" said Armaan.\"You cannot afford to lift because as soon as a driver lifts of the throttle you lose all your RPM and a ton of speed. Averaging speed of 189 to 190 mph feels pretty wild and that's when you're alone, the main challenge is when you have to deal with the other 20 cars on the grid,\" he added.Armaan is also learning from former Formula One racer Jean Alesi, who will drive for Fan Force United in the 500.\"My team Fan Force United got a last minute call from Lotus asking them to run Jean Alesi in the 500. So for the last two weeks I have been able to spend all my time at the track watching and taking in as much as possible because that's the series which I want to move up to and compete in the 500.For now my focus is only on the Freedom 100 and the rest of the season,\" said Armaan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13459287", "title": "Delhi: Year\u2019s hottest day at 43\u00b0C, worse to come", "text": "NEW DELHI: The heat is on, and it's only going to get worse. Delhi sweltered under a maximum temperature of 43.1 degrees Celsius on Thursday, the highest for the season. Oppressively hot winds forced people indoors, leaving shopping centres wearing a deserted look. Not surprisingly, power demand shot up, peaking at 4,823 MW, the highest so far this year.Worse, the Met office has forecast a further rise over the next few days. \"On Friday, the maximum temperature is likely to be 45 degrees Celsius,\" said a senior Met official. The hot spell is expected to continue till next Tuesday.Before Thursday's peak temperature, which was 4 degrees above normal, the highest maximum recorded this season was 42.6 degree Celsius on May 10 and 11. The humidity on Thursday swung between 9 and 36%.Officials said such temperature surges were normal during May. \"Last year, the maximum temperature in May was 44.1 degrees. In 2010, it was 45.4 degrees, while in 2002, the mercury had shot up to a record-breaking 46 degrees Celsius,\" the official said.Many Delhiites said the dust in the air, being brought in by gusty winds from Rajasthan, was increasing their discomfort. \"We do not step out of home till evening these days. The whole day is spent watching TV with ACs switched on. Our power bill is going to be unimaginably high this month,\" said Swati Das, a resident of Kailash Colony in south Delhi. Das said power cuts for even a few minutes had become unbearable in this weather.The peak power demand on Thursday touched the season's highest of 4,823 MW. Discoms BSES Yamuna and BSES Rajdhani attributed the spike in demand to Delhiites keeping their air-conditioners on for most of the day.The maximum demand of 1,880 MW was met by BSES Rajdhani while Yamuna catered to 1,250 MW, it's highest ever.\"Hot winds also made the day miserable. I desperately wanted to be indoors but my professional commitments forced me outdoors,\" said Abhishek Kumar, a marketing executive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13458714", "title": "Hartal total and largely peaceful in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: The dawn-to-dusk hartal called by the Left Democratic Front (LDF) and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Thursday to protest against the petrol price hike was by and large peaceful with no major untoward incident being reported from the city.Heavy police force was deployed to maintain law and order. The streets wore a deserted look with private and state transport corporation vehicles staying off roads. Educational institutions, shops and other establishments, including petrol pumps, remained closed.Police said that in a few minor incidents vehicular traffic was blocked by hartal supporters on the national highway. Police vehicles were put into service to help stranded passengers at airports and railway stations. While flight services remained unaffected, rail services were delayed for minutes after hartal supporters picketed rail tracks.LDF and BJP activists took out protest marches. Government offices, banks and other private institutions recorded thin attendance. At Palarivattom, hartal supporters damaged the glass panes of a hotel. A case was registered against SDPI activists in connection with the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13458730", "title": "'It's time Andhra Pradesh slashed VAT on petrol'", "text": "HYDERABAD: On Wednesday when news of the steepest petrol price hike, nowhere were the shrieks of displeasure perhaps heard louder than in Hyderabad where denizens have to cough up the highest VAT of 33% on petrol in the country. The latest hike of Rs 7.5 per litre of petrol works out to Rs 8.36 per litre in the city and means that the 'aam Hyderabadi' will have to shell out an average of Rs 4 more per litre than their counterparts in other metros.While the petrol price hike could mean good news for the state's cash-starved coffers, financial experts opine that the AP government,instead of cashing in on the hike, should slash VAT to provide respite to the common man. They suggest a 4-5% cut in state taxes to ensure that petrol rates continue to remain reasonable, without impacting government's revenue collection.\"Even if the state slashes VAT from 33 to 29%, it would benefit the consumer to a great extent. It will restrict the price of petrol to just about Rs 77-78 and also ensure that the earnings of the government are not affected,\" said Krishnamurthy Subramanium, assistant professor, at the Indian School of Business.But the suggestion may find few takers within the corridors of power given the fact that levies on petroleum products alone rake in 25% of AP's total collections. The money generated from petroleum products -- in 2011-12 the collections were a whopping Rs 10,000 crore -- comes in handy for the state to sustain its dozen-odd welfare schemes that cost the exchequer a neat Rs 9,000 crore or more. For the current financial year, the state is targeting mopping up Rs 12,000 crore from VAT on petroleum products alone.\"The annual revenue growth on petroleum products is roughly 10%. The new hike will help improve collections,\" said Suresh Chanda, commissioner, commercial taxes, Andhra Pradesh , while justifying the 33% VAT on petrol. \"No other state supports as many welfare schemes as AP. And these activities need money. Also, it is only on petrol and liquor that the VAT is high in the state. On other commodities, the tax is almost on a par with the rest of the country,\" he added.Such arguments notwithstanding experts say that the government should have a relook at its populist schemes that are being funded by such steep taxes and burning a hole in middle class' pockets. \"If oil prices go up, the tax should come down,\" argues Gautam Pingale, director, Centre for Public Policy, Administrative Staff College of India, who feels in any case the petrol price hike made no sense in terms of either economics or politics and a more rational approach by hiking prices of all petroleum products would have brought some rationality and equity in the system.Here financial analysts point out that AP should follow the example of Kerala and Uttarakhand, the two states that waived VAT on the hiked price of petrol for consumers' benefit. \"It could also follow the Goa model and increase VAT on other luxuries while reducing the burden on petrol,\" noted Nitin Parekh, chairman of the trade and commerce committee, FAPCCI. The Goa government, in the past, had slashed VAT on petrol to a meagre 1% while hiking the same on aerated drinks and beverages to maintain its revenue flow. In the case of AP, Parekh suggests the same could be done by increasing tax on 'sin' products such as tobacco, which is a surprisingly only 20%.\"Even the tax on aviation fuel that affects only the affluent class is a poor 16% roughly. Then what is the justification of hiking the tax on petrol, which affects almost all households and their budgets,\" asked Parekh.TIMES VIEW The steep rise in petrol prices will unsettle the monthly budgets of all middleclass households across Andhra Pradesh. It is only reasonable then that the state government step in and slash the steep 33% VAT on petrol currently prevailing in AP. Taking a leaf out of Uttarakhand and Kerala, the state should either waive the VAT on the hiked price of petrol or reduce the existing slab by a few per cent. The revenue gap can be filled by hiking tax on other luxurious items that do not affect the `aam aadmi'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13460212", "title": "Now, ex-CM says he will depose", "text": "MUMBAI: Former chief minister Ashok Chavan on Thursday said he will now depose before the two-member Adarsh judicial panel on June 30. The move followed a fresh application filed through his legal team. \"Chavan wanted to depose before the panel later (on or after June 30) as he had been named by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in its FIR and in view of his requirement in Delhi in a pending proceeding,'' the application said.Chavan, an accused in the case being probed by the CBI, had earlier sought exemption from appearing before the panel on May 23. He contended that his evidence will not be relevant on issues like reduction of road width, additional floor space index (FSI) being probed by the panel as they did not fall within his purview as revenue minister in 2000.Meanwhile, bureaucrat T C Benjamin on Thursday stuck to his statement before the panel that the housing society, in violation of coastal regulation zone rules 1991, had consumed construction rights in the form of a floor space index (FSI) of 1.77, as against the norm of 1.33.Benjamin, additional chief secretary in-charge of the urban development department, said in a notification on June 6, 1977, the Mumbai Metropolitan Regional Development Authority, the special planning authority in Backbay Reclamation area, had restricted FSI to 1.33. Benjamin's claim contradicted the stand by former chief ministers Vilasrao Deshmukh, Ashok Chavan and Sushilkumar Shinde that all rules were followed for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13486515", "title": "Building up India\u2019s mobile ecosystem", "text": "The early-stage investment arm of mobile technology major Qualcomm set up a deacde ago has invested in 70 ventures, mostly in mobile technology companies across the globe. In India, the fund, which mostly coinvests with other venture capital firms, has backed companies such as MapMyIndia, Apalya, Capillary Technologies and Onward Mobility. Nagraj Kashyap, Qualcomm Ventures' global vice-president and Kartheepan Madasamy, managing director (India and Israel ), discuss the mobile opportunity in India.Does Qualcomm invest to acquire? Kashyap: We try to build up the ecosystem. In some cases, there is a partnership that happens as a result of investment, but that is not always the case. If there is mutual benefit, there can be a business partnership but we don't try to force it. However, there is mutual benefit in many cases. We tend to invest in complementary technologies.What are the unique trends in the Indian market due to high mobile penetration? Madasamy: In several areas, we are jumping away from the PC path to go directly to the mobile. For example, we see this in areas such as health and education, where mobile has a certain relevance; given that mobile is the primary device not just for communication but also for computing , entertainment and multimedia. We are seeing several of these applications that work for mass markets. We are also seeing applications unique to the Indian environment, like people using biometrics for mobile banking.Kashyap: In western markets, we saw a lot of ideas coming from PC side being transferred to mobile. Here there may not be a PC analog at all. So solutions are being built directly on mobile or completely different models are being developed.We don't see too many m-commerce companies. Is it still early for m-commerce? Madasamy: Industry has learnt what is allowed and possible in terms of mobile payments. It is now time for mobile-based commerce and payments to start happening. And now, we are seeing different versions of what was happening around five years ago. Also e-commerce today is restricted to the top 10-11 million people. If it needs to extend beyond that, it has to happen through mobile. Kashyap: In most of the developed markets too, established players have seen their transactions shifting from online to mobile, with mobile growing the pie. M-payments have not been successful in most places. People keep talking about its success in Kenya , but there was no banking or regulation. So M-payments took off and now banking is coming on the back of this. If the regulations settle down in India, then M-payments can work in markets where banking penetration is low, like rural areas.India has not provided much exit opportunity for investors. What is your view? Kashyap: It is a question of maturing markets. From our perspective, we don't have as much of a problem as other investors who have to answer to LPs. We are long-term investors . We don't have a vintage fund; we don't have a fund that closes in a particular year. Since it is an evergreen investment strategy, we can be very patient. We are willing to bet on the country and overall macro growth. Also we have a globally diversified portfolio, so we are not dependent on exits from one market.Lack of robust mergers and acquisitions is seen as one of the gaps in the Indian ecosystem. Will Qualcomm play a role here? Madasamy: M&A; is definitely needed for the ecosystem. More multinationals are now willing to buy. Our portfolio companies have also been getting more enquiries. There are not as many Indian acquirers. There are some bigger mobile value added services (VAS) companies looking to acquire smaller VAS companies. But that is pretty much it. In China too there is not much M&A;, but the IPO market is more active.Kashyap: While we may not acquire , there is interest coming from multi-nationals entering India, as they then will have a readymade footprint already engaged.Are there deals you have missed in India? Madasamy: Consumer internet has made a come back. Given that consumer internet will be driven by mobile that is a space we should have invested in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "13459944", "title": "Revenue department seals Munde hospital", "text": "AURANGABAD: Beed revenue department officials on Thursday sealed the Munde hospital in Parli Vaijanath, about 200 km from here, and initiated action under Section 144 (3) of the Criminal Procedure Code, banning the doctor couple, Saraswati and Sudam Munde, the owners, from entering the hospital premises.\"The sealed area comprises two adjoining hospital structures - one three-storeyed building and the other a five-storeyed building. Section 144 of the CrPC empowers the district collector to issue order in urgent cases of nuisance or apprehended danger, preventing entry of a person or persons in a particular premises,\" said N T Jadhav, the additional district collector of Beed, who led the revenue and police team to seal the hospital.\"The police have been asked to implement the order. We did the panchanama and followed due procedures to seal the buildings, which have 64 rooms. We have told the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited to disconnect power supply to the premises, including the residential quarter situated on the second floor of the three-storeyed building. We found 117 beds across these two structures,\" Jadhav said.The Munde hospital in Parli Vaijanath has been in the news ever since the death of Vijaymala Mahadeo Pattekar, a sugarcane harvester from Bhapa in Dharur taluka of Beed district, during an operation to terminate her pregnancy on May 20. The provisional post-mortem report mentioned \"death due to heamorrhagic shock\". In fact, a non-governmental organisation had exposed that sex-determination tests were being conducted at the hospital in 2010. Subsequently, in 2011, the doctor couple had been booked for alleged female foeticide after the police recovered foetuses abandoned in Parli, including on the farm of Sudam Munde.\"The Munde hospital's licence to conduct sonography tests and medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) had been cancelled long back,\" said Beed civil surgeon Gauri Rathod, who was part of the team to visit the Munde hospital on Wednesday.Rathod told TOI, \"Though originally the permission was to run a 10-bed hospital, we found 117 beds lined up on the mezzanine floor. Also, it is mandatory for any hospital to renew its licence every three years by approaching the civil surgeon's office, which the Munde couple had not done. Their hospital was apparently running for the last three years without a licence from the municipal council.\"\"We have found at least 200 sheets of printed readymade prescriptions with either the number 16 or 19 written on them. We suspect that these numbers on the prescriptions are codes meant for the medical store to provide injections or MTP material used for abortion,\" Rathod added.She also pointed out that the authorities found bio-medical waste dumped in the open on the premises. \"We have written to the pollution control board to take appropriate action against the hospital authorities for not disposing of the waste properly.\"Meanwhile, the police have arrested Mahadeo Pattekar, Vijayamala's husband, in connection with her death. \"The police have launched a search for the doctor couple -Saraswati and Sudam Munde, who have disappeared from Parli,\" said inspector Ramrao Gadekar of the Parli city police. They were earlier arrested on May 21, but the appropriate court granted them bail, he said, adding that Mahadeo was on Thursday produced before the court, which remanded him to four days of police custody.\"We have added more stern sections of IPC against the Mundes and Pattekar, including 412 (dishonestly receiving property stolen in the commission or dacoity), 414 (assisting concealment of stolen property), 415 (cheating) and 416 (cheating by personation). Earlier, the doctor couple was booked under sections 304 (causing death due to negligence), 201 (destruction of evidence) and 34 (common intention)\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13460912", "title": "Union demands auto fare hike every year", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Autorickshawmen's Union wants a fare hike for auto drivers in May every year.The suggestion was made on Thursday before the Hakim committee, which is deciding future fare revisions. According to sources, the union demanded an immediate fare hike of Rs 20 for a minimum distance of 2 km and a fare revision annually.\"A hike should take into account the cost of living index for the past 11 months, spare parts and maintenance costs,\" said Pramod Ghone, assistant general secretary of the union. \"Employees in the corporate sector and government officials get a salary increment every year due to inflation. Auto drivers also deserved an annual fare hike,\" he added.The union's president, Sharad Rao, made a presentation before former state transport secretary PMA Hakim. Rao said auto drivers should get Rs 34 as the fare for 2 km to take care of all their monthly expenses. \"While it will not be proper to make such a huge demand, we insist that the government should at least consider Rs 20 as the basic fare,\" he said.Rao may move court if a fare hike is not announced within two months, sources said. \"We highlighted the plight of nearly 4,000 drivers whose autos have been confiscated by banks as they failed to repay three EMIs on the auto loan in the past two years,\" Rao said.\"They were unable to meet expenses and bank agents seized their vehicles after forcing passengers to get down from the autos,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13460841", "title": "Molestation victim's father sent SMS saying he was under pressure: Kavita Srivastava", "text": "JAIPUR: The non-governmental organizations (NGOs) are crying foul over the several shocking twists and turns that came up over the past one-and-a-half years in the case of alleged molestation of a 21-year-old girl by policemen at Pratap Nagar station.Social activists said the pressure from the accused policemen led to change in the girl's statement against these policemen who had allegedly molested her. Feeling humiliated, the girl had attempted suicide by throwing herself in front of a moving train on January 25 last year. She survived, but with 80% disability that rendered her completely bed-ridden.A top police officer pleading anonymity said that the possibility of the girl's family members being offered money by the accused policemen is not being ruled out.\"Reena's (name changed) family members had never approached us saying that they were getting threats from anyone. There were reports that the girl's family members were being offered money,\" said the officer.The NGOs alleged that Reena changed her statement in the court in exchange of similar courtesy extended to her by her friend Vandana (name changed). Vandana had lodged an FIR against the girl alleging that Reena forced her to have sex with some youths and then had her kidnapped. Vandana was traced to Mathura by police following which she lodged a police case against Reena.However, in a surprising turn of events, both the girls retracted their statements in a court on Wednesday. While Reena said she did not know which policemen molested her at the station, Vandana claimed she was never kidnapped leaving the NGOs who were fighting for justice completely shocked.A K Jain, who represented Reena in various courts said, \"Her family members came to me about 10 days ago seeking a non-objection certificate from me so that they could change her lawyer.\" Jain added he provided them the NOC, however, he was not aware if they engaged another lawyer for representing the girl.Similarly, People's Union for Civil Liberties (PUCL) general secretary Kavita Srivastava said that Reena had claimed molestation by three policemen not only in her suicide note but also in her statements recorded before a magistrate under Section 164 of CrPC, SP Paramjeet and principal secretary Aditi Mehta. However, Reena suddenly retracting these statements smacks of a conspiracy, Srivastava claimed.On May 21, two days before Reena changed her statement, Kavita claims to have received an SMS from the victim's father saying he was under pressure. \"The father, Shivdan Singh, said in the SMS that he understands my feelings. He thanked me for whatever I did for his family. However, he pleaded to me to understand the compulsion under which he was acting. He also said that he could see his family in trouble,\" said Srivastava.She added he categorically mentioned in his message if Vandana changed her statement then he was also compelled to do so.\"When I tried to call him back repeatedly, he did not answer. Two days later, Reena changed her statement,\" said Srivastava.Twists and turns-Vandana goes missing on January 18, 2011-Reena called to Pratap Nagar police station several times for interrogation in Vandana missing case-Reena jumps in front of a train on January 25, 2011, but she survives-Reena accused three policemen including SHO Ramniwas Bishnoi of molesting her-Reena in her suicide note and during statements before various officials claims molestation by three cops-Vandana traced in Mathura by police in May 2011-Vandana says Reena forced her to have sex with several men who made her clippings-She lodges an FIR against Reena and nine other youths, some of whom were arrested by the police. Reena is also arrested in March this year-Reena and Vandana change their statements before a court on Wednesday", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13460127", "title": "Pandav Nagar encounter: 13 officers get clean chit", "text": "NEW DELHI: A decade after thirteen Delhi Police officers were accused of gunning down a criminal in a staged shootout, a trial court on Thursday gave a clean chit to the cops saying the accused had acted in good faith in discharge of their duties.Terming the case as one with \"chequered history\", chief metropolitan magistrate Vinod Yadav discharged the 13 policemen, including three sub-inspectors of the special staff of east Delhi. \"This court is of the considered opinion that the cognizance against the accused persons in this case cannot be taken. They are accordingly discharged from this case,\" the CMM said, while accepting the closure report filed by the CBI in the matter.The police officers accused in the case were - sub inspectors Vinay Tyagi, Atul Tyagi and Satish Rana; head constables Satinder Singh, Neeraj Kumar and Nagender; and constables Prem Pal Singh, Raj Kumar, Hari Om, Naresh Pal, Sudhir Kumar, Rustam Ahmed and Upender.The thirteen officers, part of the special staff team headed by SI Vinay Tyagi, were accused of gunning down Rupender alias Kanu Jat at a house in Pandav Nagar, east Delhi in a fake encounter on January 11, 2002. The cops were also accused of destroying evidence.\"The act of the accused persons in going to B-49, Pandav Nagar, Delhi, pursuant to credible information about Kanu Jat, who was wanted in a number of criminal cases, and pursuant to the telephonic directions received from their superior officer on the face of it appears to be in discharge/purported discharge of their official duties,\" the court said.Jat's father Chander Bhan had complained on January 13, 2002 that his son was killed in a fake encounter and the armed officers had forcibly entered their house, looted valuables and threw Kanu down from the balcony and gunned him down. On his plea, the Delhi high court had ordered a CBI probe into the matter.The Delhi lieutenant governor, however, refused to grant sanction to prosecute the policemen saying the \"accused persons were found to have not acted in a predetermined manner and death of Kanu Jat was found to be natural consequence of retaliatory firing, while exercising their right of private defence and discharging their duties as officials of special staff\".After this, the CBI filed a closure report but went on to argue that the court can independently assess the evidence collected by it to see if the accused persons acted in discharge of their duties.The CMM, however, observed that \"it would be apparent that the CBI had not been able to establish anything on record to hold that the LG did not apply his mind to the facts and circumstances of the case while refusing sanction for prosecution of the accused persons.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13460680", "title": "Eight bogus doctors arrested from Nalasopara", "text": "MUMBAI: Eight fake doctors were arrested from Nalasopara on Wednesday as part of a drive conducted by the Vasai Virar Municipal Corporation (VVMC).A registered homeopath from Nalasopara, Sushil Kumar, who allowed a Bachelor of Arts graduate to practice at his clinic, was also arrested. Mukesh Pandey, the arts graduate, holds a bogus medical certificate and was examining a five-month pregnant woman when the officers conducted the raid. A homeopath intern, Santosh Singh, who was practicing even after his provisional certificate had expired, was also arrested.The arrested have been identified as Rajnarayan Vishwakarma, Radheshyam Ramraj Pal, Rajesh Sharma, Hridyanarayan Yadav, Dinesh Sharma, Shiv Kumar Rai and Asgar Ali Shaikh.Dr Sunil Wadkar, chief medical officer, VVMC said that the drive was conducted following complaints. Vasai-Virar region has over 300 bogus doctors.In 2010, the Vasai taluka public health officer Dr Anil Yadav was caught red-handed by the ACB for allegedly demanding money from bogus doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13467301", "title": "BT czar upset with govt lethargy", "text": "BANGALORE: The apathy of the state government to infrastructure projects has come as a rude jolt to IT and BT czars who had proposed a project, Tender SURE, to revamp the city's major roads and re-lay them.Chief minister DV Sadananada Gowda had announced the project in his state budget presented in March this year, three months after which the government constituted a technical committee to review the project. The review is expected to take three months.A review of the city's most ambitious project must not take three months, felt Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw , managing director and founder of Biocon , who was one of the members of the Bangalore City Connect Foundation (BCCF) that met the chief minister and proposed the concept of Tender SURE.\"Why do you need three months for a review meeting to be held? Why can't it be done in one day? There is no sense of urgency among government officials and policy-makers over the development of Bangalore. I am upset,\" Shaw told TOI.BCCF is an initiative that aims to get various urban stakeholders assist governmental agencies in better planning and implementation of urban infrastructure. BCCF's Tender SURE proposes to redo 27 main roads in the city. The Rs 100-crore first phase includes relaying the 5.1 km stretch from MG Road to Indiranagar, Nrupatunga Road, Raj Bhavan Road, Brigade Road, Church Street and Cunningham Road. The proposal is to take up work on MG Road first.\"The problem is that other civic agencies think that it is a BBMP project. The problem has to be cracked at the top political level. The mandate has to come from the top, saying that all agencies must fall in line for the sake of the city's development and squeeze unnecessary bureaucratic delay. The BBMP has control only over drains and roads. It is a maze of utilities crisscrossing beneath the road. In fact, the BWSSB has no idea of how its utilities are connected. The nightmare is in getting Bescom and BWSSB sign up for the project,\" said Swati Ramanathan, BCCF member and founder of India Urban Space which designed the detailed project report for Tender SURE.But civic agencies like BWSSB see the Tender SURE project not as a benefit but a burden. \"We will take up this work only if BBMP or the infrastructure development department funds it. Changing sewage and water lines costs Rs 4,000 per metre. And there are no revenue benefits for us,\" BWSSB chief engineer T Venkatarju told TOI.Surprisingly, Bescom MD P Manivannan was unaware of the project. When TOI asked him about Bescom's role in the execution of the project, Manivannan said he had no clue and rang up a BCCF member asking about Tender SURE.Two days later, a Bescom spokesperson said: \"The confusion is because Tender SURE has not even been mentioned in the letter from BBMP except for a meeting notice. The Bescom chief engineer has attended one such meeting. Our officers have sought a budget of Rs 13 crore, which will be provided.\"Commissioner speak\"BBMP will take up the Tender SURE project. If other agencies are not willing to fund it, I will go ahead with the work. But they will not be allowed to dig the road for the next 30 years and they must also sign a contract in this regard,\" BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda said.What is Tender SURE?Tender SURE adopts a comprehensive approach to urban infrastructure projects. It aims to ensure pothole-free roads for 15-20 years after it is laid, envisaging that it is not dug up by any agency after it is laid.It prescribes among other things planning and design standards for all hierarchies of urban roads, based on information related to traffic movement and various utilities like sewage and cables lying underneath, procurement formats and residents' involvement in supervision.TIMES VIEWExperts are ready to take the city out of the mess. But the fact that the government hasn't bothered to seize this public-private initiative for good roads is shameful. Thanks to the government's indifference, Bangalore City Connect's Tender SURE project is still in its embryo stage, rightly drawing the ire of corporate honchos who are part of it. The need of the hour is the integration of civic agencies.It is up to the government to crack the whip and make the squabbling civic bodies fall in line for betterment of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13463000", "title": "Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation System has taken away the thrill of topping, say students", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With CBSE introducing grade points under Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation System and an option between schools-based exam and external board exams, Class X student's dream to be acknowledged as a 'topper' has faded as students getting 91% or 99% marks, are equals and get CGPA 10.CBSE took this step to do away with the rat race for more and more marks; however it has left students and parents feeling that the grading system would result in lack of competitive skills among students.Avtansh Behal, a Class X student from Saupin's School in Chandigarh, who scored CGPA 10 and A1 grade in all five subjects feels that the current grading system has stolen the sheen out of topping examinations. \"It kills the feeling of competition among students. Also, the charm of topping a particular examination is not there anymore when there are thousands of kids passing out with CGPA 10. Grading has killed a sense of ultimate achievement.\"Teerth Saini, father of a Class X student, said, \"It's good that CBSE has completely done away with competition and everyone will get equal grades. My only concern is that this is the second batch to pass out with grading system and already the seriousness has reduced, even though they had seen the ranking system in previous classes and the kind of hard work it demands. But five years down the line, the kids who have only seen grading system would feel a lot of pressure when they reach Class XII which still works on rank system.\"Inderpreet Singh Chakal, a Class X student from The Millennium School who got CGPA 10, said, \"The CCE system sounded good to begin with, but has brought many in one bracket - whether one gets 99% or 94% or even 100%, they are all put into the bracket of A+ grade. The thrill of topping the school or being among the few students who get above 95% is no longer there. There is just no competition left.\"Arushi Malik, from GMSSS-37 who got CGPA 10, said, \"The earlier system was removed to take down the stress, but the current system has taken away the charm of seeing the result. With school-based boards everyone knows scoring would be easier as the school teachers have to give grades. Student's rat race has been put to an end, though only for a while, as schools are still racing to get maximum number of students with CGPA 10.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13475308", "title": "Shahid, Priyanka swap their religious identities", "text": "Kunal Kohli thinks there's no real problem between the two Hindu and Muslim communities. In his new film Teri Meri Kahani he has played a delicious double-identity game whereby Shahid Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra switch religious identities during the course of the narration.Explains Kohli, \"There're three different pairs of characters played by Shahid and Priyanka. In two of them they play a Hindu and a Muslim character. But they swap religious identities in the two sections.\"While in the first story situated in 1910 Shahid plays a Muslim lover-boy named Javed and Priyanka a Hindu girl named Aradhana, in the second story that unfolds in 1960, Shahid stars as a strugging music composer named Govind while Priyanka plays a Muslim actress named Rukshar. \"In this way Kohli wants to show how the religious identity and the problems that ensure thereof are of no consequence to him as a movie maker. Argues Kohli, \"Why do we consider it a problem? It is not! As an Indian and a responsible filmmaker it is my job to show that the so-called differences are all a state of the mind. That's why I made the religious identity inter-changeable in my film. The two halves, the Hindu and the Muslim are changed in the two different segments of the film. I feel cinema needs to wean society away from prejudices. And what better example of communal amity than the movie industry?\"Interestingly Kohli has named Priyanka as Radha after his daughter in the segment of his film set in 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13485334", "title": "Jethalal\u2019s love for Babita gets him an electric shock!", "text": "On Monday's episode (28th May, 2012) of Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashama, fans will be in for a bout of laughter and delight.Everyone knows about Jethalal's keen interest and open admiration for his neighbour Babita. So when she faces an electricity problem in her house, Babita sets out to look for Abdul but ends up meeting Jethalal. That's when he uses this opportunity to spend time with her and offers to fix her electricity problem. And in the process, Jethalal gets a massive electric shock.Jethalal aka Dilip Joshi says, \"This episode is meant to be extremely funny and we are also trying to convey the message that if you do not know something or are unaware, don't pretend to be over smart\".Rightly said Jethalal! Babita may or may not be impressed, but audiences certainly are entertained!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13459347", "title": "5 more ministers in soup over GOs", "text": "HYDERABAD: With Mopidevi Venkata Ramana ending up as the first minister to be arrested in the Jagan assets case, the spotlight is now on the five other colleagues who too are under the CBI scanner for their role in the various alleged irregularities during the YSR regime. Dharmana Prasada Rao was revenue minister in the YSR cabinet, and had approved several GOs for grant of land for Raghuram Cements (which subsequently became Bharati Cements) and also land allotments for Penna Prathap Reddy group and Brahmani Infratech companies.Dharmana's role in these land allotments is under the examination of the CBI. Sabita Indra Reddy as mines minister issued GO No.54 on 13-2-2009 allowing change of licence in the name of Bharati Cements Limited from Raghuram Cements Limited.Sabita is also under the CBI scanner for her involvement in the Obulapuram Mining Case as she cleared several proposals moved by then mines secretary Y Srilakshmi which allegedly facilitated illegal mining along AP-Karnataka border.The GOs cleared by Sabita benefited the mining companies of Gali Janardhan Reddy who is facing charges including illegal mining, export and violation of environment laws.Kanna Laxminarayana was industries minister in 2010 and is being probed by the CBI for issuing GO No.12 which allegedly benefited Ramky Pharma city in Visakhapatnam by way of reimbursement of Rs 3.15 crore spent on stamp duty and registration.J Geetha Reddy was industries minister in 2007 and she had approved GO No.477 which gave permission for the setting up of Brahmani Steels in Kadapa district. The GO is said to have extended several benefits to Gali Janardhan Reddy, the promoter of the project.Ponnala Laxmaiah was irrigation minister in the YSR cabinet and had issued GO No. 146 on 22-07-2008 and GO No.94 on 12-08-2009 allocating water for India Cements which had later invested in Jagan's Jagati publications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13460245", "title": "Gold chains worth Rs 2.7L snatched in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Two unidentified persons snatched two gold chains worth Rs 2.70 lakh, of a woman near a marriage hall at Pimple-Gurav. The incident took place on Wednesday night.A complaint has been lodged by Anita Barne (38) of Thergaon with the Sangvi police station.Police sub-inspector of Sangvi police station J S Rajeshirke said that Barne and her family had come for a marriage at Pimple-Gurav. After the ceremony, her husband had gone to get their car, while she was talking with her mother in front of the marriage hall. \"Two unidentified persons came near her on a motorcycle, snatched her two gold chains worth Rs 2.70 lakh and fled,\" Rajeshirke said.In another incident of chain snatching which took place on Tuesday night, motorcycle-borne suspects snatched a gold chain worth Rs 60,000 of Sunita Deepak Waje (24) at Vallabhnagar in Pimpri. The incident took place around 11 pm, when Waje was walking towards her home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13462355", "title": "Good show by Thiruvananthapuram district in medical entrance exam", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: After the good show in higher secondary examinations, Thiruvananthapuram district has done well in the medical entrance too. The district has the maximum number of candidates in the rank list. Out of the 10,340 candidates who appeared for the exam 9,238 figured in the ranklist, which is the highest among all the districts. The district has 124 candidates who are placed among the top 1,000; behind Kozhikode which has 149 candidates among top 1,000.Bikas Keethadath, from Kaniyapuram emerged the district topper, securing 10th rank. Bikas, who was a student of Our Lady of Mercy School, Puthukurichy, emerged successful in his second attempt. \"I wanted to join medicine, so I took a second chance and also did not appear for the engineering entrance exam,\" he said.Mohammed SM (11th rank), who was a student of Loyola School in the city, has not made up his mind on whether to join a medical college in the state. \"I am awaiting for a few more results, including the All India Medical Entrance. I will decide only after those results are out,\" he told TOI. He said that he had expected to figure in the top 100 positions. \"When I checked the answer key after the exam, I was confident to be in a good position in the rank list,\" he said.But another topper from the district, who also happened to be the topper among the SC candidates in the state, Devu Dilip, had no hesitation in answering when asked about her plans. \"I would like to join the medical college here. I was expecting a good rank and with God's grace, I could do well,\" Devu, who bagged the 107th rank, said.A student of Holy Angels, she said that she was well supported by her parents and teachers. \"All of them have called me after the results were announced and they are all happy,\" she said. Devu had no qualms about admitting that she became interested in medicine only after completing the 11th standard. \"Initially, I wanted to join engineering. But ever since I began my preparation for the plus-two course, I felt that medicine was the right choice,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "13459847", "title": "Naxals call for Andhra-Odisha border bandh on May 30", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Maoists have called for a bandh in Andhra-Odisha border on May 30 protesting implementation of globalization policies of central and state governments. The Maoist party said here on Thursday that because of these policies, people are facing land shortage, famine, corruption and other issues.In a press release, AOB secretary Chandra Mouli said that the rulers were neglecting the implementation of 1/70 Act in the scheduled area. He alleged that 300 MPs and 70% of the ministers became millionaires and that the worth of the assets of top 100 richest persons in the country is $241 billion.He said that from Kalinga Nagar to Kakarapalli, Naveen Patnaik and Kiran Kumar Reddy governments were giving permissions to industrialists to set up SEZs. \"People should stand up and raise their voice against the capitalist governments,\" he said.He said lakhs of families were either displaced or homeless due to thermal power projects and industries. He said because of the MoUs with Posco, Jindal, Indalco and other companies, tribals were being displaced as industries were allowed to come up on their cultivable lands. He alleged that the new mining policy is giving space for the corporates to displace the people from the hills also. He said the government is adopting oppressive tactics against the agitating tribals and suppressing the Maoists in the name of Operation Green Hunt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13459369", "title": "Cops nab painter in murder plot", "text": "HYDERABAD: A person who allegedly assisted a history-sheeter in a conspiracy to eliminate another person was arrested by Task Force sleuths at Bolanagar in Banjara Hills on Thursday.Police said Syed Jeelani, a painter, reportedly helped Mohammed Feroz, a history-sheeter of Golconda police station, in procuring daggers from Nanded. Feroz had conspired to kill another history-sheeter Mohammed Anwar.\"In February, Jeelani was arrested by the Jubilee Hills police in a vehicle theft case. During his stay in jail, he met Feroz and the latter sought his help to murder Anwar with whom he had differences,'' police said. To commission the offence, Feroz had asked Jeelani to procure daggers. When Jeelani returned to the city with the weapons, Task Force investigators took him custody and handed over him to the Banjara Hills police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13468404", "title": "'Blind bomb' may have caused Kareli blast: Cops", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Even as sleuths of anti-terrorist squad (ATS) and forensic experts are busy in ascertaining the nature of explosion that claimed lives of five children and left six others critically wounded, initial probe hinted towards 'blind bomb' of the Army. It may either be a grenade or a cannon ball.IG Alok Sharma said that initially it seems to be a blind bomb of the Army. But the picture would be clear only after forensic examination in state laboratory.Forensic experts have collected blast samples from the spot for laboratory tests in Lucknow. The nature of explosion would be clear after the analysis.Sharma maintained that police teams have been probing before reaching to any conclusion. The blast might have occur when someone tried to scrap the metal present on blind bomb and it exploded.\"Things would be clear when the chemical examination of samples were conducted,\" said an officer associated with probe.The condition of Tasleema, Batan, Ruksana, Abdul, Rosy and Nargis was stated to be stable on Thursday. They are undergoing treatment at Colvin and SRN hospitals.It might be recalled that five children died and six others sustained serious injuries in an explosion in Kareli on Wednesday.The situation remained peaceful in Kareli and cops maintained a close watch. Volunteers of social organizations and leaders of Samajwadi Party visited the spot and distributed articles and meals to the affected families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13459487", "title": "Rs 162 crore worth crops lost in hailstorms", "text": "KOLKATA: Hailstorms in the past week have damaged crops - primarily paddy - worth more than 162 crore in the state. Out of this, the loss incurred by paddy farmers has been a whopping 151.02 crore. However, officials allayed fears that this will trigger any price rise of rice in the coming days.The state agriculture department authorities have been gauging the loss caused by the Nor'westers and the hailstorms over the past two weeks. They are also working out ways to overcome the loss. Around 10.69 hectare of land, out of which crops covering over 1.36 lakh area, was affected. This is approximately 10% of the total cultivation area in 12 districts in the state. The crops affected are paddy, maize, pulses, wheat, jute and vegetables. Loss related to paddy has been caused mostly in Burdwan, South 24-Parganas and Nadia. Crops over 58,000 hectare of land has been destroyed completely, causing loss to 166.2 tonne of crops.The amount of loss won't have such adverse impact on the price of the crops since it is 10% of the total area covered. But the government is also taking efforts to ensure that more seeds are distributed in the next season, said an official of the state agriculture department. According to the official, 6 kg of seeds will be distributed free of cost among 1 lakh farmers in the state next season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "13479449", "title": "US man discovers he's actually a woman", "text": "MELBOURNE: A man who went to hospital with a kidney stone was left stunned when his ultrasound revealed that he was actually a woman.Steve Crecelius, who is a photographer from Denver, Colorado, was born with both male and female traits but has been repressing his feminine side for a long time.But after an ultrasound found out about his sex, he no longer lives as a man and goes by the name of 'Stevie' - a move that his wife and their six children support.\"I remember wearing my mom's clothes and makeup, very secretly, not telling anybody,\" the Daily Telegraph quoted Crecelius as telling Fox31.Crecelius, who chose to hide behind a male persona, revealed that 40 years later, the nurse gave the explanation for his feelings.\"I had a kidney stone and we're in the emergency room,\" Crecelius said.\"The nurse is reading the ultrasound and says, \"Huh, this says you're a female\". It validated everything I had always felt inside.\"The ultrasound found that while Crecelius appeared to have male genitalia, he also had internal female sex organs - just one of the conditions under the umbrella term 'intersex'.However, when they arrived home, his wife Debbie forced him to talk about it - a conversation that Crecelius had avoided in fear that he would lose his family.According to the Denver Post, Debbie was supportive, choosing to deal with the news by taking Stevie shopping for her first bra.Debbie admitted that it was not been easy and she was afraid that she would never get her husband back - but despite all that she stood by Stevie.\"You will be who you are,\" she said.\"I didn't sign on for this, but who signs on for anything,\" she said.\"She's the same person she was as a he on the inside,\" she added.They admitted to battling it all by being open about their concerns as they adjusted through the changes.'We asked each other questions,' Debbie said.\"He asked me, \"What if you meet someone along the way?\" I said, \"What if you meet someone?\" The road goes both ways,\" she said.However, the couple who has now been together for more than 25 years, still shares a room and a bed together.\"She still relates to my heart and soul, and I still relate to hers, and I think that that's the essence of true love,\" Crecelius added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13459702", "title": "Two die in separate road accidents", "text": "HYDERABAD: An MBA student and a housewife died in two separate road accidents at Punjagutta on Thursday. At around 11 am, 22-year-old Khaja Nizamuddin was crossing the road near Khairatabad crossroads on his way to college for an exam when an RTC bus hit him , police said.\"He succumbed at around 12 pm in the hospital. Eye-witnesses said the bus hit the student,\" Punjagutta sub-inspector K Jawaharnath said. In another incident, housewife M Rama Devi, 45, died when a two-wheeler, driven by a woman, hit her near Nims Hospital. Rama Devi suffered a blow to her head and, after being initially admitted in Yashoda Hospital, was later shifted to Osmania General Hospital, where she succumbed to her injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13463972", "title": "Petro hike fuels pedalling drive", "text": "LUDHIANA: The steep hike in petrol price has cheered up at least one group of people in the city, who are hoping that at least now residents will consider cycling as a serious option. Seeing the occasion as perfect opportunity to encourage the city to start pedalling, a group of cyclists carried out a special cycle rally on Thursday evening.''Cycling is good for health and it's good for the pocket as well. We therefore requested residents to stop mourning about the price hike and switch to cycling for at least short trips,'' said Devinder Nagi, a 35-year-old school teacher from Model Gram.The rally started from Sarabha Nagar market went on to Gurdev Nagar, Pakhowal Road, Sargodha colony, Partap colony and finished near Model Gram. ''Our funky cycles attracted attention everywhere and people interacted with us. Many of those we met had not pedalled for more than 20 years,'' said Devinder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13477603", "title": "Nanny harassment charges absurd, says Stone\u2019s rep", "text": "Sharon Stone representative has called the harassment charges made by the actress' former nanny \"absurd\" and \"frivolous\".The 'Basic Instinct' star is being sued for harassment and wrongful termination by former nanny Erlinda Elemen, who claims that the actress made disparaging comments about her religion and ethnicity and fired her without reason, the New York Post reported.Elemen filed a civil complaint Wednesday in Los Angeles Superior Court, seeking unspecified damages. Among the charges made in the nanny's complaint are that Stone made insulting comments about Elemen's Filipino heritage.The suit alleges that Stone went as far as to ban Elemen from speaking in front of her three children, so they would not \"talk like you.\"In addition, the suit claims that Stone criticized Elemen \"for frequently attending church and, on one occasion, forbade Plaintiff from reading the bible in Plaintiff's room in Defendant's residence.\"Elemen began working as Stone's assistant nanny in 2006, and two years later was promoted to head nanny, caring for her three children -- Roan, now 12, Laird, now 6, and Quinn, now 4 -- and travelling with the family.The suit claims that Elemen was dismissed from the position in 2011 when Stone discovered that she had been paid overtime. Elemen alleges that Stone accused her of \"stealing\" and asked for the overtime payments back.Stone's rep, however, tells the Los Angeles Times that the actress will be \"completely vindicated in court.\"\"This is an absurd lawsuit that has been filed by a disgruntled ex-employee who is obviously looking to get money any way she can,\" the rep said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13461683", "title": "Speedy clearance of projects: Civic chief", "text": "THANE: Thane municipal commissioner RA Rajeev on Wednesday proposed initiatives aimed at time-bound and transparent clearances for construction projects in the lake city aimed to restore faith of the developers in the civic body.During a meeting with honchos of the construction industry on Wednesday, Rajeev suggested mechanisms such as preparing a manual of must-dos for architects and builders while submitting proposals to the town planning department. Rajeev offered to meet the builders and developers from Thane once a month to discuss pending issues and speed up administrative clearances. As many as 35-40 names in the construction business including Kalpataru, Dosti, Cosmos, Ashar were present at the meeting held in the municipal commssioner's office on Wednesday. To ensure accountability in the new mechanism, heads of civic departments involved in giving clearances to projects were present.\"We are happy with the approach of the municipal commissioner. All we are asking is to avoid delays in issuing clearances should the proposal be submitted with requisite documents,'' a developer who was part of the delegation said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13473408", "title": "Fresh take", "text": "KOLKATA: A vice president from the eastern region after a gap of 15 years is no mean feat and to celebrate this grand occasion, the Eastern India Regional Council (EIRC) of ICAI organised a press meet in Kolkata recently.Present on the occasion were CA Jaydeep N Shah, president, ICAI; CA Subodh Kumar Agrawal, VP, ICAI; CA Prasun Kr Bhattacharyya, chairman, EIRC along with other regional and central council members. CA Agrawal, who has been selected VP, will take over as president from CA Shah on February 12, 2013.The body also shared initiatives taken by the institute for members, students and in various other areas. Some are mentioned below.For students: \u00b7 15 minutes reading time with 3 hours for writing \u00b7 One day gap between two papers to help students revise the entire course \u00b7 Before the entrance exam, a programme will be held throughout India on how to tackle CA examination \u00b7 A mock test will be conducted before the exam for the benefit of students who will also be given suggestions on their limitations \u00b7 A regional test paper will be published two to three months prior to the exam to give students an idea of the kind of questions they can expect. It will be available online too \u00b7 These initiatives cumulatively will build up the confidence of students and help them excel in the examinations.For members: \u00b7 To update members' knowledge they will have to undergo compulsory educational programme every year \u00b7 The body will closely monitor professional behaviour of the members and disciplinary action would be taken against negligent members.In addition to this,\u00b7 EIRC is developing its infrastructure. A six-storied building is coming up at Kasba, Kolkata \u00b7 ICAI is voluntarily undertaking important projects with different ministries \u00b7 The body has also made a proposal to make financial information available in the public domain \u00b7 ICAI has approached capital market regulator Sebi and proposed that ICAI can act as an extended arm of the Sebi in monitoring market intermediaries like brokers, merchant bankers, depositories, clearing corporations, MFs, etc \u00b7 With a view to converge with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), ICAI had formulated Indian Accounting Standards (Ind ASs), which were approved by the NACAS and, thereafter, by the ministry of corporate affairs (MCA). These Ind ASs have been placed on the MCA website. However, the date when these standards will come into force is yet to be notified by the ministry. To remain at par with the IFRSs that are being revised and new IFRSs being issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), the institute has initiated the process of revising the existing Ind ASs and issuing new Ind ASs in convergence with the new/ revised IFRSs.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13479843", "title": "Oriental food fest at Zodiac, Kolkata", "text": "To celebrate Kolkata's eternal love for Chinese cuisine, Zodiac, the multi cuisine restaurant at Fortune Select Loudon, relives the heydays of China Town cuisine in Kolkata - delicacies that have grown to be a veritable part of the Indian heritage.The 11-day food fiesta starting from May 25 until June 4 - Down Memory Lane - fondly recollects and promises exquisite Mandarin or Hakka , Cantonese, Szechwan and Hunan delicacies from Kolkata's China Town to treat city gastronomes. Speaking on this occasion, Amitava Guha Thakurta, general manager, Fortune Select Loudon, says, \"Kolkata gourmands love eating out and Chinese happens to be their alltime-favourite cuisine. At this food fest, Kolkatans will be treated to authentic Indo-Chinese cuisines amidst plush surroundings, all to make the dining experience one to reckon with.\" The lavish lunch and dinner a la carte experience will boast of a wide selection of appetizers to choose from including Fire Cracker Prawns, Nan King Lamb, Fu Chou Soup, Princess Chuk, Dragon Balls, Fried Wanton and Hawker's Soup, among others. The main spread , with its aromatic flavours of Indo-Chinese cuisines, is set to surprise Kolkatans with a fine melange of vegetarian and non vegetarian specialties like Pan Fried Noodles, Burnt Garlic Chilli Noodles, Kung Pao Chicken, Chow Chow Rice and the famed Tangy Fish to name a few. With food fests in Kolkata usually culminating in a 'sweet ending', Zodiac will make sure to treat Kolkatans with dollops of its signature Caramelized Crispsy Lychees with icecream. Zodiac, with the heritage and history of China blended with the taste of India is the place to be season. The food fest is on from May 25 through June 4. Lunch timings are 12.30 pm to 3.30 pm and dinner timings are 7.30 pm to 11 pm. Pocket pinch for two: 1,500 plus taxes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13465494", "title": "Bihar education minister calls for long-term planning in education", "text": "PATNA: Education minister P K Shahi has called for long-term planning in Education and rethinking on the education system in the country. Ridiculing the successive education ministers at the Centre, he said \"the governments at the Centre are in the habit of making abrupt changes in education\", and added that there should be continuity in education planning.Shahi was speaking to mediapersons after conclusion of a daylong workshop on 'Skill Development Initiatives and Vocational Training' organized by the Bihar Board of Open Schooling and Examination, an autonomous body of the state education department.He said he was not against the concept of community college but favoured strengthening of government polytechnics and Industrial Training Institutes. Shahi, who was member of an Indian delegation of state education ministers that visited the US early this month to study the system of community colleges there, said the concept was very good but it could not be applicable in poor states like Bihar due to resource constraints. \"It would be a better idea to strengthen government polytechnics and ITIs and include humanities as subjects there,\" he said.Regarding Sarva Siksha Abhiyan (SSA), he said last year the Centre sanctioned Rs 11,000 crore to the state but it got only Rs 1,900 crore. This year again, the Centre has allocated Rs 11,000 crore. The Centre doesn't have enough funds to make allocations of this order to a state since it has a budget of Rs 25,000 crore only for SSA, he added.At the workshop, held on the Bihar Chamber of Commerce premises, discussions were held with government agencies and representatives of private companies for linking distance education with vocational skill development. \"We want to set up skill centres not only to impart training but also to synergize with theoretical knowledge,\" Shahi said.He added that in apparel sector alone, 3.6 lakh Bihari tailors were working outside the state. Similarly, more than 5 lakh Bihari drivers were working in other states. Several companies have expressed their interest in joining the government initiative on skill development, which would benefit a big population, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13467773", "title": "Kids face first hurdle, schools reject forms", "text": "BANGALORE: \"We knew this was not going to work. Forget free education, our children are not treated well even after we pay a huge sum of our hard-earned money to these schools as tuition fees,\" cried Catherine H, a resident of Ambedkarnagar slum in Frazer town and the mother of six-year-old Vishal, whose admission form was rejected by one of the private schools in the city.It was a distressful day for many parents on Thursday after St Aloysius High School in Frazer Town, a minority-aided institution, rejected all applications received from the slum dwellers of Ambedkarnagar slum. Seven children, who submitted the form to seek admission under the RTE quota, returned empty-handed. The school features on the list of the institutions that come under the purview of RTE.\"We had doubts since day one. When people are not accepting us before the admission, what will happen over the period of eight years?\" asked Sarvana R, another parent from the slum.The admission forms were submitted on Tuesday morning, but all applications stand rejected on Thursday, as the school cited its minority status for denying the entry.\"When we went to the school today to know the status of our admission forms, the headmistress informed us that all applications have been rejected. She said that she had not received the orders, and that being a minority institution, they won't accept applications,\" said Yasir Ahmed, a social worker, coordinating the process.When contacted, the school authorities chose to keep mum over the issue. \"I have no prior information. Nobody came to me for admission,\" said Fr Martin Anthony, principal, St Aloysius High School.Reach out to BEOsAccording to Ashwath Narayan Gowda, Block Education Officer, North 3, it's not only St Aloysius High School, but many schools in the city stand accused of flouting the RTE rules. \"We have received many complaints of this nature. Necessary action will be initiated against these schools if needed. But as far as the admission forms are concerned, parents can submit them to the BEOs of the respective areas. We will forward the forms to the respective schools, starting May 26,\" said Ashwath Narayan Gowda.Strike comes in wayWith the last day to submit the admission forms being May 25, parents are finding it difficult to get the caste and income certificates from the Nemmadi centres which are on strike. We went to get the income and caste certificates to be submitted with the admission form but could not get them owing to the strike. Yet, we will go ahead and submit the admission forms,\" said Geeta S, a parent.On their part, BEOs have instructed schools not to reject application forms for want of caste certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "13461608", "title": "Hike to hit Gujarat government too", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Not just the common man, the Gujarat government will also bear the brunt of soaring petrol prices.The state government has about 21,000 vehicles in its possession, and of this nearly half of them run on petrol.Of these petrol vehicles, nearly 7,000 are motorbikes with the policemen, the remaining 4,000 are four-wheelers. \"Of the 4,000 cars run on petrol, we have converted nearly 40 per cent to CNG,\" a senior official at Sachivalaya said.\"CNG-run vehicles are mainly with ministers, secretaries and high-level officials in major cities like Gandhinagar, Ahmedabad, Surat, Vadodara and Rajkot, where CNG stations are available. These vehicles run on CNG when in town, but run on petrol when the ministers and officials go to districts.''District-level officials, including policemen, mostly use diesel-run four-wheelers, mainly jeeps. \"This is also true of office vehicles, which generally run on diesel,\" the official, adding, \"While we can say that the state coffers would have to cough up a higher amount for running the petrol vehicles, it is impossible to say what the amount would be, as each department keeps a separate account.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13459577", "title": "Facelift for Unani hospital, finally?", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Government Nizamia General Hospital in Charminar is finally set to get a new lease of life, almost a year after renovation works were formally inaugurated. A comprehensive survey of the hospital complex has begun, indicating that works on the ground may follow in the coming months.The Government Nizamia General Hospital (also known as the Charminar Dawakhana) was built in 1938 by the last Nizam Mir Osman Ali Khan, an ardent believer in Unani system of medicine himself. That such was the legacy of this Greeco-Arabic system of medicine in the city is belied by the condition of the hospital building.The massive increase in traffic flow around the heritage structure in the past few years coupled with official neglect in controlling the air and noise pollution has resulted in deterioration of the hospital building. The parking facility which has been functioning from the hospital premises for decades has further worsened the matter. The constant din of noise and pollution also affect the patients.But the crumbling condition of the structure and the threat it poses became glaringly real when a woman was killed last June after a part of a minaret on the Ayurveda building (extension of the Unani hospital) collapsed. This incident happened barely a fortnight after the chief minister had laid the foundation stone inaugurating renovation works to the tune of Rs 3.5 crore. The works did not start as the officials maintained that tender process for selecting a firm was underway.It is learnt that city based Kshetra Consultants, which was involved in the restoration of Madina-Pathergatti stretch, has been roped in to survey the heritage complex in order to chalk out a restoration plan. GSV Suryanarayana Murthy, who heads the firm, said that the measurements and mapping of the building have started. In the coming days, the firm will draw detailed technical plans for the structure.\"The condition of the heritage building apart, major problems have come up in the way of maintaining the integrity of the structure. Some structures have been built towards the back-side of the hospital building which disturb the symmetry of the historic structures,\" he said. These new constructions were undertaken almost a decade ago to accommodate the growing Unani College. Murthy also mentioned that the presence of the parking lot on the premises was making the surroundings cluttered and prevented visitors at Charminar or Mecca Masjid from getting an eyeful of the building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13463303", "title": "Protest across coastal region against hike in petrol price", "text": "MANGALORE: The UPA government's move to hand down a Rs 8.25 hike in petrol price to mark its third anniversary has not gone down well with motorists of Mangalore and Udupi. While leaders of BJP led by Nalin Kumar Kateel, MP staged a protest in front of the deputy commissioner's office in Mangalore, Udupi saw a novel protest by activist Nithyanand Volakadu who carried a motorcycle strung in between a pole. ABVP activists took to the streets within hours of TV news channels flashing the news. The hike also triggered a beeline of two and four-wheelers to petrol bunks across the city in a last-minute-bid to tank up before the hike. Unable to meet the demand, petrol bunk staff resorted to rationing and this lead to exchanges between vehicle owners and bunk staff. Most bunks in city that usually operate late in the night downed shutters around 9.15pm claiming they were out of stock. A few petrol bunks insisted that customers pay in cash only and refused to accept credit cards, adding to misery of motorists who had to scout for a nearby ATM. Long queues outside petrol bunks were a common site except at Vishnu Enterprises outlet of IOC at Panambur which sells only branded and not ordinary petrol. The latest revision of petrol prices means motorists now have to shell out Rs 80.68 per litre at IOC and BPCL outlets and Rs 80.69 at HPCL outlets. Branded MS of HPCL (Power)is now priced at Rs 83.44 (Rs 75.19). BPCL (Speed) will now cost Rs 83.30 (Rs 75.05) and IOC (Xtra Premium) at Rs 83.18 (Rs 74.93). In the temple town of Udupi, ordinary petrol is nine paise costlier than the rates prevalent in Mangalore due to transportation costs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13460519", "title": "School bus panels in place, but not as per rules", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though many schools in the city have formed transport committees, their constitution is not as per provisions of the Maharashtra Motor Vehicle (MV) Rules, 2011. The main reason behind this is lack of clarity among school directors and principals regarding the rules.Director of Tuli Public School, Urvashi Yashroy, said, \"The school has Devendra Singh as in charge of transport and coordination among teachers, drivers and conductors. But we still have to form a committee according to the rules. For the time being, we have one teacher in every bus to take care of the children.\"The government has laid down rules but failed to elucidate or explain the rules in a proper manner. Neeru Kapai, principal of Modern School, Koradi branch, said, \"Our school has a committee with Nandlal Choudhari as in charge but it is not set up as per the rules. When we are able to attain clear and specific guidelines regarding the rules, we will form a proper committee.\"On the other hand, Mukta Chatterjee, principal of Center Point School, Wardhaman Nagar branch, said, \"Our buses are running according to the rules and we are following all regulations.\"Director of South Point School and Royal Gondwana School, Devendra Dasture, said, \"We have no such committee but one person is in charge of all transport related issues. We are not aware of the rules but we will try to form a committee as per the guidelines.\"Jayashri Bhake, principal of Raisoni Vidyaniketan, Hingna road, also said, \"We have a centralized transport committee led by a person who has been a member of the RTO.\"However, principal of Delhi Public School Akhilesh Chandra Chaturvedi was not aware of the provisions of MV Rules, 2011. \"We have a committee consisting of the principal, teachers and transport in charges. We also have a list of students and their contact numbers, but we do not know that an RTO and education officer is mandatory in the committee. We will include such persons shortly,\" he said.Sources in RTO informed that the government had already decided to set up a 'special district school bus safety committee' headed by the police commissioner and other members including ZP chief executive officer and municipal commissioner. This panel will monitor issues related to safety of schoolchildren during travel. In rural areas, the superintendent of police (SP) will head the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13473820", "title": "Straight from the heart", "text": "KOLKATA: On May 7 2012, on the eve of Tagore's 150th birth anniversary, the British Council in association with Sampad, Birmingham launched Inspired by Tagore, a compilation of entries from nearly 37 countries that came in for Inspired by Tagore International Writing Competition at the British Council. Actor Victor Banerjee and Guy Hutchins, a theatre personality from UK, graced the occasion.The British Council launched the 'Inspired by Tagore' writing competition on May 9 2011 as part of its Tagore Transition projects. A national quiz in collaboration with Penguin and an inter-school drama festival in collaboration with Central School of Speech and Drama and Prabha Khaitan foundation were the other key milestones of the project.The writing competition had an overwhelming response of nearly 1400 entries from across 37 countries - all of whom wrote their pieces, after research and inspiration from the great world poet. Finally, 300 entries went into the publication.The evening began with a creative composition of world music that had elements of Afro, Philippino, Persian, Kenyan and Rabindrasangeet woven together harmoniously. Guy Hutchins, writer and storyteller from Moby Duck Theatre Company, UK also performed his own works as a tribute to Tagore. Actor Victor Banerjee launched the book and together they gave away prizes to the outstanding entries from the eastern zone.The most outstanding entries for the under 16 section went to Tirthankar Ghosh, 12, for his piece 'The Tumultuous Journey' and Batul Pipewallah, 44, in the above 16 section for her contribution 'Hide and Seek'. Around 35 others were also awarded for their contributions.Speaking on the occasion, Actor Victor Banerjee said, \"Tagore almost invented the term multiculturalism. It's good to see it taking form.\"\"I was star struck when I read some of the entries. They were so beautiful and mesmerising! Their writings, just like Tagore's work, were straight from the heart . It was a very personal experience to have read their stories, been touched by them and now reward them and meet them in person here,\" said Guy Hutchins towards the end of the programme.The book is now available in all British Council libraries across India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13463564", "title": "Nemmadi Kendras witness huge rush", "text": "HUBLI: When computer operators of Nemmadi Kendras in the twin cities called off their two-day strike on Thursday and resumed work, hundreds of people thronged the Kendras to get their work done. The strike had badly hit the services of the centres in Hubli and Dharwad, putting people to hardship.Nemmadi Kendras were overcrowded on Thursday with people in a hurry to get caste and other certificates, especially this being the admission season. The two-day strike has caused a great deal of inconvenience for people who wanted to get various certificates for employment and admission reasons. Kumar Navalgund, who was at the centre to apply for income and caste certificates was anxious as the last date for his son's school admission is June 10 and its takes about 15 days to get the certificates after submitting documents at the Kendra. \"I am worried whether I will get the certificates on time,\" he told TOI.Though the district administration had made arrangement for manual issuance of certificates at the tahshildar's office, not many were aware of it. DC Darpan Jain said the arrangement was made to reduce people's miseries. But to many people like Giridhar Devate, a resident of Chitnichaal, who was waiting to get caste and income certificates for employment purpose, this stop-gap arrangement was known. \"I am waiting since the last three days to submit documents,\" he said.Computer operators of Nemmadi Kendras went on strike on May 22 and 23, demanding job security and salary hike. They came back to work on Thursday after they were assured of a meeting with the chief minister and the labour commissioner on May 25. \"If our demands are not met, we will begin indefinite strike again,\" said an employee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "13461715", "title": "Jipmer to rejig curriculum, seeks Rs 1,389 crore", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: Jawaharlal Institute of Postgraduate Medical Education and Research (Jipmer) has decided to redesign its curriculum at undergraduate and postgraduate levels.Jipmer director T S Ravikumar told reporters on Thursday that the institute has sought 1,389 crore from the Planning Commission under the 12th five-year plan to establish various infrastructure facilities, modernise existing facilities, improve healthcare quality, ensure patient safety and launch new institutes and schools.Dr K Balachandar, head of cardiology, Jipmer, said the institution will soon launch a school of public health, institute of pharmacy, dental college and an exclusive center for research and learning. While outlining the proposals under the next five year plan, he said work on three projects, which were launched at an estimated cost of 253.83 crore during the 11th five year plan, will continue for next five years.The projects include institute's modernisation, renovation of old buildings, launch of electronic health record system, expansion of super specialty blocks with transplantation centres and new surgical units.Jipmer, which started offering advanced facilities like renal transplantations, will soon offer liver and other organ transplantation procedures.Ravikumar said the institute has collaborated with foreign and Indian institutes besides faculty and students exchange programmes under Fulbright scholarships.The institute has also proposed to collaborate with Indian Institute of Technologies and Sastra University to offer programmes in nanotechnology. Jipmer dean Dr KS Reddy said the intramural research grant has been enhanced from 1 crore to 3.25 crore for the financial year 2012-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13479352", "title": "Nagarjuna and Dasarath Movie's Shoot starts from June", "text": "King Nagarjuna's new movie under Dasarath's direction is likely to start in the 3rd week of June. The actor is once again pairing up with southern beauty Nayanathara in this film which is tentatively tiled \"Love Story\".Sources close to the director indicate that the unit is currently scouting for locations and the shooting is expected to begin around June 16. Produced by D. Siva Prasad Reddy under Kamakshi Movies banner, this romantic entertainer has already completed its pooja formalities some time back at the production house and is now gearing for shooting the itineraries. SS Thaman is scoring the music.This is the second time Nagarjuna is working with Dasarath after nearly a gap of 10 years as the duo earlier worked for super hit film \"Santhosham\". Meanwhile, director Dasharath's last outing was the super hit \"Mr. Perfect\", which is also a youthful and family entertainer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13460301", "title": "Woman gets life term for murder", "text": "PUNE: Additional sessions judge V K Shewale on Wednesday sentenced a construction labourer, Sakina Khan (27), to life imprisonment along with a fine of Rs 1,000 for killing her husband Mohsin Shaikh (28) in 2010. The incident had taken place at their residence in a labour camp at Bhosalenagar, Hadapsar, in 2010.The prosecution's case was that Sakina killed her husband as she suspected him of having an illicit relationship with another woman. Sakina had attacked Mohsin with a knife and used a stone to kill him.The incident came to light around 10 am on October 8, 2010, when Arvind Bhosale, who had given the couple the room, found the door locked from outside. Bhosale opened the door and found Mohsin had been murdered. The police had recovered a knife and a big stone from the crime scene.Sakina, who had gone absconding after the incident, surrendered before the Jalgaon police, the prosecution said.Additional public prosecutor Kashinath Dighe examined 12 witnesses to prove the guilt of the accused. Inspector Vishwamber Golde of Hadapsar police station investigated the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13485336", "title": "Queen names puppy Gryffindor inspired by Harry Potter", "text": "The Queen has drawn inspiration from Harry Potter books and named a litter of her breeding puppies after characters from the hugely successful children's books .A Labrador was named Gryffindor, the house the boy wizard belongs to at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.His name was chosen by the Queen who also personally names all of the puppies currently being bred at Sandringham Estate, the Queen's country retreat in Norfolk.The kennels, established by Edward VII in 1879 to house 100 dogs, are now home to some 20 gundogs, labradors and cocker spaniels of variety of ages, the Daily Telegraph reported.The 86 year-old is currently breeding and working cocker spaniels, which she is said to value for their ability to retrieve game from difficult and dense cover.The revelations were made by Country Life magazine, during an interview with the Queen's kennelman at Sandringham, Alan Goodship, 54 and Bill Meldrum, the Queen's retired gun dog trainer and former head keeper.The Queen rarely becomes involved with training nowadays but she \"still works her dogs at every opportunity\", it reported.But while the corgis remain synonymous with the Royal Household, she also has equal devotion to gundogs.\"Her Majesty is a real countrywoman,\" Meldrum told the magazine.Goodship, appointed to the role in 2004 after a 30-year career as a beatkeeper on the estate, said he took his privileged role seriously.\"It's an honour. I've always enjoyed them since I worked with Bill Meldrum when I was a boy,\" Goodship said.The Queen's \"picking-up\" ability is apparently known around the estate.She often collects four dogs, usually three Labradors and a cocker, from the kennels on the morning of a shoot day before loading them in the back of her Range Rover, to join the picking-up teams.\"She was, and still is in my opinion, a very good handler who has a great knowledge of what a dog should do,\" Meldrum said.Meldrum was appointed in 1964, after the Queen saw him competing two years earlier at the 1962 Retriever Championship.The pair then \"set out to bring new blood into the kennels and began a breeding programme\".During his 50-year tenure he achieved the Queen's ambition to own a field-trial champion on five occasions - with Sherry of Biteabout, Sandringham Salt, Sandringham Ranger, Sandringham Slipper and Sandringham Sydney , who was so named because he was born when the Queen was in Australia.\"He was a really good dog, who loved to be handled and knew when he was being watched - he was so stylish,\" Meldrum said about Sydney.The Queen's well-documented love-affair with dogs started from a young age.As a young princess, she was given her first dog, a Cairn terrier , at the age of three by her uncle, the Prince of Wales .Her rapport with the pets was further bolstered in 1933 when her father, three years before he became King George VI, introduced a corgi, Dookie, into the household.It then mated with a bitch called Jane, to father two puppies born one Christmas Eve, whom she named Carol and Crackers.For her 18th birthday, The Queen was given a Corgi named Susan from whom numerous successive dogs were bred.At present the Queen owns three Pembroke Welsh corgis called Monty, Willow and Holly, who are all descended from Susan.Over time some Corgis were mated with dachshunds, mostly notably Pipkin, who belonged to Princess Margaret , to create \"Dorgis\". Her three Dorgis are called Cider, Candy and Vulcan.Royal aides say that the corgis travel with her to the various residences and she looks after them herself as much as possible given her busy schedule.When she lives at Buckingham Palace, the corgis and dorgis sleep in raised wicker baskets in a special boot room near the royal apartments, where they \"wander freely\".When the Queen is being fitted for a dress, she carries a special magnet to pick up the pins to save the corgis pricking their paws.The Corgis popularity with the public has been boosted in her Diamond Jubilee year, the Kennel Club reported after a long period of ''worrying decline''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13459379", "title": "Now, office space set to get a green touch", "text": "KOLKATA: Office space is set to be redefined when the first corporate park with first biophylic architecture in India becomes functional in a couple of years. In the proposed office-cum-hotel complex along the Eastern Metropolitan Bypass near Ruby Hospital, the essence will be greenery on a vertical plane as cantilever terraces connect offices to greenery at all levels. The Rs 150 crore project spread with a built-up area of 4 lakh square feet will boast of nearly 170 trees at various levels.The Gold Green-rated LEED certified work space and hotel facility, BioWonder has been architecturally designed keeping the green quotient in mind. \"There will be green space on every floor. Each working space will have open ventilation that will allow employees to breathe fresh air,\" chief architect Vivek Rathode said. He designed BioWonder with initiatives to keep the environment positive quotient high - ensuring light and pollution management, recycle of waste water energy, promotion of biodiversity, reduction of inorganics, energy conservation and harnessing of solar energy.\"What was foremost in our mind was how can architecture be connected to people, performance and profits? In conventional offices, we work in detached environments where there is no link with greenery. One works under artificial light with no knowledge of when day turns to night. At BioWonder, people will be in touch with nature and know when spring arrives and flowers blossom. In the building, 90% of the floor plate will receive natural light,\" Rathode explained.The architect says working in a biophylic building can make a lot of difference as people are continually connected to the outdoor, not severed from it. \"Genetically, humans have evolved through outdoor activity over thousands of years. It is only in the past 100 years that we have got confined indoors. This has led to several problems that ranges from declining sperm count to rising suicide rates. I am convinced that a healthy work environment can make a lot of difference,\" he said. Even at the 115 key ITC Fortune Select hotel in the 2.25 acre sit, 40% rooms will have private pocket greens.While several green buildings have already been constructed in the country, Akshay Pasari, director of Pasari group that is developing BioWonder, said the building would not just look after the well-being of those who worked in the facility but contribute to the neighbourhood's positive environment as well.\"Most people make a green building and forget about the environment outside. Green buildings reflect all the heat outside, leading to heat islands. We will ensure that our building reduces heat and it will happen naturally. We intend to handle the outside environment through a sustainable biological relationship between human architecture and nature. The building will literally be a vertical park. The site will have as many trees as the plot could have accommodated had it been a forest land. Only, the much of it will be on a vertical plane. There will be trees and shrubs on cantilever terraces,\" Pasari added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13463764", "title": "Institutions are trivialising education: Subroto Bagchi", "text": "Co-founder and Chairman of MindTree, a leading software services company, and author of best-sellers, Subroto Bagchi is among the few success stories from Odisha. Straddling the worlds of a hardcore corporate professional and that of a writer, Bagchi says it's a good time to be in the IT industry and the future for the eastern state lies in what is being referred to as the 'creative economy'. In a freewheeling chat with Sandeep Mishra, the Bengaluru-based Bagchi says it was his responsibility to create 'intellectual infrastructure' for the next generation through writing.Q-Being a corporate bigwig, what prompted you to take to writing?A-When I grew up in Odisha, the idea of writing was a respected one. Unlike now when playing cricket fetches you recognition, young children writing a good essay used to get appreciation then. Early on, I used to contribute for a publication called 'Youth Times' and even earned up to Rs 40 a piece. That was then a big deal and that is how my interest in writing evolved. Information Technology is a thinking industry and people who are part of it, are willing to read. A writer initially looks for positive affirmation and I got from my I-T colleagues when I started writing columns for newspapers/magazines. It was a flattering experience, but gradually it became a responsibility. I realized I could create 'intellectual infrastructure' for the next generation through writing.Q-Tell us something about your graduation from writing columns to books.A-It was after a publisher friend approached me to write a book on setting up a business that I lapped up the idea and wrote 'The High Performance Entrepreneur' around seven years ago. It was successful and translated into several languages. My next book 'Go Kiss the World' was based on my experiences of growing up in small-town Odisha; it is an inspirational book for young Indians, especially those from small towns and rural areas, to work on their strengths and achieve their goals. The 'Professional', focusing on what is means to be a professional, followed. These three books are a trilogy of sorts.Q-What inspired you to write your latest book, 'MBA at 16'?A-The idea is to introduce 16-year-olds, who after 4 to 5 years would be charting their professional courses, the world of business. It is not a textbook, but something more palatable akin to a Harry Potter book which takes you to a world of fantasy and from where you will return more informed and inquisitive. The book is meant to give access to teenagers to information about the world of business that is not biased. This is imperative because people either have a 'I, me, myself' view of private jets, oak-panelled boardrooms and helipads atop 28-storey buildings on businesses, while others consider all businesses as bad, anti-sustainability and profit-making at the expense of others.Q-How did you go about writing the book?A-In 2010, I had completed half of the draft for the book when I realized I was doing a fundamental mistake: I had not interacted with anyone in their mid-teens for over a decade. Our younger daughter had left home 11 years ago. I needed to know what today's 16-year-olds want before I write a book for them. That is when I requested two schools to allow me to work with teenagers. We conducted a programme 'Business with Bagchi' spread over four weekends for 31 schoolchildren in Bengaluru in January 2011. Thereafter, I threw away my old manuscript and wrote the book afresh.Q-Is the book aimed at drawing kids to the world of business?A-No. It is about explaining to children that business is an important force. Whatever they become in life, be it policymakers, journalists, green activists, judges or corporate guys, they need to know about business. This is of huge national interest. Whether you are in business or not you are a consumer. Today a judge cannot deliver a verdict on 3G spectrum sale without understanding business. That is raison d'etre of 'MBA at 16'.Q-You were born and brought up in Odisha, how have your writings been received in your state?A-My works have been translated into other Indian languages and even to Korean and Chinese, but unfortunately sharing with Odisha has not happened much. Which is why, I am keen that boys and girls in Odisha should read my books, especially the latest one. I would be happy if someone renders my works into Odia.Q-But you have a translator at your home (his wife Susmita is a noted Odia author)?A-Laughs....yes, but she keeps busy with her work. A lot of literary stuff gets translated into Odia, not the type of books I write.Q-Now, tell us about the IT industry. Is the sector facing tough times?A-Overall it is a good time to be in the industry. It's a $90 to $100 billion industry in India and NASSCOM predicts three-fold growth in eight years. Even if there is two-fold growth during the next eight years, it will be something we have seen very few times in history.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13461681", "title": "In CBSE X, many score perfect 10", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As the Central Board of Secondary Education results for class X were announced on Thursday, confusion and suspense gave way to relief and cheer. The results were first available via SMS, and then were uploaded on the board's website.Various CBSE schools across the city have registered excellent results, with several students scoring 10/10 cumulative grade point average (CGPA).The maximum of 364 children appeared for the class X exam at Delhi Public School (Bopal). As many as 62 of them secured perfect 10 CGPA. Sixteen scored 9.8, and 24 secured 9.6. The school's principal, Kulbhushan Kain, said: \"The result is very encouraging and in accordance with our expectations. In all, 142 students have scored above 87 per cent.\" Only 24 students had appeared for the board-conducted exam, he added.Thirty-six students of 135 students scored 10 CGPA at Udgam School for Children. The principal of the institution, Radhika Iyer, said: \"Around 50 students had appeared for the board exam and 82 for the school exam. Eighteen students each secured full CGPA in board and school exam.\"While at Rachana School, of 84 students who had appeared for the exam, 12 secured full CGPA.The scene was no different at Maharaja Agrasen Vidyalaya, where around 12 students secured full CGPA. While at St Kabir's Drive-in branch, around 190 students had appeared for the exam and five secured full CGPA.Around 145 students had appeared for the exam at Kendriya Vidhyalaya (cantonment) and 143 cleared the exam and two students got EIOP (eligible for improvement of performance) grade. And four students got full CGPA. Since the results came late, schools had a tough time in compiling the figures and some were still waiting for the mail from the board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "13462878", "title": "Indian set to be freed from Pak jail after 30 years", "text": "AMRITSAR: After languishing for 30 years in Lahore's Kot Lakhpat jail in Pakistan, Indian national Surjeet Singh is set to return home to Ferozepur in Punjab in a week's time.Human rights activist and Pakistani advocate Awais Sheikh told TOI on Thursday the decision to repatriate Singh was taken at a meeting of Pakistan Punjab's home department in Lahore on Wednesday. Sheikh, who is also a counsel of another Indian on death row in Pakistan Sarabjit Singh , said Pakistan would send Singh back in a week's time.Surjeet Singh was arrested in 1982 on charges of spying and was given the death sentence by the commanding officer of the 106 Brigade Headquarter, Lahore, Cantt.Surjit had also given a mercy petition to the chief of army staff but that was rejected. Later, the then president of Pakistan Ghulam Ishaque Khan on December 8, 1988 had converted his death sentence into life imprisonment following an announcement of general amnesty by the government.Paving the way for his release, Punjab government in Pakistan early this month had informed the Lahore high court that Surjeet had completed his term and would be released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13460934", "title": "Chennai secures top spot in Class X results", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chennai region emerges on top in the Class X CBSE results declared on Thursday, pushing last year's top region Patna to second. Meanwhile, this year's result witnessed a new high with the pass percentage peaking at 98.19 up by 1.58% from that of 2011. The number of students scoring a perfect 10 the Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) - which is A1 grade in all subjects has increased by 20,000 this year. Girls continue to outshine boys with a better pass percentage.Chennai recorded a pass percentage of 99.45, followed by Patna with 99.21 and Ajmer with 99.15. Girls recorded a pass percentage of 98.48, 0.5% ahead of boys. In all 11,79,182 students registered for the exams this year, there is an increase of about 11% from that of last year. Institution wise Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalayas and Kendriya Vidyalayas continue to lead with pass percentage of 99.58 and 99.36 respectively, as government schools witnessed a marginal drop to 97.71 from 97.85 in 2011.With the CBSE replacing the marks system with grades in Class X under the CCE scheme, the CGPA and A1 grades have become the new parameters for quality of results. And the top five schools this year are SBOA School and Junior College, Annanagar, Chennai; Amity International, Sector 44, Noida; Sachdeva Public School, Sector 13, Rohini, Delhi; DPS R K Puram, Delhi; DAV Public School, Sector 6, Cuttack; and DPS Bokaro in decending order. Of the total 10,975 schools, at least one student in 7,137 schools has scored 10 CGPA. While 68,431 students scored 10 CGPA up from 48,025 in 2011, 2.3 lakh scored 9 CGPA and above.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13477339", "title": "Work on AIIMS II project likely to begin on May 30", "text": "ROHTAK: The work on the prestigious project of setting up AIIMS- II is likely to start after a wait of over three years at Badsha village in Jhajjar district.Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad would lay foundation stone of an Outreach Out Patient Department (OOPD) on May 30. Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda would also be present on the occasion.The Centre had decided to set up an AIIMS like institute in the national capital region (NCR) three years ago. However, after hectic lobbying by UP and Haryana, the site near the Delhi-Haryana border in Badsha village was okayed where Haryana made over 300 acres land available for this project. The project will entail an investment of about Rs 1,000 croreAccording to information, the fully air-conditioned OOPD has been planned to handle about 1000 patients per day as an interim measure for the intervening period till the coming up of the AIIMS II campus.Rohtak MP Deepender Singh Hooda who was instrumental in getting the premier institute for the state informed that an outreach OPD facility is expected to be completed very soon. \"Total estimated area of the OOPD is about 4500 square metres, where various departments including General Medicine, Orthopaedics, Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Paediatrics, Ophthalmology, ENT, Psychiatry, Dermatology, Dietician, General Surgery besides diagnostic facilities, immunization and laboratories would be set up\", the MP said.The AIIMS-II campus would house National Cancer Institute , OPD complex, Centre for Geriatrics, 500 bedded General Hospital and a number of other specialty centres, he added.Hooda said that the AIIMS-II campus would be initiated in the current Five Year Plan and a makeshift OPD has been proposed to be constructed as an interim measure for the intervening period till coming up of the campus. The MP also urged the Union health ministry to open a nursing school near Sondhi in Jhajjar district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13465052", "title": "Ghulam Nabi Azad visits party office", "text": "PATNA: Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad, during his visit to the state capital on Thursday, went to Bihar Pradesh Congress Committee headquarters Sadaquat Ashram and met state Congress president Mehboob Ali Kaiser and other Congressmen.Azad suggested to them to convene a meeting of block-level Congress leaders, in which five leaders from each block would give feedback on centrally-sponsored schemes to Union ministers.He said this would help block-level leaders to become aware of the centrally-sponsored schemes, and they could pass on the information to village-level leaders,.He told the state Congress leaders to work in tandem with loyal party workers and respect their views for promoting the party's interest in Bihar.He also called upon the party workers to work hard and spread the party's mass base.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-25"}
