{"city": "margao", "code": "12711854", "title": "Curchorem-Sanvordem riot accused acquitted", "text": "MARGAO: The sessions court at Margao on Tuesday acquitted, for lack of evidence, all 40 accused, including two BJP leaders, who faced trial for their alleged involvement in communal riots that rocked Curchorem-Sanvordem in March 2006.BJP office bearers Satish Dhond and Sharmad Raiturcar and other accused were charged with unlawful assembly, mischief and criminal trespass.Exonerating the accused, judge Vijaya Pol observed that the prosecution failed to establish the individual role played by the accused. She stated that merely being a member of the assembly, didn't establish their crime.The acquittal was arrived at on four major points of reasoning. Pol, while delivering the judgment, said the prosecution primarily failed to establish that any of the accused were present in the unlawful assembly.\"Secondly,\" Pol observed in the judgment, \"the prosecution could not prove, beyond reasonable doubt, the act or commission on the part of the accused which would make him a member of the unlawful assembly.\"She further said: \"Thirdly, except a bare statement, no proof is produced on record to show that any person was injured in any stone pelting incident. Fourthly, nothing is produced on record to show that any vehicle/property of the members of the Muslim community or any other vehicle/property was damaged in this regard...nor any damaged property/vehicle is attached under panchanama, no medical/hurt certificate is produced on record to show that any person was injured in the incident, and no person from the Muslim community stepped into the witness box to depose that his/her property and/or vehicle was damaged in the incident.\"During the hearing of the case, the prosecution alleged that on March 3, 2006, between 4.30pm and 9.30pm, the accused, armed with deadly weapons, and with a common intention, formed an unlawful assembly at Cariamoddi area and incited the public against the Muslim community.The accused pelted stones at the masjid at Cariamoddi and blocked the Sanguem-Sanvordem road obstructing the movement of Muslims. Subsequently, they set fire to vehicles on the roadside and damaged a petrol pump belonging to a Muslim at Sanvordem, the prosecution said.The prosecution stated that the mob targeted establishments belonging to the Muslim community and set them on fire after criminally trespassing into these. The mob further assaulted police personnel at the spot and prevented them from discharging their duties. The incident took place after the demolition of an illegal mosque at Guddemol-Curchorem sparked off communal riots.The riots had rocked Goa as it was the first time communal fights had erupted in the state.The police had initially chargesheeted 37 people accused in the riots and later filed an additional chargesheet against seven more, including Dhond and Raiturcar. During the course of the trial, charges framed against four others-Sukhiram Tari, Prasad Naik, Amar Naik and Sandip Dessai-were dropped. During the course of the trial, the court ordered deletion of Section 153-A of the IPC slapped against the accused on grounds that the Curchorem police had failed to obtain the mandatory prior sanction from the government before chargesheeting the accused in the case under Section 153-A of the IPC.Section 153-A of the IPC deals with the offence of promoting communal disharmony amongst various sections of the society. The law mandates the investigating agency to seek prior permission from the government before filing the chargesheet.While lawyer Amey Prabhudesai represented Dhond and Raiturcar, the other accused were represented by Alban Viegas. Public prosecutor Subhash Desai argued on behalf of the prosecution.Raiturcar, speaking to media persons after the judgment said truth had finally prevailed. \"My acquittal by the court has vindicated my stand that the charges against me were politically motivated. I was falsely implicated in the case,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12711586", "title": "\u00a310k for grass with Gandhi blood", "text": "LONDON: A pinch of soil and blood-stained blades of grass from the place where Mahatma Gandhi was assassinated in 1948 was sold today for 10,000 pounds at an auction here.The auction also saw many other Gandhi memorabilia going under the hammer including his iconic round-rimmed glasses that fetched far more than the estimated price.In all, the Gandhi-related items fetched over 100,000 pounds in the auction by the Shropshire-based auctioneer, Mullock's.The memorabilia included a pair of Gandhi's round-rimmed glasses, 'charkha', a 10 inch 78 rpm Columbia disc of Gandhi giving his spiritual message signed by him, and original photographs of Gandhi visiting London in 1931.Also in the collection sold were letters in English by Gandhi to Raghavan, Sgt N E R Poduwal in Rangoon , letters by Gandhi in Gujarati and a prayer book in Gujarati.The pair of Gandhi's glasses had a guide price of 10,000 pounds but sold for 34,000 pounds.Kevin Bland, financial controller at Mullock's, said the unnamed telephone bidder who bought the spectacles also spent 26,500 pounds on a wooden \"charka\".The same bidder bought his prayer book for 10,500 pounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12709876", "title": "Thane Congress backs out of NCP alliance", "text": "THANE: The Thane unit of the Congress has decided to break free of its pre-poll pact with the NCP, upsetting ambitious plans of the Sharad Pawar camp to pull the rug from under the feet of the ruling Shiv Sena-BJP coalition in the municipal corporation.On Tuesday, Thane Congress chief Bal Purnekar and senior party functionary Ravi Phatak submitted letters to the Konkan divisional commissioner, seeking to withdraw from their earlier poll alliance with the NCP. They have appealed to the commissioner to be recognized as a separate group and not as a coalition partner of the NCP.The move caused a stir in political circles as it signals the possibility of a working alliance between the Congress and the Sena in local self-government bodies where the NCP has gained ground but is not in a position to wrest the seat of power single-handedly. In Thane, the NCP bagged 34 seats in the 130-seat civic body but stitched up a functional agreement with the Raj Thackeray-led MNS, which has seven corporators, a few Independent candidates and the Congress to take the total tally to 65. The Sena-BJP-RPI alliance too has 65 seats under its belt.\"Given that both parties have equal numbers in the TMC, it would have been difficult to ensure easy passage of any proposal in the general body. Moreover, the issue of chairmanship of the standing committee and various other committees would have to be conducted through a lottery draw,\" an observer said.However, with the Congress expressing its intent to steer away from the NCP, there is a possibility that it would abstain from the crucial polls so as to facilitate a cakewalk for the Sena-BJP coalition. Congress insiders said the decision to split from the NCP was taken by the state Congress leadership, which is of the view that their party has a pan-India presence and should not be seen as a second fiddle to the NCP. The NCP's growing clout in the municipal polls held two months back was said to be a cause of worry for the Congress camp, which was eager to clip its senior allies' wings.Questions are being raised in political circles about the role of the MNS, which has pledged support to the NCP camp. \"The MNS had cast their votes in support of the Sena-BJP candidates in the mayoral polls. Subsequently, they changed tack and joined the NCP camp and have given a written undertaking to that effect to the divisional commissioner. Now, with the Congress backing out of this pre-poll partnership, MNS' role will be under scrutiny,\" a Congress functionary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12710869", "title": "Lokayukta seeks additional security", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP Lokayukta Justice NK Mehrotra has demanded additional security for his new office which is coming up in Gomtinagar. He sent a letter to principal secretary home affairs on Tuesday in this regard.Justice Mehrotra has asked for installation of metal detectors and close circuit cameras at his office besides additional deployment of armed guards. At present, his security cover includes some guards and a shadow. \"The demand has been made for my new office which is coming up in Gomtinagar. The premises is big and has gates on four sides. To ensure that no one just walks in, it is essential to deploy more men,\" Justice Mehrotra told TOI.The Lokayukta office is conducting probe against high profile persons including many with criminal antecedents. Officials said the Lokayukta is investigating corruption charges against 15 former ministers and 49 MLAs. All former ministers under the scanner are from the previous government. Justice Mehrotra's demand for more security raises doubts if he is being threatened by someone under his probe lens. Justice Mehrotra, however, denied any threats. \"This is not true. My letter has been misinterpreted,\" he said.Among those being probed is Mayawati's key aide Naseemuddin Siddiqui who held 18 departments including irrigation, health, public works department and excise. The Loyakukta has asked CBI and Enforcement Directorate probe to find out if Siddiqui has stashed money abroad besides. Awadhpal Singh Yadav, animal husbandry and dairy development minister in the Mayawati regime, is facing murder charges.The Lokayukta has also sought details of companies run by Naseemuddin Siddiqui's son Afzal from the Registrar of Companies (AQ Frozen Foods and Al Nafis Frozen Foods, a multi-national meat supplying company in which Afzal is said to have stakes) in Kanpur and Delhi.Complaints of land-grabbing in Amroha are pending against Afzal and the agencies have not replied to the Lokayukta despite reminders. Now, the Lokayukta has given a ten-day deadline to the Registrars in Kanpur and Delhi to furnish the details. Once the details are available, the case against Afzal could be disposed of. Sources said land-grabbing complaint against Afzal has already been substantiated by tehsil and district authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12710443", "title": "3,000-year-old burial urn found in Trichy installed in museum", "text": "TRICHY: A burial urn dating back 3,000 years was unearthed near Lalgudi recently. The urn was on Tuesday officially added to the exquisite collection of the Trichy museum by district collector Jayashree Muralidharan. The district museum was set up in 1982 on the government's principle of providing museums to all districts, and it was the third in the state after Salem and Madurai. In order to provide room to the increasing collections of sculptures, bronzes and fossils, the museum was shifted to the historical Rani Mangammal Durbar Hall in 1998 that had been built by Chokkanatha Nayak in 1666.In fact, the 41-inches-tall burial urn with a circumference 104 inches at its widest middle with a conic bottom was first spotted on October 30 last year near a present day burial ground on a roadside poromboke land in the nondescript Pallividai, falling under Madakudi village panchayat. Its VAO made arrangements to carefully excavate it without damaging it in any way. Pudukottai curator S Panneer Selvam who is also in charge of Trichy museum told TOI that he brought it to the notice of the commissioner of museums who directed the Trichy district collector take possession of the ancient artefact and restore it to the museum. Panneer Selvam said the urn belonged to \"megalithic culture\" in which people used to keep the bones of the deceased, weapons he used, and different food grains of the era in the urn and buried them. The conic bottom stands testimony to the fact of it being buried underground. There were 10 types of burials and this practice was prevalent until AD 200, the curator said.Though the urn was unearthed some time ago, April 17 was chosen as the day for officially installing it in the museum because the commissioner of museums desired to open a \"sculpture garden\" in the museum.The sculpture garden at the backyard of the museum houses a number of statues unearthed during the last 25 years in and around Trichy. Since Trichy had been under the reign of almost all rulers of present-day Tamil Nadu, the museum had traces of all such rulers in the form of inscriptions and artefacts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12710147", "title": "6 yrs on, Buddhi awaits justice", "text": "MUMBAI: When actor Shah Rukh Khan was detained for two hours at a US airport recently, the ministry of external affairs (MEA) immediately went ballistic and sought an explanation from the Obama administration.However, Indian researcher and lecturer Vikram Buddhi has been languishing in a US jail for six years now, but he has not even got proper legal assistance from the Indian government.Several citizens are questioning the \"double standards\" of politicians who jump to the rescue of a celebrity, but ignore to reach out to another Indian who is awaiting justice. Buddhi (40) was arrested from the Purdue university campus in April 2006 on charges of \"threatening to kill\" the then US President George W Bush and other American leaders for the Iraq war.However, there are some glaring loopholes in the indictment (charge) pressed against the Indian scholar. Moreover, he completed his 57-month prison sentence last May, but is still behind bars as he is seeking the intervention of the US Supreme Court to clear his name.Bollywood film producer Pritish Nandy said, \"I think the government has been less than fair to Buddhi. He is clearly a victim, not a threat. I thought there was a difference between a democracy like the US and a communist nation like China. However, all superpowers are the same.\" Social activist Vishnu Gavali added, \"When President Obama was elected, we had some hope that he will help Buddhi get a fair trial. However, Obama is now worried about his re-election, while the Centre is fussing over SRK.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12711873", "title": "Conciliatory visit by cops to Murkudoh-Dandari", "text": "NAGPUR: Shaken by the demand by Murkudoh-Dandari villagers to be relocated closer to 'civilization', a team from Gondia police visited the village recently to try and understand their problems. The senior police officials promised to apprise the district administration about the problems faced by the villagers in the remote and almost unapproachable part of the district.A truckload of Murkudoh-Dandari villagers had recently taken a protest march to the district collector's office, demanding relocation. They were demanding proper road connectivity, an armed outpost and other amenities in the villages. This led the police to immediately organize a 'jan jagaran melawa' or awareness campaign at the hamlets last week.Besides the road and police outpost, the villagers also highlighted other problems before Gondia superintendent of police Chandra Kishore Mina, who visited the village at the tri-junction of Maharashtra-Chhattisgarh-Madhya Pradesh last week.\"It was a police effort only, and the district administration could not be involved due to security issues,\" said Mina. \"We had to conduct operations on our way to and from the village to hold an interactive meet with the residents,\" he said.The villagers told police officials about the need for a barrage across a nullah flowing along the state borders of Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh . They cited examples of people dying due to want of medical assistance in their villages, and also stressed on the need for a hospital in the vicinity.Though a school building is coming up in their hamlets, the Murkudoh-Dandari villagers told the cops that teachers at the ashramshala or tribal school in the adjoining areas, where their children presently study, have stopped coming since October last year for unknown reasons. The villagers also sought help from the police in getting potable water in their hamlets.Mina said construction of some part of the road and a bore-well for the villagers will be possible through the schemes under the special Integrated Action Plan (IAP), which is a central government initiative for Naxal-affected districts. Police officials of the rank of SP, district collector and senior officials of forest department are part of the three-member IAP committee that can take up small projects to improve amenities in Naxal-affected villages.\"We would inform the district administration and local civic body about the requirement of a hospital and irregular teaching staff at their school,\" said Mina. \"We also assured the villagers that there would be no unnecessary police harassment,\" he said.Apart from the hamlets in Maharashtra, the police force is also learnt to have crossed over to Chhattisgarh's Katema village, also known as a Naxal base, during the operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12711337", "title": "Tourism department to review beach shack policy, licence allotment", "text": "PANAJI: With the current tourism season drawing to a close, the state tourism department has already begun looking to the future. The department is planning to review the shack policy from the next tourism season due to the misuse of shack licences.Currently, shack licences are allotted based on a lottery system. With the licence valid only for a year, many of the licencees sublet the shacks, despite this being prohibited by the shack policy.\"We are thinking of revamping the shack policy,\" tourism director Swapnil Naik told TOI. He said that due to an interim high court order, which found the seniority system discriminatory, the lottery system was implemented. Under the lottery system, even a year's experience was deemed adequate to qualify for the general category.According to Naik ,since the licences were valid for a season, many new licence winners do not want to invest in setting up a shack as they fear that they will not be able to recover their investment in one season. Hence they sublet it to an experienced shack owner. So the licence goes to a person with experience, but illegally, said Naik. He said a new system would be put in place in consultation with shack owners to prevent this misuse. Many shack owners have been demanding a seniority based allotment system.Expressing his view on a seniority system, John Lobo, secretary of the Shack Owners Welfare Society, said, \"This is what we had been demanding. People with five years or more experience should be given priority while allotting licences and 10% of the shacks licences could be reserved for newcomers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12711904", "title": "Rlys throws spanner in Metro work", "text": "BANGALORE: Work on a crucial underground section of Metro was derailed on Tuesday after men and machinery, who had come to take up work on the northern ramp of the North-South corridor on Platform Road, near Krishna Flour Mills, were thrown out by Railway Protection Force personnel, on a complaint from South Western Railways that the work was being done illegally on its land.The eviction followed an ugly verbal brawl between officials of the two public utility agencies, SWR and BMRC.A 50-strong Metro workforce arrived in the morning to build the ramp towards Sampige Road station. Railway section engineers rushed to the spot and prevented Metro workers from going ahead with work.Metro officials claimed that their chief engineer inspected the area and had asked them to proceed with work. But railway officials pointed out that no land transfer had taken place. They also said there were no documents to show that the railway land had been transferred to BMRC.RPF personnel and Seshadripuram civil police personnel, who had been informed by SWR of the dispute, soon prevented the situation from going out of hand. Police ensured that Metro workers left the spot with their men and machinery without causing any damage to railway property.In a letter to BMRC, a copy of which's in the possession of TOI, the railways has asked Metro authorities to stop the piling work for northern ramp on the railway land as no land transfer had taken place.What is the dispute?The North-South corridor goes underground after the proposed Sampige Road station near Mantri Mall. A ramp will take the Metro track underground on a patch of railway land next to Platform Road, near Krishna Flour Mills.BMRC said it has paid the requisite compensation for taking over the railway land. But South Western Railways claimed that BMRC still owes them Rs 125.702 crore as compensation. The SWR has already issued a notice to BMRC in this regard.The BMRC said the additional compensation made by SWR is not payable.\"SWR authorities have asked us to stop working on the northern ramp and we have complied with it. It's our stand and that of the state government that the amount demanded by SWR is not payable,\" said N Sivasailam, BMRCL MD.SWR divisional manager S Mani said, \"This is not a new dispute. Everyone knows that BMRCL has to pay us additional amount towards compensation. I am going by railway circulars and calculations. I have no authority to allow them work here unless the licensee has fulfilled all required processes it has to.\"BOXWhat is crucialabout UG workThe Phase I Namma Metro comprises two corridors: North-South and East-West. The corridors have an underground section each and these sections intersect at the City Railway station.The elevated east corridor is operational on MG Road-Byappanahalli stretch. Work is scheduled to be completed on the elevated West and North-South Corridor by this year-end.The completion of the two underground sections, however, is crucial for Bangaloreans to avail of the holistic benefits of Metro network.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12710902", "title": "Seek public opinion on metro rail: High Court to Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited", "text": "HYDERABAD: A division bench of the high court on Tuesday asked both the authorities of Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited (HMRL), the state government and various other stakeholders including the owners of the properties which are being acquired for the project, to work out within a week a model through which the responsibility of eliciting public opinion is fulfilled and the project moves from its initial phase to the next stage.The bench was hearing an appeal filed by HMRL against the order of a single judge staying the ongoing project work. The judge found fault with the authorities for not hearing the public before going ahead with the project work. The stay was granted following a petition filed by the owners of the properties.The metro rail authorities showed the details of the project to the bench comprising Chief Justice Madan B Lokur and Justice P V Sanjay Kumar on Tuesday through a power point presentation.D V Sitarama Murthy, senior counsel for the property owners, said that the project was completely shrouded in mystery as the officials displayed a scant regard for a democratic approach. \"Their arrogance in refusing even to listen to us is disturbing,\" he said. \"Their attempt to describe it as a tramway is also not correct,\" he said and added that the project was very much a metro rail. The dangerous curves in the proposed line between Ameerpet and Shilparamam were a result of change of alignments. In crowded areas, the options of underground rail should be considered, he said. The chief justice asked both the authorities and the petitioners to work out a model through which public opinion on the project could be elicited. \"It's not possible to hear half of Hyderabad now. Therefore, it would be better for each side to nominate experts to put forward their opinion during the public hearing,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "12713655", "title": "HC notice to Tripura govt over safety norms", "text": "AGARTALA: Guwahati High Court chief justice Adarsh Kumar Goel has issued a notice to the Tripura government following allegations that hospitals, nursing homes and other public buildings in the state are flouting safety norms. The court has asked the government to reply to the notice by April 20.Leader of the opposition Ratan Lal Nath brought the matter to the knowledge of the chief justice in the aftermath of the fire at AMRI hospital in Kolkata that killed 92 people - including seven from Tripura - in December 2011. The court treated the letter as public interest litigation (PIL) and issued the notice last week.Nath had written that the state government was patronizing illegal private hospitals, nursing homes and some commercial buildings in Agartala, and even the state-run hospitals were violating the National Building Code (NBC) of India, 2005, and Tripura Building Rules (TBR), 2004.Making a reference to the government's latest safety clearance handed to a hospital belonging to the Kolkata-based GPT Healthcare Pvt Ltd, Nath said that the hospital was constructed without minimum observation of building norms. Nath said, \"The hospital does not have ramps, firefighting systems, sprinklers, AC dumpers or a blood bank; they don't even obtain occupancy certificate and fire-safety certificate from the competent authority, but the state government has allowed them to start operations.\"He also said that no action was taken even after the matter was brought to the notice of the government. After the AMRI blaze, Nath had written to chief minister Manik Sarkar and Governor DY Patil over the issue and demanded immediate shifting of patients from ILS Hospital.\"Due to the government's inaction, I was forced to approach the chief justice to take appropriate legal steps and direct the authorities to constitute a high-power committee consisting of experts to inspect highrise buildings in public interest,\" Nath said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12715074", "title": "Time for a change, says Demi Moore", "text": "It took some time for Demi Moore to get over her broken marriage with Ashton Kutcher. News of Ashton's flings with various girls, actress Mila Kunis and Rihanna being the latest, disturbed the actress. Demi's ex hubby Bruce Willis too had expressed angst at Ashton's lack of understanding towards his ex-wife's dilemma.Post her return from the rehab, Demi's looking better and seems to have come to terms with her breakup with Ashton. The actress wants to move on.Demi blogged on Wednesday, \"Time for a change, twitter name change... any suggestions?\" Demi's name on the blog is 'Mrs Kutcher' which she intends to change now.The actress was in no mood to do the same few days back. \"Changing my twitter name isn't a top priority right now. Sorry it bothers so many of you. Should I not tweet until I do? Does it really matter?\" said Demi. But looks like the actress has changed her opinion and is ready to move on and get on with life as Demi Moore once again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12711240", "title": "Demand for Scheduled Tribes reservation in House grows louder", "text": "MARGAO: The Goa State Scheduled Tribes Action Committee (GSSTAC) headed by Antonio Gaunkar has demanded that steps be taken to implement the reservation of seats in the legislative assembly for scheduled tribes (ST) as per Article 332/3 of the Constitution of India. The GSSTAC demanded that from the 40 seats in the legislative assembly, at least five seats should be reserved for tribal populace.The GSSTAC had earlier written to the election commission stating that the recently assembly elections were 'illegal'. The GSSTAC has held several meetings after the elections and demanded that steps be initiated immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12714552", "title": "Gaurav Chopra appreciates Mouni Roy!", "text": "Television actress Mouni Roy who is best remembered for her character in the tele soap that made history - Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi has got new identity. She is currently potraying the role of Sati in Devon Ka Dev Mahadev, a show that is not connected to Shiv and Sati.Mouni has been getting compliments for her look and performance from all quarters. Not only her parents, but even her boyfriend Gaurav Chopra loves the show and has complimented her for her looks. Gaurav says that she looks pretty and carries the role perfectly. Something like this coming from Gaurav, who she feels is a fabulous actor himself, holds special value for her. She says, \"Gaurav finds me very pretty as Sati. He feels I am performing my character well and that means a lot to me.\"A compliment from a boyfriend always matters girl!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "haringhata (nadia)", "code": "12711061", "title": "Six-yr-old, three others murdered in Nadia", "text": "Haringhata (Nadia): Four members of a family, including a six-year-old child, were murdered in their home in a busy market area in Haringhata on Tuesday. The horrific slayings triggered panic in the area but till late night, police had not identified the killers.Seema, sister of the head of the family Rabindranath Patra, found her brother's body sprawled on the ground floor of the house with blood splatters everywhere. Their mother lay dead on the stairs, also brutally hacked. Fighting back her fears, Seema climbed up to see Patra's wife Sunita dead on the floor in a pool of blood. Little Rini was on the bed, stabbed and hacked to death.Seema collapsed on the bloodied floor and wailed. Her screams drew neighbours and then the police. Even the officers looked shaken by the crime scene. It was clearly a crime of revenge, said a source. Apart from the viciousness of the killings, there is also the fact that nothing was stolen from the house. Neighbours suspect that the murders could be the fallout of a property dispute.Patra, 35, had a two-storey house in the Nagarukhra Bazaar area. His wife Sunita, 23, and mother Rina ran a tea stall on the ground floor. Patra worked at a sweet shop nearby. His sister Seema lives nearby and would visit her brother's house.On Tuesday, she was surprised to see the tea stall shutters still down at 7am. Patra has not reported for work, either. Seema called out to them at first, but on getting no response, tried to open the shutter. It was unlocked and rolled up. Right in front of her lay Patra's blood smeared body.The area was soon crawling with locals and policemen. Neighbours demanded that tracker dogs be brought in. The canines sniffed around for some time but could provide no leads.According to a neighbour, a property dispute may have been the cause for the crime. Though the Patras weren't affluent, the house in which they lived was close to a commercial centre and quite valuable.Senior police officers refused to comment on the case but sources in the police said that the murder of the child can imply one of two things - the murderers were out for revenge or that they were only after Patra but later got to know about other members of the family. In either case, the murders were committed by people known to the family, which explains why the child was silenced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12710873", "title": "I'm just a Mamata Banerjee's admirer, claims FB complainant", "text": "KOLKATA: This average para boy who collects Mamata Banerjee's pictures as a hobby suddenly finds himself at the centre of a controversy that may determine how you use social networking sites. Cheered and vilified in equal measure, 25-year-old Suman Naskar seems a bit bewildered by all the attention but sticks to his stand.It was his complaint that led CID to write to Facebook to remove four 'derogatory' pictures of chief minister Mamata Banerjee . Suman, who lives with his parents in Mahisbathan near Salt Lake, says he would have filed the complaint if the cartoons lampooned the Prime Minister or the President of India as well.He believes no one in public office should be made fun of.Suman is the nephew of a Trinamool councillor from Mahisbathan but claims he has no \"direct link\" with the party, although he admits to being a \"big admirer of Mamata\". \"I did vote for poribartan but never considered enrolling with the Trinamool,\" he told TOI on Tuesday.\"I have a diploma in computer hardware and my younger brother is studying animation. Not only do I have a computer at home, I am a regular user of social networking sites. I have never received any objectionable pictures or cartoons, but my friends showed me at least five such links. This disturbed me and after long debates with a few of my friends, I decided to approach the Salt Lake Electronic Complex police station. I mentioned the hyperlinks of all the content I had found objectionable,\" said Naskar.However, even after repeated prodding, he refused to divulge the hyperlinks and the content of the \"offending cartoons\". \"I had initially paid no heed to these cartoons, but their contents became increasingly obscene and there was no end to new ones emerging on the internet,\" Naskar said.Curiously, though the CID has taken over investigation and even written to Facebook for the IP address of posters, Naskar said no police officer had contacted him in this regard. \"I acted as a concerned adult who believes that no one in a respectable position should be lampooned. Neither my family, nor any neighbour, nor any party worker influenced my decision,\" Naskar said. The DTP operator says he collects Mamata's pictures as a hobby. \"She is my idol,\" he said.This is not the first time that a state investigating agency has been entrusted with finding out who tried to \"attack\" a leading political personality on a social networking site. Senior Congress leader Digvijay Singh had named 22 persons and eight websites that had either used defamatory language or posts about his \"character\". A case was registered under Section 66 of the IT Act. Farooq Abdullah, former chief minister of Jammu and Kashmir and present Union minister, and senior BJP leader Arun Jaitley were also targeted on the networking sites.Jaitley had approached the Delhi Police crime branch, claiming that unidentified men were spreading defamatory information about him on Twitter. Former Union minister and BJP leader Jaswant Singh had alleged that he was receiving hate mails.In the meantime, Trinamool's enfant terrible, singer Kabir Suman, has increased Mamata's discomfiture over the arrest of Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra for forwarding an internet joke on her. The rebel Trinamool MP has composed a song 'Hasi Niye Thako' (Live With A Smile), mocking the state government for its \"excesses\".Suman has repeatedly penned songs and blogs to criticize various steps of the Mamata-led government.\"Hasi niye thako/ Hasimukhe thako/... Bongo rongo hok sob lok hese nik jantranoteo (Live with a smile/ live with a smiling face. Even in pain, the people of Bengal should smile),\" Suman's song goes. \"Hasi hok mukhe bhaat...abodh sishu o jane chotto hasir mane kon hasi kar/ Hasi te nei khoroch, hasi to emnitei mukhe ese jay (Let there be smile in the first feeding ceremony of a child. A child also knows what smile means. You don't need to spend money for smiling, everybody smiles easily),\" goes the song.\"Aynay mukh dekho ektu haste sekho swabhabik hasi/ Khocha deoa hasi noy tate sandeho hoy bujhi debe fansi (You should see your face in the mirror and learn to laugh normally. No oblique smile, that leads to suspicion that you may be hanged).\"\"I am there on Facebook. I am happy with my smile and I sing with a smile. My day will also come; let me sharpen my smile as of now. Stay with a smile,\" Suman said.The son of a milk supplier, he is a and a graduate from Manindra Chandra College, Naskar claims", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12710953", "title": "JEE fraud probe exposed inter-state racket: Cops", "text": "KOLKATA: The fraudsters impersonating as candidates at the Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) have left the city police baffled. On interrogating the six arrested persons, police were led to a powerful inter-state racket. is involved behind the Joint Entrance Examination impersonation fraud, suspect police after interrogating six arrested persons.While Police claimed that Sadananda Burman, one among the six held, was in charge of running the Bengal module of the racket.has connections with several private engineering and management institutes. The tout used to target prospective students, who can afford a huge donation, and got them admitted in private colleges in lieu of cash. in lieu of the cash, he used to arrange seat for the candidates at private colleges. Earlier he had an office at Midnapore but after 2003, he shifted to Kolkata. Once he used to work as a local agent of a Bangalore based management institute.On Monday, police have seized a cache of forged huge documents from Burman's office. \"The documents include different types of admit cards of engineering and management entrance examinations,\" said an investigator. He added that police had to conduct raids at several places in Bihar to get hold of the who said that two reach up to the other key operators. of the racket police will have to raid at several places in Bihar and need time to verify the documents. Police said that Burman had used to keep contacts with Chandan Kumar, a Bihar-based agent, who used to arrange dummy candidates for the examination. Chandan was also arrested during the Saturday raid along with the where four dummy candidateswere intercepted. Police claimed that All four candidates were supposed to collect admit cards from the bonafide students at the examination centre before the examination.Police are trying to track down the original candidatewith the help of the seized documents. From the seized documents, we are trying to fix up the candidates who had paid Burman to hire dummy candidates. Police also confirmed that another arrested dummy candidateKhoosboo, the impersonator who was apprehended from a Bhawanipore centre, is also part of the same racket, confirmed the cops. Perhaps the original candidate Puja Singh, who engaged dummy Khoosboo, may have got to know somehow learnt about the arrest of other fake candidates and out of fear she landed at the centre without informing the latter. Besides interrogating Puja, Cops are also probing also Burman's political connections. \"We are verifying how he used to encash on such connections in his trade,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12712617", "title": "Photos with fans can\u2019t be seen as incriminating evidence: Celebs", "text": "In an era when cellphone cameras are ubiquitous, it is hardly possible for a celebrity sighting to go unrecorded. For this reason, actors say that pictures with fans can hardly be held against them, let alone seen as \"incriminating evidence\".Actor Chunkey Pandey, who was photographed with Simran Sood, an accused in the Karankumar Kakkar kidnapping case, terms this a \"professional hazard\". \"All celebrities pose for pictures. It is worse in small towns where you are forced to be photographed with strangers who will even put their arms around you. They could be criminals or murderers and you would never know,\" he says. \"The only way to avoid this is to stop going out and how practical is that? Moreover, in modern times, computer applications like Photoshop add to the risk.\"There are several pictures on Sood's Facebook page of her in the company of actors, cricketers and a stockbroker.Clinical psychologist Narendra Kinger says small-time models and bit actors tend to pose with established celebrities to enhance their stock. \"If they get published on Page 3, it fetches them visibility as well as a chance to get work. It works out cheaper if they merely post them on social networking sites. Their peers in the profession and their friends are awed to see them with 20 different actors or politicians,\" he says. \"It gives the impression that they know them, which may not be true.\"Given that youngsters spend more time online than reading, Kinger thinks the repeat \"views\" afforded by the internet serve these starlets and models well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710087", "title": "South: Number game for BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: While BJP has a clear majority in North and East Corporations, South is a different story and the first of its kind for the city. With BJP winning 44 of 104 seats, and Congress 29, the saffron party will need to seek the support of independent candidates, who have bagged 14 seats. Incidentally, most of these independents are rebels of either the Congress or the BJP.While an alliance with independents and BSP will not work for Congress - it just does not have the numbers to try reach the majority mark - BJP will have to now get its math right to reach the perfect total of 53. BJP state president Vijender Gupta sounded cautious about making a statement on any alliance with independents or smaller parties. \"We are thinking about a possible combination to reach the majority mark,\" Gupta said. BJP will however find it hard to seek the support of rebels who have won after being denied a ticket by the party.\"The independent candidate from Mahipalpur, Kishan Shehrawat; Praveen Rajput from Sagarpur; Narender Yadav from Hastsal, and Pradeep from Chhawla are only a few of the BJP rebels who contested as independents from South Delhi Corporation and won. We will bring them back into the party fold. Reaching majority is not going to be a big task,\" said a BJP leader. The big wins for BJP from South Corporation included Subhash Arya from Rajouri Garden, Ritu Vohra from Tilak Nagar who defeated senior Congress leader Anita Babbar, Savita Gupta from Amar Colony, 22-year-old Ankita Saini from Hauz Khas ward and KC Taneja from Greater Kailash-I.For Congress, its biggest heartbreak came from Najafgarh, where Krishan Pehelwan, who is charged with criminal cases, managed to defeat three-time councillor and leader of opposition in the erstwhile MCD, Jai Kishan Sharma. Former mayor Farhad Suri, a senior Congress leader who contested from Nizamuddin seat, could manage to win by less than 1,000 votes.A senior BJP leader said that in South Delhi, which has perhaps the highest percentage of upscale colonies among the three corporations, the voting has been more candidate-centric, which could well be the reason behind the rebels winning without support from the party. \"Rebellion from important leaders like Jagdish Mamgain affected our winning margin badly,\" he said.A total of 14 independent candidates won in the South Delhi Corporation while 17 other seats were won by smaller parties like Bahujan Samaj Party (5), Indian National Lok Dal (3) and Nationalist Congress Party (6). The notables among them were independent candidate Kusum Lata, who won from Kotla Mubarakpur; Promila Tokas, who won from Munirka, and JD(U) candidate Chander Prakash from Govindpuri who defeated Congress' sitting councillor from the area by 7,000 votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12717341", "title": "Mumbai premiere for Movie Parie", "text": "Debutant director Sudhir Attavar's forthcoming Kannada film Parie was premiered in Mumbai recently. The movie will be screened outside Karnataka too.Celebrities like Udit Narayan , Sadhana Sargam , Akhilendra Mishra, Rageshwari Sachdeva graced the premiere. Parie stars Rakesh Adiga, Nagkiran, Smitha, Harshika Poonachha in important roles.Produced by BDT Abhiyantharara Chitra, Parie is expected to release on May 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bobbili", "code": "12710696", "title": "Housewife ends life", "text": "BOBBILI: Unable to tolerate her husband's harassment for giving birth to a baby girl, a housewife committed suicide in Bobbili town on Tuesday. N Koteswari, 30, of Naidu Colony consumed poison following her husband's continuous threats to go for divorce after the birth of the baby girl 11 months ago.N Ramesh, a government teacher at Pendapenki village in Bobbili mandal, married Koteswari three years ago. Ramesh, who was keen on a male baby , was upset after Koteswari gave birth to a girl child. He started harassing her and threatened to divorce her. Koteswari lodged a complaint against Ramesh at Bobbili police station.Sources said Koteswari was depressed over it and took the extreme step on Tuesday. Police filed a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12717227", "title": "Day 2: Strike continues at DAVV, students see red", "text": "INDORE: Tuesday turned out to be a tough day for the students and professionals who had come to collect their degrees and to get their problems sorted out at Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya ( DAVV). The regular and daily wage employees continued to strike for employees' regularization on the second day and refused to budge till they receive any written assurance from higher education minister.Anil Yadav, one of the leaders of the employees association, said, \"We are yet to receive any letter from the minister on the promises that were made. Our protest will continue till then.\"On the second day of the strike, none of the higher officials attended their offices, which worsened the situation at the university. Several students from far-off areas returned disappointed as no one attended to their problems. Rajesh Sharma, one of the students studying in an affiliated college of the university, said, \"I had come to the university due to a result-related problem, but there is no one to attend to the issue. I will have to wait till the strike ends.\" Another ex-student of the university, Mudit Verma, had come to get his degree from Mumbai to apply to a foreign university. \"I had come to the university after taking off from my office. But the strike has disturbed my schedule,\" Verma said.The university has become an epicentre of protests from various activist groups. This has disturbed the smooth functioning of classes and led to an impasse. The higher education department has asked the university to abide by the semester system and declare results on time. \"The strike should end as early as possible as it affects routine work. Strike will only create problems in conducting exams on time and timely declaration of results,\" said one of the university officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12710923", "title": "Man found murdered in farmhouse", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 40-year-old unidentified man was found murdered at a farmhouse in Dhubaila village in Madiaon on Tuesday. The body was spotted by a caretaker, who used to visit the farmhouse as per his convenience.The farmhouse is owned by Farhat Ali Siddiqui, a resident of Jankipuram.According to ASP Aliganj Anees Ahmed Ansari, the caretaker went to the farmhouse in the evening. On entering the place, he spotted a body of a man lying in the verandah of a two-room construction in the farmhouse in pool of blood.The caretaker informed Siddiqui, who rushed to the farmhouse and informed the police. The police reached the spot and pressed fingerprint experts and a dog squad into service.According to the ASP, the victim was hit by some object heavily on the right hand side of the temple. The impact was so much that flesh had come out.A handle of the handpump was also found near the spot, the ASP said and added that blood stains were found on the handle which hints that miscreants had hit him with it.According to police sources, though the identity of the victim has not been ascertained, the dog has rushed towards a nearby village and stopped before a house. The ASP said strict vigil was being kept at the village and hoped that the killers would be nabbed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12711755", "title": "Businessman duped of Rs 3.5L", "text": "PUNE: Three unidentified persons allegedly duped a businessman to the tune of Rs 3.5 lakh on the pretext of giving gold at cheaper rate. The incident took place between April 10 and 13 at Charholi.Sub-inspector Sachin Kale of Vishrantwadi police station said that complainant Mahavir Patil (28) of Dhanori is running a pest control business in Vishrantwadi. On April 10, three persons came to his shop on the pretext of selling honey.\"One of them told Patil that he needed Rs 5 lakh to free his mortgaged land at his native place and that he had some gold which he wanted to sell to raise the money. Patil told him that he had only Rs 3.5 lakh with him. The suspect then asked Patil to give him Rs 50,000 initially and the remaining amount after two days,\" Kale said.According to the police, the suspect took Patil to a place near Dehu Road and gave him two gold beads and took Rs 50,000 from him. Patil showed the beads to a jeweller who confirmed that the beads were made of gold.\"After two days, the suspect gave a string of gold beads to Patil and took Rs 3 lakh from him. When Patil took the gold beads to the jeweller, he found that they were fake,\" Kale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12711837", "title": "Cat, monkey bite cases on the rise", "text": "PUNE: While there was a marginal fall in the number of dog bites recorded last year, data from Sassoon general hospital has revealed that the number of cat bites and monkey bites is on the rise.Cat bites account for approximately 10 to 20 per cent of all animal bites in the country. In Pune, there were 247 cases of cat bites in 2011, 88 more than in the previous year. The number of monkey bites reported was 13.Since animal bites can lead to infections or even rabies, they necessitate immediate treatment and careful management, say doctors.\"Meticulous wound cleaning is essential to prevent rabies and encourage healing. Risk of infection differs among animal species, although most animal bite wounds can cause rabies,\" said preventive social medicine (PSM) expert Prakash Adhav, head of the PSM department at Sassoon Hospital.Rabies is a zoonotic disease, transmitted to humans by animal bites, mainly dogs. It is invariably fatal if proper treatment is not received after exposure.\"The awareness about rabies and availability of anti-rabies treatment at Sassoon Hospital are also among the reasons that more cases are being reported now,\" Adhav said.In 2009 just 60 cat bite cases were reported at Sassoon Hospital which jumped to 159 in 2010. These occur more frequently in children and are often associated with handling the animal, said Adhav. Studies also showed that there is a particular seasonal pattern in animal bite cases.\"Soft tissue injuries and skin penetration are often seen in cat bite cases. Bites are most commonly found on the hands and legs, with the injury usually consisting of puncture wounds resulting in laceration or severe damage in some cases,\" said Adhav. \"The cases are seen in all age groups, but more often in children who tend to go near animals out of curiosity or provoke them while playing.\"Like dog bite cases, cat bites are also treated with an anti-rabies vaccine. \"We distinguish between bites. An animal usually bites when it is provoked. Such a bite, although treated vigorously, is considered normal, but if the bite is caused by an unprovoked animal, then it is looked at suspiciously,\" said Adhav.\"An animal causing harm without any reason or provocation shows that it might have gone wild and rabid hence bite of such an animal is treated very vigorously and such a person is monitored consistently,\" said Adhav. In cat bites cases, cats who bite are both house cats as well as stray cats. \"We have seen cases from both the categories,\" said Adhav.\"We didn't see any monkey bite case in 2009 and 2010. But in 2011, there were 13 monkey bite cases. Some of them occurred at temples in and around Pune,\" said Adhav.In all animal bite cases, dog bite cases constitute the biggest chunk. \"In 2010 there were 12,052 dog bite cases which came down to 10,977 in 2011,\" said Manjunath Kamble, a doctor in preventive social medicine at the animal bite department at Sassoon Hospital. The animal bite department also sees cases of pig bites, horse bite and wolf bite. \"Such cases are rare and they are counted under the head 'other bites',\" said Kamble. \"This also include human bite cases. Last year, we treated two cases of tiger bites,\" said Kamble.\"For any animal bite, one must clean the wound with soap and water and consult a doctor immediately,\" said Adhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12710931", "title": "Bengal back in \u2018Animal Farm\u2019", "text": "KOLKATA: On March 15, 2011, when the Mamata Banerjee wave was at its zenith, thespians Saonli Mitra and Arpita Ghosh went to Bansberia in Hooghly to stage the anti-establishment play 'Poshu Khamar', based on George Orwell's Animal Farm. But they were turned back by local CPM MP Rupchand Pal, who feared that the play was meant to denigrate the then ruling Left Front. The public outrage against CPM's \"social hegemony\" was among the reasons for the Left rout in Bengal after 34 years.Red gave way to green in May 2011. The ghasphool (Mamata's electoral logo) came up as a symbol of liberation from the Left rule. But fast forward to April 12, 2012, and it's an unsettling deja vu. A Jadavpur University professor is arrested past midnight for forwarding a cartoon of Mamata Banerjee and her Man Friday Mukul Ray. The CID has asked Facebook for IP addresses of those who have posted morphed and \"objectionable\" photographs of Mamata. Trinamool men beat up rights activists as police stood by and watched. A Trinamool minister warns partymen not to marry into CPM families. The CM calls a series of gang-rapes fabricated and sees a CPM conspiracy even in crib deaths. A Union minister is sacked acrimoniously.The euphoria of change has been evaporating steadily over the past few months in Bengal. The people who had voted Mamata to power - and the intellectuals who were the driving force behind the change wave - had hoped her administration would be patient, open and forward-looking. They are disillusioned.\"I fear it is time to stage Poshu Khamar again,\" says educationist Sunanda Sanyal, who was one of the architects of poribartan.The apparent volte face of the Mamata government has hurt the most those who welcomed a break from the Animal Farm - where access to university and colleges had turned into a privilege of the Left, where every institution of society, from school committees to clubs, was stunted by political dominance, and where a stifling arrogance ruled beneath the civilised demeanour of the Left.People thought that the Mamata Banerjee government would listen to the voice of dissent and allow opinions to flourish. The reality has been quite different, though. There's still zero tolerance for disagreements. Worse, the arrogance now is brazen without polish.It is unfortunate that the poribartan dream has been shattered all too soon, says Sanyal. \"It seems unreal that the government has been doing the same things that the previous one did. And it hasn't taken even a year to reveal its true colours. Obviously, people are disappointed for they can't see any change. The same goondaraj continues. The same politician-muscleman-promoter nexus rules. People are still scared. And the Trinamool is making it easier for the CPM to return,\" Sanyal told TOI.The people of Bengal have been let down by the change that never happened, says Amal Mukhopadhyay, former principal of Presidency College. He accuses the \"individual-centric\" Trinamool of undermining democratic rights like freedom of speech. \"The government should learn to take criticism in its stride rather than interpret every criticism as a conspiracy. In a democracy, opposition and dissent are inevitable. But the chief minister is not ready to accept that. Unfortunately, Mamata Banerjee is the government in Bengal and there's no one to restrain her. She has to remember that she is the first among equals and not a sovereign,\" he said.The disappointment is widespread with frustration seeping into every strata of society. While the common man is frustrated at having been denied the promised change, government officials are terrified of annoying the chief minister. Damayanti Sen's transfer after the Park Street rape case sent shockwaves.One of the proponents of change and human rights activist Sujato Bhadra, who was appointed by Mamata to broker peace talks with Maoists, admits that he has been disappointed with the government in the last few months. \"So far as the democratic sphere is concerned, some steps of this government have been disappointing. But what has been shocking is the intolerance to criticism, even satire. This goes against the spirit of democracy,\" said Bhadra.Author Sunil Gangopadhyay is surprised by Mamata's \"arrogance\". \"She has been unapologetic after every blunder that she made. This 'I am never wrong' attitude is unacceptable,\" he said.While Mamata was \"always autocratic\", it was expected that she would run her government differently, Sanyal said. \"Mamata had raised slogans like 'democracy and not party-cracy' and 'change not revenge', but she has not lived up to them. This government always had the seeds of autocracy since Mamata doesn't listen to anyone. Autocracy is the first step towards fascism. We are surely heading for it,\" added Sanyal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710381", "title": "Placement agency owner held in rape-abortion case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A placement agency owner was arrested on Tuesday in a human trafficking case where an 18-year-old woman was raped and forced to get an abortion. The main accused Rajesh who allegedly raped the woman, co-owns the placement agency in Sarita Vihar. He has been on the run since December.Police is on the lookout for Rajesh and also Kunti, who allegedly got the young woman to Delhi. The doctor who allegedly performed the abortion is also being questioned, said sources.Meanwhile, the Child Welfare Committee of the area has also taken cognizance of the matter on its own. The CWC has asked why the victim had not been produced in front of the committee till now.The accused Raj Kumar was nabbed from Malviya Nagar in south Delhi where he had come to meet one Pancham, another accused in the case and also a placement agency owner, said sources.Sources said Raj Kumar claimed during interrogation he had only facilitated the abortion and not raped the girl. Police sources said that Raj Kumar told them that he already has two cases of rape lodged against him. He claimed he had not raped the 18-year-old maid and was managing the agency after Rajesh disappeared.While working in Faridabad, the woman complained of stomachache and vomiting one day. Her employer contacted Raj Kumar and she was called back. The woman told Raj Kumar that she may be pregnant.Raj Kumar told cops that his friend Pancham then told him about a lady doctor in Madangir.The pregnancy was confirmed and the victim was taken to a nursing home in Saket where her foetus was aborted. Acting on a tip-off, NGO Shakti Vahini informed police about the incident. The girl was rescued, but Raj Kumar fled.Many illegal and unlicensed placement agencies in the capital, a police source said, are part of an organized trafficking racket involving women and children. They coordinate with doctors/quacks who come in handy when any girl gets pregnant. The same happened in this case too, said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12713029", "title": "Judicial report: No clean chit to anyone", "text": "There is no question of a clean chit to anyone,\" said senior advocate Dipan Merchant, counsel for the Adarsh judicial commission, even as government officers were patting themselves on the back on Tuesday. \"The report submitted to the state is only a finding on the title of the land and will not have an impact on other aspects.\"Government officers who winked at violations while granting permissions to the tower in Colaba will now be taken up for inquiry. \"The commission is yet to inquire into the irregularities in allowing Adarsh to come up or the persons who were liable in the matter,\" added Merchant.While two issues regarding ownership and reservation for Kargil war heroes were decided by the panel, it will now go into the more crucial aspects of the scam - lapses in the case, and the bureaucrats and politicians who were responsible. The panel will look into 11 other issues, including reduction of the width of Capt Prakash Pethe Road to benefit Adarsh, deletion of reservation of plot reserved for BEST and conversion to a residential zone so that the building could add more floors and violations of Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act provisions to allow Adarsh to build a 31-storey tower.Former chief minister Ashok Chavan's role could also come under the scanner. The allegation against Chavan is that he approved the inclusion of civilian members in the defence society, which benefited many bureaucrats as well as the ex-CM's own family. The other important controversy is flouting of Coastal Regulation Zone rules and lack of environment ministry clearance.Security implications of a civilian building overlooking military installations will be taken up by the commission, said advocate Merchant. Former CMs Sushil Kumar Shinde and Vilasrao Deshmukh will also be questioned by the commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12717860", "title": "Pak SC allows 3 Hindu women to decide their own future", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Three Hindu women, who were allegedly forced to convert to Islam and marry Muslims, were today allowed by Pakistan's Supreme Court to decide their own future and where they want to live.A three-judge bench headed by Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry asked Rinkle Kumari alias Faryal Bibi, Lata Kumari alias Hafsa Bibi and Asha Kumari alias Haleema Bibi to inform the court registrar's office whether they want to live with their husbands or their families.The bench ordered police to provide complete security to the women and warned that police officials would be held responsible for negligence if they were harmed.The court said the women were old enough to make the right decisions for themselves.The women were later taken to the registrar's office for recording their statements.The Supreme Court also directed authorities to submit a report in two weeks on the implementation of its orders in the case.The parents of the three women expressed disappointment at the judgment, saying they had been denied justice.The three women have been at the centre of a controversy over the alleged abduction and forcible conversion of Hindu girls and women in southern Sindh province.In the case of 19-year-old Rinkle Kumari, rights groups and civil society activists have alleged that she was abducted by persons with links to Pakistan People's Party parliamentarian Mian Abdul Haq alias Mian Mithoo.Mithoo and his brother have been accused of kidnapping and converting several Hindu women in Ghotki area of Sindh.Rights activists have alleged that these women were forcibly married to Muslim men.Matters were further compounded when Rinkle made different statements during news conferences and her appearances in court. The apex court had earlier sent Rinkle and Lata Kumari to a women's shelter in Karachi to give them time to decide about their future free from pressure.The court gave its ruling today in response to a Constitutional petition filed by the Pakistan Hindu Council.Ramesh Kumar , patron-in-chief of the Council, had approached the court to direct authorities to recover the three Hindu women.Rinkle's family has said that she was abducted and forced to convert and marry a Muslim man. A similar claim was made by Lata's family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12711902", "title": "Tiger found dead in Melghat reserve", "text": "NAGPUR: At a time when Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR) has come out of the red with improved tiger sightings due to better protection, death of a tiger has come as a big blow to the reserve.With this, the death toll of tigers in Maharashtra in the past five months (since November 3, 2011) has mounted to eight. Maharashtra lost 7 tigers - 5 in Chandrapur district and 2 in Tipeshwar - in the past.A full-grown tiger was found dead 100 metres away from a water hole in Chourakund forest range in Sipna wildlife division of MTR on Monday, around 9pm by the patrolling staff. The last report of a tiger death in Melghat was seven years ago, officials said.\"The foul smell led the staff to the putrefied carcass of the tiger. Over 40% body parts including claws and teeth were intact indicating there was no element of poaching,\" said AK Mishra, chief conservator of forests (CCF) and field director of Melghat. \"The carcass is 8 to 10 days old and seems to have been eaten by small carnivores,\" he added.Mishra said that the tiger seems to have died due to old age as its canines showed wear and tear. He also ruled out poisoning as cause of death. \"There is regular monitoring of water holes by the field staff and they were already on the job when they traced the tiger,\" he said.However, the post-mortem report will only reveal the exact cause of death. The park authorities were not sure whether to go for DNA testing to know whether the dead tiger was a male or female.The panchnama and post-mortem was performed in the presence of Sipna deputy conservator of forests, S Yuvraj and Amravati honorary district wildlife warden, Vishal Bansod who was present as the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) representative.Death of a tiger* Sipna tiger died due to old age, canines showed wear and tear* Carcass is 8-10 days old* 7 years ago last tiger death was reported in Melghat* State has lost eight tigers in last five months", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12711922", "title": "Chandrapur Municipal Corporation results stump major parties", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The outcome of the first-ever election to Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC) came as a surprise for major political parties. The hung house has made the politicians to introspect how the calculations went wrong.Congress has emerged as the leading party with 26 seats, followed by BJP with 18, Shiv Sena 5, NCP 4, independents 10 and BSP, MNS and Bharip BMS one seat each in CMC. It is now certain that the first municipal corporation will see a coalition rule.All the major parties had made tall claims of controlling power in the maiden CMC polls and did not forge an alliance with the hope that they would romp home on their own. But the citizens did not give them a clear mandate. Though the Congress gained a good number of seats, it is still many steps away from power. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, state Congress chief Manikrao Thakre and revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat campaigned for the Congress candidates. They made high claims of changing the face of Chandrapur to look it like Nagpur, curbing pollution and bringing all-round development. But it seemed the voters were not impressed and denied a clear majority to any party.NCP was focusing on development works it had announced to mark the penta centenary celebrations. NCP banked on deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar allotting Rs 250 crore for Chandrapur though it did not have a single MLA or MP in the district. It criticized Congress for messing up roads, sewage scheme, shoddy water supply, rising pollution and high corruption during campaigning. However, the voters did not favour NCP which could win only four seats. It lost five seats.Congress leaders also staked claim for allotting Rs 250 crore for Chandrapur's development. However, the humble ways of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who said that the Congress-led government and not he who approved the grant, gave the party a good number of seats.The prestige of state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar was at stake on his home turf. BJP president Nitin Gadkari also campaigned and ensured development of Chandrapur on lines of Nagpur if voted to power. BJP, with an MP and a MLA from Chandrapur, effectively used their area development funds in the city and appeared to have some edge. Still people elected 18 BJP corporators. Three rebels got elected defeating official BJP candidate.Shiv Sena fared a bit well in the elections. Its five candidates were elected to CMC while six others stood second. Congress is just eight seats short of the magic figure in CMC, Shiv Sena might play a crucial role in helping the former to gain power. BJP had earned the wrath of Shiv Sena by refusing pre-poll alliance. Similarly, Sena members were denied subject committee nominations in zilla parishad even as it backed BJP. This discontent may prompt Sena to seek deputy mayor's post if it aligns with Congress. If Sena opts for Congress then the latter can rule CMC with the help of three independents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710017", "title": "Nitish, Akhilesh back govt on Ganga", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UPA narrowly escaped another 'Team Anna moment' at the Prime Minister-chaired National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) meeting on Tuesday, with CMs Nitish Kumar and Akhilesh Yadav coming in handy to counter the agitated civil society representatives, who were demanding immediate closure of hydroelectric projects on tributaries of the Ganges in Uttarakhand.The government did not give in to the demands at the meeting, and managed to avoid a face-off turning into a public relation disaster.The meeting concluded with the decision that a multi-disciplinary group of experts would be set up to assess the fate of the projects based on the reports submitted by IIT-Roorkee and the Wildlife Institute of India. Also, the PM will meet agitating G D Agarwal, who is undergoing treatment at AIIMS, soon.But the decisions came amid high drama, with the members of Team Agarwal and others talking about the ailing activist's absence. The government had agreed to include Prof Agarwal's agenda in the NGRBA meeting after he went on a fast demanding closure of existing projects on the Ganges.Swami Avimukteshwaranand Saraswati, convener of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam and part of Team Agarwal, was present at the meeting, while two other members were roped in at the last moment leading to security issues at the PM's residence that delayed the talks by about half an hour.The government was saved some blushes since AIIMS authorities denied Prof Agarwal to attend the meeting on health grounds.Sources said Nitish Kumar stepped in to help the government in securing some decorum as Union environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarajan negotiated the heated moments. However, the two ministers, who had negotiated with Prof Agarwal earlier - Sriprakash Jaiswal and V Narayanasamy - did not attend Tuesday's meeting. The CMs differed from the civil society representatives, and suggested a more balanced view on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12711927", "title": "Remembering Sabu, the mahout from Mysore", "text": "BANGALORE: When Sabu Dastagir, the boy mahout from Mysore, made his maiden appearance in Robert Flaherty's 'Elephant Boy' in 1935, he captured the imagination of the West. \"Sabu was an enigma to begin with, an exotic savage straight out of the backyard of Rudyard Kipling's 'Toomai of the Elephants',\" explains film critic Prof N Manu Chakravarthy.By the mid-1930s, people in the West had some inkling of images defining such exotic people through their experience from colonialism. \"More importantly, these images found their connection to anthropological works, which correlated to Africa and its natives,\" he explains. And Sabu too, was looked at as an object of curiosity. \"Such imagery was construed as the civilization of the 'other'; 'civilization' of course, being the West,\" he adds.Intersecting such world views, Flaherty, the man behind the epic film 'Nanook of the North', decided to travel to Mysore in pursuit of his lead character for the Kipling-inspired story 'Elephant Boy'. He found Sabu, a budding mahout in the Maharajah's stable. In fact, Rajkumari Urmila Devi, the late Jayachamarajendra Wadiyar's niece, grew up on stories about Sabu. \"My mother, Rani Vijaya Devi, met Sabu when he was young and talked to me of his days in the palace. She felt it was an amazing opportunity for Sabu to be discovered by Flaherty. Mother knew Flaherty as well - his daughter married a famous Dutch taxidermist who lived in Mysore,\" says Urmila.In recent times, as honorary secretary of the International Music and Arts Society founded by her mother Rani Vijaya Devi, Urmila chanced upon 'Elephant Boy' and approached NGMA Bangalore to screen it. \"The film is reminiscent of a wonderful era. Screening it gives us the opportunity to connect with it,\" she said.Although the 'Elephant Boy' doesn't have the same novelty as it did in the the 1930s or even the 1970s, when Chakravarthy first saw it. \"I'm a Mysore boy and grew up on stories about Sabu, until I first saw the 'Elephant Boy' while in college. I came face to face with the legend who had also grown up in NR Mohalla, Mysore. I recalled my schoolteacher's tales of how Flaherty came looking for his hero to Mysore,\" he reminisces.Sabu walked into the film by just being himself. \"Flaherty was a keen observer of humans and the society,\" says documentary filmmaker Chalam Bennurkar, adding, \"He was able to get through the everydayness of life. He saw beauty in ordinary life, shot it himself in his one-unit camera and gave it character with poetic charm. Flaherty became acquainted with Nanook when he took up an exploration job in Canada and later, Sabu in Mysore.\"Sabu went on to become an actor of many hues between the colonial era and later in his short life of 39 years, till he died in 1963. \"Today, 'Elephant Boy' is creative exposure to us city-bred people, who have over the years shed stereotypical notions of our indigenous people,\" Chakravarthy said.The Elephant BoyScreening on April 20 at NGMA, 6.30pm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12714854", "title": "Cloudy sky will keep next couple of days pleasant", "text": "LUDHIANA: There is good news for Ludhianvis. The weather will continue to be pleasant for the next three days, with westerly disturbances keeping the sky cloudy.Kulwinder Kaur Gill, associate agro-meteorologist at Punjab Agricultural University, said, \"North westerly disturbances will continue to influence the weather for at least two to three days. During this period, high speed winds, thunder and dust storms will prevail in the city and its outskirts. But, chances of rainfall are less. As the sky will remain cloudy for two to three days, it will affect the maximum temperature, which might not cross 30 degrees celsius.\"The delightful weather has brought a smile on residents' faces. Sunil Kumar, a businessman of Old City, said, \"On Monday around 10.45pm, drizzling started and continued for an hour. Cold winds, too, spread their charm, bringing the temperature down. I hope the weather continues to remain this good for some more days.\" Muhammad Azhar, a student of Class XII, said, \"Everyone is enjoying the pleasant weather. I played cricket all through the day with my friends.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "old goa", "code": "12711721", "title": "Old Goa panchayat defies Archaeological survey of India, raises illegal structures in heritage zone", "text": "OLD GOA: Archaeological survey of India's (ASI) police complaint and show-cause notice to the Old Goa panchayat for an illegal construction within the prohibited zone is one among several it has issued during the past two decades, sources said.Most notices and complaints were issued since the late 1980s and before the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains (Amendment and Validation) Act, 2010, came into force from January 2010. But the panchayat's move to construct a podium, compound wall, badminton court and a one-room structure has upset the ASI and heritage lovers, as it is in blatant disregard to new conservation norms. The amended act, which came into force from January 2010, stipulates that any development within a 100m from the precincts of a monument is prohibited. Further, as per the same rules, the area of 200m from the prohibited zone is considered a regulated area.\"These structures have been erected in the prohibited area behind the Basilica of Bom Jesus,\" an ASI source said. The pillars of the stage to hold cultural programmes have been raised to about 8m and the compound wall along the temple premises is about 1.5m high. \"The structures mar the ambience of the heritage area and are totally in violation of the act,\" the source added.When the panchayat started the construction of a compound wall along the western side of the Old Goa-Neura road, barely 100m from the Mahatma Gandhi statue, late last year in 2011, the Archaeological survey of India had issued a show-cause notice to the panchayat.The panchayat claimed that it had applied to the competent authority, secretary for archives and archaeology ( Goa government) for permission. \"But the permission was not issued,\" a source said.However, the panchayat continued with the work, concretizing the floor for the badminton court, constructing a podium and pillars and erecting a 20m-long compound wall, fencing off the area within. The wall runs from a small temple, which was converted into a concrete structure from a ghumti under the banyan tree, a few years back.The ASI had also issued a notice to Basilica of Bom Jesus authorities in November 2011, regarding the tarring of a passage behind the Basilica.\"Violations are rampant in and around the world heritage site at Old Goa,\" Prajal Sakhardande, executive member of Goa heritage action group (GHAG) said.The panchayat responded to ASI's notice and halted the work only for a few days. \"Though the competent authority has not approved it, the work is being completed now,\" the ASI source said.The panchayat had constructed huge drains within the Basilica complex a few years ago. It has also reconstructed a laterite stone wall of the old fortification, along the Old Goa-Panjim road, sources alleged.Sarpanch Janita Madkaikar was not available for comment, but Prakash Amonkar, a panch of Old Goa panchayat said the podium and badminton court have been constructed for the local community's benefit. \"The temple committee has acquired the property for the purpose,\" he said. \"The ASI should initiate stern action to nip such violations in the bud,\" Sakhardande said.The ASI authorities have informed the national monuments authority of India, director general, ASI, both in Delhi, and state secretary archives and archaeology, Goa, with a request to demolish the illegal constructions. \"We are waiting for action to be taken in the matter,\" the ASI source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12715408", "title": "European crisis drags IBM, Intel revenues", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Intel Corp and International Business Machines Corp (IBM), two of the computer industry's biggest bellwethers, posted the slowest sales growth in years as the European slump weighed on orders last quarter.IBM's revenue climbed 0.3 per cent to $24.7 billion in the period, while Intel sales rose 0.5 per cent to $12.9 billion. That was the smallest increase for either company since the third quarter of 2009, when the US economy was just emerging from recession. Even so, Intel predicted a pickup in sales for the current quarter.The two technology giants are seeking growth in emerging markets while coping with a slowdown triggered by the European debt crisis. The personal-computer market, which contracted in the US last year for the first time since 2001, also is hurting demand for Intel's processors. IBM, meanwhile, is more focused on expanding earnings per share, rather than pursuing less-profitable orders.\"All else being equal, you'd rather see top-line growth,\" said Toni Sacconaghi, an analyst at Sanford C Bernstein &amp; Co in New York . Still, he said, most investors are looking more closely at profit than sales. \"IBM has conditioned investors to focus on EPS growth. That's how it provides guidance.\"Intel also forecast narrower profit margins than analysts had anticipated, spurring a stock decline of as much as 3.3 per cent to $27.53 in extended trading. IBM dropped as much as 2.7 per cent to $201.80.Gross marginIntel's gross margin, or the percentage of sales remaining after deducting costs of production, will be about 62 per cent in the second quarter, Intel said in its earnings report. Analysts had projected gross margin of 63.5 per cent on average, according to data compiled by Bloomberg .Intel's costs are rising as it overhauls older plants and builds new ones. The company expects to recoup that investment when the factories reach full output, and Intel is sticking to its gross margin forecast of 64 per cent for the year.\"The whole story of Intel in the past two years has basically been margins,\" said Daniel Amir, an analyst at Lazard Capital Markets LLC in San Francisco . \"For the first time, they're kind of missing the margin target by more than a percent.\"Intel Chief Financial Officer Stacy Smith said demand from corporations and emerging markets remains relatively strong. The company's costs are rising because it's preparing three factories to run on the new 22-nanometer production process.'Relatively expensive'\"As we start the ramp of those products, the first units that come out are relatively expensive,\" Smith said. \"Then they come rapidly down the cost curve over the course of this year.\"Still, the sluggishness in Europe -- triggered by concerns that countries such as Greece and Spain may default -- has taken a toll on sales. And the PC industry is still recovering from a disk-drive shortage.\"We're forecasting against the backdrop of a hard-disk- drive shortage and relative weakness particularly in the mature market economies, in particular Europe,\" Smith said.Sales in the current period will be $13.6 billion, plus or minus $500 million, the Santa Clara, California-based company said. Analysts had estimated revenue of $13.43 billion, the average projection according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Sales were $13.03 billion a year earlier.Recovery coming?\"The revenue guidance is actually not bad -- it reflects a PC market recovery,\" Amir said. \"I think people expected it to be a little bit better.\" At IBM, the plan is to make up for slow growth by selling more-profitable software. Operating earnings will increase to at least $15 a share this year, IBM said yesterday, boosting its January forecast of at least $14.85.The company's net income advanced to $3.07 billion, or $2.61 a share, last quarter, from $2.86 billion, or $2.31, a year earlier. Excluding some items, earnings rose to $2.78 a share, topping the $2.65 projected by analysts.Revenue from Europe, Middle East and Africa declined 2 percent to $7.6 billion, while sales in the Americas and Asia- Pacific region increased. The effect on IBM's revenue growth from Europe's debt crisis may worry some investors, said Joseph Foresi, an analyst at Janney Montgomery Scott LLC in Boston .The euro averaged $1.31 in the first quarter, down 4.2 percent from the year-earlier period as Europe's financial woes continued. The drop means revenue from Europe, which combined with Middle East and Africa accounts for about a third of IBM's sales, is worth less when converted to dollars.Developing economiesChief Executive Officer Virginia \"Ginni\" Rometty, who took over in January, is seeking to expand in faster-growing economies. Revenue from growth markets, such as Brazil, India and China, increased 9 percent in the first quarter. Sales from the regions will make up at least 30 per cent of revenue by 2015, the company has said, up from 22 per cent in 2011.Sales at IBM's software unit rose 5.5 percent to $5.6 billion. Services revenue growth slowed to 0.7 percent from the fourth quarter's 3 percent, while hardware sales declined 6.7 per cent. IBM has set a goal of adding $20 billion in new revenue, in part by spending about $20 billion on acquisitions, from 2010 to 2015.Chief Financial Officer Mark Loughridge reiterated that acquisition goal on a conference call yesterday. IBM spent $1.3 billion in the first quarter closing purchases of five companies, including DemandTec Inc, he said.IBM also relies on cost cuts and stock buybacks to expand earnings per share, Bernstein's Sacconaghi said. The question for shareholders: How long will that strategy will work?\"Investors sometimes question can you continue to grow EPS when your revenue growth is so much lower,\" he said. \"At some point, you're going to run out of cost improvements.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12715110", "title": "Gullible fall for lure of yellow metal", "text": "BELGAUM:: Nippani police on Monday arrested five persons on charges of cheating people by selling duplicate gold biscuits and seized six biscuits weighing 600 gm, Rs 2.42 lakh and a car from them.The accused are Vishal Subramanyam Naidu,21, Sagar Sharad Vernekar,19, Sabir Badasha Hanchinamani,19, from Nippani town, Yaseen Ibrahim Mulla,19, and Jiya Ateek Naik,17, from Belgaum.Following a tip-off, a police team headed by Nippani PSI Sanjeevkumar Kambale, Stopped a car on the outskirts of the town and recovered six gold-coloured biscuits. When they checked with a goldsmith, they found it to be fake.At the same time, the team found bundles of Rs 500 and Rs 100 denomination notes in the car. It realized that only notes on the top of the bundles were original, the rest were white papers.During interrogation, the accused admitted that they were into money doubling business and cheating innocent people.A case has been registered in Nippani town police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12709982", "title": "ED files 14 cases in NRHM scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Enforcement Directorate (ED) on Tuesday filed 14 cases in connection with the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam being probed by the CBI. The ED action will spell fresh trouble for former family welfare minister Babu Singh Kushwaha and former principal secretary (family welfare) Pradeep Shukla, apart from over 40 public servants, contractors, businessmen and politicians.The high point of the ED cases is that the agency would start the process of attaching the properties of the 11 accused who have been chargesheeted by the CBI. Similar action will follow when the CBI files chargesheets in any of the 14 cases. So, Kushwaha and Shukla may not face the ED action now as both of them are yet to be chargesheeted, but the involvement of the agency will aggravate their woes.The ED is believed to have come across innovative ways in which some of the accused have stashed the swindled money in India and abroad. In some cases the money was invested in property and business within India through some business houses which were also involved in supply of pharmaceuticals and medical equipment. In the real estate business, investments have been traced to some new multi-star hotels in some Indian cities where foreigners' inflow is high, ED sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12709147", "title": "Stone missile injures woman cop on train", "text": "MUMBAI: A 23-year-old woman traffic constable, who was travelling by a Western Railway local early on Tuesday, was critically injured in her face after a stone flung at the train hit her. The stone just about missed Vanita Hazare's right eye.The Andheri GRP has lodged a case under the Railways Act against the culprit who is yet to be identified.Hazare, attached to the Malad traffic division, stays at Kandivli with her family. On Monday night, she had gone to her aunt's house in Andheri and the next day, she took a Virar local around 5.30 am, to report to work.\"Hazare was travelling in a first-class compartment, in which she stood near the footboard, facing the Churchgate direction. At 5.32 am, between Andheri and Jogeshwari stations, a stone hit her sharply under her right eye making her cry out in pain, even as her cheek started bleeding,\" a police said. \"The stone was flung from the tracks' western side.\"Left feeling dizzy, Hazare waited for a while and got off at Goregaon where the GRP took her to Bhagwati Hospital. By then, her cheek had swollen up and her eye had turned red. After being treated, she reported to work. Around 10.45 pm, Hazare, accompanied by her colleagues, went to Andheri station to record an FIR. \"I don't know who hit me with a stone and why. I was very scared and dazed,\" Hazare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12711899", "title": "Unplanned growth in hills, an invitation to disaster", "text": "SHIMLA: While the state and Army spar over Annadale ground for its usage as a sporting or disaster mitigation space, elsewhere magnitude of unplanned growth increases risks of a disaster in waiting, as more and more high rise buildings come up in the hills and town planners grapple with over 6,000 structures that have violated building laws in the state.This comes at a time when violations in building laws are being blamed for the collapse of a 4-story building in Jalandhar on Sunday, which has so far claimed the lives of 8 people while over 100 workers are still feared to be trapped inside.With elections due by end of the year, the government is readying a plan to regularize thousands of buildings that have been built in violation of construction norms.To gauge the disaster vulnerability, TARU, a Gandhinagar, Gujarat-based consultancy, has been assigned the task of preparing a disaster risk related atlas. We have prepared one for Gujarat,\" says Gopal Krishan Bhat, MD of TARU.Sounding a note of caution about the tectonics at play, RK Sood, professor and head of disaster management at HP Insititute of Public Administration says, \" About 32 % of Himachal geographical area falls under Zone 5 of seismic activity, which is highest level for severe earthquake-prone areas and another 64%, which includes Shimla is under Zone 4 grade.\"In 90 years, 250 earthquakes have been recorded in the state with Kangra, Chamba, Hamirpur, Mandi and Kullu districts being part of the Zone 5 vulnerability index. A severe earthquake in 1905 had flattened much of Kangra district and claimed over 20,000 lives.Sources in the urban development department pointed out that there were over 6,000 buildings across 21 townships and 34 Special Area Development Authority (SADA) that had deviated from construction plans and needed to be regularized.Whereas the Town and Country Planning Act applied to all new buildings in these regulated areas, but what was worse was the law did not apply to all urban local bodies and all apartments being built under the Apartment Act, some of which were in rural areas. If all areas are considered, number of illegal structures in the state would be much more, he said.Leading the pack of unauthorized structures is the high court building in Shimla, which has 11 floors. However, Mohinder Singh, state minister of urban development let the Vidhan Sabha know recently that the government was considering a policy to regularize some of the buildings where the deviations were within some permissible limits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12710294", "title": "Dowry demand spurs suicide by teen girl in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: The father of an 18-year-old girl lodged an FIR with Kanota police station on Tuesday saying that his daughter committed suicide at her house as she was depressed over dowry demands made by her would be inlaws.The father said that she had been engaged and the would be inlaws were demanding a four-wheeler, following which she committed suicide. The girl was allegedly depressed as she knew that the father would not be able to meet the dowry demands due to his financial condition.According to the police, one Suresh Kumar , a resident of Jeetawala village, has filed the case.\"He says that his daughter Santosh committed suicide by hanging at his house on March 29. The family members were so shocked that they did not immediately lodge an FIR,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12709080", "title": "2 attack widow, kidnap grandkid but abandon her", "text": "MUMBAI: Two youths on Monday evening assaulted a widow at her home in Dahisar (E) and abducted her granddaughter before fleeing. They, however, abandoned the child at Jogeshwari from where a shopkeeper managed to unite her with her family.Kusum Shah (50) stays at Vaishali Nagar with her son, daughter-in-law and grandchild. Her daughter, son-in-law Viral Gala and their six-year-old daughter, Grisha, stay in Bhayander (E). With her school shut for vacation, Grisha has been spending her holiday with the Shahs. On Monday evening, Shah was alone at home with Grisha. Around 7.15 pm, two men rang the doorbell, following which Shah let them in and they had a talk, the police said. \"As she talked to them, the men took out an iron griddle and a pressure cooker from her kitchen and hit her on her head, forehead, face and hands. Shah sustained severe injuries and started bleeding,\" a police official said. Even as she writhed in pain, the two picked up Grisha and fled, the police added. Shah managed to call her family who rushed her to the ICCU of Bhagwati Hospital.Meanwhile, Grisha's father, Gala, received a call from a shopkeeper in Jogeshwari telling him that the girl had been abandoned in the area. After the two men apparently dumped Grisha in Jogeshwari, the shopkeeper found her loitering about in the area and asked her about her parents; she gave him her father's cellphone number, said the police. Gala immediately brought Grisha back home and also informed the Dahisar police about it. Officials suspect the accused did not have the motive to abduct the child as they dumped her soon after and did not even demand a ransom. \"Grisha was probably taken away to frighten Shah and to prevent her from raising an alarm,\" an officer said.At the hospital, Shah told the Dahisar police that she had put her house on sale and the accused might have come to talk about it. The police are, however, verifying the truth behind her claim. \"She may know more about the accused,\" said an official, adding that she claimed that the two visited her on Sunday after seeing the on-sale sign on her house. But ACP Sunil Deshmukh said, \"We have learnt that the accused visited Shah's residence a fortnight ago as well. There's a possibility that a dispute broke out between the two sides. Shah told us that the men were in their twenties. One of them is from Gujarat and the other from West Bengal. Due to her medical condition, we can't pressure her for details.\" A case of attempt to commit murder has been lodged by the Dahisar police against the two.The police suspect that during their earlier visit, the two may have conducted a recce of the house. As the Shahs' flat is in a secluded spot, the guards could have missed the two entering and leaving, said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12711797", "title": "ULC scam: 12 anticipatory bail pleas of three people rejected", "text": "PUNE: The district and sessions court on Tuesday rejected 12 anticipatory bail pleas of three suspects in the urban land ceiling (ULC) certificate scam.The suspects, ULC agent Atul Panse, his employee Sanjay Chopade and Rajendra Murkute, had obtained interim bail on October 25, 2011. Their bail pleas were extended time and again.On Tuesday, additional sessions judge D R Mahajan observed that the co-suspects have given statements revealing the involvement of the suspects in forging documents.While refusing to give the suspects benefit of parity as most of the suspects were granted bail, judge Mahajan observed that the Bombay high court in its order dated August 30, 2011 had granted bail to landlords as they were not involved in forging ULC certificates. But the HC had refused bail to builders/ developers as they had entered into a contract with landlords and had obtained the forged ULC certificates.The judge held that the ULC orders have different dates and fake signatures of competent authorities and that the high court had not granted relief to such persons in the scam.Panse had filed eight bail pleas, while Chopade and Murkute had filed three and one pleas respectively.Public prosecutor Ujjwala Pawar opposed the bail pleas as Panse was involved in forging ULC orders while other suspects had allegedly helped him in preparing all the orders.Pawar submitted that custodial interrogation of the suspects was required to find out where the forged ULC orders and fake seals were prepared and who had forged the signature of the additional collector and competent authority of the Pune Agglomeration.The defence lawyers had pleaded that their custodial interrogation was not essential because they were interrogated by the state criminal investigate on department on various occasions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12711966", "title": "Finding new CET dates was tough for Karnataka Examination Authority", "text": "BANGALORE: With the national exam calendar packed, the Karnataka Examination Authority (KEA) had a tough task finding new dates for the Common Entrance Test (CET).The KLE University All-India Entrance Test - 2012 is scheduled for May 5; Armed Forces Medical College and ComedK entrance tests are on May 6; All-India Pre-Medical/Dental Entrance Exam and Common Law Entrance Test are on May 13; Banaras Hindu University has it on May 16; Christian Medical College, Vellore, has scheduled it for May 18; Amrita University on May 19; St Johns Medical College and JIPMER entrance tests are on May 27.The KEA also had to counter-check with the CBSE as the AIEEE online window was between May 7 and 26.The postponement of CET was inevitable because the same lecturers are going to be involved in the logistics. Pre-test work for CET usually starts by April 23. This includes the despatch of OMR sheets, question papers and hall tickets. There is a series of meetings during this period. The PU lecturers perform different roles and PU colleges become the centre of activity.CET is taken by around 1.5 lakh science students for entry into medical, dental and engineering colleges. This is the first time that seat selection process will take place online.By the time the students sit for CET, they would have already known the results of the other competitive exams like IIT-JEE (May 18).Nithin Kumar K, a student of Jnanodaya PU College who is taking CE, the Comed-K test and AIEEE, says: \"Now I go for tuitions focused on CET as it was supposed to be the first and most important exam for me. But now AIEEE will be my first exam. Even when all other exams get over, we cannot relax and have to continue our preparations for CET. We started with intense preparations last March. The tension will go on till August. There is so much confusion. It's so frustrating!\"In the meantime, valuation of II PU answerscripts has resumed with more than 90% of the lecturers reporting to work. Some of them, who had gone to their hometowns or had travelled to Bangalore for the protests, are yet to reach the valuation centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12714351", "title": "It's Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal for Priyadarshan", "text": "Priyadarshan is known for his infectious sense of humor that works so well with the audiences. The same goes for the set of actors who swear by him. The day, Priyadarshan received the Padmashri, with his team of dedicated actors, the director was shooting for Percept Pictures' Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal in Film City.Considering that this was also the year when Priyan again bagged the National Award as well as taking on the responsibility of the Chairman of the Kerala Chalchitra Academy, there is a lot to look forward to. But Priyan is a man of few words. Focus is the key and he prefers to let his work do the talking. We catch up with Priyadarshan at Film City and get him talking...So, it is Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal this time...Yes.Tell us more about it...Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal is a big film in terms of narrative, the plot size, number of days of shoot etc. The production values are great, the cast is also a treat to work with. We have Nana Patekar with Paresh Rawal , Om Puri , Shreyas Talpade , Asrani, Shakti Kapoor amongst many others and this time the music also gets mainstream with Sajid Wajid. I am very happy with what they have created. It is fun, original and enjoyable to the fullest.How is it working with seasoned actors?They have all worked with me or are people with whom I share a mutual admiration. When you have actors who trust you completely, it is a delight. I do not believe in favoritism. The actors are cast according to the script once it is complete. That is the way I always function.But you have always stated that if you were a woman, you would have married Paresh Rawal?(Grins) Yes , I did. It is because he is with me in almost 20 films. If he was a woman, they would have stated, we have an affair. He is a man. So I made that statement. What should I say about him or Shakti or Asrani? They have worked with me on so many films. To them, it is just another film they enjoy being part of.How is Nana to work with?We share a mutual admiration for one another. He is a pleasure to work with.So, does Nana have a pretty woman opposite him?Why does he need one? He has me (guffaws!)What about Shreyas Talpade?Shreyas is one of the most talented actors I ever met. He has not been exploited to his fullest potential. This film will bring him to a new league altogether...You said this film is more musical...Yes, we have some great score by Sajid-Wajid. The earlier film did not focus on music. This one has some amazing numbers.So how does it feel receiving the Padmashri?83 films, 150 ads, 16 National Awards for films and two myself, I think I deserve it. And I am the only director to make films with both genres over 32 years in all five languages...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12710877", "title": "Lokayukta warrant against witness", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lokayukta on Tuesday issued warrant against a witness for not providing material evidence against former minister Awadhpal Singh. The person in question, Sooraj Prakash, is a resident of Park Road, and is said to be in possession of evidence that could conclusively nail the former minister, already indicted by the Lokayukta .The minister was indicted for corruption by Lokayukta in August 2011. In his 36-paged report, Justice Mehrotra found the minister prima facie guilty of grabbing gram samaj land in his hometown, Etah, misusing office for awarding construction contract of veterinary hospitals to his son, dairy contracts to his relative, instigating violence against his rivals and getting his name entered into the revenue records on false documents to take illegal possession of gram samaj land, besides involvement in criminal activities.After indicting Yadav, Lokayukta NK Mehrotra had recommended lodging a case against him under anti-corruption Act and Abolition of Zamindari Land Reforms Act besides recommending his removal from the state cabinet. However, apart from sacking Yadav from her cabinet, Mayawati government did not executed other recommendations. Talking to TOI, Justice Mehrotra said: \"the warrant is bailable as of now. Non-compliance of the order would invite a stronger action.\"In another development, the Lokayukta has reiterated the need to initiate action against those indicted in cases of corruption. \"Only dropping the minister from cabinet does not solve purpose. The people will get no benefit if strict action is not taken against those found guilty and public land is free for public purpose. Politicians indicted for corruption hop from one party to another and continue in politics, whereas public does not get anything. Actions should be speedy and exemplary so that they act as a deterrent for the corrupt,\" the Lokayukta told reporters on Tuesday. Lokayukta indicted eight ministers of Mayawati government. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12710786", "title": "Vuda wakes up to land scam", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: In the wake of the Rs 500-crore land scam, the Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority (VUDA) has decided to protect its land from encroachers and illegal allotments.Vuda has ordered all the sub-registrar offices not to register any land which was illegally allotted to ineligible beneficiaries. The details of about 300 acres of Vuda land with their survey numbers and extent have been forwarded to the sub-registrar offices by Vuda authorities. The officials said no further transactions should be taken up as the government vigilance agency is conducting an inquiry into the land scam.Vuda vice-chairman Kona Sasidhar said some persons were in possession of the Vuda land and registered it in the name of third parties, thereby causing huge loss to the stamps and registrations department. He said the land in Rushikonda, Madurawada, Endada, Adibhatlanagar of Endada, Paradesipalem, Kurmannapalem, Pedawaltair, Ocean View layout at Paradesipalem and Chinnagantyada was illegally registered.Sources said the land tracts were given away to ineligible beneficiaries with the active connivance of some Vuda employees. Though Vuda has not taken any stringent action against the erring employees, it has decided to protect its land by putting an end to registrations.After the land scam broke, Sasidhar conducted an inquiry and submitted a report to the government by detailing the role of some IAS officers, who had served as vice-chairmen of Vuda, in the fraud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12710804", "title": "Bathani Tola massacre: CPI(ML) protests verdict", "text": "PATNA: The CPI(ML) alleged on Tuesday that the acquittal of 23 Bathani Tola massacre convicts by the Patna High Court (HC) on the ground that the prosecution had failed to prove their culpability beyond doubt showed that the Nitish government was shielding the rich, feudal and influential people at the cost of poor. The government's claim of \"nyay ke saath vikas (justice with growth)\" now stood exposed, it said.As many as 21 people, mostly women and children, were killed at Bathani Tola in Sahar block of Bhojpur district allegedly by the Ranvir Sena, a private militia of upper caste people, on July 11, 1996. The Bhojpur district court at Ara had convicted and sentenced three people to death and 20 others to life imprisonment for the carnage in May 2010.Stating that the party would move the Supreme Court, party politburo member Ramji Rai, state committee's Central Committee member K D Yadav and AIPWA general secretary Meena Tiwari said the party would urge the apex court to intervene in the matter and order an impartial probe into the massacre.Rai said, \"The party had expressed its apprehensions at the time when Nitish government had scrapped the Amirdas Commission, which had been set up to examine the links of state politicians with the Ranvir Sena.\" The leaders regretted that the HC, while acquitting the convicts on Monday, did not suo motu order an impartial probe into the case.Tiwari alleged that the Nitish government may be swearing by the empowerment of women and mahadalits, but death sentence to 14 poor people in the Amausi massacre case and life imprisonment to Rupam Pathak tell a different story. \"This government is encouraging communal and feudal forces under the garb of rule of law,\" she said. The party held demonstrations across the state in protest against the verdict on Tuesday. The leaders said the party would intensify its struggle to ensure justice to the poor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12710343", "title": "A bicycle mission to create awareness on AIDS", "text": "JAIPUR: \"Joh mere saath hua mein nahi chahta ki woh kissi aur ke saath ho,\" said Amar Kumar Ramchand Dolani, an HIV positive man on a mission to create awareness among people about the dreaded disease by traveling across the country on his bicycle. Forty-year-old Kumar runs a grocery business at Bhavnagar in Gujarat.Kumar, who covered 14 districts of Rajasthan and completed 10,000 km, arrived in Jaipur on Tuesday. He started his journey from Gujarat and distributes pamphlets which carry all information about HIV/AIDS including how it can be cured.Last year, when he came to know that he was HIV positive, he faced social boycott. \"I want people to be aware that a person affected by HIV can live the life with pride and dignity. I want to make as many people aware about the disease as I can,\" said Kumar. \"Usually people don't talk about it but I think by talking we can solve the problems so that other people won't suffer from such disease,\" he said. He also went to villages which are near the border where people know about the disease but did not know where can they go for better treatment.Meanwhile, his family is completely in support of him, including his 14-year-old son. \"When they came to know that I am HIV positive, their behaviour towards me was different but when they came to know that I can live a normal life like others, they changed their attitude,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12709987", "title": "4 private hospitals to stop treating poor patients temporarily", "text": "MUMBAI: In a first-of-its-kind directive, the charity commissioner has allowed four private charitable hospitals - Jaslok, Hiranandani, Breach Candy and Lilavati - to temporarily stop treating poor patients. For the last few years, many private hospitals approached the commissioner stating their financial difficulty in treating poor patients.Charitable hospitals are duty-bound to set aside 2% of their total patients' billing every month to an Indigent Patients' Fund (IPF) account, funds from which should only be spent to treat indigent and weaker section patients. They are also under legal obligation to earmark 10% of their total beds for indigent patients, and another 10% at concessional rate to weaker section patients.These four hospitals claimed that their indigent patients' funds have been running into negative for the couple of years, and that they were easily spending more than 2%. All the four have claimed they have overspent to the tune of anything between Rs 5-15 crore in treating the poor. The charity commissioner's directive, while allowing the hospitals to put the scheme on hold till the time their IPF accounts show positive balance, also stated that under no circumstances can these hospitals deny emergency care to an indigent patient.President of Association of Hospitals (AOH) and CEO of Hinduja Hospital Pramod Lele said it provided the much-needed solution to the dilemma that public trust hospitals often faced. \"The law was unclear on what needs to be done in case of shortfall in the account. We could not stop treating patients saying we have fulfilled our quota,\" he said.Jaslok Hospital claimed to have overspent over Rs 8 crore in treating patients under IPF in the last few years, while Lilavati Hospital authorities claimed to have been treating the poor despite running a negative IPF balance of around Rs 14 crore.A spokesperson for Lilavati Hospital said they would continue treating the poor. Jaslok Hospital authorities, too, said patients would be admitted and treated under the IPF though the numbers could be less.CEO of Hiranandani Hospital Sujit Chatterjee said it was a landmark stand on the part of the charity commissioner's office. \"This directive would help implement the scheme better as now hospitals know that if they are under stress, they will have breathing space,\" he said.The decision, however, has raised eyebrows, as health activists have remained skeptical about the reach of the scheme. Leni Chaudhuri from Jan Swasthya Abhiyan-Mumbai said that according to data collected from the charity commissioner's website in 2008, there were 57 charitable hospitals with a total of 6,909 beds, which have reserved only around 16% of their total beds for indigent and weaker sections. \"Studies among 25 charitable hospitals revealed that many hospitals do not have the scheme displayed in conspicuous areas, while others have not displayed it at all,\" she said. This was contested by the head of these hospitals, who feel the scheme often does not reach needy patients due to corruption in government offices. \"There are innumerable cases where well-to-do patients come with fake income certificates from the tehsildar's office. Of course, we do reject when it is very obvious,\" said one of the hospital heads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "get ready to pay more for textbooks", "code": "12711031", "title": "Get ready to pay more for textbooks", "text": "Get ready to pay more for textbooks: Students of class VI,VII,VIII and class X, XI and XII will have to pay more for their textbooks from this academic year. The Gujarat State Textbook Board has hiked the prices of textbooks by 60-100 per cent. Board officials said that hike has been done to improve the quality of the textbooks and to meet the increased paper and printing costs. Officials said that the SSC maths textbook which used to cost Rs 45 will now cost Rs 101. tnnThe science textbook which earlier cost Rs 52 will now be available at Rs 89.The textbooks of class XII (science) which used to cost Rs 252 will now cost Rs 278. The students will have to pay Rs 556 for the set of textbooks of two semesters.The textbooks of class VI which was available at Rs 94 is expected to cost more at Rs 132 per set. The cost of class VII textbooks is expected to go up from Rs 97 to Rs 138 while the cost of class VIII textbooks is expected to go up from Rs 140 to Rs 151.Officials of the Gujarat Rajya Booksellers Hitrakshak Samiti said that the price hike in textbooks will impact a big number of children especially the poor and rural students whose parents may find it difficult to buy textbooks for their wards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12711180", "title": "Gujarat University surrenders vacancies to government", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat University (GU) has surrendered the recruitment on 74 vacancies granted by the state government as it does not wish to court controversy following the procedures directed to be followed by the education government.Controversy has erupted over the vacant positions in the GU colleges in the run up to National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) inspection which is expected shortly. The GU had requested government to give permission to fill 75 teaching positions and 140 non-teaching positions lying vacant in the GU as vacant positions would adversely impact the NAAC rating.The state government granted permission to appoint recruit personnel on 37 teaching vacancies as well as 37 non-teaching vacancies. The government directed that advertisement for recruitment on all these positions be given and teaching and non-teaching staff recruited,.However, the GU officials found that 20 positions each in both the category had to be filled through promotions as per GU rules and regulations and only 17 positions in both categories could be advertised and staff recruited. However, when the education department insisted that recruitment on all positions be done by giving advertisements and following procedure as laid out by the government.The GU is already reeling under 164 non-teaching employees threatening to go on strike if they are not made permanent despite working in the GU for years. If the GU follows government directives, it would mean appointing head clerks over the existing administrative staff which would create unrest. tnn\"Considering the complexities involved in the recruitment on vacant positions, we have surrendered the seats to the state government and asked them to take action,\" GU vice chancellor Parimal Trivedi said.GU officials said that the concern is that if these vacancies are not filled in time, GU may get low NAAC ratings which may affect the prospects of the GU as well as the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12710630", "title": "'Tainted' contractor stays in race for MCG tender", "text": "GURGAON: The chances of the \"tainted\" sanitation contractor getting the contract got brighter when the technical bid was opened on Tuesday. Out of five agencies that bid for the tender, one was disqualified, leaving only four in the race for the four municipal zones, Balaji Security Services being one of them.Despite mounting pressure on the MCG to blacklist this agency, the authorities have failed to do so. However, a couple of weeks ago, the Municipal Corporation of Faridabad (MCF) had delisted this agency after receiving many complaints against it. It also forfeited the security amount of Rs 5 lakh.\"Balaji Security Services started sanitation work in the Ballabhgarh zone in October last year and almost immediately we started getting complaints that he was not doing any work. It was a big setback for us since we selected him after floating a global tender. On record he claimed that he would engage 650 sanitation workers but the ground reality was very different,\" said a senior MCG official.\"It was then that we formed a committee which decided to terminate his contract and delist the agency, whereby the contractor can never do any work in the MCF. We also forfeited the security amount of Rs 5 lakh he had deposited with us and also did not release his payment for the past three months,\" he added.It would be interesting to see if the MCG commissioner does follow the example set by the MCF. All the 35 MCG councillors have already submitted an affidavit to the financial commissioner (urban local bodies) to blacklist this agency. Talking to TOI on Tuesday, financial commissioner Ram Niwas said he would look into the matter. \"I am not aware that Balaji Secuirty Services is a one of the shortlisted agencies for the sanitation contract in an MCG area. I will certainly look into the matter and formulate the necessary steps to be taken.\"According to sources, the fact that only five agencies came forward and applied for the tender indicates that contractors have lost faith in the MCG owing to its delay in releasing the payment.The MCG is in the process of assessing the technical bids and in a couple of days will hold the financial bid after which the sanitation contract will be awarded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12718158", "title": "Tantrik sent to 7 years in jail for raping woman", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bhawani Baba, a 'tantrik' claiming to have spiritual powers, has been sentenced to seven years imprisonment by a Delhi court for raping a 28-year-old widow by \"hypnotising\" her on pretext of solving her problems.Jai Narain, 41, an occultist who was popularly known as Bhawani Baba, had raped the woman in May 2009 by locking her inside a jhuggi after making her smell some substance during a \"ritual\", the court concluded in its judgement.\"From evidence, prosecution has been able to prove cogently and firmly all links leading to unerring conclusion that on May 3, 2009 at about 3.00 PM accused Jai Narain, at a jhuggi in Delhi, wrongfully confined the prosecutrix by closing the jhuggi from inside and after hypnotising her committed rape upon her without her consent and also threatened to kill her and her son, if the incident is disclosed to anyone,\" said Additional Sessions Judge Mahesh Chander Gupta.The victim and her minor child had told the court that a \"ceremony\" was being performed by Narain for which the child was sent out of the jhuggi and she was made to smell something for being hypnotized.The court was also informed that police had recovered several articles from Narain's home which included female undergarments, 13 photographs of women , 'panjas' (paws), beak and mouths of birds and a digital player.The court sentenced Narain to seven years rigorous imprisonment for rape and one year for wrongful confinement and criminal intimidation each. It, however, said all sentences will run concurrently and also slapped a total fine of Rs 5,000 on him.Narain, who remained in judicial custody since his arrest on May 5, 2009, had denied all charges during trial but after conviction he sought lenient punishment contending that he is a poor person, a first time convict and \"victim of circumstances\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12709666", "title": "Americans believe close US-China ties good for them: Poll", "text": "WASHINGTON: Most Americans believe close relationship between the United States and China is good for their country, according to a latest poll on Tuesday.Most adults and opinion leaders in the US say a close relationship between the US and China is a good thing for the US. About eight in ten Americans and 88 per cent of US opinion leaders say this, a Gallup-China Daily USA study said.However, about six in 10 in both groups say China's growing influence in the world is bad for the US, it said.According to the opinion poll, perceptions about the development of US-China relations over the past decade are varied in the US.Americans are slightly more likely to say relations between the US and China have improved or stayed the same in the last 10 years than to say they have declined.About one-third of Americans (35 per cent) and 43 per cent of US opinion leaders say relations between the US and China have improved in the last decade. Twenty-eight per cent of US adults and 22 per cent of US opinion leaders say relations have declined, and one-third of each group says relations have stayed the same, it said.When asked about their own opinions of China, about half of each group says their personal views of China have not changed in the last five years.One in five Americans and 28 per cent of US opinion leaders say their opinion has improved. For 28 per cent of US adults and 22 per cent of opinion leaders opinions have declined over the same time span, the poll said.While most Americans say strong relations between China and the US are important, they also perceive major barriers to achieving this. Three-fourths note a lack of trust between the two countries as a major barrier.Majorities also see the trade imbalance, an increasing demand for natural resources, and different political systems as major barriers to strong US-China relations, it said.\"US opinion leaders hold similar views as the general public about barriers to strong US-China relations with lack of trust topping the list. Opinion leaders are less likely than US adults to say cultural misunderstandings are a major barrier, at 40 percent and 48 percent, respectively,\" the poll said.Another perceived barrier to strong US-China relations could be Americans' perceptions of China as a military threat.About half of the American public (51 per cent) and 60 per cent of opinion leaders say China's growing military is a threat to US national security. Eighteen percent of US adults and 17 per cent of opinion leaders disagree, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710019", "title": "MCD polls: Sun sets in the East for Sheila\u2019s Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit's ambitious project of trifurcating MCD and her decision to carve out a separate municipality - smaller than the North and South corporations - with 64 wards in the east has backfired very badly. Unimpressed by the infrastructure projects and hundreds of crores spent on flyovers and Metro links in the run-up to Commonwealth Games in 2010, the people living in slums, unauthorized colonies and Muslim-dominated belts have ruthlessly rejected Congress, making way for BJP which won 35 of the 64 seats. The Congress ended on the fringes, gasping with just 19 seats.It's a blow to Congress in its own bastion. Dikshit's son, Sandeep Dikshit, is the MP from East Delhi and Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee president JP Aggarwal the MP from Northeast. Also this area is home to heavyweights in the CM's cabinet - education minister Arvinder Singh Lovely and urban development minister AK Walia. In Walia's Laxmi Nagar constituency, all four wards went to the BJP. Former health minister and Shahdara MLA Narendra Nath, who is the CM's confidant, too could not contain the anti-Congress wave. While Shahdara, Jhilmil and Dilshad Colony wards were claimed by BJP, rebel Preeti, who was a sitting councilor in the MCD, defeated the Congress candidate in Vivek Vihar , Shahdara.Rebels fighting as independents, disgruntled ticket-seekers and strong contenders from smaller parties like Bahujan Samaj Party played spoilers, making things worse.In Gandhi Nagar assembly constituency, Lovely looked quite relieved when the Congress candidates managed to win three wards. In this stronghold of Lovely, the Azad Nagar ward was lost to BJP as the BSP candidate and a Peace Party candidate cut into the winning margin of the Congress candidate by taking away 3000 votes. This gave the BJP an edge, leading to the Congress debacle here by a mere 900 votes.The Congress failed to perform even in traditional strongholds like Kondli, Trilokpuri, Seemapuri Seelampur and Karawal Nagar which just did not vote for the party.The losses in east are a major setback for the CM personally as she has nurtured the area, pumping in funds running into hundreds of crores. The CM brought key projects like the ITO Chungi flyover, Geeta Colony bridge, link with Salimgarh bypass on Outer Ring Road, Ghazipur flyover and Metro lines besides promises of development to the people of East neglected for decades. In 2008, Dikshit had returned to power for the third time with voters of east and northeast contributing significantly to the victory.According to political observers, the results in east show that the traditional votebanks of Congress are looking for other options. The Congress campaign for development and promises of regularization of unauthorized colonies and houses for economically weaker sections has had no effect here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12711897", "title": "Major water cuts in city on Thursday", "text": "PUNE: Taps will run dry in almost all parts of the city on Thursday to facilitate electrical and mechanical repairs at Parvati, Cantonment, Wadgaon, SNDT and New Holkar water works of the Pune Municipal Corporation. The water supply will resume late in the morning on Friday with low pressure.The areas to be affected are as follows.Warje/SNDT water works: Bhusari Colony, Shastrinagar, Bavdhan, Bhugaon Road, Sus Road, Baner, Balewadi, Pashan, Warje highway, Karve Road, Erandawane, Deccan, Jaibhavaninagar, Sutardara, Dahanukar Colony, Gandhibhavan, Mahatma Society, Warje, Model Colony, Law College Road, Gokhalenagar, Bhonsalenagar, Aundh, Bopodi and Khadki.Wadgaon water works: Sinhagad Road, Hingne, Wadgaon, Dhayari, Dhankawadi, Katraj, Aanandnagar, Ambegaon Pathar, Santoshnagar, Kondhwa Budruk and Dattanagar areas.Parvati water works: All the 'peth' areas, Dattawadi, Rajendranagar, Lokmanyanagar, Deccan, Shivajinagar, Swargate, Parvati Darshan, Mukundnagar, Parvati village, Sahakarnagar, Satara Road, Bibvewadi, Taljai, Katraj, Dhankawadi and Indiranagar.Cantonment water works: Pune Cantonment, Pune station, Koregaon Park, Tadiwala Road, race course, Kondhwa, Hadapsar, Mundhwa, Yerawada, Vishrantwadi, Kalyaninagar, Wadagaon Sheri, Chandannagar, Solapur Road, Gondhalenagar and Satavwadi.New Holkar water works: Ahmednagar Road areas, Vimannagar, Dhanori, Kalas, Khadki and Vidyanagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12716558", "title": "Sonali Bendre fussy about pants!", "text": "Every celeb has his/her fetish and Sonali Bendre we've heard has it for her pants!During a recently held fashion event, Sonali revealed, \"I am extremely finicky when it comes to choosing what pants I am wearing. I want my trousers/ jeans to be comfortable and classy. I can take hours to decide which pants I should wear for an event.\"Sonali thus sticks to wearing designer Siddhartha Tytler's outfits as she knows they are just the way she likes it. \"I wear Siddhartha's outfits as they are just perfect for me and my style.\"Speaking of fetish, Preity Zinta we've heard is extremely fussy about her hair and thus never forgets to carry her hair sprays everywhere she goes!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12711980", "title": "Govt claims advocates' PIL devoid of public interest", "text": "BANGALORE: The government on Tuesday contended before the high court that the PIL by Advocates' Association of Bangalore (AAB) is devoid of any public interest. ''It (PIL) is only confined to protect a section of advocates who have indulged in unlawful assembly, rioting and vandalizing public properties during the March 2 violence in the City Civil Court complex,'' the government said in its response.The government also claimed that AAB's pleas are 'one-sided' and amount to protecting the accused as several cases of serious offences have also been registered against many advocates in connection with the fracas. The state suggested two alternatives - set up Special Investigation Team (SIT) and hand over cases pertaining to it or to the CID.Judges' quartersA division bench headed by Justice DV Shylendra quashed the tender/contract in favour of Asian Fab Tech relating to furnishing of 14 quarters built by PWD in Hebbal, on grounds of violation of Transparency Act. The bench directed PWD to renotify the tender. As far as work already executed in seven quarters is concerned, the bench said the state can make the payment much below the standard rate after undertaking fresh tender process and arriving at a competitive value.Notice over HDK's pleaJustice KN Keshavanarayana on Tuesday ordered notice to Lokayukta police over a criminal petition filed by former chief minister HD Kumaraswamy seeking anticipatory bail. He fixed April 20 as the next hearing date. Kumaraswamy filed this petition after a chargesheet was filed against him by Lokayukta police following a private complaint alleging illegalities in denotification of government land in 2007 when he was CM.Manual scavengingThe government told the high court that a circular has been issued on March 8 banning manual scavenging in the state and 50 more machines had been provided to urban local bodies for clearing sewer lines. The court asked the state to consider the issue of compensation to victims who had died while clearing sewer/drains in terms of the apex court order wherein Rs 5 lakh was ordered to be paid. The State has paid Rs 1.5 lakh as compensation to families of four victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12716367", "title": "Ex-Army officer moves SC to stop Odisha govt from releasing Maoists", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hours before the deadline set by Maoists for release of their jailed members in exchange of an abducted Odisha MLA, a retired Army officer on Wednesday approached the Supreme Court to restrain the state government from meeting Maoists' demands.Major General (retd) Gangurdep Bakshi pleaded with the apex court that the state government should be restrained from releasing the Maoists as they were captured by security forces, which had to put their lives on stake to nab them.Bakshi, a counter-terrorism operations expert, submitted that his petition be given urgent hearing as the deadline set by the Maoists would come to an end on Wednesday at 5 pm.Agreeing to hear his plea, a bench of justices T S Thakur and Gyan Sudha Misra, however, pulled up Bakshi for moving the court so late.\"You can't come at the eleventh hour and plead for urgent hearing,\" the bench said.The apex court further said it would require the help of the Centre's law officer in the matter and listed the matter for hearing on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12714438", "title": "Local artist among five picked for Maldives exhibition", "text": "GUWAHATI: The prestigious Lalit Kala Akademi of India has invited noted Assamese artist Kishore Kumar Das to join five others from across the country to take part in the South Asian Association and Regional Cooperation ( SAARC) camp and exhibition scheduled to be held in the Maldives from April 26.The invited artists will compose their works based on the theme, 'Nature and arts at their best'.Das is the only artist from the northeast to be invited to the camp which will be attended by around 23 artists from various south Asian countries.Das, winner of the Lalit Kala Akademi award in 2005, will participate in interactive sessions, open discussions and workshops. He is scheduled to leave for Male on April 22.\"I am elated at being invited by the prestigious Lalit Kala Akademi. I am among the artists from Delhi, Kolkata, Bangalore and south India who have been invited for the camp. This is a great opportunity. I am honoured to represent my state and I am planning to highlight Assam's culture, heritage and socioeconomic situation in my work,\" said Das.When asked why he was selected, Das added, \"Probably because of my resume as a practicing artist. I am not sure about the criteria, but whatever may be the reason, I am honoured to get this chance to represent Assam and India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12710078", "title": "A tutor who gets top marks", "text": "MUMBAI: \"Teaching is a passion and I gave up my corporate job in order that I have the flexibility to do other things in life,\" serial exam-giver Patrick D'Souza told this correspondent.He runs a tutorial in Dadar and Thane. Giving up a 24/7 job allows him to run marathons and play chess (he holds an international ranking), apart from spending time with family.Since his first shot at a competitive test, D'souza's scores have never figured lower than the 99th percentile in any exam. It was in 1998 as a young lad that he took a slew of entrance tests to join a management school.He received a call from IIM-Calcutta but could not convert it into an offer for admission then. Soon after he took the state's CET for MBA and stood third; he later went on to join Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies and graduate in 2000.Today D'souza is happy teaching a small batch of those who get feted for their top scores. But the dad in him beats the prof any day. D'souza would rather play with his little one right now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710166", "title": "MCD polls: Congress' north bastions breached", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP's resounding victory in North Corporation - with 59 seats - has set alarm bells ringing in the Congress. BJP has managed to make a dent in areas long considered Congress strongholds. Despite an average performance in the unified MCD, it didn't lose its traditional vote bank - traders and Punjabis.The saffron party has won 15 seats in the four assembly constituencies - Karol Bagh, Patel Nagar, Moti Nagar and Rajinder Nagar - that have a large population of Punjabis and traders. Two of these constituencies, Rajinder Nagar and Patel Nagar, are Congress strongholds. BJP won 15 seats here despite denying tickets to most of the sitting councillors. \"This has been our stronghold for decades. But this time we have managed to get votes of Congress supporters,'' said Vijender Gupta, Delhi BJP president.According to senior BJP leaders, the high turnout in outer Delhi areas like Rohini, Rithala, Bawana, Narela, Sultanpur Majra etc, which have a large number of urban villages, unauthorised colonies, JJ clusters etc, helped the party get a clear majority. \"Outer Delhi is our stronghold and the large voter turnout has just made things easier for us. We won most of the seats in Mangolpuri, Rohini , Shalimar Bagh etc,'' said Yogender Chandolia, BJP councillor from Dev Nagar who was part of BJP's election committee.On Tuesday, BJP supporters and winners outnumbered all others at the counting venues. At ITI Pusa, where results for central Delhi wards were being prepared, new BJP councillors insisted their party's work ensured their success.Congress supporters quietly huddled in the shade outside the counting station even as BJP men screamed and hugged each other every time a round of counting was completed. Several important Congress candidates like Shalu Malik, who was a councillor for 15 years, Anju Popli, Dr Monika Puri and Kapil Yadav lost.Gupta says BJP's decision not to repeat many sitting councillors helped it neutralise anti-incumbency even though it resulted in infighting and a lot of criticism.With a clear majority in the corporation, the party plans to focus on schemes to boost revenue. Unlike South Corporation, the North Corporation has few sources of revenue. Its property tax collection is just 30% of the total collected by the unified MCD. Over the years, BJP opposed taxation in these areas stating MCD didn't provide basic facilities there. But now, sources say, it might have to change its policy to meet the administrative compulsion.The BJP claims it will now focus on improving the condition of the villages, unauthoirsed colonies etc. \"These areas have been lying in a state of neglect for long. The Congress has done little to regularise the unauthorised colonies and for the development of slums and villages. We will focus on the development of these areas,'' said Vani Tripathi, BJP national secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12712513", "title": "ACP booked for rape, faces arrest", "text": "MUMBAI: The Azad Maidan police registered a rape case against assistant commissioner of police Anil Mahabole on Tuesday. A woman has accused Mahabole of raping her after offering her sedativelaced sweets some time ago.Mahabole is likely to be arrested in the case. Deputy commissioner of police (crime) and Mumbai police spokesperson Nisar Tamboli said, \"On the basis of the woman's complaint, we have booked Mahabole on charge of rape.\" The victim approached senior police officers recently and told them that Mahabole was blackmailing and sexually exploiting her. She told the officers that Mahabole offered her sweets few months ago and she had fallen unconscious after eating them. Mahabole allegedly shot a video of her in a compromising position and used it to blackmail and sexually exploit her.Police commissioner Arup Patnaik had asked DCP (protection ) H K Waraich to conduct an inquiry into the woman's allegations. Waraich recorded the victim's statement and submitted her report to the commissioner recently.The victim, along with crime branch officers, approached the Azad Maidan police on Tuesday and filed the FIR. Policemen being involved in crime is not new. Recently, Patnaik suspended inspector Dilip Mangaonkar and his orderly, Ashok Bhalekar, for misbehaving with their female colleague and passing lewd remarks at her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12714196", "title": "Weather related ailments up in city as mercury soars", "text": "BHOPAL: Sweltering heat following soaring temperatures with the mercury hovering around 40 degree Celsius is having an adverse affect on the health of residents, especially those who have to move out during the day time. The number of patients who are reporting at the city hospitals with weather related ailments have quadrupled in the past few days.The change in weather conditions has also brought with it fears of outbreak of seasonal diseases. Experts have advised precaution and care while maintaining hygiene, especially when it comes to children and elderly.OPD registrations are on the rise in Hamidia hospital, JP hospital and the mini-units of Bhopal memorial hospital and research centre (BMHRC). There has been about 30% increase in the number of patients coming to hospital with complaints of summer-related illnesses, said doctors.\"Number of patients reporting with dehydration caused by vomiting and diarrhoea have gone up along with cases related to skin and urinary problems,\" said Hamidia hospital superintendent Dr D K Pal. \"Skin infections are common in the summer heat but our OPD cases do not indicate that many people are falling critically ill because of the heat.\"Gastroenterologist Dr Sanjay Kumar said, \"Viral fever and water-borne diseases are common every summer, but this year, with temperatures remaining high from the beginning of April, we have witnessed an increase in cases.\"Doctors have advised that children should avoid sudden exposure to heat. \"Water-borne infections and exposure to heat impact children the most,\" said Dr Pal.Doctors have also warned that people should take precaution while consuming water as contaminated water might lead to jaundice and other water-borne diseases. \"Jaundice does not happen instantly. You might get infected today and suffer from Jaundice a month later,\" he added.\"Skin allergies are directly related to good hygiene. Maintaining hygiene is best way to avoid fungal infections,\" he said.Almost all doctors have recommended that people drink plenty of water to keep them hydrated. \"Lack of water in the system can lead to increased complaints of people developing kidney stones, suffering from heat stroke and even conjunctivitis ,\" said Physician Dr Rajiv Singh.It is very important to drink plenty of fluids including tender coconut water or water with salt and lime. \"There is a slight increase in cases of gastroenteritis and respiratory tract infection. People should avoid street food and maintain proper hygiene,\" he added.Common Summer illnessSunstroke - Avoid it by keeping hydrated. Sudden exposure to heat can give heatstroke and feverBoils - The body heat most often erupts in the form of boils on different parts of the bodyAllergy - Sun and heat allergy are common in summerWater borne diseases are common while eating outdoors in unhygienic conditionsFood Borne Diseases - Bacteria thrive in warm and moist environment and food poisoning is commonMosquito Borne Diseases - Accumulation of water breeds mosquitoes increasing risk of malaria", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12710509", "title": "Play on water conservation", "text": "CHANDIGARH: At a function organized by the department of environment, Yuvsatta and WAPCOS Limited, a water conservation fortnight was launched in the city from Government High School, Sector 47-A. On the occasion, artists of Mask Theatre presented a street play, \"Jal Hi Jiwan Hai\" (Water- The elixir of life), directed by theatre director Ravinder Kumar. Giving information about the initiative, Santosh Kumar, conservator of forests and director, department of environment said this campaign is to motivate more and more people, especially students to hold 'water audit' at their homes in view of the growing fresh water crisis.They'll be sensitized to note down total consumption of water during cooking, gardening, bathing, brushing one's teeth, shaving, in toilets, washing open spaces and vehicles and come out with ideas to reduce this consumption by at least 20-25%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12711879", "title": "Ventura may discontinue Jabalpur flights", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur-Jabalpur flights started by Ventura Airconnect is likely to be discontinued. The airline is now planning daily flights to Indore and Raipur from the city.The carrier had started its Jabalpur operations in December with a nine-seat Cessna Grand Caravan, the fully glassed cockpit plane, especially meant to target corporate travellers. From Jabalpur, it connected to cities like Bhopal , Indore, Gwalior and Khajuraho.Sources informed that earlier the airline operated the Jabalpur service thrice a week and then increased it to six days. After four months, the company has realized that its Jabalpur operations are making losses.On an average, there are hardly 2 or 3 passengers on board the Jabalpur flight while at times, the number is 4. A senior official said, \"After a market research and meetings with travel agents recently, we have put up a proposal before the management to discontinue Jabalpur operations and start Indore or Raipur services instead,\" he added.The official added that as of now, there are no plans to wind up Nagpur operations. \"We plan to promote the airlines in a big way as it offers a comfortable flight to corporates, leisure travellers and air taxi service to people flying in groups,\" he said.The Madhya Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation (MPTDC) and Ventura have a tie-up for intrastate air service to boost tourism in MP. Along with Indore and Raipur operations, Ventura is also planning to connect Nagpur with destinations like Latur, Baramati, Nanded, Pune and Aurangabad soon. \"A proposal in this regard has already been sent to the Maharashtra government,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12710872", "title": "95 govt surgeons haven't touched scalpel for 1 year", "text": "LUCKNOW: In UP, a large number of government hospital surgeons seem to be on perpetual vacation. According to a recent stocktaking by health and family welfare minister Ahmad Hasan, 95 surgeons belonging to the state health services have not even touched the scalpel for the past one year.After receiving complaints that the government doctors were not doing their duties properly, Hasan asked the department to prepare the list of such non-performing doctors. Now, after the health and family welfare department has come out with the list, the minister has warned these surgeons to shape up or ship out. The state capital has maximum number of such surgeons while the Samajwadi Party bastions Etawah and Kannauj also figure on the list.\"Considering the shortage of doctors in government services, the responsibility of the available work force has increased. Therefore, non-performing doctors are committing a crime against the society. This will not be tolerated,\" he told TOI.\"The doctors will either work or they will have to leave ... and this holds true for doctors from all categories,\" he added. There are close to 10,000 government doctors in the state against their sanctioned strength of 14,787. Of these, around 4,500 are specialist including 2,200 surgeons in specialities of general surgery, ENT, eye, orthopaedics and gynaecology.In terms of number of surgeons, Lucknow has the maximum number (10) non-performing surgeons. This, however, doesn't have much impact as indoor facilities in the hospital in which they have been posted is yet to start. But doctors in Badaun, Shahjahanpur, Gorakhpur, Ghaziabad and Meerut cannot take this plea. All these districts had five surgeons each who had not undertaken a major or minor surgery in the past one year. Four surgeons in Allahabad and three each in Fatehpur, Azamgarh, Pilibhit, Mahoba, Kanpur Dehat, Unnao, Bulandshahr and Mirzapur also fall in this category.When asked to comment on what action has been initiated against the erring doctors, the minister said, \"The exercise is still under way. But a show-cause notice, seeking the reason for non-performance, has been issued. While some people have offered a valid reason such as maternity or medical leave, others have not. Departmental inquiry has been initiated against those who didn't live up to the expectations on account of a valid reason.\"The government doctors' association however has not taken the minister's move kindly. \"Any doctor especially if he is in the government sector has to work. But fixing a target is not going to help. In many places, resources needed for a doctor to undertake surgery is lacking. The authorities must examine the workplace of a non-performing surgeon before coming to a conclusion,\" said Dr DR Singh, the president of the association.The department has also prepared a list of best performing surgeons. Muzaffarnagar topped the list followed by Jalaun and Saharanpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12715705", "title": "CORE personnel awarded for meritorious service", "text": "ALLAHABAD: About 132 officers and employees of Central Organization for Railway Electrification (CORE) were given awards during Railway Week function held here on Tuesday. CORE general manager Jagdev Kalia gave the awards to the officers and employees for meritorious service during 2011-12. Various shields were also given to the different departments of the organization.Kalia said 2011-12 was full of achievements for the organization. During the year, about 804 Route Kilo Metres were electrified which is the third biggest achievement in the history of railway electrification.Speaking about the new works of electrification that have been included in the Railway Budget, he said Itarsi-Katni-Manikpur-Cheoki section coming under North Central Railway and West Central Railway will be electrified. Further, Gunti-Pendakallu section of South Central Railway, Nallapadu-Guntakal section of Central Railway, Aamla-Chindwara-Kalmana section of South Central Railway, Kumedpur-Malda-Singhbad section and Pakur-Malda section of Eastern Railway and Coimbature-Mettuapalyam section of Southern Railway would also be electrified in the railway budget. Currently, about 4750 RKMs ( Route Kilo Metres) of work of railway electrification is currently in progress.He congratulated officers and the employees who have performed exceptionally well in the current year. He exhorted officers and the employees who have not been given awards to perform well in the coming year so that they can also be given awards.The awardees included fifteen officers and 117 employees belonging to CORE headquarters at Allahabad and project offices at Ambala, Chennai, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12710165", "title": "MbPT to get security makeover", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai Port Trust (MbPT) will be installing a network of advanced CCTV cameras to keep tabs on encroachers along the entire waterfront.MbPT also commissioned the state-of-the-art vessel traffic management system (VTMS) to ensure proper movement of vessels.\"The VTMS will be installed at a cost of Rs 21 crore. On the Centre's instructions, we have appointed the Central Industrial Security Force to monitor activity along the coast and other sensitive areas,\" MbPT chairman Rajeev Gupta said.\"Speed boats will be purchased. An electronic surveillance system will be put in place near the marine oil terminal on Butcher Island and the jetty at Pir Pau,\" he added. The director general of lighthouse is in the process of implementing the automatic identification system in the main MbPT channel to aid navigation. The channel boundary will be marked out along with other vessels, to prevent ships from straying away from their route and avert the possibility of a collision.\"The AIS is likely to be commissioned by July and will help track nearly 98% of the traffic,\" Gupta added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12710642", "title": "Stung second time? It can be complicated", "text": "CHANDIGARH: One of the 15 schoolchildren - who were attacked by bees at the Government High School, Sector 40, on Tuesday afternoon - Pradeep, 12, was admitted to the Government Multi-speciality Hospital (GMH), Sector 16, with multiple stings, a condition where there is toxic reaction. According to doctors, when bees sting children there is more risk of complication as the immune system of children is low. Also, with the onset of summers, bees get active and such attacks occur at this time of the season. So, the doctors' advice is to be careful.\"We have discharged others, while one is under observation. Pradeep had vomited following the bee attack,\" said a senior doctor at the GMH.Both elderly and children are more at risk of bee venom complications. However, those who have been bitten once in life are at a higher risk of toxicity. \"If someone is bitten once in life, there are chances of developing further complications if the bite occurs again. But for any bee bite consult your doctor,\" said Dr Ashish Bhalla, internal medicine, PGI. And for those who pinch out to remove the stings, doctors have a word of caution. \"Try and scrap off the sting instead of pinching with some sharp object. Also, if an anti-allergy is available, have it before rushing to the hospital,\" said Dr Bhalla.Depending on the quantum of bee sting, there can be severe allergy where there is rapid fall in blood pressure which can lead to loss of consciousness. \"These are symptoms of anaphylaxis-a severe allergy due to the bee venom. In case there is pain in the abdomen, sweating, vomiting or fall in the blood pressure, there is need to be more cautious. Within 24-48 hours depending on how one reacts to the venom, there can be danger to organs like the kidney and the heart ,\" said Dr Ram Singh, medicine department, Government Medical College and Hospital, Sector 32.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12711574", "title": "Student police cadets nab traffic violators", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Beware! Young turks are on the road to catch you if you are violating traffic rules. If you violate, you will be slapped with a card and will have to pledge in public that you won't repeat the mistake again.This was done in connection with Subhayatra, the state-wide road awareness project launched on Tuesday. Municipal chairman Sunny Kalloor inaugurated the project in the town while the district-level programme was inaugurated by C Rajagopal, SP, Kottayam.\"Nearly 88 Student Police Cadets (SPC) were part of this project, which will go on till April 27. A combined team of police and SPC are carrying out the project. Checking was done in Gandhi Square and Kumarakom,\" said A J Thomas, CI, West Police Station.Over 1,000 people were caught by the SPC on the first day itself.The squad was carrying red, green, blue and orange cards. Blue cards were given to helmet-less riders while drunken drivers were slapped with red cards.Address and contact numbers of those caught were also collected. The card also carries directions to be followed while on the road.The law breakers were also made to pledge that they won't repeat such an act in future.The pedestrians who avoided using the Zebra lines were also given orange cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12710789", "title": "'Mobile temples' fail to take off", "text": "HYDERABAD: The much-hyped concept of 'mobile temples', aimed at propagating 'bhakti' among people, is immobile with the endowments department's Hindu Dharma Parirakshana Trust (DPT) and devasthanam boards of top temples waging war.While DPT blames the temple boards for not being interested in the mobile temples, the devasthanam boards claim lack of manpower to schedule the visits of these temples on wheels. The main purpose behind unveiling these mobile temples is to let people, particularly marginalized sections, offer prayers to the deities as the temples move from one village to another.The mobile temples are custom-made ornamental replicas, made at a cost of Rs 1 crore each, depicting the grandeur of the major temple which they represent. In the case of Kanipakam Varasiddi Vinayaka temple, the mobile temple could not be unveiled as the district minister and the local MLA were at loggerheads over its launch. DPT, which was formed in 2009, is the nodal agency of these mobile temples.Except for the Annavaram temple, none of the other mobile temples is on the move. Chairman of DPT Mudigonda Veerabriah, a retired IAS officer , refused to comment on the failure to streamline the mobile temples concept. Secretary of DPT P S Prasad blamed the boards for the mess. \"We will pursue the concept but need support from the temple boards,\" he said.On the other hand, the temple boards say they were weighed down by logistical problems. \"We are facing problems in arranging the trips. Some times, we don't get permissions from police in remote areas,\" Badri Narayanacharyulu, executive officer, Sri Sita Ramanjaneya temple at Bhadrachalam said.\"While funds for these mobile temples are arranged through the endowments department, DPT is not pushing the matter seriously. There is nobody to monitor the visiting schedules of these temples on the move ,\" a board official on the condition of anonymity said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "12711088", "title": "Student brings gun and bullets to school, held", "text": "BEHRAMPORE:Refused entrance to school with a cell phone, a Class-X student had planned to open fire at the head master and was later arrested by the cops.\"The incident took place at Gangadaspara Mohan Vidyapith in Domkal, where the student had allegedly brought five cartridges and a one shotter to teach his head master and class teacher a lesson as they did not allow him to carry a mobile phone to the school,\" police sources said.\"The student came to school on Tuesday morning with a mobile phone and the class teacher Mehedi Hassan snatched it from him before handing it over to the head master Masud Alam Biswas. The accused was even warned that he would be denied entrance to the school if he brings the cell phone again. When he asked for the phone, Biswas told him that it would be returned only after the school hours. He left the school for a while and came back with the fire arms,\" police said.Rubel Sheikh, class X student of Gangadaspara Mohan Vidyapith in Domkal has been arrested by police with five cartridges and one one shutter from class room. Rubel , allegedly brought fire arms to 'teach a good lesson' to the head master and the class teacher.The reason: Rubel came to school with mobile phone and the class teacher Mehedi Hassan snatched it from him considering mobile phone was creating nuisance in the class room. Mehedi Hassan handed that phone to the head master. Rubel asked Masud Alam Biswas, the head master to hand over the mobile, but the head master told he would hand over it after school over. Rubel left school for a while and came with fire arms.\"When I told the accused that he would get the phone only after the school hours are over, he left the school without informing us and returned after some times. This sudden change in his behaviour sparked doubts among the teachers and they decided to search his pockets and the school bag. And they were shocked to find the one shotter and five cartridges in his pocket. We informed the police, who reached the spot and arrested him,\" said Biswas.According to the cops, a probe is on. \"This is a serious incident. During interrogation, the student told us that he got the fire arms from a nearby bamboo bush. But, we are not satisfied with his statement and will further grill him. It's unbelievable that he left school and got the gun from a bamboo bush,\" said Humayun Kabir, SP, Murshidabad.The mother of the accused, Sagara Bibi, who works for a self-help group, is involved in the school's midday meal programme. \"I do not know where he has got the mobile phone and the fire arms from. I can't believe that he can even think of killing his teacher. I will not intervene in police probe. They can take any step to bring my son back to normal path,\" said Bibi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "saharsa", "code": "12710830", "title": "4 criminals arrested", "text": "SAHARSA: Continuing its assault on the gangsters and criminals, a police Special Task Force (STF ) team nabbed four hard-core criminals when they raided a number of residential lodges across the divisional headquarters town of Sahara and seized pistol, live cartridges and a motorbike on Monday.Saharsa SP Ajit Kumar Satyarthi, talking to TOI on Tuesday, said that the kingpin of the criminals' gang, Ashwini Jha, was an infamous history-sheeter and was wanted in connection with several cases of dacoity and infringement of Arms Act.His three cohorts were identified as Suman Yadav of Jhitkatia in Murliganj, Gaurav alias Gulli of Banma-Ithari and Ajay Das of Murli-Basantpur in Kosi division, Satyarthi said.The STF team also recovered the booty the criminals generally looted at gunpoint from the train passengers. The criminals looted train commuters who boarded off the trains at Saharsa Junction during night hours, spreading insecurity and fear among the travellers, the SP said. Raids were being conducted at different places in the district even on Tuesday, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12715891", "title": "Schools' helmet diktat to teachers", "text": "BOKARO: Most of the schools in town have asked its teachers to wear helmets and carry driving licenses if they are coming to the institution on two wheelers. This will not only send a positive message to the society but also create awareness among the students and save many of their lives in case of accidents.However, the schools have initiated such steps after receiving suggestions from district transport officer (DTO) Vijay Kumar Gupta in this regard. The circular has been sent by the DTO to almost all the private schools of the town like Chinmaya Vidyalaya, Pentecostal School Assembly, St Xaviers, Delhi Public School, Guru Gobind Singh Public School, DAV Public School, Holy Cross School and others.The circular contains seven suggestions to the principals that include keeping tabs on teachers whether they wear helmet and carry driving license or not, preparing class-wise list of students coming to school in two wheelers, asking parents to stop giving vehicles to their wards besides stopping autos and rickshaws from overloading children on their vehicles.However of all the above suggestions, the DTO has put stress more on keeping checks on teachers. He has asked the principals to conduct check at the school gate to keep an eye on teachers coming without driving license and helmets. \"It seems many of the schools have started acting on the suggestions,\" Gupta said.\"In the past one week, about 14 teachers have applied for driving licenses in my office. I believe that students learn many things from their teachers. If the teachers start following the traffic rules, it will send a positive message to students and society,\" Gupta said. Principals of many schools said after receiving suggestion from the DTO they had instructed teachers not to ride the two wheelers without helmet and driving license while coming to school.At Chinmaya Vidyalaya, a notice is pasted on the notice board saying the \"teachers are humbly requested to wear helmets while entering and going outside the school\". The notice added, \"You are the role model of the society and your life is precious to school, so teachers please wear helmets.\"Principal, Chinmaya Vidyalaya, A K Singh said he had strictly asked his teachers to follow traffic rules. \"I had conducted check at the school gate and warned many students and teachers. I have planned to launch more such checks soon and this time those teachers caught without helmet or driving license will not be allowed entry to school and will be marked absent,\" he said.Pentecostal School Assembly principal Rita Prasad said coming to school on a two wheeler was already banned for students. The institution now has also instructed teachers to come to schools wearing helmets and having driving license with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12714861", "title": "Woman, lover commit suicide", "text": "KANPUR: Facing stiff opposition from her family for having eloped with a teenager, a 32-year-old married woman of Uttarakhand's Rudrapur district allegedly committed suicide along with the boy by hanging at their rented accommodation in Govindnagar area of the city late on Monday night.According to police, Sushila Rai (32) and her teenaged lover Manoj Adhikari (18) eloped from their native place in Rudrapur in Uttarakhand a few days ago.The woman was married to Indrajeet Rai of Rudrapur about 13 years ago and has four children. She had an extra-marital affair with her neighbour Manoj, son of Manik Adhikari, since the past couple of years.Police said their landlord Mishri Lal, a resident of Dabhauli West locality, informed that Sushila and Manoj had hired a room on rent about nine days ago. The woman used to stay at home along with her youngest daughter Diya while the lad was working as a daily-wage labourer to eke out a living. No suicide note, however, has been recovered from the spot that could ascertain the actual cause of their death.Sources, however, said that the couple, after realizing that they could not live together, decided to take the extreme step.Police added that the family members of both the woman and the boy knew about their relationship and had taken several measures to keep them away.\"Twenty days back when Indrajeet learnt about Sushila's relationship with Manoj, he tried to restrict her movement, but the couple decided to flee. They escaped from their homes a few days back. Sushila, who was in possession of a mobile phone, however, misguided her husband about her location and told him that she was at her relative's place in Delhi, when he contacted her on phone and inquired about her whereabouts.Later, following inputs from boy's family members, Indrajeet contacted Manoj's maternal uncle who stays in Kanpur and gathered details about their location. Thereafter, Indrajeet, along with his sister reached Kanpur on Sunday and tried to settle the issue. His wife also assured him that she would also like to go back with him but the couple, however, apparently entered into a pact and ended their lives by hanging themselves late on Monday night, claimed a police official.The incident came to light early on Tuesday morning when on hearing Diya's cries, Mishri Lal rushed to the room and found the two bodies hanging from the ceiling. He later told the neighbours about the incident. The locals then informed the Govindnagar police.The couple had tried to elope at least two to three times earlier but failed, sources said. The couple used a saree to hang themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12711857", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation slaps Rs 2.15 crore penalty on Audi, Mercedes", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has slapped a penalty of Rs 2.15 crore on two internationally-renowned automobile companies - Audi India and Mercedes-Benz India - for evasion of octroi.Sources told TOI that the penalty on Audi is Rs 1.55 crore and Mercedes Rs 60 lakh. Additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare issued the order. The octroi department will recover the penalty from these two companies.As per details of the two cases, NMC used to levy octroi cess of 1% on the total price of the car which was increased to 2% in June 2010.The city had no showrooms of these two companies. But officials of the octroi department noticed an increase in the number of Audi and Mercedes cars in the city.To know the exact number of Audi and Mercedes cars in the city, the department sought information from the RTO Office. A list of cars along with the address was obtained from the RTO Office.After that, the department sent notices as per provisions in the City of Nagpur Corporation (CNC) Act to the owners and asked them to submit details and octroi receipts of these luxury cars.When the data of the receipts were compared, owners of 11 Mercedes and 23 Audis had not paid octroi.Assistant commissioner (octroi) Milind Meshram made a proposal and submitted it to Kumbhare to levy 10 times penalty on the violators.Kumbhare issued notices to the two companies and held a hearing. Later, Kumbhare came to the conclusion that the two companies in question had evaded octroi and had to be penalized.Sources said that the assessed price of the 11 Mercedes was Rs 4.13 crore. The company was to pay 1% octroi before June 2010 and 2% after that period on the total cost of the cars. As the octroi cess was not paid amounting to evasion, the company will have to pay a penalty of Rs 55.99 lakh. Similarly, Audi has to pay a penalty of Rs 1.55 crore for evasion of Octroi on 23 cars.Meanwhile, the octroi department has sent notices to 1,896 persons possessing arms licence and asked them to submit details and receipts. Details of the persons were obtained from the police department. The department will levy 10 times penalty against those found guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12714183", "title": "Woman booked for abetting hubby to suicide", "text": "BHOPAL: The police have booked a woman on Tuesday for instigating her husband to commit suicide. The Piplani police said a case has been registered on the basis of the suicide note recovered from the deceased.The deceased, Vijay Singh Chouhan, 50, a resident of Abhinav Enclave in BHEL Township, was found hanging in his house on Monday. The police have recovered a suicide note from the spot wherein the deceased stated that he was taking the extreme step due to his wife, Laxmi.The police said the deceased, who was a contractor, was being harassed by his wife. The woman had reportedly usurped his house and filed a case against him, the police added.The suicide note sent for the examination and a case against woman was registered after handwriting experts confirmed that the suicide note was written by Chouhan.The police said the accused is the second wife of deceased. Investigations are on and the accused would be arrested soon, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "12710992", "title": "Ayodhya security beefed up after threat letter", "text": "FAIZABAD: Security in Ayodhya was beefed up after the district judge here received an anonymous letter threatening to blow up the Ram Janmabhoomi complex, police said here on Tuesday. The handwritten letter was received by the office of district judge Ram Vraksh Yadav through ordinary post on Monday. Cops are yet to obtain all the facts regarding the origin of the letter.This is the second such letter received by Faizabad authorities in the last one month. On March 22, the police received a similar letter in which the sender threatened to blow up the railway station. Monday's letter also carried a photocopy of a driving licence. The sender has claimed that the holder of the said driving licence was conspiring to blow up the Janmabhoomi complex.\"We've written a letter to Lucknow DIG as its link has been traced to Lucknow,\" said superintendent of police Ramit Sharma, adding, \"We've also written to special task force and anti-terrorism squad. Besides, another inquiry is being carried out by Faizabad city SP.\"\"The police are leaving nothing to chance,\" said Faizabad range DIG Bhanu Bhaskar. \"The matter is highly sensitive so forces are perpetually in high alert,\" he added.Asked whether it could be case of mischief, Faizabad SP city Ramji Yadav, who is probing the case, said, \"We are investigating the matter let you know as soon as we get a lead.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710207", "title": "MCD polls: Muslims refuse to take Congress bait", "text": "NEW DELHI: The desperate appeal by Congress before the elections to the Muslim community to vote in a block seems to have been treated with contempt. The outcome of the civic elections shows a clear split in the vote share of the minority community in favour of independent candidates and regional and smaller parties.In the Walled City area, Rashtriya Lok Dal ( RLD) bagged four out of six seats - Jama Masjid, Kucha Pandit, Turkman Gate and Ballimaran - leaving the Congress with only two seats i.e. Sita Ram Bazaar and Idgah. In Turkman Gate, the Congress finished fourth with independents at the second and third positions.\"People here are angry with Congress. They refused to vote for the party as they are upset with the soaring prices and corruption,\" said RLD's Aaley Mohammed. Mohammad (21) is the youngest candidate to have been elected as a councillor. He is son of Shoaib Iqbal, the area MLA.In a further embarrassment for Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit, who campaigned in the Walled City slamming the BJP for its saffron image and brought up Narendra Modi's name to increase her party's appeal, the community has voted for a BJP candidate from Qasabpura ward. In Muslim-dominated Jaffrabad, a BSP candidate has beaten a Congress candidate.\"Muslims have learnt to vote for the candidate who works for us and not for the party that takes our votes for granted,\" said Mohd Suhail, a resident of Qasabpura.Another major shock for the party is dismissal of its three-time councillor and former deputy mayor Razia Sultana in her stronghold in east Delhi's Chauhan Bangar ward. Sultana lost to an independent candidate, Asma Begum.Lack of infrastructure and, perhaps, wounds of the Batla house encounter affected Congress's performance in the adjacent ward of Okhla as well. Here the Congress candidate, Shameena Begum, lost to Samajwadi Party's first-timer Ishrat Begum. Congress sources, however, blamed it on a large number of smaller parties contesting in the area. Okhla ward had 28 candidates.\"We are disappointed with political parties as they did not stand by us when we needed their support. There was no development in our area,\" said Tanvir Ahmed, a resident of Shaheen Bagh, Okhla.During its campaign in Muslim-dominated areas, Congress had tried its best to woo voters by playing the community card. While chief minister Sheila Dikshit at her public meetings slammed Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi, Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee chief JP Aggarwal had made a public appeal to Muslims to vote in a consolidated manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12710614", "title": "Nominations for prabhag samitis in", "text": "NASHIK: Eighteen candidates submitted nominations for the posts of chairpersons of prabhag samitis in six divisions of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Tuesday. Elections for the samitis will be held on April 19 and 20. On April 19, elections for the chairpersons of prabhag samitis in Panchavati, Nashik East, Nashik West and Satpur divisions will be held, while on April 20, polls for CIDCO and Nashik Road divisions will be conducted. Eighteen candidates submitted their forms for the post of the chairman of the prabhag samitis on Tuesday.In Panchavati division, Parshuram Waghere of the BJP was the only candidate to submit his nomination, which ensures his election unopposed.In the West division, Madhuri Jadhav from the MNS and Yogita Aher of the Congress are in the fray for the post of prabhag samiti chairman. In the East division, Megha Salve and Archana Thorat of the MNS, Rashida Shaikh (independent) and Samina Memon of the Congress have submitted their nomination forms.In Satpur, Shaikh Salim Ismail and Surekha Nagre from the MNS have submitted their forms, while in the CIDCO division, Kalpana Pande of the Shiv Sena and Arvind Shelke of the MNS submitted their forms.The maximum number of aspirants for the post are from Nashik Road division, with six candidates in the fray. Sangeeta Gaikwad and Ashok Satbhai from the MNS, Sunita Kothule from the Shiv Sena, Vaishali Bhagwat from the Congress, Ranjana Borade from the NCP and Pawan Pawar (independent) have submitted their nominations. Party leaders said after the election of standing committee chairman, they will decide who they will ask to withdraw from prabhag samiti elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710385", "title": "Court frees man who eloped with minor", "text": "NEW DELHI: A youth who had eloped with a minor girl and had married her against their families' wishes has been set free by a Delhi court, with a judge terming their case as a \"love affair gone wrong.\"ASJ Kamini Lau convicted Rohit Kumar Dass(27) for kidnapping the girl but acquitted him of rape charges. \"The convict (Rohit) is a young boy with no criminal background. ...justice would suffice if Rohit is sentenced to rigorous imprisonment for the period already undergone i.e. five months and 20 days and fine of Rs 1,000 under Section 363 (kidnapping) of the IPC,\" the judge said. The girl (16) had gone with Rohit on her own accord and they were residing as husband and wife from November 2007 till February 2008, the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12711237", "title": "Southern stars shoot at Sabarmati", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An unusually large crowd of youngsters dressed fashionably walked down the flight of stairs at Sabarmati River Front Project on Tuesday. As the crowd came to a stand still, a tall young man in grey shirt raised his hands with zeal and continued to walk, standing out from the rest.The director shouted 'cut' and the scene was repeated several times. Even before its completion, the Sabarmati riverfront was gearing to make its first appearance in a Telugu feature film. The shooting was for a song of a Telugu film called 'Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu' staring Venkatesh, Mahesh Babu, Anjali and Samantha and produced by Dil Raju of Sri Venkateswara Creations.Director of the film Shrikanth Addala, said that they have chosen to carry out its shootings in and around Ahmedabad because of mild and friendly nature of the residents of the city, its developing infrastructures and the similarity of the climatic conditions of the city with that of Hyderabad.The crew which landed in the city around five days back have been shooting in various shopping malls and gardens around the city as well. \"We will be here for around 10 more days. We will also love to explore more places for shooting again in future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12714060", "title": "Mallika gets lynched!", "text": "There was a time when Mallika Sherawat wouldn't stop gushing about her big Hollywood project with a subject that was perhaps last seen on the Indian cinema screens in the 1980s. When the film, about a snake woman (a Naginn, for the laymen) hit the theatres, director Jennifer Lynch had told Mumbai Mirror, \"Hisss was taken away from me in the edit. I have no idea what the film looks like.\"And then, she had added, \"My name is all over it (the film). I can do nothing. But I want to come back.\" And come back she did. Lynch has launched a frontal attack on the actress Mallika, her brother Vikram Singh and Govind Menon - the trio who transformed her vision into a historic disaster. That too, in the form of a film.Directed by Penny Vozniak, Despite The Gods, a project that showcases the behind the scenes of what went wrong with Lynch and her Indian tryst, will open in Toronto this year. The documentary will explain how in 2008, when Lynch traveled to India to direct Hisss, things went wrong quickly.Check out the official website of the film and you will know what exactly Lynch and Vozniak try to tell through this. \"Perhaps there is a good reason why Hollywood and Bollywood have never blended like this before...\" states the website and adds, \"The more they plan, the more the Gods laugh. The more they try to lock things down, the more they seem to shift; locations, cast, scripts are constantly rotated, re-invented and improvised depending on what the Indian day brings.\"The first trailer of the film goes on to explain it further. In the snapshots, we see Lynch trying to explain her vision, and later crying helplessly. \"I am 40 and single. And I am making a film about a snake woman. And I can't have fun with it,\" she says in utter disbelief. And that's just a part of her tragic tale.When contacted, Vikram Singh, co-producer of Hisss (and one of the triumvirate responsible for the snakewoman's fall) simply said, \"We are unaware of the documentary and if someone has to make it they have to take the rights from us.\"The copyrights issue notwithstanding, Lynch's story behind the scenes sure seems more exciting than what went on in front of it during the making of the film. And perhaps will be more successful (and entertaining, may we add) than the 2010 box office dud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12710853", "title": "Old City channels airing objectionable content", "text": "HYDERABAD: Ever since the communal clashes erupted in Sangareddy and later in the city, some local Urdu channels, mainly restricted to the Old City, have been airing highly objectionable content, mostly provocative and instigating in nature. Ironically, police are not taking any action against these channels, which are vitiating the atmosphere and helping elements bent on disrupting communal harmony.Besides airing these visuals, the same videos are being uploaded on YouTube , where people from across the world reacted.After the Sangareddy incident, some of the provocative images aired by these channels include Lord Ram aiming an arrow at Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owaisi , a kufi (a white cap worn during namaz) with a skeleton, Charminar bedecked with saffron flags, a burqa-clad woman clutching a boy resembling Lord Krishna, a burqa-clad woman giving harathi to Hindu gods. These visuals are still available on the web and the channels attributed the content was being circulated by Hindu right-wing elements through social networking sites like Facebook.Police sources said that there were more than 10 small-time news channels and the reach of these channels was limited to the Old City.Though there is an order from the high court, the Cable Network Regulation Act (CNRA) and the News Broadcasters' Association (NBA) on norms like observing restraint while covering incidents of violence, neither police nor the channels implemented it during the recent communal incidents.However, in one case the Hyderabad police forced an Urdu channel to stop playing visuals of the desecration of a place of worship in Narayanguda. Till date, no action was taken against the news channel.As violent incidents were getting reported and communal tension building up, some channels captured visuals of the injured persons and aired them within a short time after the clashes and subsequently uploaded them on the web.\"The issue was brought to our notice and we are examining it,'' additional commissioner of police (Law and Order) Amit Garg told TOI.\"During the recent communal clashes, two channels played visuals which were objectionable to a community, so we asked them to withdraw the content,\" deputy commissioner of police (DCP), South Zone, Manish Kumar Sinha said.On the same lines as these local Urdu channels, some Hindu right-wing organisations have started two news channels to counter them and also to spread their agenda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12717436", "title": "Roopal Tyagi wants to work in Sandalwood", "text": "Hamari Betiyoon Ka Vivaah fame television actress Roopal Tyagi expressed her wish to join Sandalwood. The actress also expressed her wish to work with Puneeth Rajkumar and Ganesh.Roopal is currently working on another serial called Suhaane Ladakpan Ke. The actress who is busy shooting for television thinks language is not a problem for her and wants to foray in Kannada films if she gets a good script.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12710550", "title": "Pollution control board surveys industrial units", "text": "NOIDA: Polluting industrial units in city are under the scanner. Regional Pollution Control Board (RPCB) has been ordered to survey pollution levels in the industrial township by National Green Tribunal (NGT).The survey began after Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board (UPPCB) was directed by the NGT to conduct a spot inspection of polluting industries and submit a report to the tribunal by May 8. Apart from the inspection, RPCB will collect industrial effluents from polluting industrial units, analyze them and submit a report to the UPPCB office bunal for further action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12713945", "title": "Gogoi to seek anti-erosion aid from PM", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi will reiterate the state's long-standing demand for Central assistance to formulate a comprehensive anti-erosion plan when Prime Minister Manmohan Singh visits Guwahati on April 20. Last year, Gogoi had submitted a memorandum to Singh requesting consideration of anti-erosion schemes, particularly land-reclamation schemes, under the State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF) norms.After attending the platinum jubilee celebration of the state assembly on Friday, Singh will address the cabinet, and then attend a presentation by the state government on the erosion problem, an official said. \"More than floods, it is the erosion that has caused devastation. There are some patch schemes to contain erosion, but we need a comprehensive plan,\" the source said.Assam has, for years, been demanding that floods and erosion in the state be declared a national problem. With no response from the Centre, the state has sought a long-term solution by channelising the Brahmaputra with help from the European Commission .The European Commission's Integrated Water Resources Management (IWRM) project called Brahmatwinn (from Twinning basin of Upper Danube River basin in Europe and Upper Brahmaputra River basin in India) is underway with research and development activities in progress to address the impact on water-soil resources management in the two macro-scale trans-boundary basins. The idea is to bring the Brahmaputra back to its pre-1950 course, before the great earthquake changed its course and raised the riverbed.\"Floods and erosion started after the 1950 earthquake and we have lost over four lakh hectares of land in the six decades since. We need to reclaim this lost land or else very soon there will be a mismatch between the increasing population and decreasing land area due to erosion,\" the source said. The erosion by the Brahmaputra is so grave that at several spots, the distance between the two banks is barely 22km - the narrowest bank distance is just about 2km.The state government has roped in experts Wolfgang Albert Flugel, head of geo-informatics, hydrology and modelling department of Friedrich-Schiller University, Germany, and Nayan Sharma of IIT, Roorkee, who recently submitted a project on 'Assessing and analysing the integrated hydrologic-hydraulic system dynamics of the Brahmaputra River basin in NE India' to the state government. The project stressed on studying the dynamics of Brahmaputra for controlling erosion and sedimentation problems, capacity development of implementation agencies and stakeholders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12711601", "title": "Senior cops tried to save Abdul Rasheed: DySP Santhosh Nair", "text": "KOCHI: More skeletons are tumbling out of the cupboard in connection with the murder attempt on Mathrubhumi reporter V B Unnithan with Dy SP M Santhosh Nair submitting before the CBI that there had been concerted efforts by a section of senior police officials in the Crime Branch to save Dy SP N Abdul Rasheed.Santhosh Nair, who is currently on bail, was arrested by the Crime Branch in connection with the attack on Unnithan.According to the statement submitted by DySP Santhosh Nair to CBI director, there were several incidents that could have resulted in goons targeting Unnithan, but the police officials had zeroed in on him just to save Abdul Rasheed.As per his statement, Unnithan had reported on PSC written examination scandal in which he had mentioned about illegal transactions involving a goon identified as Prakash alias Vettukuttan.\"As per the FIR recorded by the local police immediately after the incident, Unnithan had told police that he suspected the attack had been carried out by the UDF candidate who had lost to the LDF candidate in the assembly polls. Unnithan had falsely reported that the UDF candidate possessed 400 sovereigns of gold instead of 40, and it could have been one of the reasons for the UDF candidate's debacle.\"According to Santhosh Nair, there was a specific reason for DySP Abdul Rasheed to develop animosity towards the reporter. Unnithan had reported in the daily on December 31, 2010 that Rasheed, who was travelling along with his family members in Rajadhani Express, had pulled the chain to stop the train at Kollam railway station where the train does not have a regular stop.Santhosh Nair, who revealed his close links with 'Container Santhosh to the CBI, had submitted that senior police officials had asked him to court arrest as part of a face saving exercise of the state government.\"They promised me they shall arrange all facilities for me in the jail and would talk to the ADGP. They will also not oppose my bail and that I would need to stay only two or three days in the sub-jail,\" he said in the statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12710612", "title": "Neighbours' fight may leave city dry", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a new turn of events amid ongoing dispute pertaining to share of water from Kajauli water works for Chandigarh and Mohali, Chandigarh may have to suffer scarcity of water. Haryana government has made it clear that it is not agreeable to Punjab's proposal of laying a pipeline of a larger diameter in contemplation of phase VII and VIII.Haryana has also proposed that if Punjab requires additional water for Mohali, it should draw the same from Anandpur Hydel Channel. It was stated by the engineer in chief (EIC) Haryana, Harmail Singh, in an affidavit before the Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday. It has also been submitted by Haryana that municipal corporation Chandigarh has entered in an agreement with Punjab to provide water to Mohali while keeping Haryana government completely in the dark.Importantly, Haryana's stand may hamper the proposed enlargement of diameter of pipeline from Bhakra Main Line (BML) through Kajauli water works, resulting in scarcity of water in Chandigarh and Mohali. If Haryana remains adamant on this stand, UT may lose a grant of Rs 171 crore sanctioned by Centre under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).Affidavit from EIC was filed in the wake of petition filed by Mohali councillor, Kuljeet Singh Bedi seeking directions to expedite the completion of phases V and VI of Kajauli water works.While placing on record various minutes of meetings held between the officials of UT, Haryana and Punjab on the issue, EIC Haryana has also claimed that Chandigarh administration wrongly presented the picture by wrongly recording the minutes of meeting of the issue.Affidavit reads, \"Haryana had agreed to give water from BML Canal to Chandigarh only for phase V and VI and that too with certain conditions. Punjab can never lay claim to phase V and phase VI for Mohali, in such scenario the action of the UT agreeing to Punjab's request for apportioning the entire water of phase V and VI to Mohali without consulting Haryana is neither bona fide not legal.\"Making its intentions clear not to give water from Kajauli to Punjab, Haryana submitted, \"If Punjab needs water it should carry it from Anandpur Sahib Hydel channel. On one hand, Punjab purports to terminate all agreements with Haryana and Rajasthan as far as Ravi Beas are concerned, but on the other it expects cooperation when it comes to Sutlej waters. Punjab must adopt an attitude of cooperation to expect cooperation from Haryana. This would also be in consonance with principles of cooperative federalism.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12709463", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation to try out original jet-patch tech on potholes", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) will allow the original New Zealand firm to try out the jet-patching machine in the city on Wednesday night, after civic officials tested its performance in New Delhi.The civic body has selected a road in Matunga for a trial run of the machine, which had faced criticism due to local contractors. The trial is being granted after civic officials found work by the machine in New Delhi satisfactory.TOI has learned that if the civic body is satisfied with the work in the trial run, it will be used for spot repairs and potholes. The civic body may not be able to use the machine this monsoon as contractors for pothole repairs have almost been selected. Amit Shah, general manager (sales), SPG Infra, said, \"We are using the original machine in this trial. Contractors had used the name for another machine. In the trial, carpeting and overlaying will be done. We are using a five cubic metre machine. It can cater to a one metre by one metre pothole patch, which can be filled in five minutes and requires 45 minutes for curing.\"The jet-patching machines in use by the BMC are from the US-based Crafco.The machines with the BMC can repair stretches of 80-100 sq m in a dayThe machines can repair potholes in less time unlike the conventional pothole repairs which takes 48 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12710521", "title": "Fake question paper racket busted, 2 held", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Police claimed to have busted a racket involving college students selling 'question papers' of different Panjab University exams, on Monday night. Two students, Vikas Kumar and Yashvir Singh were arrested in this connection, while one of the students managed to escape from the spot. The arrested youths are students of Government College for Men (GCM), Sector 11, and they had sold a 'leaked' question paper to a student for Rs 3,000. Police officials said the handwritten question paper was completely different from the actual paper. A case has been registered at the police station in Sector 17. The handwritten paper was a fake B.com-II cost accounting paper.DSP (CID) Anil Joshi said the kingpin of the racket fled the spot and raids are being conducted to nab him. Meanwhile, police officials also conducted a meeting with PU officials in this regard.With the third incident of its kind in a span of 15 days, paper leak hoax cases appear to be becoming a norm this year. With the UT police nabbing two students of GCM Sector 11, the involvement of local college students has set alarm bells ringing for PU's senior officials, who are worried over the development.\"Not a single question in the exam that was conducted on Tuesday was the same in the paper that was sold. We have been taking utmost caution in preparing question papers and conducting exams. But the involvement of students and frequency of such rumours this year is worrying,\" said A K Bhandari, controller of examination, PU.The university officials state that it is for the police to take action against those found selling fake question papers to students.Only a week ago, there was hoax about the B.Com-II accountancy paper getting leaked, following which the exam was cancelled and scores of students, who had come to various examination centers in affiliated colleges of PU had to go back without taking the exam. This paper has now been rescheduled to May 4. The matter had come to light when a student from the Post-Graduate Government College for Girls, Sector 11, called up the Controller of Examination, PU and told him about the 'paper leak.'Prior to this, there was a rumour of a BA-I English paper being leaked the night before the exam, however the paper turned out to be a fake one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12710885", "title": "Illegal parking around restaurants under lens", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lack of traffic sense among commuters, added by laxities on the part of cops, encroachment on the pathways and faulty planning will pose big challenges to the planners. This is at a time when streamlining traffic in the state capital has attracted attention of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav . The CM had asked authorities to chalk out three-pronged - short-term, mid-term and long-term -- strategies for improving the traffic scenario in the state capital.While at some places the roads are narrow -- like the stretch from Sikanderbagh Crossing to Gokhle Marg and from Chandra Bhanu Gupta building to Hazratganj Crossing -- at several other places, rounabouts have been made too small. All this has been adding to the traffic woes, which has been plaguing the commuters in the city.Besides, haphazard parking in front of restraunts, marriage lawns and banquet halls further cut down on the speedy and smooth movement of vehicles on various important roads. Citing an example, Nitin Gupta, a resident of Gokhle Marg, said: \"Traffic on the main Ashok Marg has to slow down whenever there is some function booked at a marriage lawn near the Intelligence Headquarters.\" Reason he said that visitors to the lawns are forced to park their vehicle on the Ashok Marg, which cuts down the speed of vehicles coming from Nishatganj side more than often and on several occasions on other side also. It happens even during late night when the traffic load is considerably low as the stretch of Ashok Marg between Sikanderbagh crossing and Gokhle Marg tri-section is very narrow.Similarly, haphazard parking at restraunts in front of Governor House and Hazratganj Crossing also lead to slowing down of traffic at several places. Understanding that haphazard parking is one thing which can be fixed to a certain extent under the short-term strategy, DIG Ashutosh Pandey has decided to tighten noose around restraunts, banquet and marriage lawns which are flouting the norms set for parking of the vehicles.The process to start this exercise has begun with the DIG shooting a letter to LDA vice-chairman on April 15 asking him to provide the list of restraunts, banquet halls and marriage halls that have been permitted to operate in the city by the authority.The DIG has also sought an answer from the V-C to provide with the information that whether the arrangement of parking at these joints was examined when the no-objection certificate was being given to them or not. After this, the police will launch a drive to ensure vehicles coming to these places are parked only at the allotted area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12711442", "title": "City police receive more complaints about credit card fraud", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After media reports on a gang from Delhi targeting credit card holders in the city, police have received more complaints stating fraud through similar modus operandi. City cops have so far received four queries from Satellite , Vastrapur and Navrangpura areas.On Sunday, a team of crime branch officials had arrested Vishal Sharma, 32, a resident of Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh, with four credit cards under different names, two mobile phones, details of seven credit card holders in the city and an Apple iPhone from near IP Mission School near Lal Darwaja. During his questioning, police got to know that he was a member of the team of four that had come from Delhi to the city four days back.The gang had approached various credit card holders, convinced them that they represent a private bank and they can get a credit card with better credit limits. They then cut the card in two halves and left. Later, the halves were joined to use the card for purchases.\"After the media reports, several persons have approached the local police stations stating that they had also been victims of the trick. A couple of government officials have also been duped. We are expecting more complaints to come in. We have also asked the crime branch to provide names of the fraud victims to verify the claims. The accused was nabbed with four credit cards and database of seven accounts,\" said a city police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12712057", "title": "Engineering student rusticated for beating cops", "text": "KOLKATA: The Bengal Engineering and Science University on Tuesday rusticated a final year mechanical engineering student and expelled two students for two years for beating cops during a brawl at a liquor shop on April 12. Acting on the recommendations of a five-member committee, the university rusticated Montu Prasad and expelled Rahul Tiwari and Deepak Kumar.\"They will immediately vacate the hostel and will not be able to avail the hostel facilities when they return,\" said Besu vice-chancellor Ajay Kumar Ray.Six other students who had gone to stop the clash but got involved in the brawl have been barred from taking the last three exams in the final semester. \"These students will have to appear in the supplementary examinations. Guardians of these six students have been summoned. They will have to give an undertaking and the students will have to vacate the hostels,\" Ray added. Parents of nine more students have also been summoned. \"They will give an undertaking and their wards will be barred from hostel,\" Ray said.On April 12 night, three students went to a shack outside the campus to buy booze and got involved in a brawl with the locals. Montu, after being beaten up by them, called for help from his batchmates. He also called police for help. The students beat up cops when they tried to disperse the mob. Six students were arrested and when the news reached the campus, more students attacked the police outpost where their friends were locked up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12714906", "title": "Train movement hit", "text": "KANPUR: The train movement on the busy Kanpur-Allahabad and Kanpur-Lucknow routes came to a halt after a snag occurred in the cable box on the outer part of the Kanpur Central railway station on Tuesday. According to the technical staff working at the site, the snag in the cable box occurred as it had caught fire.Someone might have thrown a burning matchstick or a cigarette near the cable box. It caught fire and the cables got burnt. This brought the train movement to halt on up and down tracks between Kanpur and Lucknow and down track on the Allahabad route.The technical staff rushed to repair the fault. By the time, the snag was repaired, a number of trains could not reach Kanpur Central railway station. This directly affected the passengers who were waiting at the platforms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12710919", "title": "Income-Tax has no record of refund claims", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh Income-Tax (I-T) department has no record of the total refund claims either cleared or pending with it, over the last 10 years. At least that's what I-T officials claimed while responding to an RTI query filed with the department earlier this month. The office stated that it did not maintain a register of refund claims and was thus unable to furnish such details. Queries about the total worth of these refunds (pending and cleared) also remained unanswered.The Right to Information (RTI) application was filed on April 2 to gather data on refund cases pending with the department. Sources allege that several returns filed by tax payers with the state office way back in 1998-99 too are still awaiting clearance by I-T sleuths.Former I-T officials find fault with the department for not responding to the RTI query adequately. They say that information is readily available with the state office. \"The department has a complete record of the returns cleared by it. Even the total worth of these claims is available on the official system,\" said B Shanthi Kumar, a retired I-T official. He, however, noted that the central processing centre in Bangalore and not the state office maintain an account of the pending cases.\"But that does not justify the response as the RTI Act allows an office to source the information, or even redirect the application to another department, in case it does not have the data. That the state I-T office did not consider that option only shows its unwillingness to furnish the information,\" observed C J Karira, an RTI activist from the city. He even pointed out how the department had overlooked a few queries in the application (pertaining to total number of pending claims) amounting to 'deemed denial' (refusal to give data) under Section 7(2) of the RTI Act.Tax experts from the city said that the response only further reiterated the poor state of affairs at the government department. They even accused I-T officials of concealing information for fear of being caught for under-performance. According to them, the total valuation of outstanding returns pending with the AP office run into a few crores of rupees if not more. \"To ensure that such facts are not revealed to the public, the department avoided the application,\" said a tax expert.Experts noted that TDS records and reports were routinely submitted by the state office to the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), New Delhi. \"When a tax payer files returns, there is no TDS certificate or annexure attached to it. The assesse's file is located by the department online. This only goes on to show that the office has every detail punched into its system,\" said R Mittal, a practicing chartered accountant from Hyderabad.G Rajeshwar Rao, chief commissioner-3 (now holding additional charge as CC-1) of the AP I-T department maintained that the department does not keep a record of tax refunds filed with it. He refused to comment further on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mannady", "code": "12709720", "title": "Power supply to be cut on Thursday", "text": "MANNADY: Armenian St, Katchaleeswan Agraham, Mooker Nallamuthu St, Vannian St, Iyyappa Chetty St, Vengata Mastri St, Mannady St, Sowrimuthu St, Muthumani St, Post Office St, Nainaiappan St, Coral Merchant St, Ramasamy St, New St, Chellamuthu lane, Thambu Chetty St, Errabalu St, Moore St, Harban Exchange, Chennai Customes, Muthu St, Lingi Chetty St, Mallieswaran koil North St, Krishna Chetty St, Narayanappa St, Angappa Naikan St, National Hospital, Jaffer Sarang St, Krishnan Koil St, Wavoo Mansion, North Beach Rd 2,3,4th St, Gopal Chetty St, Vada Maragine St, Marcair Labbai St, Rajai Salai, Sembudoss St, Jones St &amp; lane, Bradway Rd, Davedsons St, Achariappan St, Kannadappa St, Chinnathambi St, Anna pillai St, Adiayappan St, Anumandrayan koil St, Malaya perumal St, Adrasam St, Singar St.Nolambur: NNS, HIG, MIG, Adayalampet, Gangaiamman Nagar, Eri shceme, Panneer Nagar, Kongu Nagar, Mohan Ram Nagar, Mugappair / WeSt block 1 to 8, Jeswanth Nagar, Reddy Palayam, AIBE Nagar, Vellalar St, Ponniamman Nagar, Keel Ayanambakkam, Rajen kuppam.R K Nagar: Seniamman koil St, Part of TH Rd, Elayamudali St, Rettai Kuzhi St, Selva Ninayagar koil St, SA Nagar, Thilagar Nagar,Perumal Koil St, TK Garden 3 to 5th St, RK Nagar 1 to 5th St, Vaithyanathan St, Tondaipet. Valluvarkottam: Cathedral garden Rd, G.N.chetty Rd, G.K.puram, Vidyodhaya 1, 2nd cross St, Giri Rd, New Giri Rd, Habibullah Rd, Thirumoorthy Nagar 1 to 6th St, Vaidhayanathan St, Veerabhath St, Pudukula St, Josier St, Nageswara Rd, Mahalingapuram &amp; main Rd, Pushpa Nagar, Nungambakkam lake, Valluvarkottam highm Rd, Tank Bund Rd, Kamarajapuram kakkan colony, Kamdar Nagar, Thirumalaipillai Rd, Kuppusamy St, Habibullah Rd, Sivasailam St, Solaiappan St, Periyar Rd, Dharamapuram I-XII St, Balaji avenue 1, 2nd St, Saradhambal St, Thangavel St.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710308", "title": "Ex-serviceman held at airport with cartridges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Security officials found something suspicious in a bag during security check at IGI airport on Monday. When DIAL security officials checked the bag, they found 33 live cartridges of prohibited .45 calibre.The bag belonged to a retired air force official who was to take a Virgin Atlantic flight to London. The 76-year-old man, identified as Brij Bhushan Vij, allegedly told security officials and Delhi Police that he was going to London to meet his son and had kept the cartridges in his check-in baggage as he thought that they would not get detected. Vij, a resident of Vikaspuri in west Delhi, was arrested under the Arms Act and the cartridges were seized.The cartridges, which can be used only by the defence forces, are old, said a senior cop. The accused neither declared the cartridges nor had any licence on him, cops said. \"The undeclared ammunition was intercepted by DIAL security at Level 4 X-ray. As Vij did not possess valid documents, he was detained and questioned,\" said a senior officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12710470", "title": "New computerised income tax payment facility in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: Union minister of state for finance S S Palanimanickam on Tuesday inaugurated the Aayakar Seva Kendra (ASK centre) at the income tax (I-T) department at Cantonment in Trichy.ASK was set up in select Indian cities last year, and there are about 60-odd such centres in the country. The initiative was part of a modernisation programme whereby people from any jurisdiction can file their returns at a one-stop computerised facility without going to the section clerks.Chennai and Coimbatore had the facility in Tamil Nadu until now, and from today Trichy has been added to the ayakar seva map. Another ASK will be opened in Salem on Wednesday and on Thursday it will be inaugurated in Madurai.Palanimanickam said that since the country had a larger percentage of first-time entrepreneurs, they would not have the requisite experience in filing their I-T returns and had to depend on their auditors who might manipulate them to their advantage. As such, I-T officers should guide first time entrepreneurs and businessmen on the right path, and ASK must play a pivotal role in achieving that. The minister said despite the slowdown of the economy, Chennai region had collected 25% more tax than the target.Chief commissioner of I-T, Chennai, G C Jain, said that among the four metropolitan cities, Chennai topped the list by collecting Rs 34,586 crore which was Rs 1,545 crore more than the target in the last fiscal. Moreover, in the current fiscal, more than a million taxpayers would file their returns online, he added.ASK is a single-window system for taxpayers for delivery of services in a time-bound manner as articulated in the IT department's 2007 Citizen's Charter. All applications including I-T returns would be processed at the centre and system-generated acknowledgments would be issued for easy monitoring of applications, said Dr Sudha Sharma, zonal member of CBDT, New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12712007", "title": "Beware of too much sugar in \u2018healthy\u2019 fruit drinks", "text": "LONDON: 'Healthy' drinks may not be that healthy - these often contain far more sugar than people realize and can actually add up to 450 calories a day to one's diet, researchers have warned.A team at Glasgow University has based its findings on a survey in which it asked more than 2,000 people in the UK to estimate how much sugar was in a range of drinks, the Daily Mail reported.While many overestimated the amount of sugar in fizzy beverages, they underestimated levels in smoothies and fruit juices. The researchers also found that soft drinks account for a most of their recommended calorie intake.The participants were asked to guess number of teaspoons of sugar in a range of popular drinks. They underestimated it for pure apple juice and orange juice, a caffeinated energy drink and a smoothie by between two and four teaspoons. For a pomegranate-based drink, they underestimated the sugar content as nearly 18 teaspoons.The survey suggests the average person in the UK consumes 3,144 calories a week through non-alcoholic liquid intake - this adds around 450 calories a day to one's diets. Prof Naveed Sattar, who led the survey, said, \"What you drink can be as damaging to the body consuming too many sugar-sweetened drinks can greatly contribute to abdominal obesity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12715740", "title": "Demand for inclusion of city MLAs in cabinet", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The issue of non-inclusion of SP MLA's in the state cabinet is once again gaining ground in the Sangam City with organisations and general public expressing discontent over the issue. Now, representations are being sent to the SP high command drawing their attention towards the issue.Stating that ever since the state assembly came into existence, there has never been an occasion when the city failed to find representation, veteran journalist Sunil Kumar Biswas said that this is sending wrong message among the people, in particular the youth, who voted overwhelmingly in favour of the SP. This is reflected in the fact that 8 out of the 12 candidates fielded by the SP were elected.On the other hand, convenor of the Prayagraj Sewa Samiti, Teerthraj Pandey, said that list of ministers in the state cabinet during all previous governments is quite large.However, the non-inclusion of leaders from the city has stalled several developmental projects in the region in particular the trans-Yamuna area.He said that this amounts to neglect of a city like Allahabad which has always remained a centre of national politics in the past.Social activist Ashok Kumar Gupta said that the need of the hour is representation of the city in the state cabinet to effectively handle developmental issues. Moreover, there is no dearth of leaders from the city who can discharge their duties in a responsible manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12711372", "title": "Bid to eradicate iodine deficiency disorders", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has stepped up its efforts to stamp out the use of non-iodized salt. The Mission Steering Group (MSG) - the highest decision-making body of the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) headed by Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad - passed a resolution on Monday to pay Rs 300 to each ASHA annually on testing of at least 50 salt samples per month for 303 iodine deficiency-endemic districts.According to the health ministry, only 20 lakh metric tonnes of iodated salt in the country is being sold in packets. The rest is sold as loose salt. To make matters worse, even labeled salt packets have been found to be non-iodized.Experts say iodine is one of the most essential micronutrients with an average daily requirement of 100-150 micrograms for normal human growth and development. At present, no state in the country is free from Iodine Deficiency Disorders (IDD).Under the NRHM, each ASHA will be given 10-12 kits for a year. A drop of a special solution on the salt from a plastic vial brings about a colour change showing the presence of iodine. The intensity of colour change also indicates the level of iodine present in the salt. These kits will be highly useful in the field as they do not require any infrastructure and are inexpensive, sensitive and will provide immediate results.The MSG meeting document says, \"ASHA being from the same community/village would be very helpful in determining the quality of salt available in the village and will be in position to motivate the people to reject the use of non-iodated salt. She will report to the panchayats which will generate action to compel retail shops to sell iodated salt only. It is proposed that ASHA would be paid an honorarium of Rs 25 per month for testing at least 50 salt samples every month, which works out to 50 paisa per salt sample testing.\"In India, 71 million people are suffering from IDD, which is the leading cause for mental retardation worldwide. Every year 13 million children are born in India unprotected from brain damage caused by iodine deficiency. It is estimated that 200 million population people in India are exposed to the risk of IDD.The health ministry data says that out of 324 districts in all the 28 states, 263 districts are endemic, where the prevalence of IDD is more than 10%. Under the 12th Plan, India aims to bring down prevalence of IDD below 5% in the entire country. By 2017, the ministry wants to ensure 100% consumption of adequately iodated salt (15 PPM) at the household level.The MSG said that according to the National Family Health Survey (NFHS-III), consumption of adequately iodated salt at the household level is only 51%. The consumption of adequately iodated salt at the household level in below poverty line and SC/ST population is about 30% and 40%, respectively. This indicates that the household of BPL and SC/ST population consuming nil/inadequate iodated salt as about 70% and 60%, respectively.Iodometric titration, the traditional method for determining iodine content, is an accurate method, but it is time-consuming and requires infrastructure and trained personnel. In India, these laboratories are located at the state headquarters. Hence, the length of time between collecting the sample and the availability of results is considerably high.\"It is important that salt monitoring is carried out at community level so that the people themselves are in a position to demand iodized salt. This is all the more important for areas where loose salt is being used and labels cannot be an indication of iodations of salt. The scheme is expected to cost Rs. 12.27 crore per annum,\" MSG said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12710403", "title": "Rape victim dies in hospital after suicide bid", "text": "JAIPUR: A 16-year-old Dalit girl who attempted suicide by setting herself on fire after she was allegedly raped at Jasti Ka Bagh village in Sikar district succumbed to her injuries on Tuesday.She had sustained 60% burns and was being treated at SMS hospital since April 3. The family staged a dharna outside Vidhan Sabha and are demanding ex gratia of Rs 20 lakh. After sustaining more than 60 % burns, Suman, a Class VIII student, was admitted to the burns ward of SMS hospital on April 3. Meanwhile, as the doctors tried hard to bring her back, her parents had a hard time lodging an FIR against the accused.On Tuesday morning, the doctors informed Girdhari Lal that his daughter was no more. Later, the infuriated family members alleged that the police were harassing them and were not allowing them to take back the body as they had staged a dharna in front of the Vidhan Sabha.\"When she was raped nobody at Neem Ka Thana police station registered a complaint. The case was registered after three days. Though the accused, Rajaram Jaat, 23, has been arrested, our family is getting anonymous calls to withdraw the case and negotiate,\" alleged Jeetendra , uncle of the victim.He said senior police officers are trying to save the rape accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12709674", "title": "Rs 1.5L stolen from Tasmac shop in Thiruvanmiyur", "text": "CHENNAI: Unidentified men on Tuesday stole Rs 1.5 lakh from a Tasmac shop in Thiruvanmiyur. On Wednesday morning, when the supervisor opened the shop, he noticed a hole in the wall. Ramasamy lodged a complaint at the Thiruvanmiyur police station. Police lifted fingerprints from the scene. The police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12718206", "title": "Mahesh Babu \u2013 Kajal to start shooting soon", "text": "Mahesh Babu's next flick to be directed by Sukumar is all set to start shooting from the April 23. The first schedule will begin in Annapoorna Studios. A huge set has been erected for the shooting. The unit will start with a song picturised on the lead pair Mahesh Babu and Kajal Aggarwal. Nandi Award-winning choreographer Prem Rakshit is choreographing the song. Devi Sri Prasad is composing the music for this film which is being touted as a romantic entertainer.Source: 123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12711565", "title": "World noticed us through Thakazhi's novels: Chandy", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Chief minister Oommen Chandy said that it was the legendary writer Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai who gave Malayalam literature a prominent place in world literature.The chief minister was inaugurating the birth centenary celebrations of the late writer at his residence on Tuesday evening.\"Thakazhi's novels were fully based on real characters of our society and each story is a journey through the history of Kerala and its society,\" said Chandy.Actors Sheela and KPAC Lalitha, who enacted the writers' characters, were honoured by the chief minister here.Cultural affairs minister K C Joseph said the 'Thakazhi' memorial will be beautified.Joseph also inaugurated a website of Thakazhi Smaraka Samiti on the occasion.The week-long literary festival organized by the samiti - as part of the celebrations - concluded on Tuesday. District collector V Ratheesan, district panchayat president U Pratibha Hari and Thakazhi's son S Balakrishnan Nair also spoke on the occasion.Alappuzha: Chief minister Oommen Chandy said that it was the legendary writer Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai who gave Malayalam literature a prominent place in world literature. The chief minister was speaking after inaugurating the birth centenary celebrations of the late writer Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai at his residence 'Sankaramangalam' in Thakazhi on Tuesday evening.Thakazhi' novels were fully based on the real characters of our society and his novels are like a journey through the history of Kerala and its society, '' the chief minister said. The actors of films written by Thakazhi, Sheela and KPAC Lalitha were also honoured on the occasion by the chief minister.Cultural minister K C Joseph said that Thakazhi memorial will be beautified in order to attract more people to his residence. K C Joseph also inaugurated a website of Thakazhi Samaraka Samithi on the occasion. The week-long literary festival organised by Thakazhi Samaraka Samithi as part of the birth centenary celebrations of Thakazhi also concluded on Tuesday.District collector V Ratheesan, district panchayat president U Pratibha Hari and Thakazhi's son S Balakrishnan Nair also spoke on the occasion.Alappuzha: Chief minister Oommen Chandy said that it was the legendary writer Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai who gave Malayalam literature a prominent place in world literature. The chief minister was speaking after inaugurating the birth centenary celebrations of the late writer Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai at his residence 'Sankaramangalam' in Thakazhi on Tuesday evening.Thakazhi' novels were fully based on the real characters of our society and his novels are like a journey through the history of Kerala and its society, '' the chief minister said. The actors of films written by Thakazhi, Sheela and KPAC Lalitha were also honoured on the occasion by the chief minister.Cultural minister K C Joseph said that Thakazhi memorial will be beautified in order to attract more people to his residence. K C Joseph also inaugurated a website of Thakazhi Samaraka Samithi on the occasion. The week-long literary festival organised by Thakazhi Samaraka Samithi as part of the birth centenary celebrations of Thakazhi also concluded on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12715895", "title": "Abducted forester rescued", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A forest guard apparently fell prey to his liquor addiction and made the work easy for a gang of criminals to abduct him.Ramadas Prasad of the Badam Domatand jungle in Barkagaon range, apparently mistook the abductors as his friends and readily accompanied with them to Badam forest for a liquor party. He soon fell unconscious under heavy alcohol 'dose' and was taken hostage by the gang. Police have rescued him on Monday night.The kidnappers had demanded Rs 20 lakh from Prasad's relatives for releasing him, said police. Hazaribag SP Pankaj Kamboj said he constituted a task force to trace the forester on Sunday. A police team was sent to Barkagaon to conduct raids from three points to rescue Prasad, added Kamboj. \"The police team rescued the forester from the abductors in the thick forests of Chandarchuggi bordering Urimari, about 20 km from Barkagaon, after a search operation.\" tnnThe gang mainly targeted government employees, businessmen and well-to-do farmers in the rich Barkagaon belt, the SP said.On the consequences that led to the forester's abduction, the SP said the victim was locked in a room by some men who worked in nexus with the criminals who took him hostage. The SP said tracing the phone call made by the culprits to Prasad's relatives, police got some hints of the exact location where the victim was held captive. Kamboj said the abductors were not Maoists. The criminals managed to escape taking advantage of the darkness, added Kamboj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12711811", "title": "Jalandhar building collapse toll rises to 9, probes ordered", "text": "JALANDHAR: The death roll in the Jalandhar factory collapse rose to nine, while about 60 persons were rescued from under the rubble by Tuesday evening.The exact number of people trapped inside, still unknown, even as rescue operations were on at the spot. Three persons were rescued in the wee hours on Monday, while four more bodies were taken out by Tuesday. Three more were spotted by the national disaster response force men, who could not reach them under the rubble.Meanwhile, after treating the building owner Shital Vij on Monday, the Jalandhar police booked the industrialist under Prevention of Corruption Act, for allegedly bribing officials with whose connivance he could raise the factory building illegally. The industries department also woke up from its slumber to lodge nearly 6 different complaints against Vij. On Monday night, he was booked for homicide not amounting to murder.The Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal, who visited the spot on Tuesday, ducked questions on fixing the responsibility of officials.Badal was here to take stock of the rescue operation which is still going on and is expected to continue for several hours more. The CM also announced that 3 enquiries would be conducted in the collapse of blanket factory Shital Fibres, owned by Vij. Apart from an enquiry by Jalandhar divisional commissioner Anurag Verma, a technical probe by a three-member expert committee led by the technical advisor to Punjab government Lt Gen (Retd) B S Dhaliwal, head of the civil engineering department of the PEC university, Chandigarh and PWD (B&R;) engineer-in-chief R P Singh will also be conducted to look into the technical flaws and shortcomings which led to the collapse of this building. Third enquiry would be conducted by special investigation team (SIT) of police which would be headed by ADFCP (Hq) Navjot Singh Mahal.Badal said he was at loss of words to explain the tragedy and said both industries as well as local bodies departments would conduct the safety audit in the entire state, so that any such accident mishap could be prevented in future. However, when asked if responsibility of officials would also be fixed, he evaded any direct reply even after the question was asked repeatedly and said, \"Our focus should be on saving the lives now and lets pray together,\" he said. He said owners of buildings in which violations would be detected, would be put on notice and they would be solely responsible for safety of the buildings,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12710925", "title": "'Jeevandaan' remains on paper in state", "text": "HYDERABAD: Cadaver organ transplantations have dropped to an all-time low this year with just three families coming forward to donate the organs of their kin so far. Experts note that despite an intensive awareness campaign and large scale improvement in the healthcare infrastructure, the number of cadaver transplants have only been witnessing a dip.While the waiting period for kidneys has gone up to three years, it is much longer wait for liver and heart. At Global Hospital, that supposedly performs the highest number of organ transplant surgeries in the city, authorities said that 60% of the patients on the waiting list for liver and heart are dying each year. For want of kidney donors, 20% of the patients on the waiting list are dying annually in the state.Dr S Saharia, transplant surgeon at KIMS that has a waiting list of 200 kidney patients, said that after a gap of three months, the hospital performed its first kidney transplantation about 10 days ago this year. \"The scenario is worse than last year. There were a lot of brain-dead patients but many families were refusing at the last minute. Apart from locals, residents of Maharashtra, Karnataka, Assam and Kolkata are registering their names hoping that they will get a call,\" said Dr Saharia. He adds that in Tamil Nadu, due to the government's intervention, one cadaver transplant is taking place every week.Experts maintain that in a big city like Hyderabad hundreds of accidents take place every year. There are 8 to 10 brain-dead patients any given day in different ICUs of city hospitals, but nearly 10-12 people succumb every day awaiting vital cadaver organs.Many lives can be saved If the three government teaching hospitals including Gandhi, Osmania and Nims where most of the accident cases are reported take the initiative, say specialists. But cadaver transplantation continues to be grim. Further, they add that unless the government takes active interest in kickstarting the much delayed Jeevandaan scheme, the situation is not likely to improve. The government had even earmarked Rs one crore for the scheme that was supposed to act as a virtual coordinating mechanism between donors, recipients, hospitals and NGOs but it has failed to see the light of the day even after three years, they rue.Hospital authorities say that with the huge paucity of cadaver organs, even the hospitals are losing interest. For, if four lakh people suffer from failure of vital organs annually, a meager two per cent get organs for transplantation. At Global Hospital, where the waiting list is over 100, authorities said that if the hospital had performed three cadaver transplants last year during the corresponding period, it has done only one cadaver organ transplantation this year.Times ViewIt was in 2009 that the government had announced that it would put together a body where all the patients awaiting organs would be listed and organs provided to them based on their waiting period and also their medical condition. In addition to this, the government had planned to start massive awareness programmes on organ donation. This system that had the potential to streamline organ donations and save many precious lives remains on paper even as other states such as Tamil Nadu have proved how the effective implementation of a similar programme has been able to save lives. It's time the state health department takes notice of the many avoidable deaths being reported in city hospital for paucity of organs and puts this body in place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12710329", "title": "Jaipur biker gets Rear Admirable rank of US", "text": "This executive from a pharma major - who hardly fits the profile of a drudgery-deadened corporate figure - has been hailed as an 'Iron Butt'. This is a title that biking enthusiasts would kill to earn in their lifetime. Vivek Soni had submitted the requisite details of his ride between Bangalore and Delhi to the Iron Butt Association of the US which has more than 50,000 members. He was amazed when he received the recognition and a certificate a few weeks ago. Soni hails from Jaipur but now lives in Ahmedabad as he is employed with a private firm there.Soni completed the ride, on his Yamaha R15, spanning 2,530 kilometres in less than 36 hours. That made him qualify in two categories of the 'Iron Butt Ride' - 1,609 km and 1,500 km. Soni says he is among the few Indians on the Iron Butt website to have clocked 2,530 km. The closest was a contender called Vinu, who rode 30 kilometres less than Soni.For being the 'Iron Butt', Soni had to leave some electronic trace of his ride as proof. \"I used my debit card and bought something en route to show that I was riding every hour,\" he said. \"Every 200 km, I had to identify a witness who would ratify that I had passed by the spot in question.\" Soni said it was not easy to win the accolade. \"This was a ride I undertook in May 2009 and the Iron Butt Association took some time to certify my ride,\" he said.When asked why he decided to embark on the challenging ride, Soni said, \"I had to prove to my parents that my decision to buy a bike could be vindicated.\" He said on one occasion, he had called his parents in Pune to say he would be home for Diwali celebrations. \"I rode 980 kilometres nonstop from Delhi to reach Pune in less than 13 hours,\" Soni said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710361", "title": "CPM MP asks CAG to quantify loss in KG basin deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: CPM member Prasanta Chatterjee asked comptroller and auditor general Vinod Rai on Tuesday whether the auditor could quantify the loss to the government on account of conditions of the production contract for KG gas not being adhered to.While an agency report said Congress member Saifuddin Soz also supported the demand that was raised at Tuesday's meeting of the Public Accounts Committee, well placed sources denied the MP made any reference to the matter.Soz is understood to have told the CAG that the auditor has been premature in coming to the committee with his findings as the government is yet to indicate how it views the recommendations made in the report on KG basin. The MP said the CAG seemed to be of the view that the report has been ignored by the government.CAG also pointed out that there were anomalies in the manner in which the contract was given after receiving bids. Previously, the CAG had maintained that RIL violated production sharing contract and the petroleum ministry and the directorate general of hydrocarbons had ignored this. Government is getting only one-tenth of the contractor's profits under the present contract.On its part, RIL had said in an earlier meeting that CAG did not give it enough time to respond and that it was not \"building real estate in the sea\". The company said there were geological factors that needed to be understood before concluding that there was a violation of rules.CAG has also found anomalies like non-alignment of area (KG basin), declaration of the entire area as discovery area, unjustified extension of exploration phases, lack of appraisal programme and awards on a single tender basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12710340", "title": "Property dispute angle to be probed", "text": "JAIPUR: An eerie silence prevailed at Manoharpura village in the city outskirts on Tuesday, a day after four members of a family including three children were brutally slaughtered.A large number of local people- including those from several nearby villagers - participated in the final rituals. The 65-year old woman, Shrigari Devi, who was killed, had no son and was staying with the family of one of her three daughters. This resulted in a grudge among the children of the other two daughters against the elderly woman as they feared that they might not inherit the property.\"One of the daughters was to inherit her property including nearly five bigha of land and a well. It might have developed a grudge in the children of other two daughters for the woman,\" a senior police officer said.On Monday morning, the bodies Shrigari Devi and her three grandchildren - Ramji Lal (13), Keshanta (10) and Kavita (8) -- were found in the house and in a farm nearby.Their throats were slit. The police said all the three children were attacked in their sleep. Ramji Lal even woke up after being attacked and ran outside the house, but collapsed due to excessive bleeding and died.Commissioner of police BL Soni said that robbery as a motive has been completely ruled out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12715859", "title": "Naveen absence cloud over Biju death anniversary", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: BJD supremo Naveen Patnaik's absence in the state capital and his reported differences with party MP Pyarimohan Mohapatra cast a shadow on Biju Patnaik's 15th death anniversary meeting at the ruling party office here on Tuesday.In the absence of Mohapatra and Naveen, who is away in New Delhi, finance minister Prafulla Chandra Ghadei ran the show, starting from garlanding Biju Patnaik's statue to presiding over the meeting at the BJD office. Party sources said Naveen, before leaving for New Delhi on Sunday, had assigned the task to Ghadei. There were just a handful of people when Ghadei reached the Forest Park in the morning to garland Biju Patnaik's statue. \"We were all informed to come at 8am, but the finance minister came much before that and left before our arrival,\" said a BJD leader.The turnout at the meeting arranged inside the BJD office, unlike on previous occasions, was very poor. Many ministers, MLAs and MPs were found absent. Rallies which party leaders normally bring separately ostensibly to show their loyalty to the leaders were hardly visible. Those sitting on the dais were found sweating profusely without fans around.Amid reports of power struggle brewing in the party, speeches made at the meeting were quite guarded in tone and tenor. No party meeting anywhere in the state has so far gone without BJD leaders showering equal volume of praise on Naveen Patnaik and Pyarimohan Mohapatra. But Tuesday's meeting was quite different. Apparently, apprehensive of inviting trouble, BJD leaders treading cautiously only took the chief minister's name in their speeches and avoided Mohapatra, let alone describing him \"Margadarshak\", \"Chanakya\" and other such adjectives as they do without fail.Former minister Damodar Rout, a known critic of Mohapatra, however, did not lose the opportunity to covertly throw a few words against the latter. \"We have only one leader,\" he said, referring to Naveen Patnaik. Dropping hints that there is no second power centre to be tolerated in the party, he said everybody needs to resolve not to 'pamper' anyone and work with self-respect and dignity. Finance minister Ghadei described Naveen a \"transparent\" leader and asked party men not to do anything to taint his image. Party MLA Debasish Samantray said, \"Everybody has to stand behind Naveen Patnaik. There is no other leader in the party.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12711268", "title": "BJP strikes gold in MCD elections, Cong stunned", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP struck gold on Tuesday in the MCD (Municipal Corporation of Delhi) elections, winning two of the three civic bodies and emerging close to a majority in the third. The results indicated that voters were simply not impressed by the Congress party and chief minister Sheila Dikshit's promise of \"development and good governance\".As the trend became apparent, the BJP quickly dubbed it a referendum on not just the performance of the Dikshit government but also that of the \"corruption-hit\" Congress-led Union government which, it claimed, has piled up people's misery by its inability to curb prices. While Dikshit chose not to comment on the polls, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh played down the import of the verdict, calling it a local election.The BJP won the North and East Delhi corporations, leaving the Congress on the fringes even in its strongholds in the slums, unauthorized colonies and the Muslim-dominant areas. In the South Delhi Corporation, BJP will have to win the support of independents and the BSP to muster a majority - a prospect that doesn't look difficult - for a clean sweep.The BJP leaders claimed that the results indicated a distinct anti-Congress mood in Delhi. While the claim isn't entirely misplaced, it could be risky to read the MCD poll results as an indicator to the Delhi assembly polls or the Lok Sabha election. Last time, too, BJP had swept the MCD election, but lost the assembly poll as well as Lok Sabha seats in the city.However, what must be disconcerting for the Congress is its loss in East Delhi, where the Dikshit government has carried out focused development, and in the unauthorized colonies. Lack of development in the latter as well as irregularities in the regularization of unauthorized colonies are said to have damaged the party's standing in these colonies where lakhs of voters live. Known to be traditional Congress voters, they appear to have turned their back to the party this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12710482", "title": "Socio-economic, caste census from April 20", "text": "TRICHY: For the first time, the socio-economic and caste census for the year 2011 will commence in the urban areas of Trichy, from April 20 to May 31, 2012.According to a press statement, government employees from all departments will be involved in this census drive. For this drive in the corporation sector, 424 enumerators and 70 supervisors were selected for the four zones, Srirangam, Ariyamangalam, Golden Rock, K Abishekapuram.In order to train the involved personnel in the required process, the Trichy corporation has already conducted a training class on March 16, 2012, where the master training facilitator Neelakantan and master trainers of the corporation trained the supervisors and enumerators for the four zones. Likewise, the corporation will conduct a second phase of the training programme for two days, April 18 and 19. The respective master trainers of the zones will take the training classes.Earlier, the master training facilitator conducted a training class for the master trainers for two days, April 10 and 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12712947", "title": "University teachers write to guv for V-C ouster", "text": "MUMBAI: Sixteen faculty members of the University of Mumbai have demanded the resignation of vicechancellor Rajan Welukar. They wrote to governor K Sankarnarayanan about the \"sense of restlessness in the academic community ever since Welukar took over as the V-C\".The letter is signed by heads of department like U J Dixit of the statistics department, A R Aithal of the school of maths, and senior faculty members like Neeraj Hatekar, Ritu Dewan, Romar Correa and Mala Lalwani of the school of economics ; P S Vivek and E Rodriques of the department of sociology, etc.They raised six critical issues ; the barcoding system, which the faculty say is cumbersome, the credit-based semester pattern, which they feel is not functioning well because of the high teacher-student ratio, outsourcing work to the MKCL, which they said must be discontinued immediately and the vacant positions that have not been filled. The teachers said the issues were raised but the V-C \"ignored \" them. The V-C was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "dhandhran road", "code": "12715186", "title": "2 colonies in Dhandhran road razed", "text": "Dhandhran Road: Taking action against the defaulters, Greater Ludhiana Area Development Authority (GLADA) conducted an anti-encroachment drive on Tuesday on Dhandhran Road and razed two-and-half illegal colonies.The GLADA officials razed two illegal colonies in the area following which the colonisers started protesting against the officials and stopped the drive. For the past 15 days, a tussle is going on between the colonisers and GLADA authorities.On Tuesday too, the GLADA officials were opposed when they were demolishing a third illegal colony. The colonisers finally agreed for paying the charges for developing the colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12711005", "title": "Verdict in siblings' murder likely in mid-May", "text": "COIMBATORE: The verdict in the October 2010 murder of siblings Hirithik and Muskan Jain, that shocked the nation, is expected in the middle of May. About 31 witnesses have been examined by special public prosecutor U Sankaranarayanan and five more are to be examined.On October 29, 2010, R Muskan (10) and her brother R Hirithik (7) were abducted by call taxi driver Mohanakrishnan and his friend R Manoharan before being killed and dumped in the Parambikulam-Aliyar-Project (PAP) canal near Ankalakurichi, Pollachi. Muskan Jain was also raped before being done to death. Immediately, police arrested Mohanakrishnan and Manoharan.On November 8, 2010, Mohanakrishnan was taken from the Coimbatore central prison to the scene of crime when he was shot dead while trying to escape. The case trial has been in Mahila court in Coimbatore. Sankaranarayanan, appointed by the government to expedite the case, examined at least 31 witnesses in the case. According to sources, he plans to cross examine five more witnesses. Police listed 121 witnesses, but, the SPP believed that over 36 witnesses are enough. After the cross examination by the SPP, the witnesses will be examined by defence counsel M Irudhayaraj.The sources said the verdict was expected to be delivered in the middle of next month. The judiciary and police expect co-accused Manoharan to be awarded a death sentence or life imprisonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12714253", "title": "Tiger found dead in Melghat reserve", "text": "NAGPUR: At a time when Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR) has come out of the red with improved tiger sightings due to better protection, death of a tiger has come as a big blow to the reserve.With this, the death toll of tigers in Maharashtra in the past five months (since November 3, 2011) has mounted to eight. Maharashtra lost 7 tigers - 5 in Chandrapur district and 2 in Tipeshwar - in the past.A full-grown tiger was found dead 100 metres away from a water hole in Chourakund forest range in Sipna wildlife division of MTR on Monday, around 9pm by the patrolling staff. The last report of a tiger death in Melghat was seven years ago, officials said.\"The foul smell led the staff to the putrefied carcass of the tiger. Over 40% body parts including claws and teeth were intact indicating there was no element of poaching,\" said AK Mishra, chief conservator of forests (CCF) and field director of Melghat. \"The carcass is 8 to 10 days old and seems to have been eaten by small carnivores,\" he added.Mishra said that the tiger seems to have died due to old age as its canines showed wear and tear. He also ruled out poisoning as cause of death. \"There is regular monitoring of water holes by the field staff and they were already on the job when they traced the tiger,\" he said.However, the post-mortem report will only reveal the exact cause of death. The park authorities were not sure whether to go for DNA testing to know whether the dead tiger was a male or female.The panchnama and post-mortem was performed in the presence of Sipna deputy conservator of forests, S Yuvraj and Amravati honorary district wildlife warden, Vishal Bansod who was present as the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) representative.BOXDeath of a tiger* Sipna tiger died due to old age, canines showed wear and tear* Carcass is 8-10 days old* 7 years ago last tiger death was reported in Melghat* State has lost eight tigers in last five monthsEnds", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12713832", "title": "Bid to revive Bihu in courtyards", "text": "GUWAHATI: The North East Big Cultural Society (Nebcus) and a group of young Bihu dancers from Titabor in Jorhat district have taken the initiative to revive the age-old tradition of performing Bihu dance in the courtyards of households during the first month of the Assamese new year - Bohag.After undergoing training from Nebcus experts for a month, the group started performing Bihu dance in the courtyards of the houses in the city and its outskirts from Tuesday. The organization not only wants to revive the age-old tradition that has gone into oblivion, but also popularize traditional Bihu dance in urban areas.The Bihu troupe kicked off their mission in the city from the Guwahati Press Club on Tuesday and managed to draw the attention of many Bihu enthusiasts on the first day itself. They will perform in Guwahati and its outskirts for the next 10 days. Young singer Eka Baruah also won the hearts of audiences as she sung the evergreen Assamese hit 'O sharu bhaniti mugar riha pindhili' on the occasion.\"Before stage performances became popular during Bihu, the Bihu dance, which is close to the heart of every Assamese, was performed in the courtyards of households. People gathered in the courtyard of a house to enjoy the performance. But today, even in rural areas, very few Bihu dancers visit households. Our new endeavour is aimed at reviving this tradition, which brings the Bihu dance and people closer to each other,\" said Gaganastam, chairperson of Nebcus.Lauding the efforts of the young Bihu troupe, popular Assamese actor Chetana Das expressed hope that this endeavour to revive the old Bihu tradition will bring back the lost charm of the festival.\"Earlier, families used to eagerly wait for the arrival of Bihu dancers in their homes and they used to prepare pithas especially for the dancers,\" Das said, wishing the dance troupe luck. \"The festival has adapted to changes with time, but we must make sure that the festival does not lose its glory and traditions,\" said Bihu exponent Dilip Phukan. He was critical about the mushrooming of Bihu workshops in the state. He added, \"Parents must see the qualifications of the trainers of the workshops before admitting their kids.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12711606", "title": "Attack on scribe: Rasheed remanded for attack on scribe", "text": "KOCHI: DySP N Abdul Rasheed, who was arrested on Monday in connection with the case of attempted murder of Mathrubhumi's Kollam reporter V B Unnithan, was remanded in judicial custody for 14 days by the Ernakulam chief judicial magistrate court on Tuesday. It was after being questioned by a CBI team that Rasheed was produced before the court.Sources at the office of home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan said Rasheed was placed under suspension. He was working as Crime Branch NRI cell DYSP, Thiruvananthapuram. At the court, Rasheed complained that the CBI team had manhandled him. Directing that he be kept in judicial custody, the court asked jail officials to ensure that he is given proper medical care if required. Later, while being taken to a vehicle from the court, the DySP fainted, but the CBI team maintained that he was putting on a show.Rasheed, who was held in confinement at Ernakulam district jail was, however, shifted to the Thrissur Medical College by evening after he had complained of uneasiness. \"In the evening, he complained of uneasiness andWe immediately took him to the Ernakulam General Hospital. And as per the advice of the doctors there, we shifted him to the medical college,\" the officials said.It was a year after the attack by a 'quotation' gang that left the scribe fatally wounded that the CBI team led by additional superintendent Jayakumar arrested the cop. Rasheed is at present a DySP in Crime Branch's NRI Cell and president of Kerala Police Officers Association.Unnithan was attacked 9.30pmon April 16, 2011 while returning from work. Both his legs were broken and he was hospitalized for two months. Investigations by a Crime Branch teamrevealed that the attack was part of a conspiracy hatched by some senior cops who employed local goons for the job.Cops had earlier held DySP Santhosh Nair, and a goon, 'Container' Santhosh, in connection with the incident. 'Container' Santosh had named Rasheed and Nair as those who hired him to attack the scribe.The government then decided to handover the investigation to the CBI following widespread agitation by journalists' unions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12710889", "title": "Reserve Bank of India brokers thrive 'short-changing'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Right outside the highly secured Reserve Bank of India (RBI) office at Saifabad, an illegal business activity has been thriving involving hundreds of unemployed men and women - who have taken up the role of unofficial currency vendors. Charging anywhere between 2% and 10% to exchange higher denomination notes with lower denomination ones, these brokers have monopolized the bank role dispensing change. If there were a handful of such brokers working discreetly about five years ago, it has now become a full-fledged open trading centre with more than 200 vendors jostling for space outside the bank at any given time. Each day, this bunch of brokers exchange an estimated Rs 10 lakh and sometimes even more.The modus operandi of these agents is simple. Everyday the bank counter opens from 10 am to 3 pm during which time the brokers exchange the amount for smaller denomination notes and sell the change outside. Most of the people queuing up at the RBI counters are either agents or their workers with a few from the general public, who find themselves edged out of the line.The brokers, of course, do brisk business. They exchange a minimum amount of Rs 500 and charge Rs 50 in return for the change. Vendors here claim they can not only exchange thousands, but even lakhs should the customer be looking at procuring change sans any hassle. \"Tell me how much amount you are looking at. I can even arrange for low denomination notes for lakhs of rupees within no time,\" bragged a vendor outside the RBI.Surprisingly, this business has suddenly seen an influx of women, many of whom are poor housewives. Now they make up for more than majority of the vendors. \"My husband is an alcoholic and we are reeling under a huge debt. I tell him that I am going to relative's house and do business here for about four hours every day,\" confided a female vendor.Most of the clients who come here are traders, businessmen, general public in need of small change and even those who want to use currency coins for religious rituals. Ganesh Jain, an automobile spare parts dealer is one such regular client here who paid Rs 150 extra for Rs 10,000 smaller denomination notes. \"Since there is regular money transaction in my business in the form of payments I need smaller denominations. I find these vendors very helpful as only for a small exchange rate, I get the amount with my choice of denomination without having to waste much time.\"Some of these vendors even have tie-ups with some traders and deliver the required denomination at their doorstep. While the bank officials brush it as an activity which is happening outside their premises, police officials indirectly blame the bank for the present situation. V Umender, Saifabad inspector, said, \"We have warned these vendors on several occasions and even tried to move them but still they came back. Now we are trying to work on this issue seriously.\" \"Had the bank authorities taken serious note of this issue and acted on time, this situation would not have arisen,\" he added. RBI officials remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12715834", "title": "Touts rule writ large in summer ticket rush", "text": "RANCHI: A man can do what a computer cannot, at least at the Ranchi railway station reservation centres. Just pay Rs 300 to get your waitlisted ticket confirmed. And, railway officials are not surprised, too. \"It (bribe business) is not an extraordinary phenomenon here,\" says a Ranchi railway division official unabashedly.A large number of touts, posing as passengers, roam reservation counters at the railway station during working hours. These touts look for passengers who look harried and offer them \"help\" for which they demand a sum of Rs 300 to Rs 500.One such tout at the railway station approached this correspondent who was getting a ticket for the Ranchi Rajdhani (12440). \"What's your waiting list?\" inquired the middle-aged tout. \"Its 40-odd. It's too embarrassing,\" replied this correspondent. \"Don't you know a minister? Take his name and you can get it confirmed. I know one and it's easy for my family to travel anytime,\" the tout said. \"I have a friend who will help you. You pay Rs 300 to him as he is a poor fellow,\" offered the tout. He called a \"friend\" of him and got the deal done.\"They get all waitlisted tickets confirmed for which they strike a deal,\" said Jharkhand Passengers' Association chief R K Sarawgi. At least some 10 such touts are active at the railway station. Sarawgi further said, \"They are seasoned players and have good 'friendships' inside the reservation counters.\"A registered city-based travel agent, who is engaged in booking railway tickets, had more to reveal. \"Each of these touts manages to earn Rs 3,000 to Rs 4,000 daily, 50% of which is given to 'friends' in reservation department. Around 40% of the remaining amount exchanges hands at different stages. Finally, a tout manages to earn around Rs 400 to Rs 500 a day,\" said the travel agent on condition of anonymity.As summer vacations are not far away and almost every family has tour plans, confirmed tickets are rare these days. The Internet has it all. A search for seat availability on various trains displays lack of seat availability.Premium trains to Delhi like the Ranchi Rajdhani Express, Hatia Anand-Vihar Jharkhand Swarn Jayanti Express and Ranchi-New Delhi Garib Rath have already been overbooked. For Gorakhpur Maurya Express, Kerala Alappuzha-Dhanbad Express, Darjeeling Ranchi-New Alipurduar Express also have long waiting lists.JPA vice-president Ashok Nagpal justifies the reason. The standard of passengers has improved and those who used to travel AC-II and AC-III classes have moved to the AC-I class. Similarly, those who used to travel sleeper class, now travel in the AC-III class. The rush has worked out in favour of the agents for making some quick bucks. \"They will continue to make a moolah till mid-July. Even a fortnight after vacations are over, tourists continue to arrive from various destinations,\" added Nagpal.Top officials in the Ranchi railway division are also aware of the touts. Ranchi DRM G Mallya did not disagree with the reports. \"At times, we crack down on such elements. There have been several occasions in the past when they have been detained also,\" Mallya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12709397", "title": "Chennai records first H1N1 death this year, second in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: A 22-year-old student, who was admitted to a private hospital in the city with the H1N1 virus, died of respiratory complications on Monday, the first death due to the contagion in the city this year. Doctors said Niveditha was put on ventilator for more than a week and was given medication, including oseltamivir, the drug used to treat patients with the virus.Director of public health R T Porkai Pandian said Niveditha was the second victim of H1N1 in the state in 2012. A 75-year-old farmer from Tirupur died after being infected by the virus in Coimbatore two weeks ago. The state has recorded 52 people with H1N1 patients so far this year.Niveditha, a resident of Villupuram, was first treated at the Pondicherry Institute of Medical Sciences. Throat swabs taken from her were sent to the Jawaharlal Institute of Postgraduate Medical Education and Research in Puducherry on April 6. Three days later, tests confirmed the H1N1 infection.Doctors had by then put Niveditha on ventilator after she developed severe respiratory problems. Her family shifted her to Apollo Firstmed Hospital in Chennai on April 9. A doctor from the hospital said she remained on ventilator till her death on Monday. The hospital sent fresh throat swabs to the King Institute of Preventive Medicine, but they tested negative for the virus.\"This is possibly because she was already given oseltamivir. Her condition continued to deteriorate and she died on Monday at 5.30pm,\" he said. Doctors said she died of acute respiratory distress syndrome caused due to H1N1.Infectious diseases experts said the disease can be treated but it could, in a small percentage of healthy people, be fatal. \"Most H1N1 deaths are due to delayed diagnosis or treatment. But some people fail to respond to medication. We do not think there is a new virulent strain of the virus,\" a senior doctor said.Corporation of Chennai's health department said they were not aware of the death till Tuesday evening. \"We have no reports from the hospital,\" chief health officer P Kuganantham said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "hong kong", "code": "12714634", "title": "Alibaba hires ex-US official to aid lobbying", "text": "HONG KONG: Alibaba Group Holding Ltd hired former US official James Mendenhall as China's biggest e-commerce company steps up an appeal to Washington to remove its Taobao site from a list of \"notorious markets\" for piracy.Mendenhall will represent Alibaba in talks with the US government and industry groups over intellectual property rights protection, John Spelich, a Hong Kong-based spokesman at the Chinese internet company, said in an e-mail today. Mendenhall is a counsel at the Washington DC office of Sidley Austin LLP, according to the law firm's website.Taobao, China's biggest shopping website, was among more than 30 online and physical markets worldwide identified in a US Trade Representative Office report in December for helping the illegal sale of pirated and counterfeit goods. The hiring of Mendenhall, a general counsel for the USTR under the George W Bush administration, came after Alibaba contracted Washington lobbying firm Duberstein Group Inc last year.Mendenhall and Duberstein are helping in Alibaba's talks with US industry groups, including the Recording Industry Association of America and the Motion Picture Association of America , Spelich said.\"We are having good discussions,\" Spelich said. \"It's an exchange: here's what we have done, here's what we are working on, and let's get some feedback about the kind of thing you are interested in seeing.\"E-commerce unitsYahoo Inc , the biggest US portal, is the largest shareholder in closely held Alibaba Group, based in Hangzhou, east China, with a stake of about 40 per cent. Alibaba runs e-commerce units including Taobao, the Alibaba.com site for business owners, and the Juhuasuan coupons site.\"We have been talking to their counsel about steps that Taobao could take to reduce its role as a hub for the distribution of infringing content,\" Cara Duckworth Weiblinger, a spokeswoman at the Recording Industry Association in Washington, said by e-mail. \"We are hopeful that Taobao will soon take actions that will be effective and deterrent.\"The Motion Picture Association had recent talks with Alibaba, Washington-based spokesman Howard Gantman said, also by e-mail.Taobao employs about 200 people in its Information Safety department, which aims to stop sales of infringing products, Spelich wrote in a February 10 letter to the USTR. Offending merchandize will be removed from the site, and vendors may be banned, according to the letter. Taobao had removed 63 million infringing product listings by the end of last year, it said.In 2011, Taobao signed intellectual property protection agreements with luggage maker Samsonite International SA, and luxury-leather goods maker Coach Inc, Alibaba said.Tmall.com, ETaoSpelich said Alibaba plans to make further submissions to the US government later this year, after its exchanges with industry groups.In June 2011, Alibaba reorganized Taobao into three divisions. The online shopping unit now comprises Taobao Marketplace, which lets sellers list products for free; Tmall.com, where fees are charged, and ETao, an online-shopping oriented search-engine.Alibaba targets to increase the value of transactions on Taobao to 1 trillion yuan ($159 billion) this year, founder Jack Ma said in September. In 2010, Taobao had about 400 billion yuan of transactions, Alibaba said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710526", "title": "Vibrant Gujarat just a myth, says Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: With an eye on the Gujarat assembly election due at the end of the year, Congress is preparing to chip away at chief minister Narendra Modi's development plank by challenging the \"vibrant Gujarat\" slogan.Congress on Tuesday attacked the CM's style of governance and his development model, saying Modi's slogans lacked substance. \"The entire concept of vibrant Gujarat is nothing but a very big myth,\" AICC spokesman Manish Tewari told TOI. He added that the myth needed to be discarded in the interest of the people of Gujarat.Slamming the BJP government in the state, Congress said the truth was far from what was being claimed on human development indices, growth and even inflow of FDI in the state. \"The focus will be on exposing the truth,\" Tewari said.Congress's state unit is reworking its strategy, attacking Modi's development claims instead of concentrating on slamming him for the 2002 communal riots. Congress's new game plan saw leader of opposition in Gujarat Shaktisinh Gohil's pointing to a CAG report that criticized Gujarat government for bad management and corruption in internal security.\"Before giving any advice to the central government, the CM should do self-assessment of his behavior with IPS officers in the state. Everyone knows that how the CM has demoralized the state police for his own self interest,\" Gohil said.He added, \"The CM, who has malafide intentions to weaken internal democracy of the state, provides an easy way for terrorists to enter the country and to make his vote bank strong, and has no right to criticize the central government.\"Congress has also taken up alleged irregularities in land allotment along with questioning Modi government on alleged financial irregularities. \"CAG has slammed the Narendra Modi government in Gujarat and detected massive financial irregularities and scandals crossing over Rs 16,706.99 crore in its,\" Gohil told the media in Gujarat.Anxious to regain lost ground, the Congress state unit plans to hit the BJP government for not delivering on economic and development fronts. It began thinking in this direction after Supreme Court appointed Special Investigative Team (SIT) exonerated the CM.The opposition party in Gujarat, Congress is out of power in the state since 1995. The party, which has been blaming Modi and BJP for the 2002 communal riots in Gujarat, now wants to draw people's attention to the economic and development bottlenecks problems in the state as part of its election campaign strategy. There is feeling that attacking the Gujarat CM on communal lines may turn out to be advantageous for BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12712620", "title": "Sibling of slain man doubts ghat discovery", "text": "Hanish Kakkar and his mother Rita, who are living on the 22nd floor of Oberoi Springs, near Andheri Link Road, are anxious and puzzled. They came to Mumbai on March 9 and began living in the flat in which Hanish's brother, aspiring film producer Karankumar Kakkar, had been living in till his disappearance on March 5. Hanish and Rita say they cannot understand how prime accused Vijay Palande can say that he and his accomplice Dhananjay Shinde came to this very same flat on March 5, spiked Kakkar's drink, killedKakkar with a chopper and then chopped his body into pieces in the bathroom. There found no signs of a struggle, damage to the walls or floor, or even bloodstains, they told TOI. Hanish and Rita lived in the flat till March 27, when they returned to Delhi. They returned last week after Palande was arrested in the Arun Tikku murder case. The skull the police recovered on Monday at Kumbharli ghat, Ratnagiri district, may not be that of Kakkar, said Hanish, who accompanied the police to the spot. He said the skull was too small to be Kakkar's. The Kakkars believe that Palande is lying to the police. They are waiting for the Kalina forensic laboratory's report on the body parts found in Ratnagiri. A forensic exam will also be done on Kakkar's BMW , which was reportedly used to transport the body. On Monday, forensic experts also visited the Kakkars' flat at Oberoi Springs and collected samples. Hanish said, \"We will continue our search for my missing brother till the DNA reports come.\"The police also took Palande to Ratnagiri on Monday and Hanish claimed that Palande misled the police the entire day. Officers then used \"police tactics \" to make Palande show them the area where the body parts were found. Hanish said the parts may belong to some other person.Hanish said, \"We entered this house on March 9, but didn't notice anything suggesting that my brother was killed here. If someone kills and cuts a man up with a chopper in a house, then there should be signs of a struggle and marks on the wall or surface. We examined the house closely, but didn't find anything.\" Rita had lived in the house with Karan before his disappearance and left for Delhi only a few months ago when her daughter-in-law delivered a baby. She was well aware of the belongings in the house. Speaking about her return after Kakkar's disappearance, she said, \"In the cupboard, clothes were disturbed, suggesting that someone had searched it thoroughly. My son's expensive clothes were missing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12715999", "title": "Govt plan for PHCs", "text": "RANCHI: The state health department has finalized a plan to hand over primary health centres (PHCs) and additional health centres (AHCs) in blocks and panchayats to select corporate houses and non-government organizations in a phased manner.State director of the National Rural Health Mission ( NRHM), Aradhna Patnaik, said the department has prepared a report and will place it before the state cabinet for clearance. \"In the first phase we plan to hand over the newly-constructed centres on a trial basis,\" said Patnaik, adding that the centres are ready and any organization, which will take it up can start functioning by deputing doctors, para-medical staff and installing basic equipment.Depending on the outcome, other centres will also be offered to private parties on a public-private partnership (PPP) mode. \"Our objective is to provide the best healthcare facility in remotes places, especially in areas of reproductive and child healthcare. We expect the participation of private and dedicated partiers to make this a reality,\" said Patnaik.Once the health centres start functioning smoothly, the department will initiate a move to set up diagnostic facilities in remote villages and semi-urban areas with the help of private partners. \"We are also working on a proposal to revamp the mobile medical units that are functioning in the state but have failed to meet the expectation of the people and also the department,\" she added.Talking about the poor response towards non-scalpel vasectomy, she said in the next year the department will pay special attention to this area. \"Till date family planning projects mainly focus on women. In the next one year, we will focus on men and spread awareness about the benefits of non-scalpel vasectomy,\" said Patnaik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12718164", "title": "Keep that camera away when flying", "text": "MUMBAI: If you are the sort of person who likes taking photographs when flying, like clicking the picture of a parked aircraft, zooming in on a snazzy shot in the airport cafeteriate or shooting those dark clouds from your window seat, then be warned. There is a rule against taking photographs and the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has recently issued a circular asking airlines to ensure that the rule on photography and that on cockpit entry is followed.Both these norms have been in existence for years now, but because of some recent instances of violaton the aviation regulator issued a circular to reiterate the norms. The DGCA circular, dated April 13 said: ``The flight crew of a scheduled airline had permitted entry of unauthorized persons in the cockpit in violation of Aeronautical Information Circular 3 of 1997 issued by DGCA. In another instance, individuals have been found indulging in taking photographs from the aircraft in flight and at airports including defence airfield, thereby violating the provisions of Rule 13 of the Aircraft Rules, 1937,'' said the circular. ``It may be stated that permission in this regard rests with the DGCA. In view of the above, all the airlines are directed to bring to the notice of their personnel the provisions of Aeronautical Information Circular 3 of 1997 and Rule 13 of the Aircraft Rules, 1937,'' it added.\"Action will be taken against the defaulting airline/individual for violating the provisions of the Aeronautical Information Circular 3 of 1997 and Rule 13, which is punishable under the provisions of Schedule VI to the Aircraft Rules, 1937,\" the circular said.\"With regards to entry in the cockpit, the norms are stringent and most pilots are disclipined in this regard and do not allow unauthorised people in this sensitive zone,'' said a senior commander. A few decades ago, it was a common practise among pilots to invite their friends, relatives into the cockpit, even when the aircraft was airborne. After 9/11 strict security norms were introduced by airlines and aviation regulators, with guidelines on cockpit entry/exit for pilots and a complete ban on entry into the cockpit for those not authorised to do so. But even before these security norms were in place, there were flight safety norms that disallowed free entry into the cockpit.The flight-safety norms were introduced following the crash of Aeroflot flight 593 in 1994. The Airbus A310 aircraft flying from Sheremetyevo to Hong Kong with 75 people on board crashed into a hillside enroute. Investigations revealed that the pilot's daughter and son, both teenagers, were in the cockpit at the time of the crash. The airline pilot had allowed his daughter and then his son to sit at the controls, which was a violation of flight safety regulations. Investigations revealed that the aircraft was on autopilot when the children entered the cockpit. But the commander's son applied force to the control column, which in turn had the flight computer switch aileron control from autopilot to manual control. Ailerons control the banking movement of the aircraft and with the aileron in manual position, the aircraft banked right, with the pilots not aware of the change. It led to a series of other unplanned changes in the flight path and in minutes the aircraft crashed onto a hillside. Following the crash, the airline industry changed its outlook and cockpit entry by outsiders was discouraged and later banned.\"Disciplined pilots do not invite their kids, relatives, friends into the cockpit. But once in a while, one hears instances wherein the safety-norms were violated by some commander. The DGCA must have learnt about some such instance and so must have re-issued the circular,'' said the commander.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12712026", "title": "Nagpur Improvement Trust sanctions over 100 layouts in metro region", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though Halcrow India Ltd, the consultant appointed by Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) for preparing the development plan of Nagpur metro region, will take another year to do it, NIT has sanctioned over 100 layouts in the metro region. According to NIT officials, the sanction has been given as per norms finalized by it after it was made the special planning authority for the region. Another 25 layouts are awaiting signature of chairman Pravin Darade, who is on leave.Most of the layouts have come up in the stretch joining Wardha Road to Umred Road and Wardha Road to Amravati Road. Very few layout proposals have been submitted in other stretches.A senior official said that developer has two options for getting his layout sanctioned. The first is to construct roads, lay water pipelines and sewage lines and other amenities as specified by NIT. The second is to deposit money with NIT, which would develop these amenities.The official said that as of now there was no integrated sewage system and hence the developer will have to construct a septic tank. In cases of big layouts a small sewage treatment plant will have to be built. \"The residents of the layouts will have to depend on groundwater till we get water from Maharashtra Jeevan Pradhikaran (MJP). We have deposited some money with MJP for reserving water.\"The official further said that NIT will charge the developers some money for interconnecting the water and sewer lines of different layouts.A person desirous of developing a layout has to first get a town planning permission from NIT. Then he will have to obtain non-agricultural (NA) clearance from district collector. Once the layout is developed by the promoter, the plot owners will be given release letters by NIT. If any person wishes to construct a house on his plot then a building permission would be required.Turning to the development plan, the official said that it would take another fifteen months for Halcrow to prepare the plan. It will then be put up before NIT board of directors. Once the board clears it with modifications, if any, it will be sent to Nagpur Metropolitan Area Planning Committee (NMAPC). The plan will then be sent to urban development minister for final sanction. NMAPC comprises corporators, ZP members and MLAs coming under the metro region. NIT estimates that the entire process will be completed within three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12716062", "title": "Sanjjanaa having a blast in LA", "text": "Actress Sanjjanaa is having a blast shooting for Yama Ho Yama in Los Angeles . The cast and crew of the movie are shooting by the Venice beach and the Bangalore based actress is all gung ho about it. \"The weather is perfect and the Venice beach is just mind blowing, everything around here is picture perfect. We are having a ball shooting for the movie. It is turning out very well. I am loving it out here,\" says Sanjjanaa. Sai Ram Shankar and Parvati Melton are playing the lead roles in the movie, billed as a socio fantasy. Sri Hari is playing the role of the Lord of Death, Yama in the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12712012", "title": "Water department turns blind eye to colossal waste at Master Balance Reservoir!", "text": "NAGPUR: Manoj Brahme, a resident of Nara, uses water judiciously as he has to purchase water by shelling out Rs 400 for a 5,000-litre tanker. Come summer, like Brahme, many residents from North and East Nagpur keep aside a part of their budget for purchasing water. But, the water works department of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is turning a blind eye to colossal waste of water at the Master Balance Reservoir (MBR) at Seminary Hills.Even as Brahme and thousands of other residents from North and East Nagpur face acute water scarcity, the water works department (WWD) has failed to repair the MBR at Seminary Hills despite several complaints. The leak at this 30-year-old MBR is resulting in loss of several thousand gallons of water every day.In 2011, TOI had reported on colossal waste of water at the MBR. But the situation has not changed even after one year. Recently, a TOI team walked along the entire stretch of the water pipeline that goes toward SFS College premises and found several leaks along the way. A large quantity of water was gushing out and flowing down the hill. This stream of potable water later joins a nullah near Police Gymkhana in Civil Lines. The hydrant from which tankers fill water at MBR too results in huge loss of water.The callous waste of the precious resource does not reflect well on the NMC, which is contemplating closing off all water supply for a day every week. Also, some areas of the city are already facing a severe water crisis, pointed out green activist and a resident of Seminary Hills Shrikant Deshpande.He pointed out that water is leaking from the Seminary Hills overhead water tank since last one-and-a-half years. Despite complaints, officials from water works department have not attended to the leaks, he rued.Deshpande said, \"The authorities must repair the leaks at the earliest and ensure that residents get sufficient water round the year.\"Scores of people, who pay tax regularly, have been complaining that their supply of piped water has gone down substantially in recent times.Moreover, the civic body has already privatized the water supply scheme of the city and so it is the job of the new firm to plug leaks. But so far the company has failed to check any major leakages. While residents fight to save and gather every drop of water, the contractor should not overlook such a major loss.A senior official from WWD admitted that water is leaking from MBR since last many years. He said that the pipeline is actually very old and requires replacement. Can the WWD afford wastage of water in this precarious situation is the moot point.Standing panel chief missing !To solve the water crisis, which is haunting residents of North Nagpur, the standing committee chief Dayashankar Tiwari convened a meeting of all 12 corporators along with officials of WWD and Veolia Company at Asi Nagar zone office. However, Tiwari himself skipped the meet as he had to attend another conference in Civil Lines. This has left the corporators of North Nagpur miffed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12711999", "title": "Spurned, Class X boy sets classmate on fire", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A class X boy allegedly set his classmate on fire at her house in Murtazpur village of Kurukshetra on Tuesday afternoon when she rebuffed his advances. The victim was rushed to a private hospital with more than 55% burns.Acting on the girl's statement, police have started investigations after registering a case of attempt to murder against the boy, who is a minor.Sources said the incident took place in the afternoon when the girl's mother was away to Nilokherhi and she was alone at home. In her statement to duty magistrate, the 14-year-old victim said the accused forced his way into her house.When he tried to force himself on her, she raised the alarm. Apparently infuriated by this, he set her afire after dousing her with kerosene. The villagers rushed to her house on hearing her cries, but the accused managed to escape.The condition of the girl is stated to be critical and she has been referred to civil hospital for treatment. Officials in Pehowa said the accused has gone into hiding and police are conducting raids to find him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12711813", "title": "Speeding car kills 75-year-old pedestrian at Ponda", "text": "PONDA: A 75-year-old resident of Sivanagar-Ponda, Yaseen Mohammad Shaikh, was knocked down to death by a speeding car at Nirankal road in Ponda late on Monday.The car driver was arrested and released on bail. Police said that Shaikh was walking along the road near Rajiv Kala Mandir on Monday night, when a speeding car knocked him down. He sustained severe injuries and was rushed to the Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, for treatment where he succumbed to his injuries.Police registered the case under Sections 304 A (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), 338 (hurting a person seriously) and 279 (rash and negligent driving) of the Indian Penal Code against the car driver on Tuesday.The driver, Mohammad Abdul Sadique, 26, a resident of Haveli-Curti in Ponda was arrested in connection with the accident and later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12715866", "title": "Boman and his son to appear in Karan Johar's film", "text": "Actor Boman Irani is set to make a special appearance in Karan Johar's 'Student Of The Year' (SOTY) most likely with his son, Kayoze.Directed by Karan Johar , Student Of The Year , is a romantic comedy which marks the debut of three actors -- Alia Bhatt, daughter of filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt, Varun Dhawan, younger son of David Dhawan and newcomer Siddharth Malhotra.The film will have one more star kid Kayoze, son of Boman Irani. Kayoze's role in the film hasn't been disclosed yet.\"In Bangkok for a sp appearance in SOTY. Might just share screen space with my son @kayoze for the 1st time. Hope the blighter is nervous! (sic),\" Boman wrote on twitter.Kayoze, who started off as an assistant director for the recently released Kareena and Imran Khan starrer 'Ek Main Aur Ek Tu', has been signed for SOTY, which is currently on floors.\"Learning my lines in the car yesterday. May have seemed I was talking to myself. Overheard a guy on scooter say 'lagta hai mamu ka hat gaya',\" Boman said.\"My confidence is a result of conquering nervousness everyday! If I am gung ho before I give my 1st shot, then something is wrong!,\" he said.'Student Of The Year', produced by Johar and Shah Rukh Khan under the banner of Dharma Productions and Red Chillies Entertainment, is slated to release by mid 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12712852", "title": "Bhujbal says CAG has no right to comment on govt\u2019s policy", "text": "NCP leader and PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal on Tuesday created a flutter in political circles by question the authority of the comptroller and auditor general (CAG) to comment on the state government's policies.\"CAG is suppose to conduct an audit of government accounts and not scrutinize the government's basic policies such as the allotment of land for public purpose,\" Bhujbal said immediately after CAG's much-awaited report was tabled in the legislative assembly on Tuesday.Invoking the legislative rule to offer personal explanations, Bhujbal said, \"The job of CAG is to conduct financial audits. It is strange that CAG has questioned government policy of allocating land to educational institutions. Land is given by the state government to help set up schools and colleges. Since 1975, nearly 3,160 educational institutions have been given land by the government for academic work. Why single out MET?\" Bhujbal's MET ( Mumbai Educational Trust) figures in the report, which has indicted several educational institutes managed by ministers of the ruling Democratic Front for violation of rules. \"There seems to be some kind of a conspiracy to malign some political leaders in the state. There should be a proper inquiry into this following CAG's strictures,\" Bhujbal said.Industries and ports minister Narayan Rane, whose institute, too, has been named in the report, said in his personal explanation to the assembly, \"A prominent leader from the opposition recently leaked the CAG report. CDs of the report were distributed to media persons. In the CDs, they have taken the names of several DF ministers, but in actual the report has not mentioned anyone's name. There is definitely a plot to malign DF ministers.\" Rane sought assembly speaker Dilip Walse-Patil's permission to move a privilege motion against two Mumbai dailies and two TV news channels for running stories based on the CDs.Non-recovery of land allotted to Simplex MillsTHE GOVERNMENT FAILED TO RECOVER PRIME PLOT IN SOUTH MUMBAI, 29 YEARS AFTER THE LEASE EXPIRED Land in Byculla was allotted to Simplex Mills at an annual lease rent Rs 48.13 for a period of 99 years Area of land | 7,836 sq m The lease expired in April 1983, but to date, the government has not recovered the land. The lease holder in 2004 got the development plan approved from the BMC and started development work without taking prior permission from the collector In 2006, the collector granted the permission on the condition that the rent would be regularized based on the lease renewal policy, which is currently being formulated by the government The plot is still with the lessee, who has not paid any rent since the contract expired, says the report.Violations in other departmentsHOME DEPARTMENT:The CAG has questioned the procurement of 82 bomb suits from M/s Techno Trade Impex India Pvt Ltd. The home department made a full payment of Rs 6.22 crore before taking delivery of the suits. The supplier has still not delivered the consignment though the deadline for delivery was two months. The department did not take any action against the supplier. The ACB was probing the case in 2011, and TOI was the first to report it. The CAG has noted a case of unused funds to the tune of Rs 3 cr.SLUM REHABILITATION AUTHORITY:No norms stipulating quality checks for SRA buildings. Developer was granted excess transfer of development rights in Mumbai International Airport Slum Rehabilitation project. No data of slum dwellers who were allotted tenements in several schemes for 2010-211. There is no survey on the number of slums in the city. Dharavi redevelopment scheme failed to take off.PUBLIC WORKS:The insurance charges of various tender work rates were hiked thereby resulting in extra payment to contractors Needless rebidding of contract works resulted in a Rs 3.47 cr loss . Allotment of work to a contractor other than the lowest tender resulted in extra cost of Rs 1.19 cr.Rs1.76cr lost in entertainment dutyThe state government had to face a revenue loss of Rs 1.76 crore due to non-recovery of entertainment duty (ED) from cable operators. CAG has stated this in its report for 2010-11, holding entertainment duty officers responsible. \"( They) did not take any action for the recovery of ED from cable operators,\" the report said. CAG has slammed the deputy collector (ED; island city) for not having a proper system in place to collect the duty. \"The control mechanism was weak. Action was initiated only after CAG officials pointed out the lacuna in the system,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12713100", "title": "Akshay Kumar turns Prabhu Deva into Alfred Hitchcock!", "text": "Actor Akshay Kumar has turned Parbhu Deva into Alfred Hitchcock, or so it seems.If sources are to be believed, it is at Akki's insistence that Prabhu Deva agreed to make a special appearance in his own directorial venture, 'Rowdy Rathore'.Prabhu Deva will now be seen shaking a leg in the title song of the film, along with Akshay Kumar. Apparently, even Akshay Kumar who is as fit as a fiddle, and known for his dancing feet had a tough time executing the steps choreographed by Prabhu Deva.After much practice, the actor got it right. Apparently, Salman, too, faced some hard time getting Prabhu Deva's steps right in 'Wanted'.Anyway, with the director didn't want to make an appearance in his own film, until he was forced to by Akshay Kumar, and if he's happy with the job, he may just doff that hat once in a while in his future endeavours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12710056", "title": "Dos and don\u2019ts for Haj pilgrims", "text": "MUMBAI: The Haj Committee of India (HCOI), the nodal agency for travel of Indian pilgrims to Mecca and back, has trained over two dozen individuals who will guide other trainers in the districts across the country.Called \"master trainers\", these individuals have been told to disseminate the necessary dos and don'ts during the Haj which will be performed this year between October 23 and 28. The last date for submission of Haj applications is April 25. Around 1.72 lakh pilgrims from India perform the Haj every year, out of which 1.25 lakh go though the HCOI while the rest travel through private tour operators.With the help of slides, consul-general of India in Jeddah Faiz Ahmad Kidwai explained the precautions pilgrims must take during the Haj. Among the suggestions that Kidwai wanted trainers to propagate among the pilgrims is not to get very emotional. \"Don't be very emotional when you reach Haram Sharief (the premises in Mecca which houses the holy Kaaba and the mosque). There have been cases when many pilgrims start crying,\" said Kidwai. Kidwai said proper training must be imparted to the pilgrims to avoid theft, loss of baggage, road accidents and stampedes. While performing many rituals of the Haj, many pilgrims flout the rules of Saudi Arabia. One of them is that no one should pick up any unclaimed object.The Saudi police deem it unlawful and may prosecute the violators. \"There are three Indian Hajis languishing in Saudi prison for violating rules. One of them had committed a minor offence and we are trying to get them released. So tell the pilgrims not to indulge in any unlawful activities as every activity is being recorded on CCTV cameras,\" said Kidwai.Dr Shakir Hussain, HCOI CEO, said that guide books would be made available to every pilgrim and helplines would be available to them at every step during the Haj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12711361", "title": "Mormugao Port Trust welcomes new generation cruise ships", "text": "The Mormugao Port Trust (MPT), having shown new pathways to receive a higher number of foreign tourists to Goa, started receiving new generation cruise ships. MPT chairman P Mara Pandiyan said that in the current financial year, the MPT received the third largest ship 'Brilliance of the seas' which docked at the Mormugao port on April 13, carrying 1,645 passengers, in addition to 873 crews. The chairman considers this to be one of the longest ships with an overall length of 294m. MPT made the arrangements after a discussion with the tour operators to ensure their travel/stay in Goa is comfortable.Pandiyan further stated that the MPT received its third ship in April 2012 and is expected to receive three more ships- bringing the total to six- during this month. The port is making efforts to attract more foreign passengers to boost tourism in Goa.Majorda hotel room burgled: Unknown accused effected entry into the room of Tree House Blue Hotel at Curilowado, Majorda, on the night of April 16 and stole goods worth 90,000, police sources said. The occupant of the room, Pifran Fernandes, lodged a complaint with the Colva police stating that the accused effected entry into his room through the rear, sliding glass window. Colva police have booked an offence against unknown accused. Further investigations are under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12711836", "title": "No mixing religion and politics please, orders state election commission", "text": "PANAJI: The state election commission (SEC) on Tuesday notified the model code of conduct with do's and don'ts for the panchayat elections. SEC has said that temples, mosques, churches or any other place of worship will not be allowed to be used for election propaganda of any kind for panchayat elections.SEC has directed the excise department to declare and notify dry days as per rules in force, including a ban on carrying of liquor by individuals and groups even in smaller quantities to enforce the ban on sale of liquor and intoxicants before the day of the poll, on the day of poll and also on the day of counting votes.The SEC has directed the government not to declare any new programme, new scheme, new benefits or initiate new public works of any nature in the area where the election process is announced.\"Once the code of conduct comes into force, no fresh announcement of government schemes for giving any benefit to the voters of the village panchayats/municipalities is to be made,\" said M Modassir, state election commissioner.SEC also said that police officers of any level in the area where elections are being held, should not be transferred from the date of announcement of election programme until the date of completion of the elections. SEC has also stated that there shall be no bar for the release of payments for completed works subjected to the full satisfaction of the concerned officials. 'Commission does not refuse approval schemes/works undertaken for tackling emergencies or unforeseen calamities, natural calamities etc. However, prior approval of the commission should be taken,' the notification stated.SEC also said that once the code is enforced, no recruitments/new appointments can be made for any posts in the village panchayats till the end of the election process. \"The posts, which are essential where time bound recruitment is in public interest, like recruitment in colleges will be allowed to be filled with prior approval of the commission,\" said Modassir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "krishna nagar", "code": "12715109", "title": "Rs 7L goes down the drain as MC leaves project midway", "text": "Krishna Nagar: The residents of Krishna Nagar are waiting for completion of the storm sewerage project in their area that has stopped midway owing to political pressures created by a few people. The project, which aimed to solve the problem of waterlogging in the area, is almost complete, but the MC is yet to connect the area pipes with the main storm sewerage line.The MC authorities had initiated this project around a month back and Rs 7 lakh have already been spent on it. Sources revealed that the work was stopped due to political interference but officials prefer to remain tight-lipped over the issue. Sources added that a tussle between the area councillor and some BJP leaders, could be the reason for halting the project.Kamla Narang, a homemaker, said, \"If MC does not complete this project, we are sure to face a tough time in monsoon. When they have almost laid down the sewerage pipes, then why delay in providing it connectivity?\" She adds, \"The authorities should deal strictly with political leaders so that residents are not made to suffer.\"Condemning the civic authorities, a businessman and area resident, Kulwant Wassra, said, \"We were finding it difficult to pass through this road for almost a month because of ongoing sewerage laying work and its disheartening to know that the officials have left the work midway.\"A student and area resident, Naina Chopra, said, \"Officials are doing injustice with the people residing in the colony under political pressure, clearly ignoring the fact that it would also result in loss of public money.\"Additional commissioner (technical) of operation and maintenance cell, Manjit Singh, said, \"There is some dispute on the site, therefore, we had stopped the work midway.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12714695", "title": "Repo rate cut gives wing to residents' house dreams", "text": "LUDHIANA: With loans all set to get cheaper with the cut in repo rate by the Reserve Bank of India, the residents who had been deterred by the high rate of interest in buying houses are hailing the move.The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) cut some key rates by 50 basic points on Tuesday, with a view to push the industrial growth and stimulate economy. This move is also expected to bring down the interest rates on housing, automobile and commercial loans as well.\"The reduced rates have come as a blessing in disguise for people like us who are working and cannot afford a house in present day without taking a loan. This is indeed a good move by RBI and such things should be done for the public to help them fulfil their dreams,\" Rakesh, 32, a resident of Model Town, who is working as a manager in a private company, said.Sarita Sharma, 40, a homemaker and resident of Dugri, Phase II, also hailed the decision and said, \"Government needs to do something for bringing down the sky rocketing prices of the houses and lands so that the common man can afford his own house, which has become a distant dream these days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12716165", "title": "Death triggers tension at hospital", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Tension erupted in Capital Hospital in Bhubaneswar on Tuesday after a woman died a day after delivery in the hospital. Hospital sources said Mamata Swain, a resident of Nirgundi village under Gopa police station in Puri district, died on Tuesday morning, a day after she delivered a baby boy through Caesarean-Section.Family members of the deceased created a ruckus in the hospital, alleging negligence. \"She was fine the entire night after surgery. But the hospital staff did not extend proper post-operative care, resulting in her death,\" said her husband Kalindi.Mamata was admitted to the hospital on Monday morning. She underwent a Caesarean-Section surgery for pregnancy related complications within hours and was recuperating in the obstetrics and gynaecology ward. The hospital had shifted her to the intensive care unit (ICU) after her condition deteriorated in the morning.Hospital's CMO Dr Sudarshan Das said the matter will be investigated. \"I can't say at this stage what went wrong. We will investigate if there was any negligence on the part of the doctor or the paramedical staff attending to her. Action will be initiated if any deficiency is found,\" Das said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12711891", "title": "Food and Drugs Administration seizes expired medicines", "text": "AKOLA: The officials of Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) here seized outdated medicines from a medical shop at OZON super-speciality hospital here and sent them for laboratory analysis on Sunday.The raid was conducted following a complaint filed by Ajay Chincholkar of Khirpuri village whose close relative was admitted to the hospital from April 1 to 12. Ajay purchased injections, prescribed by the doctor, from the shop. Of the three injections, one had expired in October 2011 while the other in March 2011. He then complained to the manager who ignored it completely, following which he approached the FDA officials and filed a complaint.Dr Vinit Hingankar, director of OZON hospital, said that the complainant did not have a receipt of the purchase so he cannot prove that the medicines were purchased from the shop in the hospital.The FDA team was led by Manish Chaudhri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12715379", "title": "It\u2019s Vettrimaran and Dhanush again!", "text": "Finally, the official news is out! Yes, Vada Chennai, which was to have Simbu in the lead, has been shelved, said its producer Dayanidhi Alagiri of Cloud Nine Movies. Due to unavoidable circumstances this project cannot take off now.However, Dayanidhi intends to use Vettrimaran's dates and Dhanush will once again team up with the director. Dayanidhi said that GV Prakash will score the music for this film with Velraj wielding the camera.The details about the film's shooting and other cast and crew will be announced shortly, it is expected.It may be noted that Vettrimaran and Dhanush had given the hit film Aadukalam which also went on to win six National Awards including the Best Director and Best Actor awards.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12709871", "title": "Conductor refuses to issue ticket to woman without co-passenger", "text": "CHENNAI: A woman NGO volunteer was forced to find another woman co-passenger to travel in an SETC bus from Koyambedu to Tirunelveli. The conductor of the bus said the ticket cannot be issued to the woman as the seat next to her would lie vacant if another woman passenger does not come. Men are not allowed to occupy seats next to women, he said. After waiting for more than an hour, the woman managed to get a girl to travel with her.The volunteer, Menaka (name changed), was travelling to her native place near Tirunelveli on Sunday last. She decided to take either an omni bus or a government-run state express transport corporation (SETC) bus from Chennai Moffusil Bus Terminus (CMBT). When she occupied a seat on an SETC bus, the conductor asked her to wait until she found another woman to occupy the adjacent seat.\"I was shocked when I heard this. I was in a hurry to get to Tirunelveli. I waited at the bus terminus for more than an hour before I could find another woman passenger, who travelled till Madurai. Then, I got my seat confirmed,\" Menaka told TOI.SETC managing director, G Mohan, said if she had approached the staff at SETC depot, they would have helped her. He said: \"It is a very serious issue. If the woman lodges a complaint with us, we will try to find the conductor and resolve the issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12711462", "title": "Rs 25L fine on Gujarat govt for intercepting 'beef' containers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court has slapped a penalty of Rs 25 lakh on the Gujarat government for intercepting meat containers on NH 8 and registering complaints against the exporters for violating the Gujarat Animal Preservation (Amendment) Act 2011, which prevents transportation of cow.The exporters have, in a petition, told SC the meat was being transported from north India to a Mumbai port. In one such case, a division bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and Surinder Singh Nijjar pulled up the Gujarat government on Monday and imposed a huge fine for illegally intercepting the export consignments.The apex court also slapped a penalty of an equal amount on the petitioner. SC imposed the fine after Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL) opined the meat was that of buffalos and not of cow progeny, contrary to claims of the Gujarat government.The meat containers belonging to Royal Exports and Al Quresh Exports were intercepted in Valsad district in February under guidance of animal rights activists and a complaint was lodged at Vapi police station. The exporters approached Gujarat high court immediately. HC sought explanation from the state government, and ordered it not to destroy the meat and send samples to CFSL for testing.However, before HC could reach any conclusion in these cases, animal rights activist Rajesh Shah and the state government moved the apex court against the HC stay.SC ordered a fresh test of the meat samples and they were sent to FSL, Hyderabad. However, since there is no facility for this purpose available there, new samples were collected and sent to CFSL, Delhi, which functions under CBI.The laboratory reports proved that it was buffalo meat and not of cow, as earlier claimed by the exporter. SC came down heavily on the Gujarat government for plunging into the issue wrongfully taken up by animal rights activists and fined them both.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12714258", "title": "German may be taught at all city KVs from this year", "text": "BHOPAL: German may be taught at all the Kendriya Vidyalayas (KVs) of the city from this academic session. However, it depends on the availability of trained teachers to expand the language to other central schools. Currently, this foreign language is being taught at two KVs in the city.Puneet Kaur, language training officer, Max Mueller Bhavan, New Delhi, reviewed the situation at KV No 1, Maida Mills and the Kendriya Vidyalaya at Bairagarh, where German is taught currently.Talking to TOI, she said, \"German was introduced last year in Classes VI, VII and VIII. At KV No 1 alone, there are around 180 students who are learning the language course. There is a high interest among the students for German. The course may be introduced in other KVs this year.\"Deputy commissioner of KV Sangathan, Bhopal region, HK Sanhotra, said, \"The language may be introduced this year only if there are enough qualified teachers.\"Kaur said, \"There is no lack of interest among students. Earlier, students used to take up a foreign language in higher classes or in colleges, but these days, the children start it earlier as there is much strain in the higher classes.\"She also said that while French was the preferred language traditionally, these days students, who wish to pursue technical careers, opt for German language.Laxmi Sharan Mishra, library manager at Swami Vivekanand Library, agreed this view.\"Currently our batch of German class has 35 students. Fresh batches are expected to start from mid-July mostly catering to engineering students going to study abroad.\"\"The CBSE syllabus has been designed in such a way that it is fun and interactive. Children have often given us a feedback that after a grueling Math class, German is rather refreshing. All we need to do is ensure that trained teachers are provided to cater to the school students,\" Kaur said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12711184", "title": "Keshubhai plays community card", "text": "AHMEDABAD: \"Don't be a mute spectator to injustice.\" This was the piece of advice that the grand old man of Gujarat BJP and veteran Patel leader Keshubhai Patel gave his politically influential Leuva Patels on Tuesday. It was second time in two months that Keshubhai has exhorted his community to wake up and fight \"injustice.\"Barely two days after empty chairs greeted chief minister Narendra Modi at a function organized by a group of Leuva Patels in Surat, Keshubhai gave a clarion call to his community that it is high time to show detractors that \"might is right\", that too addressing a nearly 60,000-strong crowd.\"Till when will Patels live in fear? Why should we tolerate injustice to our community?,\" Patel said, addressing the gathering at Jamkandorna where he attended a mass marriages function on Tuesday.\"There are 1.10 crore Leuva Patels and its high time you realize your might. Hand holding is enough now\" he said.Keshubhai also praised Congress MP Vitthal Radadia saying that he was doing a yeoman's service to the Patel community. \"We need leaders like him,\" he said.Jodiya Congress MLA Raghavji Patel likened Keshubhai to Bhisma Pitamah and said that time has come for him to don the role of Krishna.In January too, Keshubhai had told 9 lakh Leuvas at a massive congregation at Khodaldham near Rajkot, \"Mahatma Gandhi told us that if someone slaps you, be ready for another slap. Even I agree, but when you are right and someone slaps you, give back two slaps.\"On Monday, Keshubhai even met several BJP men, including some MLAs and party office bearers, in Sodhvadi village of Junagadh district. \"If you can't speak out, quit your positions or find out some way,\" he is reported to have told them.Meanwhile, a secret meeting between MahaGujarat Janta Party president Gordhan Zadaphia, Keshubhai and Naresh Patel, the organizer of Leuva Patel meet at Khodaldham, was also held on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12711985", "title": "Traders make suggestion for Nagpur Municipal Corporation budget", "text": "NAGPUR: The civic body should replace its single entry system with double entry system while maintaining property tax records. It will not only help Nagpur Municipal Corporation to assess property tax dues but will also increase its revenue, advised traders' bodies while giving suggestions to the standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari who is all set to present the civic body's 2012-13 budget soon.Apart from this, NMC should also concentrate on tourism sector as the city is a gateway to many tiger reserves, advised Nag Vidarbha Chamber of Commerce (NVCC) delegation in a meeting with the standing panel chief.A delegation of Vidarbha Taxpayers Association's (VTA) led by its president J P Sharma too pointed out in a memorandum submitted to the standing committee chief Tiwari and mayor Anil Sole that property tax assessment of buildings constructed in the last decade, especially in the suburbs, have not been carried out by NMC and tax collectors approach only regular taxpayers. \"Hence if comprehensive survey is done, property tax collection shall surely double,\" the memorandum stated.Octroi on new vehicles has doubled in recent past, due to which plenty of buyers have started registering their vehicles in rural RTO, thus resulting considerable loss to NMC exchequer; therefore after complete study appropriate correction is suggested by VTA.Plenty of city roads are dug up for cable under grounding, thereafter most commonly it is seen that the repairs are not done properly, hence VTA suggested that horizontal direction drillings (HDD) machines may be used and they are also less expensive as compared to open trenching.NVCC and VTA suggested the civic body to hand over the existing corporation schools, attended by very few students, to appropriate groups with control on fees structure. Similarly, NMC-run gardens, amusement parks, etc should be handed over to private entrepreneurs who can maintain them better after examining proper parking and other facilities.Quick decision on stalled construction work of malls, construction of multi-level parking, privatization of street lights, synchronizing of traffic lights and effective team for regular maintenance of roads, sewerage, drainage and street lights were also submitted.VTA also pointed out the problems faced by east residents arising out of garbage dumping in Bhandewadi and appealed to NMC to examine the situation and take appropriate steps for the same.Traffic congestions on Jai Stambh square near railway station was discussed and VTA specifically requested that complete study of its future traffic movement is required. Fearing that the day Ram Jhula is operational, there would be absolute chaos on this square.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12715320", "title": "Hockey squad for Olympics to hone skills at farm varsity", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Sports Authority of India (SAI) will organise a hockey camp for the Indian hockey squad for London Olympics, 2012, in the Olympian Pirthipal Hockey Stadium in Punjab Agricultural University here.District sports officer, Surjeet Singh, said that it would be a matter of pride for the state that the Olympics hockey squad would be practising in the country's only blue and pink astroturf stadium. \"About 50 hockey players would be attending the camp, to be held in the first week of May. A few days ago, a team of SAI had visited Ludhiana and checked the basic infrastructure of the stadium,\" Surjeet said. The blue and pink astroturf here resembles the turf at the London Olympics stadium and that's why the authorities had decided to hold the camp here, he added.\"In 1975, a hockey camp for the World Cup squad was organised in Punjab and at that time, the Indian team became the champions. The state would be hosting such a camp again and people hope that the Indian team would become champions again,\" Surjeet said.Playing on this turf would help the hockey squad become familiar with blue and pink turf, Surjeet said. When pointed out that renovations at the stadium are not yet complete, he replied that Punjab sports department and Punjab Mandi Board would complete the pending work well before the camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "12710578", "title": "Pupils attack professor, booked", "text": "MOHALI: A dozen-odd students of Chandigarh Group of Engineering College, Landran, on Tuesday attacked institute's professor Vinod Kumar, on the campus leaving him seriously injured. The injured professor has been admitted to Civil Hospital, Phase VI, in Mohali.The incident took place around 3.30pm when the professor was returning after taking class. The students were carrying both blunt and sharp-edged weapons and escaped from the spot after thrashing him badly.A case of attempt to murder was registered at Sohana police station. Police said five of the accused have been identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12710866", "title": "Two more arrested in communal violence cases", "text": "HYDERABAD: Special Investigation Team (SIT) sleuths have arrested two more persons in relation to the recent communal clashes in the city. Police have arrested Narender Yadav, a milk vendor for stone pelting in Saidabad, and one Sai Kiran for a similar offence in Kurmaguda. As of now, the SIT is probing 35 cases pertaining to recent communal riots in the city.In a separate development, two high court advocates have been arrested by the SIT sleuths in relation to mayhem on the high court premises in September 2010.In crime number 247/2010 of SIT police station, cases were booked against several advocates under Sections 186, 228, 153-A, 149 of the IPC and Sections 83 of the PDPP Act.Non-bailable warrants were also issued against them and two of them - Venkatesh and Thakur Rupa Singh - were arrested on Tuesday. They were produced before court. However, the court granted them bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710806", "title": "Kiran invites businessmen to invest in state", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on Tuesday urged industrialists to make Hyderabad their base for expansion of their business.Speaking at the annual general meeting and national conference of the CII on 'Getting Growth Back: Government - Industry Partnership' on Tuesday afternoon, the CM said that the state would ensure a pro-industry atmosphere and made a forceful plea to industry captains to set shop in the state. Assuring them of \"full cooperation and a very conducive atmosphere\" he said without the support of the industry, no growth was possible in the country.Meanwhile, AP Gas Distribution Corporation Limited (APGDC), a company jointly promoted by GAIL Gas Limited (GGL), and Andhra Pradesh Gas Infrastructure Corporation Private Limited (APGIC), on Tuesday signed a Project Framework Agreement (PFA) with GDF Suez LNG UK Ltd for setting up a joint Floating Storage and Regasification Unit (FSRU) in the offshore of Andhra Pradesh. The PFA was signed in the presence of Union petroleum minister S Jaipal Reddy and the chief minister here. Under the PFA, APGDC and GDF Suez shall jointly conduct a feasibility study and target commissioning of the FSRU project by the end of 2013. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12712987", "title": "Fee blow to colleges for failing to submit audited accounts", "text": "MUMBAI: Several professional colleges of Maharashtra which have not submitted their audited accounts to the Shikshan Shulka Samiti, the state's fee fixing body, will have to be happy with charging students the government subsidized fee.As many as 17 MBA colleges, 13 MCA colleges, five engineering institutes, 30 polytechnics, 12 colleges running the master's in engineering programme, 10 institutes offering the master's in pharmacy course, nine colleges running the BPharm course, 21 colleges running the diploma in pharmacy and 10 health science colleges, including ayurveda, physiotherapy and unani colleges have been asked to collect fees equivalent to that of a government college.The decision comes in the light of the fact that several colleges have stopped sending their annual accounts to the samiti to decide fees. So, MBA colleges like Padmashree Dr Vithalrao Vikhe Patil Foundation's lnstitute of Business Management &amp; Rural Development, Ahmednagar ; lnstitute of Science's Institute of Business Management &amp; Research, Pune; Dr D Y Patil institute of Engineering &amp; Technology, Pimpri; Vidyalankar lnstitute of Technology, Mumbai and many more can now collect Rs 74,000 annually from their students.Similarly, engineering institutes such as Deccan Education Society's Technical Institute, Pune; Vishweshwarayya College of Engineering, Latur; SWPM's V M lnstitute of Engineering and Technology, Nagpur and Shree Ramchandra College of Engineering, Haveli-Pune, will be allowed to charge Rs 47,500 a year from their students.\"The list is out for students to know that they must not pay a higher fee.Several colleges are not submitting their account books. They have been charging random fees that managements are deciding according to their will,\" said a samiti officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12711809", "title": "Should the panchayat elections be postponed in the view of the anomalies of delimitation?", "text": "I feel if the anomalies cannot be quickly rectified, the elections have to be postponed. The government ought to listen to the grievances of those fighting against the discrepancies in the delimitation. There is still time for the government to act on the problems faced by the villagers and rectify the same. And this cannot be done, the panchayat elections must be postponed.Joseph FernandesVideo editor, AssagaoI am personally not in favour of postponing the elections. The month of May is perfectly suitable for the elections and is very convenient. The wards are not completely different and the numbers affected by the delimitation dilemma are not significant enough to postpone the elections. Genuine cases should be looked into and addressed. However, it must be noted that these issues existed even when delimitation was introduced before.Sandeep HebleSports organizer, St InezYes , if we are asking for a fair election. The flaws have been brought to the notice of the director of panchayats. There should be enough time to correct the mistakes. If they go ahead with the elections, it will appear to be autocratic. People will be forced to vote for people in wards they do not originally belong to. There also needs to be some forum where the people can go to rectify these flaws. In most cases they don't even know where to go to. The correction needs to be done at the village level. The mistakes should probably be highlighted in all the local newspapers. The elections should be postponed by at least 15 days.Geraldine FernandesSocial activist, BenaulimThe villagers have a major role to play in the panchayat elections, as they are directly involved in electing their new representatives. Hence, I feel that the people's problems should be immediately solved. Once the villagers' grievances are addressed by the concerned authorities, only then would it be right for them to go ahead with the elections. Until then, holding of the elections should be kept in abeyance.Joseph PereiraService, Candolim", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12715255", "title": "Aadhi Bhagwan nearing the end", "text": "Aadhi Bhagwan will be wrapped up soon, said Jayam Ravi.The film has been in the making for a long time and underwent a lot of problems. Jayam Ravi sports a very different get-up for this film and hence he could not take up any other projects simultaneously.The star has now confirmed that Aadhi Bhagwan is nearing completion and he is in the last leg of shooting. Directed by Ameer, this film also stars Neetu Chandra and Sudha Chandran.Yuvan Shankar Raja has scored the music for Aadhi Bhagwan with lyrics penned by Snehan. The film is expected to be released in July or August this year.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12711478", "title": "Woman sets self ablaze after trivial fight with hubby", "text": "NAGPUR: A five month pregnant woman set herself ablaze in a fit of anger after her husband refused to have dinner at home. The couple, Rupali (25) and Subash Ghorpade had tied the knot just a year ago.In her dying declaration Rupali told the cops that committing suicide was her life's biggest mistake. \"She accepted it was an impulsive decision and regrets it now,\" said PSI B Patil from Nandanwan police station.On April 9, around 5.30pm, Subhash was leaving home when Rupali asked him to have meal with her. Subhash refused and said that he will have the food outside. This led to a minor argument between the couple. Subhash walked out of the house and in a fit of rage, Rupali poured kerosene on her and set her ablaze. Rupali's screams alerted Subhash and he ran to save her. By the time he reached, the whole room had caught fire.Subhash suffered 20% injuries while rescuing Rupali who was taken to Government Medical College and Hospital with 88% burn. After a few days, the couple lost their child and Rupali succumbed to her injuries during treatment on Monday night.For a depressed Subhash, it was his wife's immature decision that took away all his happiness, his wife and his child.\"I know what I did was wrong and have spoiled my husband's life. Now, I wish to live but I can't,\" said Rupali to the cops.A day before she breathed her last, Ruapli pleaded before Subhash asking for forgiveness.Nandanwan police has registered a case of an accidental death. Cops said that Rupali also spread the message to people about not to take such an extreme step in anger.In another incident, an unidentified body of youth was fished out from Ambazari Lake on Tuesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12716945", "title": "Lease of life to man who wanted to sell his kidney", "text": "INDORE: A 41-year-old jobless man, who had announced to sell one of his kidneys to support his family about three months ago, has been given a lease of life by the district administration. Jagjeet Singh had lost his job in January last year and had given up the hope of supporting his family financially, until the district administration intervened and offered to provide him a loan of Rs 2 lakh to re-establish himself and eke out a living.\"I want to sell vegetables,\" said Jagjeet, who had come for public hearing at the collectorate to find out the status of his loan amount. \"I was completely disturbed after I lost the job as a salesman owing to some health issue,\" recalled Jagjeet, adding that the adverse situation distressed him so much that he decided to sell off his kidney.However, district collector Raghvendra Singh, after having read about him in newspapers, assured him a loan amount of Rs 2 lakh under the Swarn Jayanti scheme of the Government of Madhya Pradesh.\"I am through with all the documents barring some which have to be procured from the Indore Municipal Corporation,\" said the 41-year-old man. The district administration officials have assured him at the public hearing that the loan will be sanctioned at the earliest, provided the documents are ready.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710897", "title": "Now, Trinamool red flags digital TV deadline", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mamata Banerjee's Trinamool Congress appears set to open another front against the Centre - this time over the June 30 deadline for changing the delivery of cable TV to digital. West Bengal government's urban development minister Firhad Hakim claimed here on Tuesday that the deadline was fixed \"without consulting states\".He said the June 30 deadline would \"create problems for cable operators\" in the state and would mean that people would have to fork out more for the changeover. He added that if forced, the situation could even \"create law and order problems in the state and then the state government will be blamed \".\"Suddenly, setting a deadline to implement introduction of set-top boxes is a conspiracy being hatched to disturb law and order in Kolkata,\" Hakim said. \"Why did they suddenly take a decision without informing the state government?\" The minister, in the capital for a meeting of the National Ganga River Basin Authority, met joint secretary in charge of dealing with states on the matter, Rajiv Takru, to register his objections.West Bengal urban development minister Firhad Hakim said, \"We would like them (Centre) to come to Kolkata for a meeting with us and cable operators (over changing the delivery of cable TV to digital). You have to give them time,\" Hakim told reporters before his meeting with Rajiv Takru, joint secretary in-charge of dealing with states on the matter. When it was pointed out that the changeover was being worked out for the last two years and state governments had been consulted, Hakim said, \"Two years ago we were not in government... you never did anything for so long and now suddenly there is a 15-day notice. The country cannot be run in this Tughlaqi style (reference to ruler Mohammad Bin Tughlaq).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12709731", "title": "Metro III pushes ahead", "text": "MUMBAI: Plans for the Rs 21,000-crore third line of the Mumbai Metro (Colaba-Bandra-SEEPZ) got a boost with the move to appoint an interim consultant to help provide services like geotechnical investigations and for preparation of tender design documents.Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) officials said there was a need to get the project off the ground and the interim consultant would look into preliminary work on the 33.5 km line with 27 stations.MMRDA officials said they were not rejecting the plea for a single underground line from Colaba to Charkop by citizen groups at a recent public hearing. \"We could incorporate the groups' plans later,'' they said.MMRDA joint project director Dilip Kawathkar said the consultant has to have experience in building railway tunnels, underground metro stations as well as a metro rail line underground for five km.Mumbai Metro I (Versova-Andheri-Ghatkopar) is still to be completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12710475", "title": "Army to file title suit for Adarsh", "text": "MUMBAI: The local army unit of Maharashtra, Gujarat and Goa is expected to file a land title suit soon seeking a formalization of land records, saying the Adarsh land has been in their possession for decades. Senior army officers said the move is in lines with recommendations made by the then additional solicitor general Darius Khambatta (now Maharashtra advocate general), who represented the ministry of defence almost a year ago.\"The judicial commission's report is not the final say and cannot conclusively prove title of the Adarsh land, either in favour of the state or the army,'' said advocate Aniket Nikam, counsel for the Union ministry of defence (MoD). \"Ownership of a land can only be established in a court of law by filing a title suit in the civil court. The MoD can file a title suit in the civil court to establish its claim over the land,'' added Nikam.A senior army officer said, \"The land on which the Adarsh building stands existed even before the state reclaimed land for Backbay bus depot land (Adarsh building stands on part of this land). We have maps to prove land ownership. The state government had no land records to prove their ownership prior to 2004 when the land was allotted to Adarsh.\"Meanwhile, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) said the commission's report will have no bearing on investigations into the scam. \"The commission was set up to find out the land ownership, which is not our mandate. It's for the courts to decide. Our mandate is to investigate whether there was criminal conspiracy in the way land was allotted to the Adarsh society. Our investigations will continue as per our mandate,\" said a senior CBI officer.Senior CBI officers said the agency has been able to prove the criminal conspiracy charge levied against those arrested in the scam. Moreover, they said criminal courts are not bound by the report or finding of the commission of inquiry. \"The investigating agency may use the findings, but it does not preclude the agency from forming a different opinion. The Adarsh case relates to anti-corruption laws (misuse of an official position for one's benefit) and the IPC section on forgery (using forged records as genuine etc) and also benami transactions of members.\"Senior army officers are not surprised by the commission's finding. \"The terms of reference (TOR) framed by the state government for the commission are pretty clear. The TOR ask to find out who owns the land and whether it was ever reserved for Kargil war widows. The army has clearly stated we were in possession of the land and used it as a garden to prevent encroachment. It was the society which told the government that they wanted this land to provide accommodation to serving and retired defence personnel, including Kargil war widows,'' said an army officer.Major General Sanjeev Chopra, general officer commanding, Maharashtra, Gujarat and Goa, refused to comment on the issue, saying he is yet to read the judicial commission's report.( With inputs by Shibu Thomas)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12710631", "title": "Dead animals in laboratory put school under cops' lens", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Following up on information obtained during recent raids in Agra, a joint team of People for Animal (PFA) members and Chandigarh police conducted a search in the biology laboratory of Sacred Heart School, Sector 26, on Tuesday, and prepared a list of 40 specimens of wild animals preserved in glass containers there. Cops suspect this is a violation of the provisions of Wildlife Protection Act.PFA's northern area in charge Saurabh Gupta said, \"The search was conducted after receiving a tip-off on storing of samples of wildlife species covered by Schedule-I, Schedule-IV and V of Wildlife Protection Act.\"After the search yielded several dead animals, including snakes, bats, lizards, rabbits and turtles, a detailed daily diary report was registered at Sector 26 police station. The search started at 2pm and was completed after preparing a detailed list of all items at around 5.30pm.The SHO said they had obtained an undertaking from management of the school to produce these items before police whenever required. \"Wildlife department of Chandigarh will be contacted to ascertain whether keeping dead animals in jars in laboratories of educational institutes is a violation of Wildlife Protection Act or not,'' he added.The PFA officials claimed that the name of the school came up during a raid at a private company in Agra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12711033", "title": "50-yr-old man found dead near Coimbatore railway station", "text": "COIMBATORE: A body, found near the rear entrance of the Coimbatore railway station on Monday night, was later identified as that of Rajan (50) with the help of a medical prescription in his pocket. Police suspect he was lying on a cement slope and was run over by a vehicle during a power cut.Around 7.15 pm, the body was found in a pool of blood at the parking lot at the back of the railway station. There was a deep injury on the right side of the forehead and the head and face were damaged. On being alerted by some auto drivers, assistant commissioners of police L Balaji Saravanan and A Murugasamy rushed there with their teams. Rajan was wearing a grey shirt and dark grey trousers. The body was sent to the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for postmortem.Police suspect the victim was sleeping on a cement slope with a pair of sandals under his head when he was run over by some vehicle.\"We registered a case under section 174 CrPC (suspicious death). After postmortem, we will know if it was a murder or an accident,\" said Balaji Saravanan, ACP (law and order), Coimbatore west.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12711771", "title": "Navelim man hangs himself to death", "text": "MARGAO: Anwar Inamdar Beg, 43, a resident of Sirvodem-Navelim, on Monday committed suicide by hanging himself to a tree in the field at Sirvodem using a nylon rope.Margao police informed that when the incident came to light, the body was brought home by his son, where attendants of 108 ambulance declared him dead.Police sources informed that the deceased was a chronic alcoholic and was frustrated as he was unemployed for a long time.Police have ruled out any foul play and registered the case as unnatural death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12710850", "title": "Police smell murder, suicide in Kolkata case", "text": "KOLKATA: Preliminary probe indicates one-and-a-half-hours of horror in the Bose household preceding the deaths of businessman Supratim Bose, his wife Sangeeta, father Sudish and teenage daughters Sharoni and Saheli in their posh Moore Avenue home late Tuesday night.Investigators have pieced together a tentative reconstruction of the crime, based on initial post-mortem reports and forensic examination of the crime scene, which shows that Supratim and Sangeeta had a fight on Monday night. In a fit of rage, he may have hit her on the head, said a police officer. It appears that a bleeding Sangeeta staggered to the adjoining bedroom where her father-in-law and daughters slept.Supratim followed her and pulled the latch from inside. He did not attack anyone else. Forensic experts suggest that he poured a heavily combustible liquid on himself and set himself on fire in the closed room where the AC was running. A blazing Supratim then apparently stood near the door to prevent anyone from fleeing.The autopsy report says that Supratim, his 75-year-old father and the divan where he slept were burnt the most. The divan was the seat of fire as it has been reduced to ashes, say forensic experts. There are marks to indicate Supratim stood next to the divan while still on fire, say sources. Sudish had made a feeble attempt to reach the door, which explains the rather unusual posture in which he was found dead. His hands were stiffly jutting out hours after death.Eighteen-year-old Sharoni also woke up and made an attempt to escape but failed, probably because her father stood near the door, all on fire. She was found on the floor although she and sister Saheli, 14, shared the bed. She has nearly 50 per cent burns. Sangeeta and Saheli had the least burn injuries. While Sangeeta may have lost consciousness due to the blow to her head, Saheli seems to have died in her sleep. Both died due to carbon monoxide poisoning.The post-mortem examination found soot and carbon monoxide in the trachea of all five family members. Though a near empty kerosene jar was found in the adjacent room, investigators believe that some other rapidly flammable accelerant was used. It caused rapid combustion and generated enough carbon monoxide in a short time to turn the closed room into a gas chamber. The killer gas rendered the victim's senseless and then quickly killed them. The blaze generated so much of heat that the glass window panes exploded out at 1:45am, awakening neighbours.There are no visible marks of injury on any victim - except for a deep blackened scar on Sangeeta's head. She was possibly hit with a wooden dumbbell, which has traces of blood. It was found in the adjacent room, where blood stains were spotted under a pillow. It is here, police feel, that the couple had a bitter fight.If the sequence of events is true, it still does not answer the key question: did Supratim Bose plan the family's murder much earlier? The driver Sanjoy was suddenly asked to go on a month's leave. Soroma, a full-time maid for six years, was suddenly asked to quit but kept on as a part-timer after much pleading. Almost everyone who knew the family knew of the couple's bitter fights as well, say police, be it their financial trouble or Sharoni's lifestyle. Theirs was a love marriage which crossed cultural barriers - Bose was a Bengali and Sangeeta a Gujarati. But what triggered the alleged assault and murder-suicide that very night?There was also friction with a relative with whom Supratim had a business relationship that soured, say police.Till now, nothing has come up in the police investigation to conclusively establish why Supratim killed his family - if he did at all. A close acquaintance of Supratim, who often met him at Prince Anwar Shah Road's Princeton Club, said: \"For any businessman, a loss of Rs 80 lakh isn't a downslide. It takes merely 2-3 years to recover it. Even if he didn't, he merely had to sell two of his properties and the loss would have been cut by a third. There is more to it.\" Police say that private money lenders had been at the Bose household a couple of times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "old goa", "code": "12711444", "title": "Concretization lowers heritage value at St Augustine tower", "text": "OLD GOA: The Archaeological Survey of India's (ASI) move to concretize the floor near St Augustine's tower has annoyed heritage lovers, as the intervention is incompatible with the heritage character of the world famous ruins, they alleged.The archaeologically-rich cloister area of the convent, open garden and the courtyard on the south west of the tower, have been recently buried under a layer of concrete in violation of conservation norms, heritage lovers alleged.\"Concretizing the ruins affects the original heritage character and natural ambience of the site,\" Prajal Sakardande, an executive member of Goa heritage action group (GHAG), said.Conservationists are worried about the insensitive development at Old Goa and the gradual loss of originality and heritage character of the world heritage site.Old Goa, as an archaeological site, largely remains unexplored. \"What is being maintained in general is only the existing monuments and buildings, but there is a rich archaeological resource in outlying areas which is buried. When buildings are constructed haphazardly, the sites are irretrievably lost and their heritage character is altered,\" Ketak Nachinolkar, a conservation architect, said.ASI's superintending archaeologist V Shivananda Rao is not in the country and hence cannot be reached for his comment, but a source from the ASI's conservation unit stated that seepage of rain water during the monsoon was weakening the foundation of the structure. \"The structure is getting damaged as the water percolates in the foundations,\" the source said.But conservationists felt that the ASI could have carried explorations to determine the composition of the old layer. \"They could have used old lime concrete in the flooring to protect the place,\" Nachinolkar said.The 46m-high St Augustine's tower draw hordes of tourists to the site with its magnetic charm, as it stands tall among the ruins of the 17th century church and convent.Heritage lovers term the overlaying of the areas around monuments in Old Goa with hard surfaces as absurd planning. The authorities at the Basilica of Bom Jesus had also buried a centuries-old stone-paved passage from the rear of the Basilica to the gate towards the south under a layer of tar a few days before the novena of St Francis Xavier in November 2011.Ostensibly, the black topping was done to help pilgrims move easily in the area, but this act of modernization has irked purists. The ASI had also tarred the stone paved approaches in front of the Basilica in the 1990s.But Fr Savio Baretto, rector of the Basilica denied the charge. \"It was an old existing road and full of potholes and it has been only repaired,\" he said. The church authorities are willing to adhere to conservation norms in carrying out any work in the area. \"The ASI and the church need to interact more on issues,\" Baretto said.Conservationists and others are disappointed over the lack of a holistic approach to the protection of the heritage site. \"The presentation of the heritage site as a historic city to all visitors is being hampered by insensitive development,\" Nachinolkar said.Agreed Baretto, \"The haphazard construction of buildings is a threat to the site, which is not just the Basilica and a few other monuments, but the entire area in its totality that has to be preserved for posterity,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710049", "title": "Tatra scam: CBI questions BEML chief for eight hours", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chairman and managing director of Bharat Earth Movers Ltd (BEML) was put through almost eight hours of grueling questioning by the Central Bureau of Investigation on Tuesday over the alleged Tatra procurement scam. The agency also questioned Ravi Rishi, owner of the Vectra group which supplies Tatra trucks, and V Mohan, a former director of BEML.As the CBI investigation picks up pace into Army chief General V K Singh's allegation that a retired lieutenant general offered him Rs 14 crore as bribe to clear purchase of Tatra trucks, agency sources said they would be putting BEML CMD V R S Natarajan, Rishi and Mohan for a round of joint questions on Wednesday. Sources said they are already in touch with Interpol for gathering details from four countries including tax haven Liechtenstein .Natarajan reached the CBI headquarters around 11.30 am where a group of officers questioned him for almost eight hours, asking him an array of questions regarding the entire Tatra acquisition process. Sources said the CBI asked him how supply contract with Tatra Sipox (UK) was renewed in 2003 much before it was required in 2006. On this, Natarajan told CBI that he did it mainly for indigenization of Tatra vehicles that would help BEML export the vehicles to other countries.CBI asked him whether BEML checked or not if Tatra Sipox (UK) was eligible for the contract, who was the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) for Tatra trucks and if BEML knew that indeed was not the OEM, why it still went ahead with the contract.Natarajan was also asked about his contacts with Rishi, to which sources said he claimed he knew Rishi as the chairman of Vectra group and that BEML did business with his company. Natarajan was also asked details of payments made to Tatra Sipox (UK) and the procurement process of equipment used in assembling these trucks, sources said.Rishi and Mohan have been questioned by CBI earlier as well but Natarajan was questioned for the first time on Tuesday. Rishi was quizzed for the eighth time on Tuesday while Mohan was questioned on Monday earlier.The agency will confront the trio with each other and several documents on Wednesday as they have been asked to join the investigations again.In 1997, Tatra Sipox (UK) had signed a truck supply deal with BEML which was in alleged violation of defence procurement rules which say that procurement should be done directly from original equipment manufacturer only, sources said. The CBI has alleged that since Tatra Sipox (UK) was not the original manufacturer of these all-terrain trucks, the rule that defence procurements should be made from original manufacturer was violated.At least five companies of UK-based businessman Rishi are under CBI scanner and the agency has already approached Interpol seeking help from four countries - UK, Czech Republic, Slovakia and Liechtenstein.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12711370", "title": "Workshop on carbon markets from today", "text": "Paryavaran Mitra and CDM-watch from Belgium along with other national and international organizations will organize a three-day workshop related to carbon markets. The workshop will be held from April 18 to 20 at Gujarat Vidyapith.Talk on Gandhi: Former vice-chancellor of Makhanlal Chaturvedi National University of Journalism at Bhopal Dr Achyutanand Mishra will deliver a talk on 'Gandhiji and Journalism' at Peace Research Centre, Gujarat Vidyapith, on April 18. The lecture will be organized on the occasion of the 86th birth anniversary of late Ramalal Parikh, the founder of Indian Census Board.Autorickshaw samiti meet: Ahmedabad Autorickshaw Chalak Sangharsh Samiti will host a meeting with the officials of the state transport department and the district collector at the latter's office on April 24. Samiti president Harihar Mishra said the meeting is scheduled to take forward their demands to hike the fares. According to Mishra, the meeting will discuss and decide the amount of hike and the new fare will be implemented from May 1.IP Day celebrations: An event to mark 'World Intellectual Property Day' will be held at Ahmedabad Management Association (AMA) on the theme 'Visionary Innovators' on April 26. As a part of the event, a visual presentation of visionary innovators will be made by group director of brand services of Triton Communications Sanjay Chakraborty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710341", "title": "Natarajan stops fresh Vedanta bid to mine Niyamgiri hills", "text": "NEW DELHI: Environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarajan nixed yet another attempt by Vedanta to get Niyamgiri bauxite mines in Odisha that Rahul Gandhi had stood up against, saving the Congress and its scion some blushes.On Tuesday, she ordered that the preliminary nod given by her ministry to the expansion of Vedanta's aluminium refinery, which the company had claimed would source 150 million tonnes of bauxite from Niyamgiri mines in Lanjigarh, be held in abeyance which effectively puts the project on hold.The environment ministry had earlier cancelled the forest clearance to Vedanta for mining Niyamgiri hills for violation of green norms and hauled up the company for expanding the linked aluminium refinery without mandatory environmental clearance. It asked the company to file an application afresh for the expansion of the refinery. Vedanta went to the Supreme Court against the ban on mining.Alongside, the company filed a fresh application for expansion of the aluminium refinery. But without a word on the existing rigmarole over Niyamgiri mines, the company said it would source 150 million tonnes of bauxite from the Lanjigarh mines.Disregarding the fact that the ministry had rejected Vedanta's bid for Lanjigarh mines, the Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) division of the ministry gave preliminary nod to the project asking it to go ahead and hold a public hearing on the project based on the EIA report. The report of the company too did not mention, as required, that the claimed source of raw material was bound in legal disputes.Sources said Natarajan stepped in when informed and put the preliminary nod given by her officers to Vedanta on hold. The public hearing now stands cancelled till the ministry takes a final view on the case.The EIA report of Vedanta accessed by TOI reads, \"Orissa Mining Corporation will ensure supply of bauxite, which is main raw material for the alumina refinery, to the tune of 150 million tonnes from Lanjigarh bauxite deposit located in Niyamgiri hill ranges and other deposits around the plant.\"Interestingly, the company, as per its own documents, had got the scientific and environmental data generated for the assessment report even before the terms for gathering such data had been set by the government. The studies normally are carried out only after the environment ministry informs the project developer about the scope of such research.The assessment report is put before the affected people in public hearings as per green laws. Approval in the public hearings and addressing concerns raised is essential for all projects. The Orissa government had put out the date for Vedanta's public hearing based on these flawed reports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12712212", "title": "ACP booked for rape, faces arrest", "text": "MUMBAI: The Azad Maidan police registered a rape case against assistant commissioner of police Anil Mahabole on Tuesday. A woman has accused Mahabole of raping her after offering her sedativelaced sweets some time ago.Mahabole is likely to be arrested in the case.Deputy commissioner of police (crime) and Mumbai police spokesperson Nisar Tamboli said, \"On the basis of the woman's complaint, we have booked Mahabole on charge of rape.\" The victim approached senior police officers recently and told them that Mahabole was blackmailing and sexually exploiting her.She told the officers that Mahabole offered her sweets few months ago and she had fallen unconscious after eating them. Mahabole allegedly shot a video of her in a compromising position and used it to blackmail and sexually exploit her.Police commissioner Arup Patnaik had asked DCP (protection ) H K Waraich to conduct an inquiry into the woman's allegations. Waraich recorded the victim's statement and submitted her report to the commissioner recently.The victim, along with crime branch officers, approached the Azad Maidan police on Tuesday and filed the FIR. Policemen being involved in crime is not new. Recently, Patnaik suspended inspector Dilip Mangaonkar and his orderly, Ashok Bhalekar, for misbehaving with their female colleague and passing lewd remarks at her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12709585", "title": "Boozy cops get helping hand to kick habit", "text": "CHENNAI: About 40 constables and sub-inspectors sat quietly, staring at a huge projection screen, while cups of coffee cooled on the tables in front of them. Those who tried to pick them up soon gave up as their hands had noticeable tremors.The third counselling session for policemen with drinking problems was held at police commissioner's office on Monday. The department started the sessions last month to counter the problem of alcoholism prevalent in the force. Police recently conducted a survey and found that 250 of the 17,000-odd police personnel have a serious drinking problem.Though the numbers are not large, drinking on duty is affecting work in local police stations. \"We cannot post drunken policemen in sensitive places. We cannot grant them leave for more than a few months. So, we decided to reform them,\" another police officer said.The intelligence wing and the public relations office are conducting the sessions once a month. \"We have informed all 132 police stations about the sessions. Many police personnel have volunteered to attend the programme,\" said assistant commissioner of police (public relations office) A D Mohan Raj.Reformed policemen share their experiences as part of the exercise and serve as role models. Recently, special sub-inspector Natarajan (name changed) strode into the room and went up to the dais. As he began speaking, the bored officers slowly came to life and started paying attention.The 54-year-old spoke about how he had been a habitual drinker and how he had transformed himself.\"Due to long and unpredictable working hours, many police start drinking and get addicted. If women complain about their policemen husbands not caring about the family and spending salary on alcohol, we credit a portion of his salary straight into the wife's bank account,\" a police officer said.Most of the addicts are over the age of 50. \"But we did not want the problem to get out of control so we started the counselling,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12716534", "title": "Sudarshan art photo bags Rs 5lakh", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A sand art photo of Lord Jagannath created by famous sand sculptor Sudarshan Pattnaik was sold for a whopping Rs 5 lakh. This was the first time his art fetched him a hefty return.The artist got the pleasant surprise when an art-loving organization, Anmol Resources Pvt Ltd, purchased his sand art painting on the concluding day of his exhibition here on Tuesday. \"I am grateful to the buyer Anmol Resources Pvt Ltd for recognizing my art,\" said Sudarshan, who bagged the world sand art championship award held in Berlin in 2008.The Rs 5 lakh-painting described the devotion of people of all religion towards Lord Jagannath, who is revered as the Lord of the universe. Sudarshan had carved the art on Puri beach during the Rath Yatra in 2008.The sculptor on April 14 had organized his first ever exhibition of sand arts on canvas at Lalit Kala Akademy gallery. More than 100 of his scintillating arts were printed on large size canvas with the aim to preserve it permanently. \"Major sculptures that I created in India and abroad were on display. I was glad the organization showed interest to purchase one of the arts,\" said Pattnaik, who represented India in more than 50 international sand art events in overseas countries.Notably, chief minister Naveen Patnaik, who inaugurated the event on Saturday, had purchased a post card with Sudarshan's works on it.People of all hues, including former Indian hockey captain and Rajya Sabha member Dilip Tirkey and cine stars, visited the exhibition 'Imagination in Sands' on Tuesday. To make the photos look more attractive, Pattnaik applied sand and colour on some of his creations on the canvas.Visitors came across sand arts on different themes, relating to sports, environment, cinema and social awareness campaigns. Some of Pattnaik's own canvas paintings were also included in the exhibition. The young sand sculptor is now eyeing to organise such exhibitions in other cities and abroad. He is also planning to publish a coffee table book, consisting mainly of his photographs and illustrations, accompanied by captions and small blocks of text.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12709337", "title": "Another engineering student kills self in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: A 19-year-old engineering student of Anna University committed suicide on Tuesday, leaving behind a note attributing her action to failure in exams.S Dhyriyalakshmi (in pic), a first year student of BE civil engineering, hanged herself in her room number 10 of at Kondrai hostel in Kotturpuram, police said.This is the third suicide of engineering students in Chennai in less than three weeks. Police said Dhyriyalakshmi was depressed after scoring low marks in an exam. Daughter of Sakthivel, a farmer from Villupuram, a predominantly rural district 160km south of Chennai, she studied in Tamil medium before joining the Guindy College of Engineeering, Anna University.College dean R Sekar said though she had scored 1,006 out of 1,200 in her plus-two exams, she could not perform well in the first semester of the engineering course. She did not appear for two papers in the assessment and scored low marks in two other subjects.Dhyriyalakshmi, who attended class at 8.30am on Tuesday, went to her room during the break at 10.15am and hanged herself. Police recovered a suicide note from room.In a note addressed to her father Sakthivel, she said she was unable to cope with the academic pressure. \"I failed in many subjects in my exam. I fear I will fail in my second semester and if I don't score well I would be useless. Don't mistake me,\" she said in the suicide note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12713874", "title": "Javed Akhtar hires a legal team for action against Zanjeer 2.0", "text": "After demanding royalty from Amit Mehra, Javed Akhtar has hired a legal team for action against the makers of Zanjeer 2.0Earlier, we had reported Salim-Javed were miffed with producer Amit Mehra, late Prakash Mehra's son, for not taking them into confidence about his much-hyped remake of the 1973 blockbuster Zanjeer.Later, we revealed that when Amit met the duo to seek their blessings and good wishes, the scriptwriters of the original Zanjeer made it amply clear he would have to shell out a substantial sum as royalty if he wanted their script re-translated on celluloid. Salim Khan even said they weren't doing charity and had sold the rights to Amit's late father for making the film once, and not over and over again.While friends of the Mehra's haven't taken too kindly to all of this, Mirror can tell you the writers have taken their battle a step further and onto legal turf.When contacted, Javed Akhtar said, \"We have hired a legal team to deal with the copy right issue of Zanjeer. Amit Mehra had come to me and Salim for the permission to remake the blockbuster. We suggested sitting across the table and sorting out the matter professionally however Amit kept on vascillating and later went to the media claiming he has got the clearance from us and he is going to start shooting soon. So we had no choice but to take legal action for royalty for the copyright.\"Akhtar reiterated they had sold the rights to late Prakash Mehra to make the film only once in Hindi and that for the 1974 Tamil remake, it was them who sold the rights once again.While shooting for the new Zanjeer has already begun, it comes as a surprise that Akhtar, who had not so long ago led a bunch of music directors and singers to rally against producers on the very same issue of royalty should be the one to lead the charge in demanding it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12714890", "title": "Protest against auction of Gandhi\u2019s valuables", "text": "KANPUR: The protest against the auction of Mahatma Gandhi's valuables reached to crescendo with the auction of Mahatma's valuables. The auction was organised in London. The denizens criticised the central government for not showing keen interest to save the valuables of Mahatma Gandhi .The renowned poet and Padamshree award winner, Giriraj Kishore when came to knew it about the issue he once again repeated his words of returning his Padamshree award. While, the members of Gandhi Peace Foundation Centre mentioned that they would sit on a hunger strike as central government did not take interest in bringing back the valuables of 'Bapu'.Expressing sadness over auctioning the Mahatma's valuables, Badri Narain Tiwari said that thoudands of citizens volunteered to raise funds to save Gandhiji's valuables, which is a waste now. He also urged that the prime minister and President should apologize to countrymen for their failure in this prestige struggle.This protest against the auction of Mahatma's valuables was initiated by the members of Rashtriya Jan Jagran Manch.Importantly, the protest against the proposed auction of Gandhiji's artefacts in London was witnessed in every part of the country but the industrial city had played an important role in this struggle. Few members of an organization called Manas Sangam also proposed to contribute one crore rupees in the auction to take back the valuables of Mahatma Gandhi.Leading the chariot of protesters against the auction, Padamshree Giriraj Kishore and Badri Narain Tiwari have collected a big sum of money, which could have been used by the central government in auction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12711821", "title": "Rs 16L limit too high for Punjab politicians", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even though crores of rupees and lakhs of liters of liquor were seized during the campaigning for Punjab elections in January this year, and chief election commissioner SY Quraishi had also raised concerns over use of money power in polls, 'officially' not even a single penny more was spent by politicians than what was fixed by the commission. Actually, they spent far less than the limit of Rs 16 lakh each during elections.Data complied by the Association for Democratic Reforms and Punjab Election Watch, both NGOs working for electoral reforms, reveals that the average expense declaration of 109 MLAs out of the total 117 MLAs was Rs 6,77,887, a mere 42% of the permissible limit of Rs 16 lakh. Only 31 candidates declared that they utilized at least 50% of the permissible limit by declaring expenses of more than Rs 8 lakh.As per their expense declaration to the election commission, no politician crossed the Rs 16 lakh mark and Simarjit Singh Bains, an independent candidate from Atam Nagar constituency in Ludhiana spent the highest amount of Rs 13.24 lakh during his campaigning.Congress candidate Karan Kaur Brar, who is also the richest politician of Punjab with movable and immovable assets of over Rs 128 crore, came second with declared expenditure of Rs 13.23 lakh. While the Congress politicians on an average incurred Rs 7.40 lakh in elections, the winning Shiromani Akali Dal MLAs spent even less with an average of Rs 5.95 lakh. BJP MLAs spent Rs 7.82 lakh on an average, reveals the ADR report.Ironically, BJP's Seema Devi from Bhoa in Pathankot, who is one of the 'poorest' politicians with assets of just Rs 2.81 lakh managed to spend Rs 9.25 lakh during campaigning. The data also reveals that the winning percentage of politicians whose declared assets were between Rs 1 crore and Rs 5 crore was highest 40%. The winning percentage of politicians with assets of Rs 10 crore and above was 22%.Maximum average amount of Rs 9.34 lakh was spent by politicians in Mohali constituency and lowest average amount of Rs 3.95 lakh was used during electioneering in Tarn Taran district, states the report.\"While on the one hand politicians of major parties in Punjab have been asking to raise the expense limit and on the other have not been able to even utilize the amount fixed by the election commission. I fail to understand this. It is so illogical,\" said PEW director Jaskirat. Agreeing that much more money than what was declared by politicians was spent in elections, Jaskirat said that the expenditure including on liquor, drugs and gifts was illegal and thus not counted. \"All the real chunk of expenditure during elections is basically illegal. Politicians try to keep what is legal as low as possible,\" added Jaskirat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12714352", "title": "Meera-Anoop Menon movie postponed", "text": "The buzz was that young actress Meera Nandan and scriptwriter-actor Anoop Menon will team up again in the movie Thakkol, directed by cinematographer M D Sukumaran.The pair had teamed up in movies like Mruthyunjayam in Kerala Cafe and Venshangupol. In Thakkol, Meera was to play the heroine opposite Anoop. This unusual pairing and the fact that it has been quite a while since Meera appeared as a female lead in a Malayalam movie had evoked a lot of buzz. However, the actress confirms that the project has been postponed.\"Yes, the project has been postponed and they have not given any fresh dates,\" she says. Actors Sai Kumar, Siddique, Suraj Venjaramoodu, Tini Tom and Saiju Kurup were all part of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12714607", "title": "Kakkad was a bookie, Palande hated our relationship: Simrin Sud", "text": "Serial killer Vijay Palande's accomplice Simrin Sud has thrown up more googlies for the cops after her five-hour interrogation on Tuesday. She told the Crime Branch officers that she had no clue about Palande's murders, and that she was not related to him. This is in complete contrast to what the cops believed so far.Senior Inspector Ramesh Keni, who had probed the 1998 double murders in which Palande was convicted in one and acquitted in the other, told this newspaper on Monday that Simrin was the daughter of Palande's sister. All this while, Simrin had been variously introducing Palande as her brother, boyfriend, and husband.On Tuesday, she told the officers of Crime Branch Unit IX that her association with Palande was a partnership of convenience, and she could have \"never imagined\" that he would kill estate broker Karan Kakkad; who, according to her, was a \"down-andout bookie\". She told the police that her real name was Seema Dhubash, aged 37; and Jallandhar was her hometown.She claimed that she was introduced to Palande in 1995, when she arrived in Mumbai to become an actress. She said in her statement to the police that Kakkad had recently lost Rs 50 lakh in cricket betting, and had begun spending a lot of time with her. She told the cops that she and Kakkad were neighbours at Oberoi Springfields in Oshiwara, and he mistook their friendship for a relationship.Palande, who was living with her at Oberoi Springfields and whom Kakkad knew as her brother Karan Sud, hated their friendship, Simrin claimed. \"Palande was being possessive, and may have planned to kill Kakkad out of jealousy,\" she said.In yet another contrast to her earlier statements, Simrin told the police that she did \"lure a few men\" to help Palande. \"He (Palande) used me to trap wealthy men, and I used his contacts to get a foothold in the modelling world. Our dealings ended there,\" she said in her statement.Simrin claimed that she was 21 when she was introduced to Palande at a Juhu gymnasium. She said, \"My father was a retired school principal in Jallandhar, and I left home to try my luck in Bollywood against his wishes. I started doing odd jobs in Mumbai, and stayed as paying guest in the western suburbs.\"She said in her statement that Palande arranged for her accommodation, and it was not long before they started living together at Brown Hills Apartments in Juhu. They later shifted to a flat in Ruia Park, Lokhandwala, she told the police.She admitted to having helped Palande in the 1998 double murder case, in which she was booked for forcible occupation of Anup Das's apartment. Palande was sent to the Kolhapur jail, but the two were reunited in 2002, when he jumped parole, following which they rented an apartment in Andheri on forged documents, she claimed. Over the past three years, she had become a regular at Page 3 parties, she told the police, saying Palande helped her with contacts, and got her the invites. She said that she was in a relationship with south Mumbai stock broker Gautam Vora, who was questioned by the police in the supermodel Viveka Babajee suicide case in 2010. Vora has denied the affair, saying Simrin was merely an acquaintance whom he saw at parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12711164", "title": "Luck propels Arthur D'Silva to Margao municipal council top post", "text": "MARGAO: Tense moments were witnessed during elections for the Margao municipal council (MMC) chairperson when voting ended in a tie, but at the end, the dice rolled in favour of Arthur D'Silva.Proceeding from this turn of events, former MMC vice-chairperson Gonzaco Rebello and his group of councillors that included ex-MMC chairperson Susheela Naik sat across the D'Silva led group at the meeting held at the council hall on Tuesday, April 17. While there were lighthearted scenes with councillors taking verbal jabs at each other as the 20 councillors cast their votes in a secret ballot, drama ensued after it was announced that the result had ended in a tie.\"As per sub-section 4 of Section 52 of the Municipalities Act, as there is an equality of votes, the result of the election shall be decided by lots to be drawn in the presence of the officer presiding,\" Salcete deputy collector DM Redkar who chaired the meeting with the assistance of MMC chief officer J B Bhingui, said.The D'Silva group was unmistakably angered as they were expecting all 11 of their councillors to vote on their behalf and heads were seen turning to find out who cross voted. Sources added that there was cross voting on both sides but while Rebello's group remained calm, D'Silva's group was busy discussing amongst themselves and with others on their cellphones. After senior journalist Anil Pai picked the lot, the D'Silva group was ecstatic and could not stop hugging each other repeatedly akin to the reaction of film stars winning awards.Coming back to the elections, as was the case with the voting for the chairperson, 15 minutes were given to both candidates vying for the post of vice-chairperson to withdraw their nominations. At this point, Joseph Silva who is known to have the backing of Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai withdrew his nomination and Youth Congress president Pratima Coutinho was declared elected vice-chairperson unopposed. Silva stated that he withdrew as D'Silva was also from Fatorda and that Margao should have its representative.\"I will take all Madgaonkars and Fatordakars into confidence and begin pre-monsoon works today itself,\" D'Silva said. He stated he would solve Margao's traffic problems by working with the government in setting up a multi-storey parking, solving the stray dog issues and supervising the garbage collection himself. D'Silva added that he would meet chief minister Manohar Parrikar soon to discuss matters concerning Margao's development.Responding to queries, D'Silva said there was no political interference from any party and that all twenty councillors would work together. \"We will work with Margao MLA Digambar Kamat and Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai while carrying out development works as they have not interfered in the elections and the entire election was an independent decision of the councillors.\" Coutinho echoed the same and pointed out that there was no BJP worker in the camp. Both D'Silva and Coutinho insisted that all eleven councilors were still united and that there was a 'mistake' or 'confusion' that led to tie.Coutinho further stated there was corruption in MMC when it came to procuring files and that she would adopt zero tolerance to corruption and that discipline would be maintained in terms of the attendance and punctuality of municipality workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "12710734", "title": "Teesra Mahaz ties up with Congress", "text": "MALEGAON: In a repeat of the 2007 polls, the Congress and Teesra Mahaz, a day after poll results were declared, decided to form an alliance to rule the Malegaon Municipal Corporation (MMC) for the next five years. The decision was taken in a meeting of local leaders of the Congress and Teesra Mahaz and the Congress high command on Tuesday in Mumbai.Congress local president Malegaon Shaikh Asif said the alliance between the Congress and Teesra Mahaz had been finalized in a meeting they and local MLA and Teesra Mahaz leader Mufti Mohd Ismael had with Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) president Manikrao Thakre and CM Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday in Mumbai. \"The alliance was formed for Malegaon's development,\" Asif said.Ismael, while confirming the alliance, said Teesra Mahaz opted for the alliance to avoid 'horse-trading'. He said that as per the agreement reached between the two parties, Congress will have its mayor for the entire term and a Teesra Mahaz candidate will become deputy mayor.The alliance became necessary as no party could win enough seats to elect a mayor on its own.While Congress emerged as the single largest party winning 25 seats out of the total 80 seats, Teesra Mahaz came second with 19 seats. The elections in Malegaon were held on April 15 and the results were declared on the next day.Interestingly, in 2007 elections, Teesra Mahaz was the single largest party and the Congress was second in terms of total number of seats. At that time Congress had helped Teesra Mahaz to elect its mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12710783", "title": "Passport office\u2019s online service a big hit", "text": "PATNA: The online service of the regional passport office of Patna, which was launched on February 9 this year, has lately got an overwhelming response from Patnaites. As many as 2670 people have applied online for passports in the first 15 days of April. In all, a total of 3886 people applied for passport in the last three months, of which 422 have been issued passports.\"Students are the major users of online service. It is easy for people to apply online as the service has many features which save their time and make it absolutely hassle-free,\" said Anand Kumar, the regional passport officer, Patna.But, even as the number of people applying for passport is increasing at a fast pace, about 60% applicants don't turn up for interview. Said Kumar, \"Surprisingly, 60% applicants do not turn up for interview. People have a tendency to apply for passports even though they do not really need it. Incidentally, in comparison to the manual process of applying, the backlog of applications is lower in online service.\"He said the office is facing a rush of Haj visitors, who are applying under the Tatkal scheme and the online service. \"We request Haj visitors to apply for passports at least 10 months before the pilgrimage date. However, better interdepartmental coordination may increase the number of passports issued,\" added Anand Kumar.Every year, the Haj committee makes a list of Haj visitors and sends it to the passport office. But incomplete list and inaccurately filled application forms delay the process of issuing passports.Currently, the police verification of passport applications takes only 21 days. The website, www.fro.patnapolice.com, displays all information regarding the status of passport applications issued from Patna, details of foreign nationals visiting the state capital and also the status of passport applications of people of the state capital living in different parts of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12709392", "title": "\u2018Avoid PAN as ID proof for rail tickets under tatkal scheme\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Avoid using your permanent account number (PAN) to book railway tickets under the tatkal scheme, as it can be misused to carry out benami transactions.The Indian Railways accepts the PAN card as indentity proof to book tickets under the scheme, but anybody can access the details as they are published on reservation charts pasted on compartments.Premnath D S, a Hyderabad-based chartered accountant, told TOI, \"The system is a boon for benami transactions after the Finance Act 2012 made it mandatory for traders like jewellery dealers to collect a tax from customers on the purchase of jewellery worth Rs 2 lakh and above.\"He said while compiling tax collection at source (TCS) rules for collection, payment and uploading of that information, jewellery dealers have to furnish the PAN of customers. For some customers it is inconvenient to provide the PAN as they have constraints in explaining their sources of money. Premnath said, \"Traders may try accommodate high net-worth customers by quoting a benami PAN, particularly the name, sex and age from reserved railway compartments.\"This information went viral on the net after Premnath posted an alert about the system's possible misuse.Subhash Gupta, member, zonal rail user consultative committee, said the railways must stop publishing PAN details on reservation charts. He appealed to people not to use their PAN card as identify proof for booking tickets till a foolproof system is in place.Premnath said, \"The income-tax department can ask the tax-payer to explain the source of income for such transactions.\"\"The onus is on genuine tax-payers for a fault of traders. The settlement of such disputes often takes more than two years,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12718227", "title": "Big B all set to host KBC 6", "text": "Contrary to the reports that he might not host the sixth edition of the reality game show, 'Kaun Banega Crorepati', megastar Amitabh Bachchan seems all prepared to take the hot seat.\"Off for a meet with Sony for next KBC...planning, operation, execution....will keep you informed on its (KBC's) broadcast and other details,\" Bachchan wrote on twitter.Big B underwent abdominal surgery in February and was advised rest for sometime. So due to his health issues there were reports that he might not host the show.KBC is an Indian reality game show based on the UK game show 'Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?The show, first aired in 2000, was hosted by the 69-year-old actor making his maiden appearance on small screen.The show became a rage with Bachchan hosting its first and second seasons. Following this, superstar Shah Rukh Khan was roped in for the third.But Big B returned to anchor the fourth season of the show which was aired on Sony Entertainment Television. He hosted the fifth season of the show started from the 64th Indian Independence Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12711683", "title": "Corporation to entrust Centre for Water Resources Development and Management to check water quality", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The lack of facilities to monitor the quality of drinking water supplied by private players rocked the corporation council meeting on Tuesday. The issue started when mayor A K Premajam, in a reply to a motion moved by UDF councillor C P Salim, told the council that the responsibility of checking water quality rests with the Kerala Water Authority and not with the civic body.Opposition members supported Salim and called for a system to be put in place especially in the wake of the recent incident in Ernakulam where untreated water was being supplied as drinking water.They demanded that the civic body should take steps to stop supply of drinking water by unauthorized agencies in city. The situation was brought under control after the health standing committee chairperson Janamma Kunjunni acknowledged the absence of a mechanism to check water quality.Deputy mayor P T Abdul Latheef said the civic body will entrust the Centre for Water Resources Development and Management (CWRDM) to check water quality. Mayor also asked the corporation secretary to take check if licences are awarded to private parties to supply water.On the issue of water scarcity, the mayor said she has already submitted the list of drought-hit areas in 75 corporation wards to the KWA. Tanker trucks will be pressed into service to supply drinking water.K P Abdulla Koya of UDF urged the mayor to take steps to remove the piled up waste at beach. Health standing committee chairperson Janamma Kunjunni said 600 tonnes of waste is piled up at various parts of the city. She said the private agency has asked Rs 20,000 to remove a tonne of waste and the fund crunch has been posing a major trouble for one-time removal plan of the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12710434", "title": "Punjab and Haryana high court notice to Union Territory on pre-fabricated vends", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Acting on a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by some city residents against the grant of liquor licence in \"pre-fabricated temporary structure\" in various parts of city, Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday put the Chandigarh administration as well as the municipal corporation, Chandigarh, on notice seeking their response on the issue.The notice was issued by a division bench, comprising Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi and Justice Mahesh Grover, after hearing a petition filed by Amit Jain of Industrial Area Phase I and other city residents.Petitioners have sought directions to administration and MC authorities to discontinue the grant of liquor licence in \"pre-fabricated temporary structure\" alleging that it is not only illegal, but also hazardous to public at large as it endangers free flow of traffic movement because of the location of these structures. It is also injurious to health and overall atmosphere on account of lack of amenities etc, petitioners added.Petitioners have also sought directions to quash the excise policy of the administration in respect of such sale, which has been named as \"L-14-A\" licences as per excise policy for the year 2011-2012 or in the alternative to discontinue the same in future excise policy commencing from May 1, 2012. PIL also contended taverns have become frequent source of traffic hazards, parking woes, drunken brawls, accidents, crimes and has also become a routine/regular source of public nuisance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "baruipur ( west bengal )", "code": "12709146", "title": "Retired scientist\u2019s daughter stripped, thrashed in Bengal", "text": "BARUIPUR ( WEST BENGAL ): A 30-year-old woman lay bleeding in front of her home for two hours after allegedly being molested and beaten up by rowdies on Sunday while police looked the other way. She says she was stripped and assaulted in front of her father, a retired scientist, by their landlord and members of a local club.The main accused, Goutam Pal, denies the charges. On Tuesday, Pal's wife filed a counter complaint, accusing the elderly scientist of molesting her. Locals are too scared to talk about the incident, saying that those accused in the assault are members of both Trinamool Congress and CPM.The woman, a law graduate, and her father rented Pal's first-floor apartment in Mullickpur, South 24-Parganas, in February this year after Bhattacharya retired from the Indian Institute of Chemical Biology. Soon after moving in, he proposed to buy the flat from Pal but the two parties got into a legal wrangle over the purchase agreement. Pal started asking Bhattacharya to vacate the flat in March.According to the Bhattacharyas, a gang of around 20 men barged into the house around 1.30pm on Sunday and attacked them. The goons stripped the woman, molested her and dragged the father-daughter out on to the street where the assault continued. Someone informed Baruipur police station but the goons had left well before the cops arrived.\"We were shaken, scared and helpless. Around 3pm, when two policemen came, we felt relieved but they refused to help us. Leave alone taking a complaint, they would not help us get to hospital,\" said Bhattacharya.\"I get a chill down my spine whenever I think about the incident. They tore my clothes, molested me and assaulted me and my father. There were so many of them. We were just two. I want the guilty to be punished,\" she told TOI on Tuesday. The homeless duo went to Baruipur police station on Tuesday along with a lawyer and lodged a police complaint.\"I do not know the names of the club members who raided our house because we are new in the locality. But I know at least four of them by face. One of them is secretary of the club. They must have some political clout or else how would they dare commit such rowdism in broad daylight,\" said Bhattacharya.Police have registered a case of attempt to rape, molestation and grievous injury against Pal and others. On Tuesday Pal's wife also lodged a complaint accusing the Bhattacharyas of attacking her.\"The Bhattacharyas wanted to buy the flat for 40 lakh and gave Rs 2 lakh as advance. When they defaulted on paying the rest, we asked them to vacate the house. How can they forcefully occupy it? When I went to my house, the retired scientist misbehaved with me and their pet dogs pounced on me and my relative. On hearing our screams, the club members came to our rescue,\" she said.Neighbours who witnessed the incident are too scared to speak. \"I saw a group of men entering the house and heard the father-daughter pleading. But since Pal is very influential and the club members are affiliated to both Trinamool and CPM, none of us dared to protest. Whatever happened was very unfortunate but we could not help the Bhattacharyas,\" said a neighbour.Trinamool MLA Biman Banerjee denied the club was involved. \"The dispute is between the landlord and the tenant. Some club members must have gone there on hearing of the incident but they had no direct role. Let the law take its course,\" said Banerjee, the assembly speaker.CPM district secretary Sujan Chabraborty said: \"I do not want to get into the dispute on the possession of the house as it will be decided by court. But I strongly protest the atrocity on the woman.\"\"Both the parties have been fighting a legal case regarding the purchase of the flat for sometime now. On Tuesday we received complaint from both sides. We are investigating them,\" said additional SP (rural) South 24-Parganas Kankar Prasad Barui.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12711877", "title": "SpiceJet plans Chennai, Ahmedabad flights", "text": "NAGPUR: Spice Jet, which operates daily flights to Delhi, Bangalore and Hyderabad, has plans to connect Chennai and Ahmedabad by using a fleet of newly-introduced Bombardier Q-400 turboprop aircraft soon.These will be the first daily direct flights to Chennai and Ahmedabad from the Orange City, a spice jet official informed. Earlier, Air India Express had connected Nagpur to Ahmedabad with its Mumbai-Nagpur-Ahmedabad-Dubai network.SpiceJet is expanding its domestic routes with a new fleet of Boeing 737 NextGen aircraft and the latest one is the Q400 NextGen turboprop aircraft from Bombardier. Recently, it added 10 more aircraft to its fleet which will operate on the Chennai and Ahmedabad sector from Nagpur, the official added.Recently, the airline also started flights from Nanded (a Sikh pilgrimage place) to Aurangabad, Mumbai and Delhi. Meanwhile, Spice Jet recently changed the schedule of its operations for Bangalore, Hyderabad and Delhi from the Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport here.Flights to Bangalore which used to take-off at 9.45am will now leave at 7.40am and land at 9.05am. The Delhi flight will depart at 8.40am while the one to Hyderabad is scheduled for 8.15 am. Flights have been re-scheduled due to closure of the Bangalore Airport from 10.15am to 6pm till May 4, the official added.Exec class to be re-introducedJet Airways which operates three flights to Mumbai, has decided to re-introduce its premier (executive class) service from April 17. Spokesman of the airline informed that the service will be introduced on its afternoon Mumbai-Nagpur flight S2 4175 which departs at 3.50pm and lands at 4.40pm and the S2 4176 Nagpur-Mumbai flight which takes-off at 5.20pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12711698", "title": "Property registration in state rakes in Rs 14.5k cr", "text": "PUNE: The number of property-related documents pertaining to sale, purchase, transfer, and leave and licence processed in the sub-registrars' offices across the state fell by 5,000 in 2011-12 when compared to the previous year. However, the processing raked in Rs 1,087 crore added revenue for the Inspector General of Registration (IGR) and Controller of Stamps office.The IGR processed 23,13,484 property documents to collect Rs 14,500 crore revenue during 2011-12. In the previous fiscal, the office had processed 23,18,618 property documents and earned Rs 13,413 crore.\"The rise in revenue is because of the hike in ready reckoner rates. It is an indication of registration of high-value properties,\" S Chockalingam, IGR, Maharashtra, said.\"A sluggish economy and higher property prices discouraged more people from buying properties. Our internal assessment indicates that people invested in gold which meant lesser funds were available for investment in property. This is one reason for fewer properties being registered in 2011-12,\" D B Patil, deputy director (accounts) at the IGR office, said.Mumbai, Thane, Pune, Nashik, Amravati, Nagpur, Aurangabad and Latur are the eight divisions.The ready reckoner rate represents the market value of a property in a particular area of a city. It is used as a basis to calculate stamp duty and registration of properties. The rates went up by 10 to 30% in Pune and by 10 to 25% in Pimpri-Chinchwad from January 1, 2012.Ready reckoner rates are revised every year and come into effect from January 1. With increased rates, the valuation of the property also goes up and a buyer has to shell out additional fee as registration charges and stamp duty.Many prefer to sign property deals before December to save some money. People also fear that home loans and property rates may go up from the beginning of the new financial year. To avoid paying extra, people complete their property deals before March 31, every year. Hence, almost 30% of the annual revenue is collected in the period between December and March, Patil said.Another official said the IGR office's analysis wing keeps a close watch on market trends and investors preferences. \"Our office has observed that there has been significant investment in gold purchase mainly as biscuits and coins. Since gold is a movable property, investors were comfortable investing in it rather than in flats or land,\" the official added.If a property deal takes place within the municipal corporation's limits, the property buyer has to pay 5% of the deal value as registration fee to the state government.The state finance ministry has set up Government Receipts Accounting System (GRAS) for online payment, which would be useful for various government offices to accept fees. The system was started two years ago and is widely used by the IGR's office followed by state excise and regional transport office.At present, the IGR has asked bulk stamp purchasers to make all payments online. Based on their feedback since last April, the IGR has begun upgrading the system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "12715933", "title": "'Dead' man withdraws money from bank!", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Six days after a man in Palamu was declared dead, he \"walked\" to the Vishrampur branch of the State Bank of India and withdrew money from his account!An Indira Awas beneficiary, Bhola Ram from Godarma Khurd village under Rehla police station in Palamu passed away last year (May 18, 2011). Ram was allotted an Indira Awas in 2010 -2011. A death certificate was also issued by the Panchayat Sewak on August 19 2011.On May 24, 2011, that is six days after the death certificate was issued, a self-withdrawal form (signed by Ram) for Rs 17,500, was presented to the bank and the amount was withdrawn from Ram's account.Vishrampur SBI manager PP Singh confirmed it was a fraudulent transaction. An Indira Awas account is not a joint account and it is mandatory to match the photograph of the account holder and his signature. In this case there was no verification. The SBI official also added that the banker managing the withdrawals, should have been more careful.DC Palamu, Pooja Singhal, said the administration will look into the matter and the erring banker will be hauled up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12711770", "title": "Over Rs 89L kids given polio vaccine drops", "text": "PUNE: The second round of the national polio immunisation drive on April 15 covered 77% of the targeted 1.16 crore children below five years of age in the state. Compared to the first day of the first round held in February, the number of children covered on April 15 was 3% less, along with two cases of adverse reaction.A total of 89.79 lakh children were immunised against the targeted population of 1.16 crore on the first day of the immunisation drive. \"The remaining children, who failed to reach immunisation booths, will be covered through door-to-door visits in the next three days in rural areas and five days in city areas,\" said V M Kulkarni, assistant director of the state health services and in charge of the immunisation programme.\"In the first round, we had immunised 80% of the targeted population on February 19. The 3% drop in day one of the second round can be ascribed to the summer heat and the vacation period,\" Kulkarni said.Only two cases of adverse reaction following immunisation were reported during the second round. \"Two children aged 3.3 years and 3.6 years developed vomiting, loose motion and dehydration at Patan in Satara. They were rushed to a hospital in Karad. Their condition is stable and they are recovering. These are sporadic cases. Polio vaccine drops are safe and effective. The same batch of vaccine, when given to other children, didn't cause any reaction,\" Kulkarni said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12710415", "title": "Foul-mouthed Beniwal suspended from House", "text": "JAIPUR: Independent legislator Hanuman Beniwal, who used obscene language against minister of state for health Rajkumar Sharma during a debate, was suspended from the House for a year on Tuesday after the Opposition brought the state assembly to a standstill with the demand.The Opposition demanded suspension of minister Sharma too on similar charges but the ruling party ignored the demand, as a result of which the BJP and the CPM legislators staged a walkout. It was alleged that Sharma got revengeful, was abusive and advanced towards Beniwal in a threatening manner during the ugly spat in the House on Monday night.Minister Sharma and minister of state for civil defence Rajendra Singh Ghuda, on the other hand, held their party chief whip Raghu Sharma responsible for the 'ignoble and unprecedented' incident in the history of Rajasthan assembly. The chief whip was accused of 'contriving' to help Beniwal get opportunities to speak 'unrestrained'.In a display of growing differences within the Congress, the two ministers sat on a dharna in the House's well demanding suspension of Beniwal and removal of Raghu Sharma from the chief whip's post. Minister of state for PWD Murari Lal Meena and parliamentary secretaries Ramkesh Meena, Ramesh Meena and Giriraj Singh Malinga also stepped in to the well in support of the demand.Parliamentary affairs minister Shanti Dhariwal and tourism minister Bina Kak later persuaded the two ministers of state-Sharma and Ghuda-to return to their seats. By then the Opposition legislators stepped into the well refusing to let the House proceedings continue until actions were taken against the guilty.Under unrelenting demand of the entire Opposition, deputy speaker Ramnarayan Meena had to adjourn the house proceedings four times for an hour each. For the second time during this budget session, the Opposition did not let even the Question Hour to start.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "thanjavur", "code": "12710453", "title": "Natarajan grabs govt official\u2019s land this time, case registered", "text": "THANJAVUR: Thanjavur taluk police on Tuesday registered a land-grabbing case against M Natarjan who is already lodged in Trichy central prison in five other cases against him and his aides. With this fresh case, the number of cases against Sasikalaa's husband has touched six.According to the police, P Ranganathan (64), a retired deputy block development officer (DBDO) of Boodhalur panchayat union, lodged a complaint with the land grabbing cell in Thanjavur stating that Natarajan and his brother Swaminathan grabbed his 22 cents of land around his house in south street in Vilar. Swaminathan was a tenant in the house. With a view to grabbing the land, he and his brother Natarajan uprooted the trees on the land during the second week of January 2012. Further, they threatened Ranganathan with dire consequences.Based on his complaint, the Thanjavur taluk police registered a case against the duo under sections 447, 506 (ii) of IPC. Since Natarajan was already lodged in Trichy central prison, the police were on the lookout for Swaminathan. The police also said Swaminathan also was one of the seven accused persons including Natarajan in a 20 acres land-grabbing case in Vilar village. However, he obtained anticipatory bail. This was the first case filed against him since Sasikala was expelled from the AIADMK by chief J Jayalalithaa.Prior to this sixth case, Natarajan was slapped with five cases including grabbing 20 acres from one Ramalingam of Vilar in Thanjavur, a cheating case involving Rs.1.60 crore from realtor Varadharan in Trichy, grabbing land worth Rs.1.25 crore from Vincent Albert from Thanjavur, a house demolition case in Thanjavur and a land-grab of 4,800 sqft of land belonging to Amala Pushpa Mary near Vilar in Thanjavur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12715108", "title": "Ee Adutha Kalathu duo teams up again", "text": "Arun Kumar Aravind, the director of Ee Adutha Kalathu, and Murali Gopi, who wrote the story, dialogues and script of the movie, are teaming up again for their next venture.\"The shoot will start in September and the scripting is going on. We are on the lookout for the right cast for the movie,\" said Arun Kumar. About the theme of the movie, the director says, \"All I can say is that it is going to be an entirely different outing.\"Ee Adutha Kalathu was the first movie for which Arun and Murali joined hands, and it was a hit. It is considered a pathbreaker for its innovative method of weaving story threads together. Will the duo work magic again? Let's wait and watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12717281", "title": "Mohanan gets ready for 916", "text": "Director M. Mohanan is all set to start his next movie 916. Malayalam stars like Asif Ali and Anoop Menon will be seen in lead roles.New girl Malavika Nair makes her acting debut with this film. Mohanan will start shooting 916 this year in June. He will shoot at Calicut. 916 also stars Mukesh, Baburaj, Salimkumar.This film has been produced by K.B. Vijayakumar; its music has been composed by M. Jayachandran and lyrics written by Rafeeq Ahamed and Anil Panachooran. Movie 916 is expected to release by the end of this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12711070", "title": "School building collapses in quake, close shave for kids", "text": "KOLKATA: Last Wednesday's temblor in the city may have ended up in a catastrophe had the students nearly 110 students of Adarsh Hindi High School in Mominpur not been having their midday meal at that time. The portion of the century-old building where classes V and VI were held rooms in which their classes are held in the century-old building came crumbling down during the quake. Had the children been inside, many could have lost their lives or been seriously injured.The incident occurred at the state government-aided Adarsh Hindi High School (Higher Secondary) on 2, Mominpur Road. The school has nearly 1,200 students and some of the classes are held in an old building that predates Independence.The portion that collapsed had developed cracks during another tremor in 2011. \"We had reported the matter immediately to the authorities. With help from local MLA and state urban development minister Firhad Hakim, work started on a new building. This would have six new classrooms. We require about 20 classrooms in all and till the new section was ready, we decided to use the existing one,\" said Capt Dr B B Singh, principal of the school.Principal Capt Dr B B Singh was away on official work in Delhi on April 11 when the earthquake occurred. According to him, students have their midday meals between 1.40pm and 2.20pm everyday.\"As per procedure, teachers asked the students of Classes V to VIII (nearly 110 students) to queue up and prepare for their meal at 1.30pm on that day. By 1.40pm, the students were on the ground floor and the meal was being served. Soon after 2.10pm, a portion of the building where Classes V and VI are heldcollapsed. Nobody had felt the quake and initially, everybody thought that it had collapsed by itself. It was later that we came to know that there had been an earthquake ,\" Singh said.He also said that classes will be held on rotation basis till the building is repaired. Regular classes have been stopped at the school after the incident. According to the principal, classes are now held on rotation and this will continue till the building is repaired.\"I have reported the matter to the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan which is in charge of the building. They have Engineers have inspected the site and assured us that necessary steps will soon be taken to ensure that normal classes can start,\" said Singh the principal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "12709918", "title": "Woman killed in Ulhasnagar building slab crash", "text": "ULHASNAGAR: A woman labourer was killed and six others were injured when a slab of an illegal under-construction godown collapsed in Ulhasnagar on Tuesday afternoon.The incident occurred around 12.30pm near Anchal palace hotel at Vithalwadi. Of the six injured, three are women , while one is a 12-year-old who lives nearby and was playing at the site.The deceased was identified as Chandibai Medhaval (27). The injured are Sonibai Chauhan (24), Sonibai Rathod (25), Govind Chauhan (40), Kistabai Chauhan (26), Shiva Chauhan (21) and Suresh Vishwakarma (12). Five were admitted to Central Hospital, while the 12-year-old boy was in Sion hospital in critical condition.Ulhasnagar Municipal Corporation (UMC) commissioner Ashok Rankhambh visited the site and found that the construction was illegal. He suspended three civic officials - ward officer Nilesh Ranghori, assistant engineer Deepak Dhole and civic officer Raju More - in whose area the incident occurred.Rankhambh said, \"The godown construction is illegal and last month, our civic team demolished the structure. But now, the contractor violated rules again and had started construction on the site.\" The Central police registered a case of negligence against two contractors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "12711520", "title": "At 5 degrees Celsius, Manali, Lahaul-Spiti shiver", "text": "MANALI: Summer has announced its arrival at most places in Himachal Pradesh but for the people of Manali it is still impossible to do away with their woollens.A lot of firewood is still used in Manali and Lahaul-Spiti just like the winter months and the minimum temperature remains below 5 degrees celsius.For more than a week it snowed on the high altitudes and rained in the lower areas causing an unexpected temperature dip. Shopkeeper Mohammad Maqbool said, \"Sweaters, jackets, caps, mufflers and woollens still sell regularly. I have not displayed the summer collection as yet.\"Snow on the Rohtang Pass has once again confined people to the valley. Resident Padam Singh said one has to trek through the snow to reach other places. \"It would surely take a lot of time for restoration of the highway traffic,\" Padam said. On Tuesday, the minimum temperature of Manali was 5.2 degrees celsius and the maximum 15.4 degrees celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12714030", "title": "Porous India-Myanmar border security threat: Ibobi", "text": "GUWAHATI: Manipur government has endorsed the Union home ministry's proposal to deploy Border Security Force (BSF) as the dedicated border guarding force along the India-Myanmar border. Speaking at the chief ministers' conference on internal security at New Delhi on Monday, Manipur's chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh said it would ensure effective surveillance along the sensitive and porous Indo-Myanmar border, which is at the core of illegal arms and drugs smuggling and trans-border movement of militants.He also stressed on the need for taking the core issue with clear foresight and in a sustained manner. Since the Kargil War in 1999, Assam Rifles, a para-military force under the operational command of the Army, has been entrusted with the responsibility of guarding the Indo-Myanmar border. Manipur home minister Gaikhangam, chief secretary D S Poonia and state police chief Ratnakar Baral also attended the conference.Ibobi highlighted the importance of effective surveillance along the Indo-Myanmar border and expressed his satisfaction with the home ministry's plan to construct 4,585km of roads, 113 helipads and two helibases along the border. He also called on the home ministry to accelerate border fencing works and settle disputed boundary pillars in the Manipur Sector with Myanmar at an appropriate level.The CM told the conference that the Manipur government has successfully controlled many Kuki Tribal Militant Groups by entering into a Tripartite Agreement for the Suspension of Operations over the last three years. To carry forward the momentum, two more militant groups, UTLA and KRA, were included in the fold of the agreement on March 24, he added.He said that although the larger valley-based militant groups had so far not responded to the state's offer for peace talks, his government signed a Tripartite Agreement with a smaller group, KCP(MC)-Lallumba faction, in August 2010 and their cadres were in the process of rehabilitation with assistance of the home ministry, the Army and Assam Rifles.Ibobi suggested the Centre to absorb former militants in central police organisations by relaxing recruitment norms. He also urged the Centre for establishment of a fully equipped police station at Khoupum in Tamenglong district to check movement of militants. Ibobi said the state government has taken steps to implement crime and criminal tracing network and system project, which would cover 101 police stations and 153 higher offices.Ibobi urged the home ministry to sanction four Indian Reserved Battalions for protection of the 1,500MW Tipaimukh hydro-power project and the Loktak Downstream Hydro Electricity Project. He also called on the government to assist the state in obtaining assistance from Japan International Co-operation Agency for the Project of Augmentation of Water for Imphal with raw water from Thoubal Multi Purpose Project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12716342", "title": "Fire at BSNL office turns 20,000 phone connections dead in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Over 20,000 BSNL landline phone connections turned non-functional following a fire in the Navrangpura Telephone Exchange here today, officials said.The fire broke out due to short-circuit on the third floor of the BSNL office located in Navrangpura area this morning, where a call center and telephone exchange were operational, they said, adding that there was no casualty in the incident.The Chief General Manager of BSNL (Gujarat circle) also has office on the seventh floor of the same building.According to fire officials, the entire call center and the exchange room were engulfed in fire, which was doused within a couple of hours.BSNL officials said that over 20,000 landline phone connections were affected due to the fire incident. Most of the connections turned dead, they said.Technicians were trying to restore the electricity connection in the building they said, adding that the landline connections would be restored at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12717204", "title": "Sudhir Mishra waits for Amitabh, delays Mehrunnisa", "text": "Sudhir Mishra's most ambitious film Mehrunissa will have to wait. We heard the filmmaker is not in hurry to start the project unless its leading actor Amitabh gets fit and is ready to resume work.Mehrunissa is a tale of two friends and stars Amitabh and Rishi Kapoor in lead roles. Apart from that, Mishra is yet to sign an A-list actress opposite both actors. Since his favorite Chitranagada Singh failed to manage her dates, Sudhir is still to zero in on the female cast.Meanwhile Sudhir Mishra is starting another film titled 'Driver', produced by Balaji Motion Pictures. Driver is a dark film based in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12710810", "title": "Special cell to curb highway crime", "text": "KOLKATA: The state transport department is forming a special cell and increasing supervision along the highways to curb criminal activities. In the past two months - between March and April -five truck drivers were killed by highway robbers across the state.The latest incident took place near Bally toll plaza on Durgapur Expressway. Sailendra Singh was murdered by some goons and his vehicle was taken away.On Tuesday, state transport minister Madan Mitra held a meeting with special IG CID Vineet Goyal, East Midnapore SP and truckers' association representatives.Mitra visited the bereaved family of Singh and gave them Rs 25,000 from the Trinamool Congress party fund.At Tuesday's meeting, it was decided that a special cell will henceforth be on vigil to curb highway crimes and track criminals. Mitra also suggested truckers to instal GPS gadgets in their trucks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12713495", "title": "4 years on, PM's promises to state yet to be fulfilled", "text": "GUWAHATI: When Prime Minister Manmohan Singh arrives in the city on Friday to attend the platinum jubilee celebration of the state legislative assembly, Assam will be looking forward to the customary financial package. But a government document shows that more than half of Singh's last package, announced four years ago, is yet to be implemented.During his visit here on August 25, 2008, which was marred by bad weather forcing him to cancel a couple of public rallies, Singh had announced three bridges on the Brahmaputra, educational institutes from the block level to a world-class university and a dedicated riverine force to guard the Indo-Bangladesh border in the state. Singh represents the state in the Rajya Sabha.Among his assurances were \"serious consideration\" to the problems of flood and erosion that have been plaguing the state for decades now.This time around, chief minister Tarun Gogoi is taking another shot to attract Singh's attention to this problem. According to a document from the ministry of development of northeastern region (DoNER) on the status of the implementation of the PM's promises, this is being worked out in consultation with the state government and a concept note is being prepared.Another of Singh's promises was that three bridges would be built on the Brahmaputra by the ministry of road, transport and highways. For the Dhola-Sadiya bridge, the target deadline for completion as per the PM's announcement was 2013, which has now been postponed to 2015.Similarly, the Numaligarh-Gohpur bridge linking Jorhat to North Lakhimpur, which was scheduled to be completed by March 2013, has a new target date in 2014. The third bridge, connecting north Guwahati with the southern part of the city, was initially meant to be completed by December 2010, which again is behind schedule.The regional centres of Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Petroleum Technology and National Institute of Design are also yet to start functioning.For securing the border with Bangladesh, the PM had announced that two India Reserve Battalions (IRB) would be raised and deployed for riverine policing, which is yet to happen. These two battalions were to be trained by the Centre. Fixed border outposts (BOPs) in riverine areas were also to be provided specialised equipment to strengthen riverine patrolling.There is also no progress on the science city that Singh had announced to be set up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12709615", "title": "Pension woes: Elderly pour in to prove existence", "text": "CHENNAI: At age 88, R Gowri can not move about without support. Yet, the woman, wife of K Ramamurthy Sastri, late principal of the Madras Sanskrit College, had to catch the Pallavan Express in Trichy on Tuesday morning to make the 320 km journey to Chennai. All this for the routine annual life certification at the DPI campus in Nungambakkam.\"The routine affair puts me to a great deal of distress. With discourteous staff around, I am unable to get the responses from the reception on the first floor,\" said Gowri, who was accompanied by her elder daughter R Chandra. The staff at the Pension Pay Office (PPO), the government agency in Chennai to deliver the pension benefits, she said, even yelled at her for carrying baggage into the office. \"Is there anyway to get rid of this travel and do it in Trichy itself?\" she said.For 45,000 pensioners attached to the Chennai PPO, it is the time of the year for annual mustering. The old and fragile with sticks and walkers are flooding the DPI campus to report to the government that they are still alive and eligible to continue receiving the pension benefits. If some arrive with serious disabilities accompanied by their relatives, several others complain about the government's callousness towards the elderly Many want the government to do away with this annual mustering at the PPO or treasuries and instead want the local banks to handle the certification.\"This summer is cruel and travelling from far off places causes lot of hardships to senior citizens,\" said K Das, a retired MTC staff, who was seen struggling with a sticker. He and his friend, residents of Tambaram had to hire an autorickshaw for 500. The PPO office handles nearly 700 pensioners a day. \"It takes at least three hours to get our turn to come,\" said K Kothandapani, a pensioner from Sembakkam.Officials said the option to avail the pension benefits from banks is in place and it's only the pensioner who has to choose either treasury or banks. \"Even the nationalized banks can avail of this opportunity and enroll the pensioners,\" M Veera Shanmugha Moni, commissioner, Treasuries and Accounts said.There are seven lakh pensioners in the state, including one lakh in Chennai. From this year onwards, the government has started the image capturing drive with the help of National Informatics Centre to prevent fraud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12710628", "title": "Students to get mid-day meals during vacations", "text": "NASHIK: Nearly 1.75 lakh school students in scarcity-hit villages in nine tehsils will get mid-day meals even during their summer vacations. The primary education directorate has ordered schools in scarcity-hit areas to ensure that every child on the roll of the schools who has not gone out on vacation to some other place is provided food.According to the primary education department, which handles the responsibility of providing meals to students of primary as well as secondary schools in the district, including the rural and the urban areas, the respective officials at the village level have been informed about their duties about mid-day meals and the arrangements are being made for the same.\"In all, 1,121 villages, that is, around 1,200 schools, will benefit from the decision taken by the state to ensure that children do not suffer because of scarcity in the district. The March-end statistics show that nearly 60% of primary and secondary schools still have stock of food grains and that can be utilized during the vacation. The schools that have run out of stock should take the same from neighbouring schools that have excess and should forward a demand for additional material required. Aid for cooking will also be given,\" superintendent of primary education cell, zilla parishad, Uday Devre said.\"From the last five years, school students in scarcity-hit villages are being given meals. The role of the schools is that they have to appoint a teacher to oversee the distribution of meals in their school. The teacher has to call the students for the meals and ensure that only the number of children on the roll of the school are present and they are given food. Surgana is the worst hit, and all teachers from all the schools have been instructed to ensure the scheme is implemented thoroughly,\" the official said.Accordingly, despite vacations having started, students in all schools are being given food. The department has asked for statistics of stock available with every school and also directed them to generate demand (if any) for foodgrain and rice and even for payment towards preparation of the food. \"Funds are not an issue. The thing is that the teachers should ensure that the funds are utilized optimally. In a couple of days, we will get to know the exact quantity of grain required and the amount to forward for preparation and serving of the meals.In rural areas, the grant of Re 1 per student per day for students of classes I to V, and of Rs 1.20 per student per day for students of classes VI to VIII, is given for cooking of food, while all the ingredients are provided through the consumer federation and the marketing federation by the government. In case of urban areas, the grant is Rs 2.80 and Rs 4.15, respectively, but without ingredients excluding rice.During the last academic year, Rs 31.80 crore was spent to provide meals to students. In the first group of Class I to V, 4.78 lakh students and in the second group, 2.63 lakh students benefited from the mid-day meal scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12710304", "title": "Travel mart ends on a high", "text": "JAIPUR: The fifth edition of The Great Indian Travel Bazaar (GITB) ended on a positive note with 'buyers' and 'sellers' expressing satisfaction over the prospects generated during the course of meetings over two days.The fair has been immensely successful in terms of over 8,000 pre-structured B2B meetings, said Usha Sharma, principal secretary, tourism. \"The response from 'buyers' and 'sellers' has been gratifying. There is no denying that GITB has become a force to reckon with in the travel arena,\" she said.President of Rajasthan Association of Tour Operators Bhim Singh said the stalls and the booths set up by various buyers and state governments were remarkable. \"They were greatly appreciated by the foreign tour operators, who had come from over 50 countries,\" he said.\"One of the prime highlights of the fair was the heritage division. The organizing committee had painstakingly selected the tour operators to be invited this year and the result has been satisfying,\" said Randhir Vikram Singh Mandawa, general secretary, Indian Heritage Hotels Association (IHHA).Director of FICCI Rajasthan State Council Gyan Prakash said the tour operators will be going on familiarization tours to various parts of the state to experience the vibrant culture of the state. The next edition of the GITB will be held from April 14 to 16, 2013 in Jaipur, he informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12711723", "title": "Karajgaonkar may get bail today", "text": "NAGPUR: The city sessions court has reserved its order on the anticipatory bail application of Nagpur's top educational officer till Wednesday. Mahesh Karajgaonkar, deputy director (education), is facing heat from the cops for his alleged involvement in the multi-crore St. Vincent School (SVS) fake teacher recruitment scam.On Tuesday, the entire education department was abuzz with speculation on its controversial boss' fate, which will now continue for one more day. Cops have opposed the bail application saying Karajgaonkar failed to act against the guilty even though he was informed about the scam.Public prosecutor Vishwas Deshmukh said, \"If Karajgaonkar is not taken into custody immediately then he may tamper with the evidence. During interrogation, we found evidence of his involvement in this Rs 5.17 crore scam.\"However, the defence team argued that Karajgaonkar had no role to play in the scam. Defence counsel Anil Gowardipe said, \"My client is cooperating fully with the police hence his custody requirement is surprising. This scam happened in the early 1980s and my client joined the department in 2005. It is absolutely not possible for him to have any role in this scam in any capacity whatsoever.\"The police however allege that Karajgaonkar was aware of the scam and allowed it to continue despite several complaints. Investigating officer Pravin Wadile said, \"Karajgaonkar for some reason did not act on the complaints which led to the scam continuing unabated. If he had taken any action against the matter at the right time, then we would have been able to gather more evidence. But now all the documents have been destroyed by the SVS management and the education department.\"SVS received grants from the government for teachers' salary and since 1982, it was furnishing fake employment details to the education department. Unqualified teachers were given identities on paper of government recognized teachers, drew salaries under fake names, withdrew money from provident fund account, and milked tax payers' money which came to school as grants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12711105", "title": "Property worth 5Lakh gutted in fire at Colva", "text": "MARGAO: Two jewellery shops belonging to Kashmiri traders and a residential house in Colva were gutted in a fire that broke out in the intervening night of April 16-17.Sources in the fire and emergency services (F&ES;) informed that the incident occurred at around 2.30am on Tuesday.Personnel of the F&ES; rushed to the site on receiving a call informing them about the fire and managed to douse it. By then, jewelery worth 5 lakh was gutted in the fire, F&ES; officials informed.Three fire tenders, two from Margao and one from Verna, were used to bring the raging flames under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12712221", "title": "Cops probe Kakkar\u2019s links with bookies", "text": "Investigators, while going through the phone records of missing aspiring producer Karankumar Kakkar, have found calls from and to several bookies. Police officers on Tuesday declined to identify the bookies or give details of Kakkar's connection with them, saying only that they are still probing the link.Model Simran Sood and convicted murderer Vijay Palande have been charged-along with others-for the kidnapping of Kakkar. Both Palande and Sood, according to officers, might have had associations with IPL players. Sood used to frequent IPL after-match parties and there are pictures of her with cricketers on Facebook. The police are investigating if Kakkar, Sood and Palande were in any way part of a network of bookies.Kakkar's family said the police have been repeating the possible connection between the 28-year-old and bookies ever since they filed a missing complaint on March 11. They stressed that the police's priority should be to find Kakkar. And, if he is then found involved with bookies, he should be punished.\"My contention is that the police should first find my brother and then inquire about his business,\" said Kakkar's brother Hanish. \"They say that he was in contact of bookies based on his call records that we had provided. But mind you, the investigation did not progress until the Oshiwara police arrested Vijay Palande in a different murder case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12714560", "title": "State cop's 150km run to feature in Guinness Book", "text": "JORHAT: Abhijit Boruah, an Assam police constable, on Tuesday, entered the Guinness Book of World Records for running 150km in 24 hours barefoot on January 31. Abhijit has become the first man in the world to set a record in this particular category.In an e-mail addressed to Boruah, Guinness official Manu Gautam on Tuesday congratulated him for his feat and said, \"Your claim has been accepted by GWR. The certificate has been dispatched on your address given in profile.\"''I feel great pride for my achievement. As an Assamese, I want to thank the state and its people for their encouragement and assistance which helped me set the record. I now seek their blessings for the future,'' Boruah said. ''I have nothing to give to the people of my state in this moment of my life. But, I request all the people of my state to pray so that I can highlight Assam on the world stage.''Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi also congratulated Boruah and awarded him with Rs 2 lakh. Jorhat legislator Rana Goswami handed over the cheque to Abhijit on behalf of the chief minister.The people of Jorhat took out a procession in the heart of the town with the world record winner Abhijit and shouted slogans in support of him. ''We feel proud that the dream of a boy of Atilagaon came true. We are celebrating this moment and praying for his success,'' one man in the procession said.The 22-year-old Abhijit, who is already featured in India Book of Records, Limca Book of Records and Asia Book of Records, achieved the feat at 3.46pm on January 31 when he ran 156.2km. The run was flagged off on January 30 by Guinness' Indian observer B K Chandrasekhor Tiwari. Tiwari said the entire documentation and video and still photo records of the event had been sent to Guinness' London-based headquarter which, after detailed analysis, decided to feature Abhijit in their book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12711397", "title": "Pak human rights activist Ansar Burney to meet kin of six hostages in Mumbai today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistani human rights activist Ansar Burney has come to the rescue of six Indian sailors, who were taken hostage by Somali pirates about two years ago following the hijack of MV Iceberg-I. Burney is slated to meet the hostages' family members in Mumbai on Wednesday.\"I was approached by these family members. They have come to Mumbai, where I will meet them. I am going to appeal to the NATO , European, Indian and Pakistani security forces to take action against the pirates. I am ready to assist them since I want to save innocent lives,\" Burney told TOI.The activist said that the victims' family members had approached him about six months ago when he was helping the release of 22 crew members of Egyptian merchant ship MV Suez, including six Indians and four Pakistanis. \"We will have an elaborate discussion. I won't support paying ransom to the pirates. I have learnt that the hostages' kin are poor and they have nothing to give,\" Burney said.However, he claimed that he would be open to paying ransom if all other options are exhausted. \"We cannot lose innocent lives. I will go to any extent to raise funds for them since the ship owners have washed their hands off and have snapped all communication with the family members,\" the activist said. In the case of MV Suez, Burney had raised funds through donations.Abandoned by the ship owner and tortured by the pirates, the sailors of MV Iceberg-I are the longest-held hostages in Somalia .Sources in the government said that they had no objection to the victims' family members approaching Burney, but no Central ministry would be a part of the negotiations. \"The hostages' family members think the activist can help them. The government cannot do anything in this case,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi/thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12711626", "title": "SC upholds HC order on Vilappilsala waste plant", "text": "NEW DELHI/THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Supreme Court on Tuesday upheld an order of the Kerala high court directing the Kerala government to give protection for the smooth functioning of the Thiruvananthapuram Corporation's garbage treatment plant at Vilappilsala.A division bench of the Supreme Court comprising Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Deepak Mishra directed the Vilappil panchayat to approach the high court again with regard to the directive on opening of the factory door using force. The order was issued on a special leave petition filed by the Vilappil panchayat against the high court order on January 23.The HC had asked the state government to give police protection for the corporation to ensure the smooth functioning of the garbage treatment plant. It had also ordered to break open the lock of the plant if the panchayat doesn't open it. \"The SC has upheld the police protection part of the order and asked the panchayat to approach the HC with regard to the directive on opening the lock forcefully. The SC also found no ground to interfere with the high court's order,\" said Nandakumaran Nair, counsel for Thiruvananthapuram Corporation.Following the SC order, urban affairs minister Manjalamkuzhy Ali convened a meeting of the corporation and Vilappil panchayat authorities to end the deadlock. However, no concrete decision could be taken as panchayat president S Sobhana Kumari demanded more time to study the SC order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "washington/islamabad", "code": "12711701", "title": "'Squeeze' Haqqani network, US cautions Pak", "text": "WASHINGTON/ISLAMABAD: The United States has said that it will continue to press Islamabad to \"squeeze\" the al-Qaida linked Haqqani network , as Afghanistan blamed the Pakistan-based group for the latest attacks in Kabul .Declaring \"there were indications of Haqqani involvement\" in the weekend attacks in the Afghan capital, secretary of state Hillary Clinton said that she had pressed Pakistan to \"squeeze\" the Haqqani network when she visited Islamabad last October.\"I will continue to make that point, and press it hard,\" Clinton was quoted by Fox News as saying. She described the Pakistan-based outfit as a \"determined foe\" .Afghan interior minister Bismillah Mohammadi said that one of the militants arrested during the latest attacks on the Afghan capital and three other cities had told the authorities that al-Qaida linked Haqqani network was behind the assaults.The secretary of state said she had spoken to her Pakistani counterpart Hina Rabbani Khar to urge her for a commitment to work closely for peace and stability in Afghanistan and also discussed the recent terrorist attacks in Kabul.The telephonic talks between Clinton and Khar come a day ahead of a crucial meeting of Pakistan's top civilian and military leadership, who are expected to take a final decision on re-opening of logistic supply lines to Nato troops in Pakistani media reports said that the meeting will formally announce reopening of Nato supply route.In Washington, state department spokesperson Mark Toner said, \"They (Clinton and Khar) did discuss next steps in the US-Pakistani dialogue in light of this parliamentary review.\"We recognize that this has been a long and difficult road for Pakistan. It speaks to the strength of Pakistan's democratic institutions that this parliamentary review's taken place and that the government has come up with recommendations. I think it's incumbent on us now to engage with them in a discussion about some of those recommendations ,\" he said.Pak to decide on Nato routes todayPakistan PM Yousaf Raza Gilani is to chair a crucial meeting of ministers and generals to take a final decision on reopening of logistic supply lines to Nato troops in Afghanistan. The meeting will also be attended by chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee, Gen Shamim Wyeen, army chief Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani and air force and naval chiefs. Local media quoted sources as saying that the meeting will formally announce reopening of Nato supply route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12714226", "title": "Khandwa residents raise red flag to water privatisation", "text": "BHOPAL: Residents of Khandwa, a town some 350 km from Bhopal, are busy holding an opinion poll against a Rs 106.72 crore project of water supply privatisation. Protests and demonstrations are also being held every day against the project.Says Devendra Singh Yadav of Narmada Jal Vitran Sangharsh Samiti, a people's organization, carrying out the survey, \"We will complete the referendum in a month and hand it over to the chief minister and the Supreme Court to let them know people's opinion.\"The project is being implemented by the Vishwa Infrastructure and Services Private Limited under the UIDSSMT (Urban Infrastructure Development Scheme for Small and Medium Towns). The centre would bear 80% and the state government 10% of the cost. The local civic body will bear the remaining 10% cost.\"For 10%, they have mortgaged the city to the private company,\" says Dilip Shrimali president of District bar Association.Devendra Shrivastawa, also a resident, actively involved in agitations said, \"We will take the issue to its logical conclusion\".Water would be drawn from Choti Tapti River, about 54 km away, from Khandwa. This is a tributary of river Narmada with lots of backwater from the Indira Sagar Project.The project is likely to be implemented in Khandwa before the onset of 2013 summers,\" says SPS Parihar, principal secretary, UDA. He says another similar project is also being implemented in the northern MP town of Shivpuri.The people in Khandwa fear that the water is going to cost much in coming days.\"For a family of five people, the water tariff is likely to be around Rs 500 per month against the present Rs 50,\" a spokesman of the Sangharsh Samiti said.Other provisions made in the contract sounds quite \"dreadful\", says Rehmat Bhai of Manthan Adhyan Kendra, an NGO studying the privatisation of water in MP for the last seven years.\"The agreement said that there would be no parallel water supply system once the private project is in place. People will have to take new water connections, discarding the old ones, and there would be no public taps for poor.\"\"Khandwa's needs were being fulfilled by Bhagwat dam and for the next 20 years there would have been enough water for the people,\" he claimed alleging, \"such private projects benefit a nexus of politicians, bureaucrats and contractors and not the public.\"Mayor of Khandwa Bhavna Shah however, refused to comment on the project and the growing opposition in the city. \"I will talk once the project is inaugurated,\" she said.However, the government sources said there is another side of the story.\"Ultimately, we will have to move people towards meterisation and volumetric supply of water,\" a top government policy-maker said.\"People must learn fast that water is a precious commodity and it should not be wasted. When it is supplied 24X7 like electricity, there is no need to store it, you will be charged according to the quantity of water consumed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12717523", "title": "Child marriage: Band, baja, barati to face the music", "text": "INDORE: The axe may now fall on pandits, bandwalas, wedding material suppliers and even caterers if they are found participating in child marriage. They better check the age of bride and groom or else they may end up landing in jail, says the district administration.The district administration, in order to check child marriage, has issued a gag order to pandits, bandwalas and caterers. It has also instructed them to inform the administration about any child marriage and to avoid becoming a part of it.A circular has been sent by district collector Raghvendra Singh to all the SDM before Akshay Tritiya when a large number of child marriages take place. The SDMs have been instructed to take punitive action against not just the parents and relatives, but whosoever participates in the marriage. They will be booked under the Child Marriage Prevention Act 2006.\"Pandits, bandwalas and caterers must first make sure that they are not becoming a part of any child marriage or else they will face action,\" district programme officer of women and child welfare department Vishal Nadkarni said.He further said that in the last six months, 22 actions have been taken, six child marriages have been stopped and for the first time two FIRs have been registered for child marriage. \"This is the first time that two FIRs in child marriage cases have been registered in a single financial year,\" said Nadkarni, adding that it has helped instil fear among people against child marriage.Recently, Prashal Gujar of Badijam village had approached administration to stop the marriage of his 12-year-old daughter Sapna, who was being forced into marriage by his in-laws. \"We sent a team and stopped the marriage. We also ran several programmes to make people aware about the issue,\" said Nadkarni, adding that later the villagers gave a written pledge to stop child marriage.Changes in the Sarda Act 1929 (Law for Child Marriage) has given the power to officials to act against child marriage. \"Earlier the action involved six months of imprisonment and Rs 1,500 fine. Now, one can get two years of imprisonment and incur a fine up to Rs 2 lakh. This is a non-bailable offence too. Not only this, now a child marriage can be nullified within one year of marriage,\" said Nadkarni. He informed that earlier marriage was consider legal and action was taken against parent only. Now every participant can be punished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12711506", "title": "Ranchi office says passport to IM founder in SRK\u2019s name can\u2019t be ruled out", "text": "RANCHI: The passport office here on Tuesday said the possibility of Indian Mujahideen (IM) founder Riyaz Bhatkal getting a passport in the name of Shah Rukh Khan cannot be ruled out. Intelligence reports have said that Bhatkal obtained a passport in the name of Shah Rukh Khan from Ranchi on January 21, 2010.Assistant passport officer S K Sinha admitted that an applicant could make use of loopholes in the verification system in absence of online availability of data related to important certificates and other documents.Intelligence reports of the passport issued to the terror mastermind in the name of Shah Rukh Khan is believed to have sparked an Interpol red-corner notice that resulted in the Bollywood superstar being interrogated for two hours at a New York airport last week.\"If intelligence officers say that Bhatkal got passports from many places including Jharkhand on false documents, then it cannot be ruled out. This is because there is no online system in Jharkhand to verify the authenticity of any document, be it the birth, identity or residence proof,\" said another officer.\"One has no choice but to bank on the expertise and experience of the staff to check and stop use of forged document,\" the officer said, adding that if the office starts sending each certificate for verification, then issuing passports would become impossible.Documents like driving licenses, voter identity cards, ration cards and certificates from boards and universities are used for verifying credentials of applicants. Originals are inspected at the final stage.\"We can stop use of forged documents to get passports only after details of all certificates used for verification are available online,\" the officer added.Special branch sources that verify the documents submitted by the applicant before issuance of certificates, too, admitted that an applicant could use forged documents, and that these have been used in the past, to get driving licenses and passports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710291", "title": "Plane loses ATC link over IGI, lands safely", "text": "NEW DELHI: Imagine an aircraft that's just moments away from landing suddenly loses all contact with the air traffic control (ATC) at the destination airport. The radio fails and then both do not now know what the other is doing for many minutes before touchdown! This is precisely what happened at Delhi airport on Tuesday afternoon when a SpiceJet flight from Hyderabad was approaching towards capital to land.The Boeing 737 established the first contact with the ATC at IGI airport after entering Delhi region and then the communication between the tower and the cockpit suddenly went dead. Sources say that for the next five to ten minutes there was no contact between the two. However, luckily for passengers, contact was re-established when the aircraft was about 80 miles from IGI and then it landed safely.\"The frequency on which the pilot had contacted the ATC suddenly got jammed. This usually happens when the button on the push to talk of the radio telephone in the cockpit remains pressed for longer than needed and it jams the frequency. For 5-10 minutes there was no contact with the aircraft. Contact resumed when the aircraft was 80 miles away from IGI. During the time the aircraft was not in contact with the tower, it did not descend and kept flying, as per procedure, on its last allotted level,\" said sources.A SpiceJet spokesperson said: \"The observer hand mike had a fault on SpiceJet's SG 234 that was coming from Hyderabad. During this time, the pilot, co-pilot or the observer seat did not have radio contact with the ATC. However, this was rectified in two to three minutes and the connection restored.\"The ATC, however, is not taking this incident lightly and has assured that they will investigate what happened on SG 234. \"We will speak to the airline and look at our systems too. The incident will be probed,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12711336", "title": "Anti-encroachment drive at Jadhav Chowk", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation, along with the Nagpur Improvement Trust and city police, conducted an anti-encroachment drive on Tuesday and removed encroachments at the NIT shopping complex situated opposite the ST bus stand at Jadhav Chowk. The area has been demarcated for pay and park. tnnThe squad recovered a fine of Rs 23,000 from five shops which includes a beer bar and restaurant. It also carried out mop-up drives in Central Avenue, Cotton Market Road and Anand Talkies Road, and collected a truck load of material by initiating action against roadside vendors.The Hanuman Nagar and Nehru Nagar zone officials also carried out an anti-encroachment drive in their zones. The Nehru Nagar squad removed 60 temporary shops and also recovered Rs 4900 in fine while the Hanuman Nagar zone removed 30 shops from footpaths and roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "12711190", "title": "Third king cobra rescued in Sattari this month", "text": "KERI: Amrut Singh along with the Animal Rescue Squad in Bicholim rescued the third king cobra this month in the forested Sattari taluka on Monday.The king cobra or hamadryad, a blackish brown venomous snake entered the house-cum-temple dedicated to Chidambaram Swami at Nagargao in Sattari taluka.\"It is a 7.5 feet long snake. The house-cum-temple is situated amidst the Mhadei Wildlife Sanctuary which is its natural habitat,\" Singh said. Earlier this month, two king cobras were rescued in the villages of Hivre-Khurd and Thane-Dongurli near the Mhadei Wildlife Sanctuary in Sattari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12711735", "title": "Jalandhar building collapse: Factory owner did not have licence to run unit", "text": "JALANDHAR: Industrialist Shital Vij did not even have a licence to run the blanket manufacturing unit which came crashing down on Sunday night. In fact, the four-storied building was not even registered under the Factories Act, 1948.The authorities continued to turn a blind eye to these criminal violations till the time the structure collapsed -- killing and maiming employees working on night shift. Various government departments have now hurriedly slapped several complaints against the factory owner, Shital Vij, once it was known that the Punjab chief minister would be visiting the site on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12711623", "title": "Smart cards continue to elude drivers", "text": "KOCHI: The project to implement smart card-based driving licences and registration certificates is yet to take off, though many years have passed since the announcement of the project.The project, announced in 2001, failed to take off owing to various procedural delays and legal hurdles.Officials in the motor vehicles department said though they had completed all formalities to initiate the project, they had to call off the tenders several times.\"We had issued tenders in 2001, 2005 and 2011 to implement the project across the state. Every time we had to recall or cancel the tenders owing to various reasons,\" a senior official said.In 2001, the tenders were cancelled as the Central government had revised norms for issuing driving licences and registration certificates in electronic format. In 2005 the department awarded tender to Bangalore-based Indian Telephone Industries (ITI); but they had to cancel it following a petition filed by an NGO in Lok Ayukta challenging the technical feasibility of the project.In 2011, the authorities floated fresh tenders and completed procedures but they were not able to implement the project. \"When all the procedures were completed we received a court order directing the department to revisit the tender awarded to ITI, Bangalore, and implement the project after negotiating with them,\" said Alex Paul, joint transport commissioner, who is in charge of the project.Paul said that the department would now have to cancel the fresh tender and initiate talks with the company regarding the rates. \"We are planning to implement the project at the earliest,\" he said.Once implemented, vehicle owners in the state will be issued microprocessor chip-embedded smart driving licences and registration certificates. The authorities expect that the smart cards will make enforcement and administration easier and transparent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12709961", "title": "No CBI probe against senior cops", "text": "MUMBAI: Seven high-ranking police officers, who allegedly shielded their colleague, have been spared inquiry by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for now. The Bombay high court on Tuesday instead directed a probe under the supervision of the director-general of police, K Subrahmaniam.A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode passed the order on a review petition filed against their February 27 order directing the CBI to probe allegations that they shielded special inspector-general (protection of civil rights) K L Bishnoi accused of examination malpractice.Bishnoi was shown present for a practical exam in the final-year LLB course at Siddharth Law College on March 12, 2005. He was then additional commissioner of police, economic offences wing. The CBI inquiry was ordered on a petition filed by Chitra Salunkhe, then vice-principal and in-charge of the viva exams, who alleged harassment at Bishnoi's behest.The judges, while recalling their order, did not rule out ordering a CBI inquiry if they were dissatisfied with the DG-level inquiry. They directed the inquiry report to be submitted to the court in three months. They directed the state to pay Rs 50,000 as costs to Salunkhe \"for the time being\" after she urged for the same for the trouble she has been put through.The seven officers include ATS chief Rakesh Maria, retired additional director-general of police Pankaj Gupta, inspector-general Mohan Rathod, additional commissioners of police Sanjay Saxena, Brijesh Singh, Vishwas Nangre-Patil and Naval Bajaj. The judges directed that the respondents cooperate with the inquiry and also directed the DGP to immediately give police protection to Salunkhe, her mother and son.Advocate-general Darius Khambata offered inquiry by the \"highest level\" in a time-bound programme. The judges accepted Khambata's submission and told Salunkhe a DG level inquiry would be \"comparatively\" better than by the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12710028", "title": "Police give drug addict a helping hand", "text": "MUMBAI: The Dadar police provided narcotic drugs to a 29-year-old Bandra resident who was arrested recently for breaking the window of an SUV owned by former MLA Suresh Gambhir and stealing cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 3.44 lakh.Police said the accused, Irfan Memon, becomes violent and bangs his head if he is not supplied with drugs. Memon himself runs a rehabilitation clinic for drug addicts at Murbad. \"Memon is badly addicted to drugs. He was provided with narcotic substances after his condition deteriorated and he was forced to get admitted to a hospital for four days after he was arrested on April 6,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni.Memon, whose father is a businessman, has committed over 39 thefts in the central and western suburbs in the last four years. Investigators said he would drive around in his own car and commit thefts. \"Memon said he carries a glass cutter to cut the glass of a parked vehicle to steal. He would then splurge on girls and drugs,\" said an investigator.Assistant commissioner of police (Dadar division) Madhukar Sankhe said Memon steals because of his drug habit. \"He said he commits offences when he falls short of pocket money. He is provided with Rs 2,000, but still falls short of money due to his habit,\" said Sankhe.Police officials said that when Memon learnt the police were after him, he tried to get anticipatory bail but the court rejected his plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12715644", "title": "Soft drinks a curse in disguise?", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the scorching heat steadily making every passing day comparatively warmer than the previous one, the demand of drinking items is also on a high. Cold drinks are the most popular one, especially among the youth, despite the fact that health experts do not favour consumption of such drinks.\"Today you may find water or not at public places but one thing is for sure you will get cold drinks everywhere. Lassi, fresh juice or jaljeera etc are like drinks for old fashioned and lime water, coconut water or other healthy drinks have met with the same fate that have been forgotten by the younger generation,\" said Dr SK Shukla, former head of the department of medicine, MLN Medical College.Soft drink consumption is a risk factor for developing metabolic syndrome, a combination of the symptoms such as high blood pressure , obesity, high cholesterol and insulin resistance. There is evidence that consumption of too many soft drinks puts one under increased risk of liver cirrhosis similar to what chronic alcoholics have, he added.About the consumption of cold drinks and its ill-effect on teeth, Dr Sandeep Singh, a dentist, said that soda decays and dissolves the enamel. Researches point out that soft drinks are responsible for doubling or tripling the chances of tooth decay. The acidity can dissolve the mineral content of the enamel, making the teeth weaker, more sensitive and susceptible to decay. Soda's acidity makes it even worse for teeth than the solid sugar found in candy. \"People should drink less soda, especially between meals, to prevent tooth decay and dental erosion,\" said Dr Singh.Talking of the harmful elements present in the cold drinks, Dr Manisha Dwivedi, head of the gastroenterology department, MLN Medical College, told TOI that there are several elements present in such drinks which eventually means that one is drinking carbonated, caffeinated, sugared or artificially sweetened beverages, which harm the body. Giving up soft drinks can be one of the best things one can do to improve health.Many people either forget or don't realize how many extra calories they consume in what they drink. Several scientific studies have provided experimental evidence that soft drinks are directly related to weight gain. The relationship between soft drink consumption and body weight is so strong that researchers calculate that for each additional soda consumed, the risk of obesity increases 1.6 times, she added.Medical officer SAM Meesum said that anything that promotes weight gain increases the risk of diabetes. Drinking soda not only contributes to making people fat but also stresses the body's ability to process sugar. Rapidly absorbed carbohydrates like high fructose corn syrup put more strain on insulin-producing cells than other foods. When sugar enters the bloodstream quickly, the pancreas has to secrete large amounts of insulin for the body to process it.Linking the consumption of soft drinks and weakening of the bones and osteoporosis, Dr KD Tripathi, orthopaedic surgeon, said frequent consumption of soft drinks may increase the risk of osteoporosis, especially in people who consume soft drinks instead of calcium-rich milk. In 1950s, children used to drink three cups of milk for a cup of sugary drinks and today that ratio is reversed to three cups of sugary drinks for every cup of milk. Osteoporosis is a major health threat for Indians and experts say that the real culprit is the replacement of milk by soda in the diet. Some experts believe that the acidity of colas weaken bones by promoting the loss of calcium.Talking about the effect of soft drinks on kidney, Dr Dilip Chaurasia, urologist, said that every diet contain calcium and oxalate and even as calcium is useful, human body does not need oxalate and when it get crystallized, it leads to formation of stones in kidney.Researches point out that large quantities of cola result in enhanced kidney stone formation. The body must buffer the acidity of soft drinks with calcium from bones. As this calcium is eliminated through your urine, it slowly forms kidney stones, he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12711186", "title": "Corporation school awaits new building", "text": "COIMBATORE: H Arif, one of the brightest students of the Corporation Primary school on the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU) campus here, says he would be happy if their school had better facilities.Proper facilities are what the institution lacks now. The classrooms don't have proper benches and desks, or even a proper blackboard.\"The old building has been demolished and we are all set to construct a new one on the campus. Estimates have been prepared and initial land measurements completed,\" said E Senthil, corporation councillor of ward 21.The old school structure was demolished a month ago and all 72 students from classes I to V accommodated in a shed on the TNAU campus. The small, red shed has three rooms where children have to sit on the floor - there is no space for desks and benches. Besides the 72 students, there are three teachers in addition to some kitchen staff to prepare the mid-day meals. There is no dining hall and most of the children have to either sit on the floor or stand in the courtyard to eat. Some of the regular classes are also conducted out in the open on most days. The children also have to walk up to the toilet block on the university campus, a fair distance away, as there is no toilet facility in the shed.\"Once the new building comes up we will be able to shift into it. We have been promised all facilities, including a proper dining hall in it,\" said a teacher.The school is literally at the mercy of the TNAU authorities who have allowed the corporation to use the shed that earlier served as the Pensioners' Office. The new school building is estimated to cost Rs 47 lakh and is expected to be completed only by next September. Corporation officials, however, say it will be completed at the earliest.\"The condition is really bad and the corporation is not taking any steps to ensure an improvement,\" said MS Velmurugan, former corporation of ward 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12714271", "title": "Hrithik Roshan to romance Vidya Balan?", "text": "Buzz is that Karan Johar wants to cast the two in his next.The success of The Dirty Picture and Kahaani has evidently put Vidya Balan in the elite list and made her amongst the most sought after actresses in Bollywood. If the recent industry buzz is to be believed, Vidya Balan is on the wish-list of Karan Johar now.It's a known fact that Karan Johar has acquired the rights of the novel ' The Immortals of Meluha '. The novel written by Amish Tripathi is a trilogy on Lord Shiva. After watching Vidya Balan's work in The Dirty Picture and Kahaani , Karan Johar strongly wishes to cast Vidya Balan as the female lead of the film. Apparently Vidya will be seen portraying the role of Parvati, Lord Shiva's wife.But in that case who would be playing Lord Shiva is the big question. Hrithik Roshan is the name being considered by KJo. The two delivered the biggest hit of this year in Agneepath . So if everything goes fine, we would get to see a fresh pairing in the form of Hrithik Roshan and Vidya Balan. The jodi seems as unique as unusual it is.Karan Johar literally knows how to get the best of both worlds!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710682", "title": "Consensus-building only way to tackle terror, Naxalism: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Under attack from several states on the NCTC issue, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday said consensus-building was the only way forward since issues like terrorism need to be tackled together by both the Centre and states.''Well, we are trying. Consensus-building is the only way forward in a country as diverse and complex as ours. The Centre and states have to work together. We are not on different sides. We are on the same side. Terrorism and extremism are vices which we have to combat together,'' said the PM, on the sidelines of a defence investiture ceremony at the Rashtrapati Bhawan.Non-Congress CMs like Naveen Patnaik , J Jayalalithaa, Narendra Modi as well as ally Trinamool Congress had joined forces on Monday to oppose the controversial NCTC holding that it encroached on states' powers and undermined the spirit of federalism enshrined in the Constitution.Home minister P Chidambaram lamented the \"mistrust\" and suspicion harboured by some states against the Centre on the NCTC imbroglio, but expressed confidence that the issue would be resolved in the May 5 meeting. He said the Centre would \"step back\" for every step taken by the state governments in fighting terror and Maoist insurgency.The minister said it was wrong to say that all states were critical of the Central government's role and policies as a vast majority of states did not harbour such notions. \"By and large, all states recognized that we are together - states and Centre are together. There is no way the states can fight terror or militancy or Naxalism without the support of Centre. And we never said Centre can do it without involving the states,'' he said.''So, everybody recognized explicitly in most cases and implicitly in a few cases that we are in this together. Every chief ministers said give us more money. So at least one cord that binds us - that is money,\" he added.Chidamabaram said only two CMs made passing remarks on the NCTC issue, but there were many others who emphasized the need for the Centre and states to cooperate in fighting terrorism as well as Left Wing Extremism. \"We had already circulated the agenda which contains the notes on NCTC and I have already offered that the draft of the Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) will be circulated before the next meeting,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12716807", "title": "Sunny Wayne and Ananya in Raktharashas", "text": "Sunny Wayne and Ananya have been signed as leading actors for upcoming Malayalam 3D horror movie called Raktharashas.It will be directed by R-Factor, a group of young technical team. The film will have Ananya in a deadly vampire's role. Though rest of the cast hasn't been finalized, the film is expected to go on floors soon this year.Raktharashas is about a family that goes for vacations in an island bungalow. All of them get influenced by the supernatural powers and try to kill each other. It is believed that the film will have 3 different climaxes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12715959", "title": "IIM-R to go on air", "text": "RANCHI: Indian Institute of Management, Ranchi (IIM-R) is in the process of finalizing trial runs of a unique Live Learning Programme aka Satellite Programme. It is aimed at helping thousands of non-IIM students to learn directly from the masters of IIMs and famed management gurus.\"I held talks with two firms which will supply the required telecommunication technology for running such satellite programmes,\" said IIM-R director M J Xavier. He also added that the agreement would be completed in two weeks and the programme would be in place for trial runs. \"It will help our students, but more importantly it will help those who don't study at IIMs.\"The concept is to telecast (live or at a separate time) selected lectures and classroom case study discussions from other IIMs to students at IIM-R. These lectures will also be telecasted to management students in Ranchi University and also to various private management schools.By paying a certain amount, private B-schools can get lectures and special classes at IIM-R telecast live to their students. Management experts believe this concept can bring about a comprehensive improvement in the way management is learnt and taught.Xavier said, \"Though it will be distant, it will be quality learning. It will create a synergy between IIM and non-IIM students which will help students understand the intricacies of management and apply them to meet demands of the industries.\"As a result of this, Ranchi University (RU) vice chancellor as well as other B-schools bosses are excited. \"We are eagerly waiting for the programmes to start. It will be a boon for our students,\" said RU vice chancellor L N Bhagat. Around 2000 students are enrolled for MBA courses with RU.M N Singh, who runs a private B-school in Jamshedpur said, \"We will definitely look forward to such programmes. It will come as a god sent opportunity for non-IIM management graduates.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12711791", "title": "Grant NOC to PCMC slum rehab project, says minister", "text": "PUNE: Union minister of state for defence P Raju has asked the defence officials to give a 'no objection' certificate for the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation's slum rehabilitation project being implemented at sector 22 in Nigdi.During the hearing on the alleged violation of the 'Red Zone' by the civic body while constructing the project, the Bombay high court has recently directed the PCMC to get a 'no objection' certificate from the defence authorities for the project.On Tuesday, a meeting was convened in New Delhi by Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar , where defence officials and officials of the PCMC discussed various developmental projects of the civic body that required land or permission from the defence ministry.Nationalist Congress Party leader Mangala Kadam said in a statement after the meeting that discussion was held on fixing the boundaries of the Red Zone as per the high court order. \"It has also been decided to conduct a study about the compensation to be given to the properties and constructions affected due to the Red Zone. There will be no objection for constructing the 15 roads that pass through the defence land, provided requisite compensation is given to the defence authorities,\" Kadam said in the statement.Officiating municipal commissioner Prakash Kadam, joint city engineer Rajan Patil and deputy director, town planning, Pratibha Bhadane were also present at the meeting.Kadam said, \"The civic body has spent about Rs 160 crore on 11,760 tenements being built under the slum rehabilitation project, which allegedly falls in the Red Zone. There are thousands of other houses in the Red Zone areas of Kiwale, Mamurdi, Nigdi, Talawade, etc, within and outside Pimpri-Chinchwad.\"The defence authorities had issued a notice in 1990 under section 7, sub-clause(c) of the Works of Defence Act 1903, putting restrictions on land development in some areas of Charholi, Moshi, Bhosari and Dighi in Pimpri-Chinchwad. The restricted area is called Red Zone.Eom/gaikwad/md", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12711939", "title": "HC tells Bangalore University to allow centres to admit students", "text": "BANGALORE: Justice AS Bopanna on Tuesday directed Bangalore University (BU) to permit the three study centres in Bangalore to admit students to the first year of various courses offered in distance education.Rajajinagar-based Navya Education Trust and S Nijaligappa College of KLE Society and Universal Educational Trust on Magadi Road filed a petition in this regard. The BU had not permitted these study centres to make admission for 2011-12 for various reasons, including the agreement for operating the study centre had expired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12711013", "title": "Security guard foils robbery bid", "text": "KOLKATA: A security guard and local youths in Phoolbagan responded promptly to the desperate cry of a domestic maid and nabbed two of the four robbers who broke into a flat of a businessman on Tuesday afternoon. The duo on the run managed to escape with cash and jewellery worth around Rs 1 lakh.One of the gang members had worked in the building as a domestic help and had all information on the family of RS Agarwal, who owns a construction business. When the gang rang the bell on Tuesday, Agarwal's wife Kusum opened the gate as she had known one of them.But the gang immediately overpowered Kusum, her daughter-in-law and two domestic helps. They then forced Kusum at gunpoint to open the almirah. When the robbers were busy amassing the booty, one of the helps shouted and raised an alarm.Bipul Das, who works as a security guard in the adjoining Dalmiya House, said he heard the cry from the first floor and immediately rushed to the flat with some local youths. \"While I leapt towards the flat, I spotted an unknown youth coming down the stairs and I nabbed him. I handed him over to others and entered the flat. Inside, one of them was collecting the booty holding Kusum Agarwal at gunpoint. I pounced on him and he failed to fire from his revolver. I managed to overpower him. Meanwhile, two others jumped out of the flat and managed to escape.\"Police later said the robbers were residents of Madhubani in Bihar. \"As one of the youths had worked in the flat, he was well aware about the Agarwals. They had kept tabs on the movements of the business family for the past few days,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "12717518", "title": "Give me more security, my life is in danger: Hafiz Saeed", "text": "LAHORE: LeT founder Hafiz Saeed has moved the high court, asking it to stop Pakistani authorities from taking any \"adverse action\" against him under pressure from the US and provide security to him as his life was \"not safe\" and any \"mishap\" could happen.Acting on the petition of Saeed for whom the US has offered a $10 million bounty, Lahore high court Chief Justice Azmat Saeed Sheikh today issued notices to the federal government, the interior ministry and the Punjab home ministry to file their replies by April 25.Saeed filed the petition along with his brother-in-law Hafiz Abdur Rehman Makki, for whom the US has announced a $2 million bounty under its Rewards for Justice programme. Saeed and Makki contended in the petition that under Articles 4 and 9 of the Pakistani Constitution, they are free citizens, and the federal and provincial governments should be stopped from taking any \"adverse action\" against them under pressure from the US. They asked the court to direct the government to provide them security as their \"lives were not safe\" and any \"mishap\" could happen. Saeed and Makki further requested the court to direct the federal government to ask the US to withdraw the bounty.Saeed's lawyer A K Dogar said the Pakistan government should ask the US to provide evidence against Saeed, the JuD chief, before acting against him.\"Arresting anyone without evidence is an open violation of the law,\" Dogar said.Unlike other terrorists sought by the US, Saeed lives openly in Pakistan and has mocked the bounty offered for him, saying he is ready to face \"any American court\" to answer charges.The Defa-e-Pakistan Council, a conglomerate of over 40 extremist and hardline groups cobbled together by Saeed last year, has organised protests against the US bounty across the country in recent days.The Pakistan government has sought \"concrete evidence\" against the two men from the US, saying this was necessary to \"proceed legally\" in the matter. Following the Mumbai attacks, India provided Pakistan several dossiers with evidence against Saeed and other members of the LeT and JuD who were linked to the terrorist assault.Pakistan has maintained that this evidence is inadequate to prosecute Saeed.The JuD chief was detained for nearly six months after the Mumbai incident before being freed on the orders of the Lahore high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12713743", "title": "\"Nagaland has one of the best healthcare infrastructures\"", "text": "Kohima: Nagaland minister for health &amp; family welfare, Kuzholuzo Nienu attended the inauguration and foundation laying programme of Khuza Primary Health Centre (PHC) at Khuza EAC Hq in Phek district on Monday.The minister appealed to the people to make the best use of the PHC. He claimed the state has one of the best health care infrastructures in the country and an investigation team from UP appreciated the functioning and the condition of the primary health centres in Nagaland during their visit.Nienu also called upon the people to co-operate with the department of health &amp; family welfare to ensure a good healthcare delivery system. He said the PHC will enable people to avail proper health care facilities in rural areas itself instead of spending huge amount of money on treatment in urban areas.The minister also disclosed that the state government has approved the proposal to start three nursing schools in the state and the construction of the first institute of nursing school at the Christian Institute of Health and Science Research (CIHSR) has been completed in Dimapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710123", "title": "Judiciary can\u2019t regulate press freedom: Jethmalani", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former law minister, MP and senior advocate Ram Jethmalani on Tuesday told the Supreme Court that it would be unconstitutional to curtail or regulate press freedom through judicially evolved guidelines because Parliament alone was competent to undertake this exercise through legislative route.Appearing for a media association before a five-judge constitution bench comprising Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices D K Jain, S S Nijjar, Ranjana P Desai and J S Khehar, the octogenarian lawyer suggested that the best method to evolve guidelines for reporting subjudice matters without infringing the rights of the accused was to seek consensus through meetings between judges, lawyers and leaders of the media.\"The guideline evolved through this process could be recommended to Parliament for appropriate legislative action. I can assure you that Parliament would act on such a recommendation,\" he said.Though the bench had doubts about the efficacy of normative guidelines in protecting fair trial because of excessive reporting intruding into the domain of judges in certain cases, it said, \"If we have to recommend, we will do so. There is no problem at all. But the limited question is what should the court do when a person approaches it complaining against media's blatant breach of his right to presumption of innocence till pronounced guilty? Would the court be breaching Article 19 if it protects the right of the accused by ordering deferment of reporting for a short period.\"Jethmalani was unrelenting. He said, \"A pre-publication ban is ultra vires. A guideline to this effect is unconstitutional. Even if the Supreme Court has some legislative power, when the issue involves Article 19, restrictions must come from a statute made by Parliament.\"However, he agreed that if a constitutional court was convinced that a newspaper report compromised the right of an accused and jeopardized fair trial or administration of justice, it could surely put a ban on subsequent publication of the matter.Jethmalani said the malady of misreporting or biased reporting could be controlled if the judges shed their populist approach and sent a couple of errant journalists to jail under contempt of court law.\"Contempt of court law is not invoked as much as it should be to invoke the fear of god in journalists. The court will not have to worry about media guidelines if contempt jurisdiction is invoked and sent a message that press cannot get away with contemptuous reports,\" he said.Appearing for the Statesman newspaper, counsel Madhavi Goradia Divan argued against court-framed media guidelines saying mere reporting of trial proceedings would not vilify anyone as the public was aware of the cardinal principle 'presumption of innocence till pronounced guilty'.On the flip side, she said well-intentioned guidelines could be taken out of context and attempts would be made to achieve something which was completely different from what the court was intending to do. \"The trial courts are well aware of the powers conferred on them to control reporting of proceedings in a criminal case,\" she said.The bench clarified, \"Our effort is not to punish but to prevent. This exercise is an awareness process for everyone. We want to put in guidelines to avoid certain situations by deferring reporting for a limited period of time. We are not going into reporting of other wings of government but of a limited restraint on reporting as far as court proceedings are concerned.\" The arguments will continue on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12711332", "title": "Both BJP and Congress claim victory", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While the BJP refrained from making figurative claims about their fate in the Panchayat elections that were held on Sunday, Congress party staked claim to victory. Congress workers claimed that the party has come to power in 75 per cent of the gram panchayats in the state.BJP spokesperson said of the 1,738 gram pachayats, 421 were declared Samras gram panchayat. \"Of the remaining 1,317 panchayats where elections were held, we have come to power in a majority of them,\" said a BJP leader.Congress leaders reinforced their claims by saying that the party's supporters had come to power in the stronghold-village of BJP MLA from Amreli, Kalubhai Virani. Congress leaders also pointed out that Babbuji Thakore, the brother of BJP's Member of Parliament Natuji Thakore also has lost the election in Vadvi village in Kadi Taluka.A Congress spokesperson claimed that Kala Purohit, brother of BJP Dhanera MLA Mafatbhai Purohit lost the gram panchayat elections. Congress leaders also claimed that in Gandhinagar panchayat where elections to 90 gram panchayats had been held, the party's supporters had been elected to power in 87 gram panchayats, while BJP managed to hold on to power only in three.Meanwhile a BJP spokesperson without going into the figures has said that majority of the panchayats were bagged by the BJP supporters. He said in majority of the villages it was the Congress which had stopped the villages from opting to become samras villages.In Surat and Tapi districts too, where election for three and four gram panchayats were held, the Congress managed to come to power in all the seven gram panchayats.Congress leaders also claimed that of the 421 village panchayats that were declared as samras villages, 387 panchayats had Congress supporters coming to power even in samras panchayats. Of the 421 panchayats that were declared as samras panchayats (no elections), Mehsana district had 121 gram panchayats which were declared samras, followed by Patan with 81 panchayats, Bhavnagar 72 panchayats, Gandhinagar 18 gram panchayats and Amreli 17. Banaskantha and Kutch had 16 gram panchayats that were declared samras.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12715845", "title": "Dhoni chief patron of canvas cricket tourney", "text": "RANCHI: Team India skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni has agreed to be the chief patron of the All India Canvas Ball Cricket Tournament this year.The ninth edition of the four-day meet to be organized by Youth Sporting Cricket Club will be held from May 3. Altogether 16 teams from across the country will participate in the event. There is no entry fee. President of the organizing committee H D Sharan said, Dhoni had expressed willingness to be the chief patron and also to witness at least at the closing ceremony on May 6.\"Mahi has fond memories of the tournament and played in it in 2002. The helicopter shot which has become famous was devised by him during this tournamentto ensure maximum run off yorkers.\" tnnThe teams will be divided in two groups and the final will be played between the winners of each group on May 6. Talking about the prize money, he said this year the winning team will get a cash reward of Rs 3 lakh and the runners-up will get Rs 1.5 lakh. Man of the Series will get a motorbike. Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh said keeping in mind the past record of huge turnout during the tournament, necessary security arrangements will be made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12711679", "title": "Fishermen save 5 from drowning", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Despite saving three people from drowning in the Chaliyar River on Monday, Chalil Ramachandran, regrets that he could not save the life of 14-year-old Jasna.Ramachandran was talking at a function organized by the district administration here on Tuesday, in order to honor him. It was the timely intervention of Chalil Ramachandran and Suresh P that resulted in saving five people from drowning.A six member group, belonging three families from Olavanna in the district, were on a leisure trip when the accident took place at Chunkapalli ferry on Monday evening. It was Taslima (17) who fell into the river first. While trying to save her, Shamna(17) Fida(10), Beatrice (50), Rini (13) and Jasna also fell in to the river. Ramachandran and Suresh, both fishermen, swung into action after being informed about the accident by Fahad K V, eighth standard student of the EMS GHS Perumanna and Muneesh P V, eighth standard student of the Kuttikattor GHS. But they could not save Jasna.Later the fire force with the help of the local people carried out search for the missing girl, but in vain. Her body was recovered on Tuesday when the search was resumed.\"I saved three people but I feel sad for not being able to save Jasana, who tried to hold on to me while going down\", said Ramachandran. Jasna was a ninth standard student of Meenchanta R K Mission High School.District collector K V Mohnan Kumar who spoke on the occasion appreciated the efforts of Ramachandran and others who took part in the rescue operation.##Kozhikode: Despite saving three valuable lives from drowning in the Chaliyar River on Monday, Chalil Ramachandran, regrets that he could not save the life of 14-year old Jasna, daughter of Olavanna Palakkottu Thazamkayattiyil Mubarak.Ramachandran was talking in a function organized by the district administration here on Tuesday in order to honor him for taking initiative to save lives of five people. It was the timely intervention of Chalil Ramachandran and Suresh P that helped in saving five people, including children came to see the river.Ramachandran and Suresh saved lives of Shamna (17) and Fida (10), sisters of Jasna and Perumanna Paramamal Beatrice (50) and his daughter Rini (13) and Taslima (17). The accident took at Chunkapalli ferry by 4 pm on Monday while others trying to save Taslima, who first fell into the river.Ramachandran and Suresh, both fishermen, swung into action risking their lives after being informed by Fahad K V, eighth standard student of the EMS GHS Perumanna and Muneesh P V, eighth standard student of the Kuttikattor GHS.\"I saved three people but I feel sad for not being able to save Jasana, who tried to hold me while drowning.Jasna was ninth standard student of Meenchanta R K Mission High School.Speaking at the function district collector, K V Mohnan Kumar said, \"Ramachandran and his team set an example for the society by saving five lives from drowning and more lives can be saved if public come take initiatives when accidents happen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12711840", "title": "Despite midday meals Goa kids frail, says Human Resource Development", "text": "PANAJI: Of the over 1.50 lakh students served midday meals during the academic year 2011-12, 29% were found to be underweight, 21% were stunted and 1.59% suffered from severe anaemia. This was discovered by the Union human resource development (HRD) ministry's review of the midday meal scheme in Goa held in March 2012.The review also found that another 12% students were frail and enfeebled despite having consumed the midday meals being served under a central government scheme to provide the required nutrition to school children from Classes I to VIII.HRD officials discovered at the review meeting, held in New Delhi on March 27, that Goa's poor monitoring of the scheme since its implementation was the reason for the low quality of the meals served.Food poisoning cases related to midday meals in Goa have surfaced time and again, yet the state has not utilized a single rupee of the 25 lakh allotted by the center for 2011-12 for monitoring and evaluation of quality under the scheme.Goa's casual approach was exposed yet again this year at the HRD ministry's meeting to review the scheme's implementation. It was not only noted in the review that Goa's utilization of funds allotted for monitoring and evaluation of quality was 'nil', but that its state level steering-cum-monitoring committee (SSMC) became functional only during the 2011-12 academic year.Even though midday meals are being served in Goa since 2006, the SSMC in Goa remained virtually non-operational for most part.While the earlier committee under chairmanship of then chief minister Digambar Kamat had not met even once in two years of its formation, the new committee under the chief secretary met just once during the current academic year.During 2011-12, meals were served to 91,000 primary school students in 1,134 schools. The sanction was for 94,000 students in 1,139 schools. At the upper primary level, which is from Classes V to VIII, meals were served to 62,000 students in all the 425 upper primary schools in Goa, of the 70,000 who were entitled to receive the meals.The directorate of education (DoE) officials from Goa told HRD authorities that measures have been taken to improve the scheme's implementation by engaging 1,797 helpers from December 2011 to serve midday meals in schools so that teachers are not assigned the duty. Goa had a much higher sanction of 3,252 cooks-cum-helpers.DoE officials also said that the department appointed three deputy educational officers of the respective zone for grievance redressal. The HRD's review meeting found that action was taken in only one of the three complaints received over the scheme's implementation.The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India's report tabled in the Goa state assembly session held in March 2012, had warned about the poor quality of meals supplied in the state, which also did not meet the prescribed nutrition standards.\"Quantity of food grains served to children ranged from 79 to 95 grams in primary schools and 140 to 143 grams in upper primary schools, as against the prescribed quantity of 100 and 150 grams of food grains, indicating that the prescribed nutrition was not provided to the children,\" the CAG report stated.The CAG report also notes that only 11% of samples of the required quantity of 630 samples were collected for testing of quality. There was no check on the quality of food being supplied to students,\" the report warns. tnnInfographic91,000 primary students received low quality midday meals during the year 2011-12.Due to shortage of staff, Goa Home Science College has refused to accept food samples for analysis during 2010-1162,000 upper primary students received mealsState level monitoring committee met for the first time in 2011-12 since 200629% of students are underweight1.59% of students severally anaemic21% of students stunted", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12710360", "title": "Residents protest against 'yellow water'", "text": "JAIPUR: Residents of the Walled City took to the streets on Tuesday to protest against supply of yellow-coloured water to the area since the past few days.The crowd protested against the Public health and engineering department (PHED) authorities at the Khazanon walon ka raasta and even tried blocking the road.Mukesh Kumar, a Walled City resident, said, \"Children and women are forced to drink this water which could turn out to be harmful. We want clean and safe drinking water to be supplied to our houses.\"Areas like Shastri Nagar too are being supplied yellow-coloured water. \"I don't know why we are getting this kind of water. We are boiling the water before consuming it. The least we deserve is supply of safe drinking water to our houses,\" Kishan Chand, a resident of Shastri Nagar said.The PHED however, claimed that the water is fit for drinking as it is properly chlorinated before being supplied. \"We are chlorinating it (water) to ensure that it is safe for drinking,\" a PHED official said.In the wake of protests, the state government has constituted a two-member committee comprising chief engineer (administration) and chief chemist of PHED to look in the matter.Chief chemist Rakesh Mathur said the committee will present the report in seven days. The committee will investigate the reason behind the supply of yellow-coloured water and if it is safe for consumption. It will also try to estimate minimum time required to address the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12714292", "title": "Govt to crack down on illegal orphanages", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Social Welfare Department (SWD) is set to initiate a drive against unauthorized orphanages across the state. It will be based on the state government directive to register orphanages under the Juvenile Justice Act (JJ Act), 2006 to prevent child abuse.Social welfare minister M K Muneer told TOI that orphanages across the state should register under the JJ Act. It will ensure transparency and help streamline the functioning of these institutions, he said.SWD additional director Orphanage Control Board member secretary K K Mony said the department will see to it that orphanages are registered under JJ Act to ensure proper administration and child care. After registration under JJ Act, the children below six years will be placed in fondling homes, above 6 years in children's home, in foster care or adoption homes according to the interventional support required, he said.Inspection visits will be on and notice will be served to unauthorized orphanages to either register or close down, the SWD officials said. In case of detection of an unhealthy situation for inmates in an orphanage, it will face punitive action and the children there will be shifted to authorized orphanages, the officials said.\"Registration under the JJ Act will make orphanages comply, ensuring minimum standards of accommodation, food, infrastructure, human resources and health care of children up to 18 years. It will also ensure proper monitoring and periodic supervision by the Child Welfare Committee (CWC) reducing the lacunae and abusive situation in orphanages,\" said Fr. Phillip Parakkat, director of Childline Trivandrum.Then the abusers or culprits will be liable to face punitive action, he said.Earlier, orphanages across the state were registered under the Orphanages and Other Charitable Home Supervision and Control Act, 1960 (OSCA). Such orphanages had inmates of all age groups including children and elderly, infirm and mentally challenged. Later, the state government issued a directive to register orphanages under JJ Act to ensure that the children up till 18 years are accommodated in a separate home, ensuring all standards of child care.Government estimates point out 200 unauthorized orphanages in the state, while social agencies say that there are over 1,000 such unrecognized orphanages. Currently, over 1,000 private orphanages are registered under OSCA and 800 private orphanages registered under JJ Act.In addition, eight government run children's homes are functioning across the state and the inmates of these homes include orphans, destitute and children from broken homes.SWD officials say that most of the child abuse cases, including sexual abuse have been reported from unauthorized orphanages across the state, including the ones in Kasaragod and Malappuram. Now, more such unauthorized orphanages are sprouting up in these same places and private agencies are venturing into that, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12711074", "title": "CAG lens on KMC over midday meal scam", "text": "KOLKATA: The Kolkata Municipal Corporation is under scanner again.Audit queries from the Comptroller and Auditor General's (CAG) office has brought to fore the irregularities in rice stocks of almost 9093 quintals meant for midday meals. The rice was allotted to 240 KMC-run primary schools.ruffled a few feathers in the Kolkata Municipal Corporation. They relate to a scam in rice stocks meant for mid-day meals, allotted to 240 KMC-run primary schools in the city, a total 9093 quintals, that is more annoying that the usual leakage that citizens are aware of.An internal audit team, that made a surprise visit to the KMC godowns in January, recorded that 9093 quintals of rice was missing from there. A peek into the story of missing stocks hints at something more disturbing.According to the audit team, of the 9093 quintals, stocks of 3593.10 quintals worth Rs 33 lakh was either not entered in the register or later deleted from the file. The remaining 5500.06 quintals went missing from some pointat some point after the KMC-authorized transporter and distributor released the stock from the godown, a KMC social sector department official said.The audit wing has sent some strong and pertinent notes to the KMC asking the civic body to clarify its position since the midday meal scheme caters to 30,000-odd primary school students in the KMC-run primary schoolsin the city.Sources in the KMC education department said the civic body had 1879.04 quintals rice as on April 1, 2006 and it received 26079.21 quintals between April 2006 and December 2011. Of the total rice, including the opening balance, KMC distributed or utilized 17715.09 quintals. Though the godowns were supposed to have a stock of 10243.16 quintals as opening balance, during inspection only 1150 quintals were found. Of this, 450 quintals rice was found in bad condition.The KMC has been conducting the midday meal scheme , the national level programme of nutritional support to primary education for the civic body run primary schools across the cityin its schools since 2002. Sources said the civic body had authorized a transporter and distributor for procuring foodgrains from the godowns of Food Corporation of India and storing it in four godowns maintained by the KMC. However, scrutiny of records revealed that though the scheme began in 2002, KMC started maintaining the stock register only from August 2005.Accordingly, the KMC's internal audit wing sought a reply from the KMC social sector department over the scam. The audit wing wanted to know why the civic body didn't conduct a physical verification of stocks in the four KMC godowns. It also wanted the KMC's social sector department to state if it has conducted an inquiry into the alleged deletion of as much as 3593.10 quintals of rice from the stock register without authorization.This is not all. The audit team also wants the civic body to identify the officer concerned who authorized the transporter and distributor to dispose of 5500 quintals worth Rs 85 lakh.The CAG's office has sought explanation from KMC on its failure to maintain stocks between 2002 and 2005. The social sector department officials did not even consult mayor Sovan Chatterjee. \"This seems to be a vital issue. I will look into it,\" Chatterjee said. Sashi Panja, the mayor-in-council member overseeing the KMC education department is in the dark. Chief manager of the KMC education and social sector department Sabyasachi Dey said a reply would be sent to the resident audit officer which will clear the civic body's stance on the issue. \"We will send a reply to the audit officials narrating the facts and the action taken so far,\" Dey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12710489", "title": "Now, patrol teams for Gangapur Rd gets special patrol Gangapur Road", "text": "NASHIK: In light of growing incidences of burglary and house break-ins especially within the Gangapur Road area of the city, While briefing residents about preventive measures againt burglaries, the police commissionerate has decided to deploy a striking force to patrol localities in the area to curb its growing crime.The police, in addition to building awareness, are also going to keep a special vigil in and around the Gangapur area to prevent day time burglaries and break-ins. For this a special strike force of the commissionerate as well as personnel from the Sarkarwada and Gangapur police station.ACP Ganesh Shinde in his meeting with the residents appealed them to refrain from keeping huge cash in the house especially among the business community that may have pending financial deals and may therefore be keeping cash at home.The police patrol force will visit be patrolling the Gangapur Road area from 11am to 5pm daily. in a bid to prevent day time robberies. Over the past few months, there has been a tremendous rise in day time burglaries.Considering that the summer has set in and a large number of residents leave for summer vacations, the chances of burglaries are even higher and therefore the need for additional vigilance.During the past three months, i.e. from January to March 2012 as many as 129 house break-ins have been reported. Given the average of the past three months, and if crime continues to grow at the same rate, there would be 516 cases of break-ins at the end of 2012 -- 7% percent more than last year. 478 cases of break-ins were reported in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12715811", "title": "Trust seeks health insurance for families of domestic helps", "text": "RANCHI: Marsella Kujur of Gangutoli village in Simdega district saved Rs 82,000 from her earnings as a domestic help and took that home to repair the house where she lived with her brother. Some of that amount also helped in getting her brother admitted to college.Bibiyana, a tribal girl from Assam , worked at the residence of the former vice-chancellor of Sidhu Kanhu Murmu University. She, too, saved a handsome amount which helped her brother's children in getting admitted to schools. She returned for work because she found her brother's family in acute financial crunch. Another girl named Shanti saved nearly Rs 70, 000 to get her father treated and admitted her brother to college. Shanti decided to stay unmarried because she was not ready to leave the family's burden only on her younger brother's shoulders.The common thing about the above-mentioned girls has been their work profile and love for their brothers. They work as domestic help and help brothers get an established life. No wonder the coordinator of the Domestic Workers Welfare Trust, Sister Jemma, believes most of the tribal girls in Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh choose to work for their brothers. Running the trust here since 2001, she has identified nearly 1500 girls till date from different parts of the state, who have been working as domestic help for a paltry sum. She registered them with her trust and ensured that the masters pay them the minimum daily wages admissible by the state government. With nearly 150 girls currently registered with the trust, Sister Jemma is geared up to seek cooperation of the state welfare department in getting health insurance and BPL benefits for those girls' families. \"We have decided to convene a meeting of the trust by the end of this month in which officers of the state welfare department would be invited to see if the benefits of health insurance scheme could be extended to these working girls,\" she said.Jemma said, \"Hand-holding initiative to make them aware of their rights and the sense of being associated with a trust empowers them to a great extent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12709201", "title": "Male escorts and whistles: IIT-M's new safety plan", "text": "CHENNAI: Male escorts for night strolls on campus and a whistle to hoot - that's what women students of IIT-Madras can expect now.IIT-M administrators, who have mapped 'unsafe' zones, have proposed that women should not move around after 11pm without escorts, who will mostly be male student volunteers.What if the escort turns out to be a molester? Well, the student will have to carry a whistle which she has to blow in case of an emergency.The proposals, which have come after a series of animated discussions between the faculty and the students since last month on their morality and safety, have triggered reactio8ns that range from guffaws to frowns. \"It's laughable,\" said a student. Another wasn't so amused. \"The administration should make the so-called dangerous zones safe, not force girls to go with escorts. This is not a kindergarten,\" said PhD student.It's not just a large section of students who are opposed to the idea - the faculty, too, are divided. In a closed communication of emails, some teachers said it amounted to treating students like kids.Replying to one such mail, a senior faculty member labelled those advocating greater freedom for students as 'liberal morons'.IIT-M director Bhaskar Ramamurthi confirmed that all the proposals are under consideration to deal with the changing characteristics of the campus. \"The student population has doubled in the last few years. We are discussing measures to prevent possible sexual harassment of women students. We are also planning to restrict the use of internet in hostels as students tend to remain awake all night and wake up late. We cannot copy western models,\" he said.Women students have been advised not to go alone to these places: The road between Gajendra Circle and the Biotechnology block, Gajendra Circle to Sarayu Extension, 5th Cross Road, Lake View Road, Oat Road and Delhi Avenue.A senior teacher, defending the new norms, said there were more proposals to protect students on campus. \"The management will conduct street defence classes for students. We will also install more CCTV cameras and biometric access to some places to prevent theft, alcohol consumption and entry of outsiders in the hostels,\" he said.Teachers who oppose the new proposals said the management should increase patrolling to address the security issues. \"If the administration does not trust the sexual maturity and morality of students, it should hold open house discussions to thrash out issues. Leading international universities like Yale, Harvard and Brown organise similar programmes to ensure a healthy and democratic relationship among residential student communities,\" one of them said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12710658", "title": "Gauti makes hearts throb", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Gautam Gambhir is here and that has set many a heart aflutter. He is a player who holds several records and also has a huge fan following among girls. The news that Gautam Gambhir is in the city for the IPL clash between the Punjab and the Kolkata teams has only increased the excitement among his fans. People were seen waiting outside the hotel where Gauti is staying, just to get a glimpse of him.Gambhir, who is the captain of the Kolkata team reached Chandigarh on Monday and his team will take on the Punjab team at Mohali on Wednesday.\"I am a huge fan of Gauti's and his flamboyant approach on the field. What I like about him is that he is down to earth and has no starry airs. He is a simple person and that is his best quality,\" said Radhika Sharma, a BBA student, who is a resident of Sector 15.Last year when Gambhir tied the knot with a Delhi-based girl, there were many heartbreaks, and one among them was Preeti Sharma, a fashion designing student. Keen on meeting Gambhir she said, \"I don't watch cricket much but I have a huge crush on Gambhir. I watch cricket only because of him. I have specially bought tickets for the match so that I can see him and as the matches are being played in Mohali, so I didn't want to miss a chance to see him perform in front of me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12710943", "title": "Jewellers pin hopes on Akshaya Tritiya", "text": "HYDERABAD: Akshaya Tritiya could still be a week away but all that's glittering in Hyderabad already is gold. Hoardings announcing big deals, bigger discounts and not to mention freebies such as gold coins with big purchases, jewellers have let their purse strings loose hoping that they might just be able to lure the elusive customer to buy the yellow metal.Jewellers say that their business had a slow start this year with the recent strike in protest against excise duty on gold and the soaring gold rate, but hope that their many schemes for Akshaya Tritiya festival on April 24 would ensure some activity in their otherwise deserted stores. Though owners and managers have their hopes pinned on this festival which is believed to be auspicious for purchasing gold, old timers say that with sky high prices, it is highly unlikely that they will be able to recover their losses.The price of gold now is around Rs 28,000 per recovery 10 gram for 24 karat gold while last year at this time it was around Rs 22,000. But with all the festive offers for the upcoming festival and hoardings and ads about Akshaya Tritiya on every road, it is evident that stores are trying their best to capitalise on the festival despite the high price. Sirish Chandrashekhar, senior marketing manager, Tanishq said, \"We spend around Rs 15 crore to Rs 20 crore on advertising and marketing across the country in the April to June period, thanks to Akshaya Tritiya and the wedding season. This year the costs have gone up significantly from last year.\" Traders said that Hyderabad had become a big market almost on a par with Chennai if shopping patterns during the festival was any indicator.Speaking about the marketing and advertising costs of city stores, Nandlal Kedia, manager of MBS Jewellers Vikrampuri said, \"Each store here has easily spent at least Rs 30 lakh on advertising for Akshaya Tritiya this time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12710378", "title": "Inter electricity company sports event from April 19 Sports meet in city", "text": "NASHIK: The first state-level inter-electricity companies sports event among all three electricity companies is being held at Eklahara Colony from Thursday. The three-day sports meet extravaganza will see national-level players from the three companies pitted against one another in the three sports, disciplines - cricket, volley ball and kabaddi.Manik Waghmode, director (Operations) of Maharashtra State Power Generation Company Ltd will inaugurate the event which is being sports meetorganised by the Employees' Welfare Funds Committee for the first time. Underlining the importance of the sports meet, RR Bavaskar, deputy chief engineer, said that the funds - to which more than 80,000 employees and officers from all the three companies - generation (MSPGCL), distribution (MSEDCL) and transmission (MSETCL) contribute every month - is aimed to help employees financially, epecially in special situations where their children want to pursue further studies at international institutions, or when families need medical treatment during unforeseen emergencies and critical ailments. unforeseen at facilitating the wards of the employees who are looking to go abroad for higher education or encourage the wards for their outstanding achievements or even help the employees in case of critical ailments, has for the first time decided to organise the sports event.Though the events this year are limited to male employees only, the men only, its scope will widen in the future, officials said, scope of the same is likely to grow wider soon; the officials said adding that the event should see the participation of nearly 200 sportspersons during the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12711681", "title": "SBT keen to finance airport, harbour projects", "text": "KANNUR: The State Bank of Travancore (SBT), which is in an expansion mode in Kannur and Kasaragod, has evinced interest in lending loans to the upcoming Kannur airport project and Azhikkal harbour project. It is also willing to consider equity partnerships in these projects.\"Like any other commercial bank, we will provide loan to the consortium building the airport or seaport. Also if need arises, we would consider taking equity partnerships in these projects,\" said P Nanda Kumaran, managing director of SBT, on Tuesday.Since March 2011, the bank has opened nine new branches in the two districts. \"We plan to open at least 20 branches in Kannur and five in Kasaragod this financial year,\" said the SBT MD. According to him, the bank in the region has recorded a growth of Rs 360 crore in business in the last financial year.In the next 12 months, it plans to open another 100 branches in Kerala and other metro cities across the country. It already has a total of 887 branches. In Kerala, SBT will open at least one branch per village.In a move to attract NRI business, the bank has set up a representative office in Dubai. To enable instant money transactions for NRIs, it has also signed pacts with 34 money exchange firms in the Gulf. The bank is now in talks with eight affluent Malayalis, who have found a place in the top 30 wealthy people in the Gulf.To augment its gold loan and issuance of gold coins, the bank is planning to open more Gold Point branches in the two districts apart from the existing two.Under the financial inclusion plan, SBT has already adopted the business-to-consumer model with the Kudumbasree to cater to the financial needs of the public in Mayyil village. It is also planning to open a new branch there. SBT will soon start handling more treasury businesses in Kannur apart from the existing seven centres where treasury businesses are undertaken.Nanda Kumaran allayed the fears over financial recovery from students. \"In select cases, we start recovery only after a moratorium period of two years after course completion. However, this moratorium is not applicable for students who get placed in jobs immediately after the course,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12713754", "title": "Thousands stranded as Mumbai rail services disrupted by fire", "text": "MUMBAI: Thousands of commuters were stranded at the Central Railway (CR) stations after a midnight fire in a signal cabin.It will take three to four days to fully restore the traffic, a CR spokesperson said adding that services on the Harbour line were also hampered.Only 70 per cent of the normal suburban services would be operated today, he said, adding that 4 long distance trains coming from Pune and Manmad have been cancelled.\"There was a fire in the signal cabin between Kurla and Vidyavihar stations at midnight and there was heavy damage to signalling gears,\" the spokesperson said.The fire was brought under control within half an hour by fire brigade personnel.Trains services resumed partially at 3.30 am today, but the trains were running over half an hour late. Railways have allowed CR suburban commuters to use their season pass on the Mahim-Churchgate route on Western line, he said.Similarly, CR suburban commuters can board long distance trains at Kalyan and Kasara till CST using their pass, he added.Around 38 lakh people commute on the Central Railway suburban network daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12709769", "title": "Now, a smart card to travel across country", "text": "CHENNAI: From your home in Chennai to your hotel in New Delhi, you can pay for parking charges, railway ticket, and the ride on the taxi, all using a smart card. The smart card is named 'More,' which signifies the national bird peacock, and also the literal meaning in English of getting more using the same card.S K Lohia, national project director of Sustainable Urban Transport Project that comes under the Union ministry of urban development, met several transport agencies in the city on Tuesday. Representatives from Chennai Metro Rail, Southern Railway, Corporation of Chennai and the transport department met at the Metropolitan Transport Corporation office to discuss the challenges ahead in the implementation of the project. \"The biggest challenge is meeting of minds. All transport agencies have to be involved to get the project running in a year,\" said Lohia.The project will be completed in phases. It has been implemented in Jaipur. \"The idea is to take one step at a time. In Chennai, either the MTC or the metro rail may be the implementing agency,\" said Lohia.Infrastructure development will be shared between the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) and the state government. \"Similar to the funding pattern of JNNURM buses, in this project 35% of the expenses in Chennai will be borne by the Centre. In Madurai and Coimbatore, 50% will be borne by the central government,\" said an MTC official.The smart card in Jaipur, minus the tickets, costs Rs 65. A citizen can charge it according to his travel needs. \"It can work on the model of cards given by malls for entertainment and food courts. One can get the production cost of the card back once he returns it,\" said the official.Lohia said there was great potential for the system not only within the city but across states. \"Boundaries are lines drawn for administrative purposes. There is a lot of movement across states, especially between major cities,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12710832", "title": "Liquor scam: Anti-Corruption Bureau books 6 more cases", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths have registered six more cases with regard to fraud committed in auction of liquor shops in Srikakulam, East Godavari, Nellore, Chittoor, Kadapa and Kurnool.Of the 232 liquor shop licence holders in Srikakulam, 69 persons are from other districts and of the remaining 163 licencees, 99 persons possess white ration cards, the ACB said in an official release issued here on Tuesday.In East Godavari, of the 555 licence holders, 365 persons (66%) possess white ration cards and 43 persons are from outside the district.Of the 348 licence holders in Nellore, 151 (47%) have white ration cards and 26 hail from outside. Similarly in Chittoor, of the 458 licencees, 192 persons (49%) are white ration card holders and 64 are from other districts.In Kadapa, of the 269 licence holders, 175 (69%) possess white ration cards and 15 are outsiders. In Kurnool, of the 194 licencees, 121 (65%) possess white ration cards and nine hail from outside.ACB director-general (DG) D Bhoobathi Babu said in an official release that they were using white ration cards as a 'primary filter' only to initiate investigation into the liquor shop auction fraud. The DG said that the ultimate goal was to zero in on the king pins, who obtained licences in the name of gullible people to gain control over the trade.The DG appealed to the benamis not to buckle under pressure from 'fraudsters' and cooperate with the ACB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "12711933", "title": "Heroin worth Rs 100cr seized from smugglers", "text": "FEROZEPUR: In a major breakthrough, the Fazilka police seized 20 kg of heroin, worth Rs 100 crore in the international market, and arrested 2 inter-state smugglers, on Tuesday.While disclosing this, Nirmal Singh Dhillon, IG, Bhatinda zone said, acting on a tip-off that two prominent smugglers, including Nirveil Singh, a resident of Basti Kishen Singh in Ruknewala village under Ferozepur Sadar police station and Dilbagh Singh, a resident of Sto village in Sadar Patti police station under Tarn Taran district, had gone to Rajasthan to take delivery of the contraband, following which the Fazilka police laid a special naka near Hindumal Kot village, close to the Rajasthan border, during which 2 motorcycle- borne persons were caught with 20 kg of heroin. The recovered heroin, 20 packets of 1kg of heroin bear 4 star mark on it, manufactured in Afghanistan .The IG police informed that accused Nirveil Singh is a noted smuggler and a case for possessing 2 kg of heroin and fake Indian currency had already been registered against him. During preliminary investigation, accused Nirveil Singh confessed to have in contact with a Pakistani smuggler, Nadeem Master, to whom he had met during his imprisonment in the Ferozepur jail.A case under NDPS Act has been registered against the accused in the Fazilka Sadar police station and further investigations in the case were on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12711947", "title": "Jalandhar building collapse: Industry\u2019s \u2018exception\u2019 for jail to businessman", "text": "JALANDHAR: Nine killed and 60 injured, and still more feared trapped under the rubble - and yet, a section of industry leaders has taken strong exception to criminal case registered against industrialist Shital Vij whose factory was running in glaring violations of established rules.The Industry leader Sharad Aggarwal told TOI that industry was feeling very strongly about the criminal case registered against Vij. \"Reputation built over years is eroded in a day if an industrialist is jailed,\" he said, while arguing that \"industrialist should not be treated like a criminal and there was no offence committed by Vij. How could they book him for a non-bailable offence,\" he questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12712829", "title": "Captain of Korean ship faces arrest for crew member\u2019s death", "text": "MUMBAI: The Yellow Gate police are likely to arrest the Captain and chief officer of Korean ship Royal Diamond-7 on charge of causing death by negligence. A Korean worker, Mun Heyon Seak (56), had died in a gas explosion last month on board the merchant vessel. The ship, anchored 15 nautical miles from Mumbai, still contains over 8,000 tonnes of inflammable chemicals.Inspector M G Tope said the ship came to Mumbai on March 16 from Taiwan and was to go to Kandla port in Gujarat. \"There was an explosion on the ship on March 17. Three persons were injured in the blast. On March 24, another explosion took place on the ship. A Korean national was killed and six people, including three Indians, were injured,\" said Tope.Moreover, an Indian worker's leg was burnt and he was flung into the sea due to the gas discharge pressure. \"It's very dangerous to anchor a ship near the shore so we asked them to berth it farther from here. Now, it takes two hours to reach the ship,\" said Tope.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12710435", "title": "Exhibition on rare books begins", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With over 1,492 rarest of manuscripts and over 20,000 rare books, Panjab University's AC Joshi library hosted the first of its kind rare books collection exhibition in its premises on Tuesday.Drawing a good response from students, who were fascinated by historical value of some of the oldest scripts, the rarest book - \"Historie of the World' published by Adam Phillip, London, which is oldest rare book at PU published in 1634 was also displayed.This two-day exhibition on 'Manuscripts and Rare Books' was inaugurated by B S Brar, PU Dean University Instructions.The collection was diverse languages like Arabic, Persian, Devanagri, Gurmukhi, Sanskrit and Sharda dating back mostly to the period 17th and 18th century. The oldest manuscript in the Library \"Siraj-ul-Salikin\" dates back to 995 AD.\"The university has also started the process of digitalizing the rare books and manuscripts which will make the collection universally accessible and more useful,\" said Raj Kumar , the librarian.The two-day exhibition would continue on April 18 as well from 9am to 5pm at the first floor of PU's AC Joshi library.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12711145", "title": "No takers for Gujarat University registrar post", "text": "No senior teacher with over 10 years of experience is ready to become the acting registrar of GU university.The problem arose after a high court order directed that the GU recruit a permanent registrar in place of Minesh Shah who has been handling the twin charge of chief accounts officer as well as registrar for the past six years.However, as the university completes the procedure to facilitate the recruitment of a registrar, officials are finding that no senior teacher is ready to wear the crown of thorns.\"The position of registrar is highly administrative wherein his signature is required on every cheque, every marksheet that goes out of GU office. On the contrary, the salary is lower than the teaching staff. Most of the GU senior teachers are not ready to take up this challenge,\" said a GU official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12710856", "title": "Kin create ruckus", "text": "LUCKNOW: Patient care services at Gandhi ward of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University were stalled for more than two hours on Tuesday after two groups of attendant alleged negligence by doctors which led to the death of their dear one. The university administration however denied the allegation but stated that they may order a probe if the attendants lodged a written complaint.The matter relates to a patient named Lakshmi Prasad who was referred from Banda. The 32 year old man was suffering with jaundice and was admitted to Gandhi ward. The man however died at around noon. In sheer disbelief, the attendants stated that the doctor on duty didn't see him when he needed him the most. In retaliation, they started shouting and blaming the hospital staff for the death of their dear one.Almost at the same time, attendants of a patient from city's Raja Bazar area joined them. Their patient named Sadia Bano had also passed away. Together they tried to corner the medical staff on duty when the security persons rescued them. The security workers were joined by senior officials including chief medical superintendent, Prof SN Shankhwar. Consoling the attendant, Prof Shankhwar explained the attendants that the death of their patient was a result of several complications caused by the disease. It took the hospital authorities about an hour to resume normalcy.When asked to comment, Prof Shankhwar said: \"There was no negligence on the part of doctors. While Lakhsmi Prasad's death is linked to multi-organ dysfunction caused by tuberculosis of the lungs and jaundice, Sadia was suffering with septicemia which had severely affected her heart. However, if the attendants want, they can lodge a complaint with us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12717586", "title": "State's 4,000 petrol pumps to shut operations on April 23", "text": "INDORE: Over 4,000 petrol pump dealers across the state will shut their operations to observe a day-long symbolic strike on 23 April as part of the nation-wide strike call to press for their demand of increasing the dealership commission.Indore city, on an average, sells 2.5-3 lakh litre of petrol and 10-12 lakh litre of diesel through 80 petrol pumps on a daily basis.Talking to ToI, Sudhir Airen, secretary, MP Federation of Petroleum Dealers Association, said, \"As of now, we are getting dealership commission on the basis of sale of each litre from our respective oil companies at the rate of Rs 1.49 on petrol and Rs 0.91 on diesel. In percentage term, it comes to be at 2% of the value of petroleum products sold by us. Our demand is to make it to 5% and make it ad valorem so that whenever there is a rise in petrol or diesel, it will automatically increase our commission.\"The dealer commission was last revised by the oil companies in July last year.Some of the other demands raised by the petrol pump owners include introduction of charge for tyre service, which was free at the moment. The dealers want to keep it at par with the same service being provided by the other vendors. Moreover, they want to impose toilet usage charges at petrol pumps so as to get money for their maintenance.The petrol pump owners in the state are also planning to observe yet another day-long strike on May 5 against the introduction of value added tax (VAT) by the state government on the dealer commission that they get from their respective oil firms. It was proposed during the budget for the current fiscal by state finance minister Raghaoji in the House. If the state government turns a deaf year to their demand even after a day-long strike on May 5, they plan to go on an indefinite strike from May 11.Sudhir Airen, secretary, MP Federation of Petroleum Dealers Association said that as per the existing system, VAT is imposed only on the cost of production. \"The new system of taxation will make our survival difficult. We have suggested the state government to directly charge the same tax from our respective oil firms and they should not ask us to pay the same directly,\" he said adding that such type of system was already prevailing in other states like Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12716280", "title": "Govt fails to walk the talk on heritage project", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government's proposed \"heritage walk\" project in Bhubaneswar is hanging fire, even as a symbolic heritage walk is slated on the occasion of World Heritage Day on Wednesday.During last year's World Heritage Day celebrations, the tourism and culture department had announced to take tourists on a designated trail to explore temples and heritage sites in the Old Town area of the city.Sources said the state-run Odisha Tourism Development Corporation (OTDC) has identified two walk corridors (2.5 km each), consisting of a few tourist destinations. But the project is still stuck in limbo, for reasons best known to the authorities. \"The tourism department is still exploring the feasibility of the project. The trail was finalised and sent to the department for the final nod,\" an OTDC officer said. The tourism department had planned to start the walk tour around historical monuments in Old Town every second Saturday.Ekamra Van, Vaital shrine, Papanasini temple, Lingaraj temple, Devipadahara tank, Rajarani temple, Mukteswar, Parasuameswara, Swarnajaleswar, Kotitirtheswar and Ananta Basudev temple are some of the sites identified for the project. The project was aimed at promoting religious tourism in Bhubaneswar. \"Many lesser known temples and monuments are lying unexplored. It was just an attempt to promote them,\" the officer said.OTDC vehicles were supposed to take tourists to the originating point of the walk corridor. There was a proposal to collect Rs 50 from each tourist for the two-hour walk. Guide service was also proposed for the tourists. \"It was a good proposal to promote our heritage sites. Sadly, the government agency has sabotaged it. Where was the problem in executing the project?\" questioned Gopal Makadam, a priest of Lingaraj temple.Puri district administration had also thought of introducing a similar walk in the beach town. An Ahmedabad-based consultancy had prepared an action plan and identified a trail. However, the proposed project has made little headway. People accused the tourism and culture department of turning a blind eye to the dying heritage. \"The department failed to tap the rich tourism potential of the city. Many temples are lying in shambles. We do not see much action regarding this, except the standard rallies, the annual heritage walk, etc,\" said Prafulla Sarangi, a resident of Old Town area.\"We are in the process of creating documentation of the monuments of heritage importance in Bhubaneswar and other places. Steps are being taken to preserve the heritage sites. Rs 65 crore would be spent for conservation of 400 temples and monuments in the next four years,\" a culture department officer said, however, adding, \"Preservation of tangible monuments apart, we are also taking measures to sustain the intangible heritage like folk theatre, dance and music.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12715431", "title": "Reports about 3 are false, Rajini", "text": "Rajinikanth has issued a press statement denying that he has given word to the distributors that he would settle the losses sustained by them in distributing 3.The Superstar requested the distributors not to believe in such rumors as he is not connected with 3's business and collections. Interestingly, 3 marked Aishwarya Dhanush's directorial debut and had Dhanush and Shruti Haasan as the lead pair.There were reports that Rajini had called up the Telugu distributor Natty Kumar and gave word that he would compensate for the losses he had incurred just like he had done for Baba. These rumors are reportedly spread by mischief makers in the tinsel town.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12710274", "title": "MCD election results: Top guns fire, but for many elections are great leveller", "text": "The verdict is out and as the dust settles on the poll battlefield, there were smiles and heartbreaks across the political divide. While several heavyweights were victorious, others bit the dust.ALL SMILESRajni Abbi (BJP): Outgoing mayor Rajni Abbi is back with a bang. She managed to retain her Mukherjee Nagar seat despite dissent in the party over her candidature from a general seat when remaining three wards in Timarpur were reserved for women. She said MCD's commitment to development helped her win. \"We worked hard and brought transparency in MCD. Congress should now understand where it stands. This victory is just a trailer,\" Abbi said. There is already speculation the DU professor may get a second stint as mayor at North corporation.Subhash Arya (BJP): BJP heavyweight and three-time councillor Arya flashed the victory sign moments after counting was over. As party workers celebrated his win at the Rajouri Garden ward, Arya said he was confident BJP will sweep the polls.Amrita Dhawan (Cong): This former DUSU president gave Congress some reason to cheer after storming the BJP citadel of Vikas Puri after 15 years. Dhawan, 27, finally got her revenge after losing to BJP's Sarita Jindal in the 2007 civic elections. \"It's a victory of the people who wanted change,\" said Dhawan.Farhad Suri (Cong): Former mayor and Congress candidate from Nizamuddin came out unscathed despite a BJP wave sweeping the city. Farhad could be seen congratulating others for their win, including BJP leaders, even as he waited for the poll result from his own ward. \"I can speak for myself. I worked for my area and it worked for me,\" he said when asked about the party's rout in the elections.Yogender Chandolia (BJP): The result at Dev Nagar didn't surprise many. BJP was certain about sitting councillor and chairman of standing committee Yogender Chandolia's victory. But he decided not to celebrate till the last round of counting was over. \"I am happy people have voted for me and given our party a majority in North and East,\" said Chandolia. His rise in Delhi BJP has been meteoric. From a member of standing committee to chairman, standing committee, to a key member of the poll panel, Chandolia is seen as an important Dalit leader in BJP.Shobha Vijender Gupta (BJP): Clad in a beige sari, she walked out of the counting station with a smile after defeating Congress rival Monika Puri. \"I will focus on fighting crime against women and children in the city. We will also raise the issue of corruption by holding protests,\" she said.Meera Aggarwal (BJP): She fleeted in and out giving one interview or the other, while her supporters danced and celebrated. She says for her support came from voters who voted on transparency. \"In the last tenure we did a lot to bring in transperancy, by brining in biometric systems, e-governance for the public. I plan to continue doing so and also pay attention to the smaller requirements,\" she said. She also said unlike many victorious candidates she plans to stay in touch with voters by meeting them frequently.Kishan Pehlwan (INLD): Kishan Pehelwan has three criminal cases pending against him but that couldn't stop him from him defeating his rivals in Congress and BJP. In 2009, Kishan fought the MCD by-poll in Dhichaun Kalan from Tihar. Though his rivals claimed he had threatened people to vote for him, Pehelwan said people love him. \"I had expected I would win. My wife has also won in Dhichaun Kalan. Now it's celebration time,\" he said.Anju Meharwal (Cong): A high-profile candidate, Anju rode the popularity wave mainly because of her celebrity brother Virender Sehwag. She maintained a lead at Dakshinpuri Extension right from the word go. Later, she credited her victory to people's support and the campaign by her brother. Immediately after her win, she went to Kalka mandir to thank the diety. \"My focus will now be on working towards the development of my colony,\" she said.Nutan Kochar (Cong): She came, she saw and she left as fortunes fluctuated throughout the day. Kochchar, wife of senior Congress leader Jitender Kochchar, had a close fight with Nandini Sharma of BJP at the Hauz Rani ward. And it turned out to be a nail-biting finish. After she was declared winner, Kochchar, her husband and a host of supporters marched across the counting centre.SHOCKING DEFEATSJ K Sharma (Congress) Leader of opposition, MCD: A senior party member, he was upbeat in the morning when counting began but once he knew he had lost, he disappeared from the counting station and switched off his cellphone. \"Chief minister Sheila Dikshit is to be blamed for this loss of the party. People did not take the decision to trifurcate MCD in a positive spirit. I am very disappointed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12714124", "title": "An evening with Brahmakhyapa", "text": "Trippy beats, the ringing bassline and a voice that soared high, taking with it the collective spirits of all who had gathered at Someplace Else, The Park, on Saturday - this is how Brahmakhyapa's gig can be summed up, in short.If Malabika's voice was the bird then Sanjay's guitar with all that fret-slamming, producing out-of-this-world sounds, was the wind beneath its wings. Together, they gave baul gaan a whole new meaning under the arclights of this little pub, breaking the grammar and fusing it with rock and blues.If \"Moti ke Gourange biye de na\", got everyone in the mood for some serious headbanging, \"Tomay hrid majhare rakhibo\" brought out the mush and couples were seen clinging on to each other, singing aloud. \"Okay, that's enough of romance. Now it's time to get naughty,\" said Malabika before plunging headlong into the next number, called \"Shaper bish\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12709443", "title": "Tamil Nadu engineer eyes New York City Council seat", "text": "CHENNAI: The Vadukkachimathil hamlet in the southern district of Tirunelveli in Tamil Nadu , better known for its halwa and caste rivalry, is eagerly awaiting the outcome of the New York City council elections. They hardly stand to gain, but a victory for son of the soil, 36-year-old 'Hill' Krishnan alias Thirumalai ., who is contesting for a seat in the 51-member council of New York City, would be something for them to boast about. If Krishnan wins, it would be the first time that a South Asian would be elected to the council.\"I strongly believe the Americans will elect anyone who has the right policies. Race is not a problem here and the best example is American President Barack Obama . I am in the election fray, representing his Democratic party,\" an enthusiastic Krishnan told The Times of India over the phone from New York.A doctoral student of Boston University and an adjunct professor at New York University , Krishnan is in the race against two contenders for the Upper East Side seat in the council. About 12% of the five lakh population here are Indians and Krishnan is confident he has more than a winning chance. \"This city has the most diverse population. The council comprises all the minorities, including Africans, Americans, Jewish and Spanish Americans. But an Indian has never been elected so far. I want to change that,\" he said.Krishnan left for US in 2001 after graduating from the Guindy Engineering College in Chennai to pursue a masters in ergonomics and biomechanics at New York University. With little money to spare, he initially spent nights in the library on campus and used the college gym for showers. It was only when a friend of a friend offered a room in his apartment that he found accommodation. He managed to pay his way through by working part-time on campus. In the same period, he met his wife Debbie, who was also a student at the same university. \"Within a year we got married,\" said Thirumalai, who became Hill, after he found the locals struggling to pronounce his name.Krishnan had studied in his native village in Tirunelveli up to third standard. Then he moved to Coimbatore and later to Chennai, where he completed his mechanical engineering from Guindy Engineering College. \"My mom is a huge inspiration for me. She has been giving me moral support. I was a poor student in high school. It was my mother who motivated me and because of that I secured centum in higher secondary and also got a state rank. She continues to motivate me,\" said Hill.His proud mother, K Lakshmi, who resides in Chengalpet, said, \"I am always proud of my children, particularly Thirumalai. He has several talents. He dances well, he is good at script-writing and had won many state-level competitions during his college days. I strongly believe he will win the elections.\"Krishnan is now teaching in the global affairs department of New York University's School of Continuing and Professional Studies and has completed a PhD dissertation on international relations and science and technology policy. He took \"America's addiction to aeroplanes, automatic weapons and automatons\" as his thesis for his research. \"When I started reading biographies of Abraham Lincoln , Benjamin Franklin and Alexander Hamilton , I was inspired in public life. Mahatma Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru were also inspirations for me,\" said Hill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12715712", "title": "BlackBerry Curve 9220 launched in India @ Rs 10,990", "text": "Canadian smartphone maker Research In Motion on Wednesday launched its youth-oriented Curve 9220 in India.Priced at Rs 10,990, the latest Curve is an affordable low-end smartphone targeted at young consumers as against the enterprise BlackBerry consumers.The Curve 9220 is a basic, entry-level BlackBerry phone, however it will have to compete against a number of feature-rich Android touch-phones already available in the market in the same price bracket.But RIM officials are confident that Curve 9220's user interface, the BBM advantage and longer battery life will attract the young buyers to this model. RIM does not have any immediate plan of bundling the handset with data plans from various telecom operators.BlackBerry Curve 9220 features a 2.44-inch (320x240 pixels) TFT display with QWERTY keypad. Other specifications include a 2 megapixel camera, FM radio, Wi-Fi connectivity, expandable memory up to 32GB using a microSD card and a 2.44-inch QVGA display.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "meerut", "code": "12714647", "title": "Prisoners and officials clash in Meerut jail", "text": "MEERUT: At least a dozen people, including the jailer and deputy jailer, were on Wednesday injured at the Meerut jail here in a clash between prisoners and officials.Police had to resort to firing to bring the situation under control. Along with police officials, PAC and RAF jawans were also present on the spot.\"The clash began after some prisoners started beating the jail officials. The rioting prisoners also set ablaze the common mess using gas cylinders from the kitchen. We are trying to bring the situation under control,\" District Magistrate Vikas Gotalwal said adding that a judicial inquiry will be carried out.\"Those injured have been taken to the hospital,\" he said.According to sources, the prisoners were angry at the jail officials as the latter had beaten up one of them two days ago. Even yesterday, some visiting police officials had resorted to beating up some prisoners, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12710590", "title": "995 AD manuscript a part of rare book exhibition", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Giving an account of grammar used by Prophet Mohammed, a rare manuscript written in 995AD, which is a famous Persian dictionary, was the star attraction at Panjab University's rare book exhibition on Tuesday.This manuscript titled \"Siraj-al-Laghat\", written in Nastaliq script, is also among the oldest scripts available in the country. University officials had sought help of Persian scholars and foreign embassies for its translation in past. The manuscript was displayed for the first time for students and research scholars at PU.\"Although there are several rarest of books and manuscripts in our collection, this particular manuscript is special because of both its religious and archival significance. We approached scholars through foreign embassies and Persian educationists to translate contents for us,\" said Mrityunjay, in charge of the rare book section at PU's AC Joshi library. Another old manuscript \"Siraj-ul-Salikin' that dates back to 995AD has also been displayed at the exhibition.\"I have never seen such rare collection before and the manner in which they have been preserved. I feel such exhibitions must be held more frequently,\" Harkirat Singh, a student of anthology subject.Yet another attraction at the two-day exhibition was the first historical text of India-Rajtarangini, which is a tale of kings of Kashmir.\"The actual book was destroyed in a war, but this one is a re-print of 1933 and is an excellent reference for researchers working on Kashmir history,\" Mrityunjay added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12711745", "title": "Student held for abducting minor girl", "text": "PUNE: A first-year mechanical engineering student from Satara was arrested on Monday for allegedly kidnapping a 16-year-old girl for a ransom of Rs 1 lakh.Neeraj Rajkumar Babar (19) was on Tuesday remanded in police custody till April 20.Babar and the girl, who is a std XI student, allegedly got acquainted on a social networking site. The two decided to meet and, according to senior police inspector Sanjay Bhambure , Babar told the girl to come to Pulgate on April 15, from where they went to her uncle's residence on NIBM road in Kondhwa.Bhambure said Babar called up the girl's parents and demanded a ransom of Rs 1 lakh. The next day the girl got herself admitted at a private hospital at Fatimanagar, saying that she was ill.Bhambure said the police rushed to the hospital after receiving a tip-off from the doctor that a minor girl had been admitted and collected the cell phone number of the person who was with her when she was admitted. He said that Babar was arrested after the police checked out the calls made from his cell phone.The girl's mother had registered a complaint against an unidentified man after Babar had made the ransom call to her. A case of kidnapping a minor girl for ransom was registered against Babar under relevant sections of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12711356", "title": "Envoy Powell shares Obama vision of Indo-US ties", "text": "NEW DELHI: US ambassador-designate to India Nancy Powell said on Tuesday that she shared President Barack Obama's vision of India and the US together forming one of the ''definitive partnerships'' of 21st century. The 64-year-old career diplomat, who will take charge of her new assignment later this week, listed expansion of trade and defence ties as some of her priorities in a video message uploaded by the US Embassy on its Facebook page.Powell also mentioned cooperation in new areas and combating common global threats with enhanced mutual partnership as her key priorities, resolving to work for further strengthening the ties.\"The Americans and Indians who work at the embassies and consulates are engaged in promoting economic growth in both countries and expanding our defence relationship, addressing common global threats and encouraging cooperation that can benefit our countrymen and women,\" she said.\"I am impressed how much deeper and broader Indian-American relations have become and how much greater role India now plays in addressing world's challenges. At the same time the rock solid foundation of our relationship, our shared democratic values and respect for individual freedom have not changed,\" she said.Powell, who describes herself as an avid photographer, had served in the American Consulate in Kolkata and the US Embassy in New Delhi as a diplomat from 1992 to 1995. The US Senate had announced her name as ambassador to India in March. Obama's first ambassador to India, former congressman Timothy Roemer , had announced his resignation in April, 2011.Powell had previously served as the US envoy in Pakistan and Nepal , and holds the prestigious rank of career ambassador.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12714154", "title": "Rs 2L withdrawn fraudulently", "text": "BHOPAL: In two separate incidents, cash worth around Rs 2 lakh was fraudulently withdrawn from two ATMs in Ashoka Garden area. Cases were registered on Tuesday.In the first case, the police said, complainant Babulal had gone to withdraw cash from an ATM a month ago. But a youth already present at the ATM told him that the machine was not working. The complainant then went to another ATM and withdrew the money.However, recently the victim came to know that a sum of more than Rs 1.11 lakh has been withdrawn from his account from March 16 to April 4.Similarly, in another incident, unidentified person withdrew a sum of Rs 76,000 from the account of Om Prakash, a resident of the same area. When the sum was debited from Om Prakash's account in 5 transactions, he was in the possession of the card.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12711146", "title": "Fire beaks out at garbage dump yard", "text": "COIMBATORE: Helen Mary (55) of Mahalingapuram, which is adjacent to the 600-acre garbage dump yard of the corporation at Vellalore, was worried late on Tuesday night. Thick blankets of smoke continued to emanate from the yard where a major fire broke out in the late evening and was expected to rage for another 15 hours.The fire had spread over 25 acres and the winds in the area were making life difficult for the fire services personnel, corporation employees and a Rapid Action Force (RAF) team battling it. The corporation asked for four fire tenders but had to do with the services of one that came almost three hours after the fire broke.\"It is very difficult for residents of nearby areas due to the frequent incidents of fire at the yard, especially in summer. The corporation should look into this,' said Helen Mary, a chronic asthmatic.The corporation deployed seven water tankers and a water cannon mounted on a van from the RAF camp. Three earthmovers and a bulldozer were being used to clear the nearby heaps of garbage to prevent the fire from spreading further. The blaze reportedly broke out in a few of the heaps but soon spread.\"We were trying to douse the fire with the help of the water cannon and we only have a few water tankers. It would have helped had the fire tender been sent in time as they have pressurised water pumps,\" said an RAF man engaged in the operating.The flames, fanned by strong winds blowing in the area, could rage on till Wednesday evening, officials said. The smoke billowing from the yard is being blown towards Mahalingapuram, Kanjikonampalayam and nearby areas.\"The residents have constantly been demanding that the yard be shifted from Vellalore. The corporation is maintaining a laidback approach in the matter,\" said Kurichi Vellalore Pollution Prevention Action Committee secretary KS Mohan.Corporation commissioner TK Ponnusamy told TOI that steps had been taken to douse the fire at the earliest and a team of officials deployed at the spot to supervise the operations. He added that work on scientifically capping the garbage heaps in the yard would begin next week and be completed in 2-3 months.\"Once the project is finished there will not be any incidents of fire and other environmental dangers from the yard,\" said Ponnusamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12718024", "title": "Nayanthara, Trisha in a cold war", "text": "They say two beautiful women can never be friends , more so if they happen to be the most sought-after leading ladies in Tollywood. Insiders in the industry say that a cold war is brewing between the two leading ladies of south Indian cinema ever since Nayanathara announced her comeback in to acting. The two actresses being in the same age group are in contention for the same roles in films. That's not all. It is learned that the duo are competing with each other for brand endorsements as well. For now though Nayanatara seems to be winning the battle having bagged three big ticket productions. She has a film each with Gopichand, Rana and Nagarjuna in the pipeline. Trisha on the other hand is awaiting the release of NTR's \"Dammu\", besides which she has no films on hand.Source: 123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "12715124", "title": "Notice to schools collecting donations", "text": "DAVANAGERE: Deputy commissioner S S Pattana Shetty has directed DDPI B A Rajashekhar to issue show cause notices to private institutions which are collecting donations from people who come to admit their wards.The DC took this decision at a meeting with anti-donation committee members here on Tuesday.The members showed CDs, photographs and written statements as proofs to drive home their point.The DC promised the committee that stringent action will be taken against private schools and colleges which are collecting donations. The committee members B.M. Satish, Attigere Manjunth, M.S. Ramegowda, Alur Shivakumar, Parashuram, Karigar Manjunath and Somashekhar presented the evidences to the DC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12711393", "title": "Firemen assaulted after youth's suicide bid", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) officials was assaulted below Sardar Patel bridge at Jamalpur when a local youth jumped off the bridge and local residents blamed the firemen of slow action that caused his death. AFES officials later lodged a complaint with Gaekwad Haveli police station.According to AFES officials, they received a call at 11.40 pm on Monday that a youth had jumped off the bridge. A team of firemen from Jamalpur fire station was asked to reach the spot. However, as it was night, firemen took time to decide on the spot and start search operation.\"When they came out after half an hour saying that it is difficult to search the youth in the given circumstances, the crowd got enraged and blamed them that their negligence could cost the youth his life,\" said a police official.AFES officials said that they resumed the search operation on Tuesday morning and found body of Irfan Shaikh, 21, a resident of Panch Pipli area, from Sabarmati river's downstream.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12709595", "title": "Minor rescued from forced marriage", "text": "CHENNAI: A minor was rescued from being married this month to her uncle by her friends and the Pattabiram police.Police said Oviyam, 17, was living with her siblings and mother and her father was mentally ill. She was to be married on April 25th to her 32-year-old uncle, working in the Railways. On Monday, sensing that things were getting out of hand and the wedding preparations were on, she sent SMSes to all contacts on her mobile phone.Her friends went to the Pattabiram police, who roped in child welfare officers and spoke to her mother and took an assurance in writing that the girl will not be disturbed till she attains the age of 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12714948", "title": "Plea to attach properties of black-marketeers", "text": "KANPUR: The Collectorganj police, on Tuesday, urged the court to grant a notice of property attachment under Section 82 CrPC against nine persons, who were involved in black-marketing of wheat allotted for weaker sections of the society. Investigation officer Shashi Bhushan Mishra moved an application before the court of metropolitan magistrate VIII and submitted that court had already issued non-bailable warrant against the accused but they were evading arrest. To arrest them, proceedings under Section 82/83 CrPC were necessary. The magistrate heard the submission and reserved the order.A team of district civil supply department had raided the Singhara Mandi in Collectorganj on March 31.They had caught the traders storing wheat released for weaker sections of society through fare price ration shops. The team had sealed two godowns in which around 1,000 bags of ration wheat was stored .Earlier, the raiding team had seized two loaders carrying 50 bags of wheat. The traders had attacked the civil supplies team and got the vehicles released from the raiding team. The Collectorganj police saved the team.District supply officer Brijendra Yadav and others had opened the seal godowns owned by Kishan Sahu and Pradeep Kumar Rathore and found that no wheat bags. When they had sealed the godowns, there were around 1,000 bags of wheat allotted to fare price shops.The team had charged that owners of godowns Rajendra Shukla and Abhishek Gupta had removed the entire stock after displacing a roof sheet and making a hole in the wall of the godown. District supply officer Akhilesh Mishra reported the matter to the district magistrate later.The civil supply department lodged a complaint against Rajendra Shukla, Badri Prasad, Pradeep Rathore, Kishan Sahu, Abhishek Sahu, and owner and driver of two loaders and charged them under Essential Commodity Act, cheating, destroying the evidence and causing hurdle in performing government duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12710874", "title": "'Congress needs a shot in the arm'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Union minister Vayalar Ravi , who came to Hyderabad as the emissary of party president Sonia Gandhi to prepare the party for bypolls, admitted on Tuesday that the Congress in the state is in need of 'rejuvenation from grassroots level'. He, however, denied the reports of migration of party workers to Jagan's YSR Congress.The Congress veteran from Kerala, who is also the Union minister for overseas affairs, arrived here on Monday night on a three-day visit in the backdrop of reports of serious differences between chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy and PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana on one side and the CM and his deputy C Damodar Raja Narasimha on the other. Apart from ironing out the differences among these leaders, Ravi's mission was to pacify leaders, including health minister D L Ravindra Reddy and Rajampet MP A Sai Pratap, who are keeping away from the bypoll campaign. Party sources said the primary task of Ravi's visit was to check whether the present leadership can take the party along in the bypolls as well as in 2014 elections.Talking to the media on Tuesday, Ravi, accompanied by the PCC president, tried to present a rosy picture of the party. \"The party is intact. There are no differences between the CM and the PCC president. Nobody had complained to him of any differences,\" he said, and refused to talk on the issue of disowning the legacy of YSR. \"YSR was my friend. I am not supposed to talk to the media about the charges levelled against him,\" he said.On the possible change of guard in the state, he said it was not an issue before the party. \"The purpose of my visit is to ensure that the party wins the upcoming bypolls,\" he said.Many of the leaders who met him at Gandhi Bhavan opined that the party and the government were in a bad condition. Chief minister's baiters such as V Hanumantha Rao, J C Diwakar Reddy, Gade Venkata Reddy were told by Ravi that he would hold separate meetings with them. Health minister (104 and 108 services) Kondru Murali is said to have told the high command's emissary that no change of leadership in the state was necessary.Hanumantha Rao said Ravi's visit was an occasion for free expression of their views on the state leadership. Those who met Ravi on Tuesday, included Raja Narasimha, ministers Sailaja Nath, Ponnala Lakshmaiah, Danam Nagender, K Murali, former MP D Vittal Rao, former MLC Kamalakar Rao, general secretary D Niranjan, intellectual cell chairperson Syam Mohan and senior leader G Narasimha Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12711944", "title": "'Is there no end to this madness?'", "text": "BANGALORE: Students, at least those in 2nd PUC in Karnataka, are beginning to feel there's a jinx at work. The evaluation strike by 15,000 lecturers, which was finally called off on Monday, and an unprepared state government has unleashed chaos in the lives of nearly 6 lakh students.The next two months will be traumatic not just for these students but parents too. The lecturers' strike has not just resulted in PU results being delayed and CET being postponed but the entire academic schedule of degree colleges has taken a hit.Some questions troubling them* What are the application and admission deadlines for most degree colleges?* Will colleges also move their joining date as many students will have to wait for revaluation?* What about students who have written supplementary examinations?* Won't our choices for subjects be less now?* Will there be enough seats available for preferred courses?There aren't too many answers forthcoming.\"I have applied for BCom and BBM courses in some colleges. When I collected the application form a couple of weeks ago, I was told to submit it after my results are out, which was on April 26. Now that the results will be declared late, I'm clueless how the colleges will respond to this situation. Students from CBSE / ISCE schools will have an upper hand,\" said Suveer J Ahuja of Christ Junior College.Many colleges offering the BA / BSc / BCom course are reworking their academic calendar for admissions. \"Officially, June 6 is the date to get started with the academic year. But due to the delay in declaration of PU results, we'll consider moving it to a later date, maybe by a fortnight. This mess is going to affect us all, no doubt about it,\" said Anuradha KS, principal, Maharani Lakshmi Ammani College.Colleges also say that since admissions to BSc courses are taken directly and there aren't enough takers, it is mainly students opting for courses like BCom, BBA and BCA who will face the brunt. \"Since there is less demand for BSc, we take students as and when they walk in through direct interviews. We come up with the merit list for BCom, BBA and BCA courses and the delay is expected at this juncture. But we will start giving away application forms for these courses only after PU results are declared,\" said N Satyananda, principal, Vidya College in Fraser Town.For colleges, it's also about rushing through the syllabus. \"There will be a delay in semesters, but there will be no effect on following semesters. Students who join late will have a problem. Those who come to us after CET results will have problems in choosing courses, as there's high demand for BBM and BCA courses,\" said Vadiraj Manvi, head of department (physics), Maharani Lakshmi Ammani College.Engg college holidaysEngineering colleges are also mulling over the next step because CET has been postponed by almost a month. \"Ours is an engineering college, so it's not the PU results but the postponement of CET that will affect us more. Although the CET result may still be on time, in case of any delay, we can cut short the vacation students get between their first and second semester to cover up lost time,\" said TN Srinivasa, principal, AMC Engineering College.BU sets Aug 20 as admission process deadlineColleges also feel a lot depends on the admission deadline announced by Bangalore University. \"We have announced August 20, 2012 as the deadline for admission to degree colleges in BU. But if there is a demand to push it back, we'll certainly look into it,\" said N Prabhu Dev, vice-chancellor, Bangalore University.STUDENTSPEAKThe battle between the government and PU lecturers has put a lot of pressure on us. First, it was the series of question papers leaks followed by the boycott of valuation and now the CET being postponed. I'm confused if I should prepare for CET or be worried about my II PU result. Hope lecturerers / valuators don't vent their frustration while correcting our answer scripts,Chaitra RD | Mount Carmel College.It's frustrating. I've preparing for CET from some time and was all set to write it. I enrolled myself for CET preparation classes and wanted to be done with the examination before facing AIEEE. Now all I will be doing is going back and forth between the CET syllabus and study material for AIEEE.Vismaya Mohan | Vidya Mandir PU CollegeIs there no end to this madness? Why are students made to suffer? It's sad that teachers are doing this to us. Though we get more time to prepare for CET, it hardly helps because it has created so much tension in between. All of us want to keep our books aside and enjoy for a while, but this drama seems to be never-ending.Vinay Krishna | Vidya Mandir PU CollegeI'm planning to shift to Commerce stream so the delay in CET doesn't bother me. To me, the delay in PU result is terrible. I'm worried about the admission process in degree colleges and with this delay, ISC students will have an upper hand.Suveer J Ahuja | Christ Junior CollegeNow I know that nobody is bothered about us. Lecturers, who went on strike, should explain to us what we should do next and how to go about it. I had drawn up a plan to prepare for different examinations, including the AIEEE, but now it's all so hazy. All thanks to the PU board and our teachers.Likitha Satish | Vidya Mandir PU CollegeUnlike many of my friends , I'm not at all that worried about the delay in CET. I'll be getting more time to prepare for it. On the contrary, I'm quite relieved. It's sad that the entire academic schedule has been thrown out of gear this year. It will affect several entrance tests.Akshitha Sudarshan | Mount Carmel College(Inputs by Mandrita Bose and Pallavi Manoj)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710214", "title": "People angry with Congress: Nitin Gadkari", "text": "NEW DELHI: Buoyed by the results in the Delhi civic elections, BJP chief Nitin Gadkari himself addressed the media on Tuesday to instill confidence among party workers demoralized since the recent hiding in the Uttar Pradesh polls.In an attempt to lift party workers' sprits, Gadkari credited BJP's \"good work for the Delhi municipality\" for which people re-elected it for another term. He, however, acknowledged that the victory was essentially a reflection of the nationwide anti-Congress mood.The Delhi results prove that BJP had emerged as a strong alternative to the \"corrupt\" Congress, Gadkari said, when the results had actually saved the day for the saffron outfit's top leadership that held a meeting with the RSS top rung later in the day. With the focus at the meeting being the party's prospects and preparations for the 2014 Lok Sabha polls, the Delhi victory surely boosted the confidence of Gadkari and his colleagues.The victory in the Delhi civic polls is a result of BJP's good governance and a clear indicator of the anti-Congress mood prevalent in the capital, the BJP chief told reporters here. \"Through these elections, people have given vent to their anger against the misrule of the Congress government, price rise and corruption,\" Gadkari said, regaining some of his own confidence that had been shaken after the UP polls. Delhi BJP chief Vijender Gupta and senior leaders M Venkaiah Naidu and Vijay Goel were by his side at the party headquarters on Tuesday.Linking the civic poll results to BJP's victories in Punjab and Goa assemblies and in the recent Mumbai municipal polls, Gadkari said, the Delhi victory had strengthened the anti-Congress sentiment. He said he was confident that it would continue in the coming elections to the assembly and the Lok Sabha.Taking a dig at Congress and other parties, Gadkari said, BJP is a democratic party and not a \"private-limited, public-limited party or a father-son or mother-son party\".\"Delhi is the heart of India and the election results are an indicator of the mood of the nation,\" Gadkari said, admitting that the poll results have boosted the morale of the party that will work hard to emerge as a strong alternative to Congress in states and at the Centre.That the results were more of a statement against the ruling Congress was clear from the fact that BJP had emerged victorious in the East Delhi municipality, from where CM Shiela Dikhshit's son is an MP, Gadkari said. He added that the Commonwealth Games were held in east Delhi, which also turned out to be a reminder to the people about the scams and the corruption that came up with it and went against Congress.On the impact of the Anna Hazare factor in Delhi's unusually high voter turnout, Gadkari said there were political and non-political movements which contributed to it, but the big message was people's anger against the Congress government here and at the Centre. The anger in people is mostly because of price rise and the number corruption charges against the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12712010", "title": "It\u2019s official: Beauty lies in the eyes of beholder", "text": "WASHINGTON: It's often said that beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder. Now, a new research has confirmed the old adage, as it found that aesthetic judgements for work of arts are highly individual.Researchers at New York University found that witnessing a work of art activates the same part of everyone's brain, but part of the brain activated by such strong aesthetic appeal is linked with personal reflection, LiveScience reported.In the study, the researchers showed a group of study subjects about 109 images of works of art from a variety of cultures, historical periods, styles and depicting a variety of subjects.Using functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI), they monitored blood flow in the subjects' brains as they viewed the images and rated them on a scale of 1 to 4 scale, with 4 as the highest, in response to the question: \"How strongly does this painting move you? Your job is to give your gut-level response, based on how much you find the painting beautiful, compelling, or powerful.\" the team instructed.To explore individual differences after the brain scan, the researchers asked subjects to rate the degree to which each work of art evoked nine emotions: joy, pleasure, sadness, confusion , awe, fear, disgust, beauty and the sublime.\"Aesthetic judgements for paintings are highly individual, in that paintings experienced as moving differ widely across people,\" the team wrote in the journal Frontiers in Human Neuroscience.The brain scans offered insight into the origin of the aesthetic experience. If a painting merited a 4, distinct patterns emerged in the scans. These included an increase in activity in regions of the brain in the \"default mode network,\" a network of areas associated with inward contemplation and self-assessment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12711974", "title": "The ride of their lives!", "text": "NAGPUR: She is used to flying a plane daily as a pilot for the Australian Customs department, but in India 35 year-old Belinda Carty seems equally comfortable riding an autorickshaw.\"Initially it was a bit unnerving to ride a vehicle which is open from almost all sides, but now I have got a hang of it,\" said Carty.She and her colleagues, Andrew Morgan and Damien Smith, are part of an autorickshaw race from Kochi to Shillong organized to raise funds for a charity.Being colleagues and almost of the same age group, the three were excited to join the adventure race in a country of which they had only heard of. Morgan, said, \"One day on TV I saw this advertisement about a autorickshaw race to be held in India. I thought doing something crazy like this, along with the satisfaction of helping a charity which works to alleviate water shortage in India, sounded perfect.\" Within minutes, Morgan was on the phone asking his colleagues to join and surprisingly, no one gave it a second thought.Smith, said, \"I am 39 years old and have never travelled abroad hence people told me that going to India for my maiden trip did not sound like a wise idea. But I had absolutely no hesitation in making up my mind, and I am glad I came. We got our international driving licences made and landed in India in the first week of April.\"Once in India they were allotted an autorickshaw by the organizers and the experience ever since has been exhilarating so far. Carty, said, \"We left Kochi on April 8 but have fallen way behind the schedule as our auto has been giving us major problems. It has broken down five times till Nagpur and it is an uphill task to reach Shillong by this Sunday. But we will give it our best shot and are trying to chart the shortest route up there.\"But neither of the three grudge about the frequent breakdowns with their autorickshaw, calling it a 'blessing in disguise'. Morgan, said, \"We were in Nagpur when our spotlights failed along with another small problem. We were on the road when a gentleman called Purvesh Patel walked up to us and offered help.\" Within an hour they were with auto enthusiast Shahrukh Cassad who helped the trio to get their vehicle fixed.\"Cassad took us for dinner, even arranged a trip to the Tadoba Tiger Reserve but it was closed. We would not have got a chance to experience this hospitality of Nagpurians if our autorickshaw had not broken down. Indians are warm hearted and generous people who have welcomed us as one of their own,\" said Carty. The trio is scheduled to depart on Tuesday evening for Raipur which is the next leg of their journey.Last week, a group of four friends from Netherlands had passed through Nagpur while on their way to Shillong as part of the same race. Speaking to TOI about the journey, participant Suzan said that Nagpur was one of the better places along their route. \"Nagpur is very quiet, cleaner and more relaxed than other places we visited during the journey and we are looking forward to an adventure in the city,\" she said.The race is organized by 'The Adventurists', a UK-based adventure company and to participate, the team members must collectively raise a minimum of 1,000 pounds. All the proceeds go to an organization called Frank Water which focuses on setting up fresh water stations in parts of India which have no access to clean, safe drinking water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12713780", "title": "I'm choosy about my roles: Sonu Sood", "text": "Actor Sonu Sood's will be next seen in Maximum and Shootout At Wadala, and both the films are based on real life stories.Ask the actor if it's a trend to make films on real life incidents these days and he says, \"I won't say it's a trend, but when you research about a real life incident and turn it into a film, it becomes very exciting, specially playing the characters which exist or are a part of history. Moreover, it's a great challenge and gives you a great high to do something you have heard and read about.That might be a reason why people are getting inclined towards making films based on real characters. So, how easy or difficult it is to portray real life characters than the characters that are imaginary? \"It's not at all easy because people have read about them, know them and met them. So you have to have an extra talent to play a role which people know about. There has to be a conviction in your portrayal and if it doesn't come out well, it's of no use. Thus, I read lot many books about characters I'm playing. Also I saw films on them and I'm sure people would somehow relate to them,\" Sonu says .We have seen Sonu doing more of serious roles. To this he says, \"I always hunt for scripts that excite me as an actor, whether it's on real life or an action packed one. As an actor, I accept scripts which are good. I did Dabangg because it excited me. I'm trying to choose the roles which are not very common and something that can entertainment people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12711181", "title": "Vadavalli residents stage 'road roko,' disperse after promises from officials", "text": "COIMBATORE: As many as 200 residents of Vadavalli locality staged a 'road roko' on the Thondamuthur-Vadavalli route on Tuesday morning, demanding proper drinking water supply among regular clearance of garbage among other issues in the area. The protesters, including women , assembled near the Kamatchiamman Koil around 10 am and squatted on the road with empty plastic pots. They dispersed after corporation officials and police promised to resolve all grievances, starting with the issue of water shortage, in the next 15 days.\"The main demand was for drinking water in Vadavalli which now receives supply once in 15 days. Corporation officials have promised to take immediate steps to ensure proper supply,\" said Kuppusamy, former councillor and husband of councillor K Kumutham.The protesters raised slogans against the city corporation and alleged that most streetlights in the area were not functioning properly and that the door-to-door garbage collection was not regular. Vadavalli, a town panchayat, was recently included in the Coimbatore Corporation. The protesters claimed they did not face such a severe shortage of water and basic amenities before the merger.\"A lot of proposals were approved recently for improving basic facilities in the newly-added areas and the corporation is taking up these issues in a phased manner,' said a senior corporation official.A team of police arrived at the protest site on getting the information. \"The people dispersed after being told their grievances would be sorted out soon,\" said Vadavalli inspector K Mani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12710766", "title": "Boy commits suicide", "text": "PATNA: A Class IX student, Aniket Kumar (15), committed suicide by hanging himself with the ceiling fan of his rented room at Panchkauri Sao Lane in east Lohanipur locality under Kadamkuan police station late on Monday night. He was living with his elder brother here and was studying in a Buddha Colony based-school.Kadamkuan police station SHO Vinay Ram said Kumar and his brother had gone to their village at Ramgarh in Jharkhand. Kumar returned back alone on Sunday while his brother stayed back.The SHO said when Kumar did not open his room late on Monday morning, his landlord, Omprakash, grew suspicious and knocked at the door. When Kumar did not open the room, he peeped inside the room through the ventilator and saw Kumar hanging from the ceiling fan. The landlord informed the police, who broke open the door.The SHO said the police found a suicide note in the room in which Kumar had written, \"I wanted to end my life without any pressure. I love everyone and would miss all. I would take reborn again and no one is responsible for my death.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12709737", "title": "Fierce competition leads to rise in exam malpractices", "text": "CHENNAI: In Tamil Nadu, a lot of importance is attached to scoring high marks in the board exams. The competition is so fierce that parents, students and even teachers leave no stone unturned to help their wards get that one mark more than their peers, sometimes resulting in incidents of malpractice.The case of a school in Tiruvannamalai abetting malpractice by students illustrates this unhealthy competition. There are strict rules, both formal and unwritten, to avoid incidents of students engaging in malpractices during exams. Students are prevented from wearing belts and shoes to the exam hall.\"These are not put down in black and white, but are left to the discretion of the exam centre or hall superintendent. The government arranges for flying squads and surprise inspections by officials, but at the end of the day it boils down to the moral responsibility of the invigilator or school correspondent. And many slip, as too much depends on marks these days,\" said a private school correspondent, who declined to be named.At a meeting of educational officers ahead of the exams, school education minister N R Sivapathi urged them to ensure that cases of malpractice that had happened earlier were not repeated. Still, observers say, some schools know ways to ensure officials turn a blind eye to questionable practices adopted by them.The evaluation of Class 12 board exam answer scripts is on and education department officials are held up at these centres, grounding the flying squads and allowing some schools 'a free run'. A retired district educational officer said that usually Class 12 exams are given more importance as it is state policy to determine admission to a professional course based on a student's marks in the class 12 boards.Soon after question hour in the assembly on Tuesday, an MLA wondered whether the department authorities were hand in glove with the school management. Some said the MLA was not far off the mark. Observers say this year's Class 10 results are of great importance to the government, as this is the first year of AIADMK government and it will be eager to get a better pass percentage than the previous government. Department officials disagree: \"Any government would choose to conduct an event-free exam session over good results,\" said an official in the directorate of government examinations.Responding to queries in the assembly, minister Sivapathi said seven individuals were suspended after Monday's incident and they were considering whether to take further action against the school. \"There are 5.5 lakh teachers in the state. The government is taking action against the few who make such mistakes,\" he said.Shocked at the manner in which marks are pursued, some academics say the attitude of parents has also changed. A few days ago, a school correspondent said, some parents told him their students were treated unfairly. Even as he was wondering whether his teachers were not carrying out their duties properly, the parents explained that while some schools in the area allowed their children to copy \"ours didn't.\" \"I was appalled that something like this should come from a parent. I was able to convince three of them that this was not the way to go. One remained unconvinced,\" the correspondent said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12709698", "title": "Court allows Stalin to keep his MLA office", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Corporation's bid to take back the MLA office premises allotted to M K Stalin, former deputy chief minister and the MLA representing Kolathur constituency, has been set aside by the Madras high court .If Chennai Corporation wants to establish a school at the location allotted to Stalin, it should allot him an alternative building after getting Stalin's consent and assessing the convenience and suitability of the place to serve as an MLA office, the court said.Justice V Ramasubramanian, concurring with the submissions of Stalin's counsel N Jothi, said: \"...It is clear that the attempt of the respondents (municipal administration secretary and the corporation commissioner) to recover possession of the building from the petitioner (Stalin) without due process of law, especially when all the other representatives have been allotted places, is arbitrary and unfair...When the (corporation) resolution on June 29, 2011 shows that a majority of the elected representatives of the 16 constituencies coming within the corporation limits have been allotted places and their buildings also constructed by the public works department, the authorities cannot single out Stalin for a different treatment.\"Chennai city has 16 assembly segments, and the corporation had built office premises for eight of them. As for others, including Stalin, the corporation council adopted a resolution on June 29, 2011 favouring allotment of an office space. On August 29, 2011 the corporation council reconfirmed the allotment to Stalin. Thereafter, the government issued an order on November 8, 2011 cancelling the first resolution allotting the Kolathur space to Stalin. In his present petition, Stalin has challenged an agenda to be placed before the corporation to cancel the allotment, and the government order canceling the earlier resolution of the corporation.Justice Ramasubramanian, upholding the validity of the resolution, said it was not passed in excess of powers conferred under the Madras City Municipal Corporation Act. Also, there is no allegation that the resolution allotting the office space would adversely affect the financial stability or credit of the corporation or the efficiency of the municipal administration as a whole. Neither an open space reserved for public purpose was allotted to Stalin, nor did he construct a building there nor an existing building was converted big way spoiling the infrastructure available there, the judge said.As for the submissions that a campus was to be used for a school as directed by the high court, Justice Ramasubramanian said there was no explanation why the impleading petitioner - Jawahar Nagar Education Society - kept quiet for 11 years though the court order favouring a school building there was delivered in January 2001 whereas Stalin was allotted the space only in June 2011.Doubting the intentions of the society to become an impleading petitioner, the judge said the 1987 case which resulted in a court order favouring construction of school buildings at the site was initiated by the Perambur Cooperative Building Society, whereas the Jawahar Nagar Education Society was registered in 2002 only. Hence the latter does not have the locus standi to maintain the writ plea, the judge ruled. He then set aside both the proposed agenda before the corporation council to recall its earlier allotment resolution and the impugned government order canceling the resolution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710319", "title": "Sunita mourns after win, jailbird retains seat", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress candidate Sunita Chaudhary's victory in Timarpur ward and the news of her father-in-law's death came at the same time on Tuesday.She was at the counting station waiting for the poll results when she was informed that her father-in-law and sitting councillor, Chaudhary Surender Singh, was no more. She had won, but her mentor was no longer there to see her victory. Singh had been admitted to a hospital for a long time and he suffered a heart attack.Sunita was contesting in MCD polls for the first time. Her father-in-law was the sitting councillor from Timarpur ward butthe seat got reserved for a woman this time. Chaudhary chose to field Sunita from his seat and managed to secure a ticket for her. He had actively campaigned for Sunita before his health deteriorated. Sunita was in no condition to comment.Meanwhile, sitting BJP councillor who was arrested for allegedly murdering a rival party worker last week has retained his seat in the MCD.Prasad, who was granted four days' interim bail by a Delhi court on Friday, won the Sangam Park ward by defeating his Congress rival. The councillor was arrested for the murder of Jai Prakash Yadav who was a ticket aspirant for the Sangam Park ward from where he was contesting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12711010", "title": "Special Investigation Team too challenges acquittal of 31 persons in Sardarpura case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After the state government challenged the acquittal order in the Sardarpura massacre case, the Supreme Court-appointed SIT has also followed suit, challenging the special court's decision before Gujarat high court.On November 9, designated judge S C Srivastava in Mehsana convicted 31 to life imprisonment, exonerated 11 persons for want of evidence against them, while letting go of 31 others by giving them benefit of doubt. Thirty-three persons were killed in this post-Godhra rioting incident in the north Gujarat village on March 1, 2002.The state government as well as the SIT has not questioned the special court's order in connection with those 11 persons, who were acquitted for complete lack of evidence against them.Like the state government, the SIT has also not sought enhancement in punishment for 31 convicts, who have been condemned to life imprisonment. In another case of 2002 riots - the Godhra carnage case - the SIT has sought death penalty against 20 persons, who were convicted to life imprisonment by a special court last year.Meanwhile, some of the victims in the Sardarpura case have also challenged the trial court's order of acquittal, but their plea was limited to the case of 14 accused persons. They claim that there was evidence against those 14 persons, yet they were acquitted.The government had sought the HC pardon for the delay in filing appeals, which the court granted on Tuesday. The bench of justices Jayant Patel and Presh Upadhyay has kept the cases for further hearing on April 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12711766", "title": "Dist takes on illegal sand mining, transportation", "text": "PUNE: The district administration has seized 573 trucks for illegal sand transport and stopped illegal mining activities at 435 spots on various riverbeds during a special drive during the past nine months. Fines of about Rs 60 lakh was also imposed in these cases.The administration claimed that the drive, which was conducted across the district, achieved significant success in terms of restricting illegal sand transport and mining. About 50 to 60 trucks were booked every month for illegal transport of sand.Besides on-the-spot raids, a dedicated software has been introduced at the toll booths on Solapur, Ahmednagar and Satara roads, which has helped to keep round-the-clock monitoring of sand transporters. The administration has provided laptops and scanners at the toll booths to detect fake or unauthorized transport passes/receipts, often used by truck drivers to transport sand illegally. Officials said that the new system helped curb about 70% of illegal sand transport.Areas like Daund, Indapur, Shirur, Baramati and Haveli have reported illegal mining activities and transportation. As per estimates, about 7,000 trucks are involved in transport of sand to construction sites in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. These trucks carry more than the stipulated quota of sand, which may lead to illegal sale of sand.\"There has been an overall decrease in illegal transport of sand in the district in 2011-12, a senior official from the mining department said. \"In 2010-11 a fine of about Rs 1.35 crore was collected in cases of illegal sand transport and mining. This has reduced to Rs 60 lakh in 2011-12,\" he added.In the year ended on March 31, the mining department collected Rs. 91.4 crore as revenue against last year's revenue of Rs 73 crore. Major part of it was collected during a special drive conducted to recover arrears from owners of stone quarry owners and auctions conducted for sand mining.Eom/sarang", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710089", "title": "CVC for CBI probe into some defence deals", "text": "NEW DELHI: Central vigilance commissioner Pradeep Kumar on Tuesday said he had referred some cases of alleged corruption in defence deals to the Central Bureau of Investigation for probe.Kumar, however, refused to give details of the deals being investigated by CBI based on the CVC's recommendations. The cases referred to CBI are in addition to the one that the agency has taken up after a complaint were lodged by Army chief General V K Singh in the Tatra truck deal with public sector BEML.Speaking at an industry gathering on Tuesday, Kumar said several high-level corruption cases had come to light in the recent past such as the 2G spectrum deal, the Commonwealth Games scam and iron ore mining scam in Karnataka. \"It is time to introspect,\" he said, and added that the CVC was involved in a constructive approach to deal with such menace.Kumar said sending civil servants behind bars on charges of corruption was not a solution in itself. \"Working towards prevention of such crimes is the right way to deal with the situation,\" he added.He said the Comptroller and Auditor General, the media and civil society groups were working towards fulfilling this goal of eliminating systemic corruption. Kumar said corruption was a many headed hydra and one regulator could not deal with it.The CBI has in the past eight years investigated at least 18 defence deals and filed chargesheets in at least a dozen of them.Many of the cases CBI has taken up for investigation are pending because foreign countries have not yet responded to its letter rogatories (LRs) related to offshore transactions. In the Denel gun deal, the CBI had sent LRs to South Africa. The agency is investigating charges of corruption against some officials of the ministry of defence.Similarly, in the Barak missile deal, the CBI had sent LRs to Israel and UK seeking details on transactions related to the procurement. The case involved allegations against arms dealer Suresh Nanda and a former defence minister and his aides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12710927", "title": "Teacher held for raping minor", "text": "LUCKNOW: A primary section teacher of a government school in Chandauli was arrested for allegedly rapinf class V student in Chandauli district. The case came to light on Monday.The victim student of local primary school in Bhavpura village of Chandauli on Monday narrated the incident to her family. When the victim's family confronted the accused teacher, he in turn threatened them to keep mum on the issue as \"he knew how to handle such families and allegations\".Initially, the victim's family did not report the matter to the police.But, as the incident came to the knowledge of other locals, the family managed to muster courage and lodged a compliant with the local police. tnnStation officer, Bhavpura police station, Ramlakhan Singh Yadav, said the accused teacher had been rounded-up. Though a formal medical examination report of the victim was awaited, but prima facie it appeared that the 10-year-old girl had been sexually assaulted, police said.As per the initial investigations, it was about a week ago that the teacher first scolded the girl in question for not learning her lessons properly. When the school got over, the teacher allegedly asked the student to stay back in the class as he wanted to help her complete her pending work. That was the first time when the accused made sexual advances, the victim told police.The next day, the teacher again repeated his acts and this time sexually assaulted the minor. Before she was allowed to leave, the teacher threatened her of dire consequences if she dared open her mouth against him. It was on Monday when the victim could not take the agony any more she told her parents about her ordeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12714161", "title": "MP Board teachers soften stand", "text": "BHOPAL: Dissatisfied with the MP Board of Secondary Education evaluation rules, the agitating teachers decided not to boycott the evaluation work after the intervention of the Commissioner of Public Instructions on Tuesday.The agitating teachers stalled the evaluation work for two hours, but changed the stand, deciding not to boycott the process of evaluation after the CPI assured them that suggestions would be made to the Board for relaxation in penalties.CPI Arun Kochar said, \"The teachers engaged in evaluation work had approached me as they are departmental employees. We would talk to the Board secretary tomorrow for relaxation of rules.\"\"The evaluation process is almost 80% over. The Board officials would be consulted so that at least next year, there is relaxation of rules if not this year,\" he said.Mukesh Sharma, vice-chairman, Prantiya Shasakiya Vyakhata Evam Pracharya Sangh said, \"The CPI has assured us that suggestion about differentiating between intentional and unintentional mistakes and one day's holiday every week would be forwarded to the Board. It is beyond their area of jurisdiction as the Board is an autonomous authority.\"\"It was only on Tuesday that the Boards' orders dated April 13 were read out to us. In some divisions, they are still in the dark. Also, the revised rules of the Board do not benefit us in any way. Firstly, the deputy head valuers are at the mercy of the evaluation-in-charge, who can assign four valuers instead of four to each. Only one casual leave has been given instead of a regular off every week. The quality of checking the answer-sheets will definitely get affected this way, Sharma said. \"He added the decision to boycott the evaluation process was stalled after the delegation talked to the CPI. Still, the teachers would continue to wear black armbands and crosses to protest against the Board's rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710359", "title": "Man, mother booked for battering maid", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after a maid was admitted to Safdarjung Hospital with severe injuries, a criminal case has been registered against her employers. The 20-year-old woman had alleged that her employer and his mother thrashed her after she could not wash the clothes properly as she was unwell. The case was lodged on Tuesday evening after the medical report of the victim came in.According to the report, the woman's shoulder has been fractured. She has also been diagnosed with tuberculosis, police said. \"We have registered a case of 'voluntarily causing grievous injuries' against her employer Amit Khurana (35) and his mother Saroj Khurana (62) under Section 325 of IPC,\" said V Renganathan, additional CP (west). No arrest has been made so far, police said. The accused live in the Rajouri Garden area of west Delhi, said police.Her employers though maintained they were being framed and that they had sent the woman with her relatives as she was unwell. \"The employers said they had taken in writing from the woman's brother-in-law that she was not well and he was taking her ,\" said a senior cop.The victim's brother-in-law, Prem Chand, told TOI that the woman had been hit with a wooden baton used to wash clothes on April 13. \"Her employers took her to a private clinic and got her first aid. But her condition deteriorated. The next day, her employer called me and asked me to take her to a hospital. They also made me sign a paper, which I could not understand as it was in English,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12711394", "title": "Series of 'acid attacks', but cops inactive", "text": "NAGPUR: A brief entry on April 15 at the Ajni police station diary is all that cops have to show for a series of attacks on girls with a corrosive liquid, suspected to be acid, that leads to deep irritation and burning sensation.The incidents took place at Kunjilal Peth, Chandramani Nagar and Rameshwari in the southern part of the city. Though the pain has subsided, the girls are still running scared. One of them told TOI, \"Fear of the unknown assailants has compelled us to remain passive, instead of register offence.\"This is the second acid attack within a month. In the earlier incident, a woman professor suffered serious burns after her jilted lover threw acid on her near Telangkhedi. The culprit was let off with simple preventive action by Ambazari cops as the woman's kin were not interested in lodging a complaint.In the latest case too, police have cited the same excuse of uninterested complainants to wash their hands of any responsibility.Puja (name changed), a first year student, said the incident took place in Kunjilal Peth when she was returning with family members from a programme. \"Initially, I smelled thinner, then suddenly I started feeling the burning sensation on my back. The pain was so much that tears started flowing out of my eyes,\" said Puja. She said the culprit seemed to have a spray can in his hand. \"What surprised me was that the culprits were in no hurry to leave the place,\" said the girl.Puja says a neighbour too was attacked and sustained a big reddish swollen burn on her back. \"We did not want to report the matter but approached the cops with the help of a neighbour to ensure the perpetrators do not feel they can get away with it,\" said the student of arts.A similar attack also took place on a girl in a mob at a fair at Chandramani Nagar. She was taken to Government Medical College and Hospital by cops after she raised an alarm. Similar incidents have also taken place at Rameshwari.Assistant commissioner of police (Ajni) GM Sakharkar said that he would look into the matter. \"It is a serious issue,\" he said.Former district government pleader Prashant Sathianathan said that police are bound to register an offence of cognisable nature upon being informed by a complaint under section 154 of Criminal Procedure code. \"If the victim is ready to furnish a statement and there is a medical evidence then police can always register a complaint and start an enquiry,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12717358", "title": "Pancham Ki Fali residents accuse realtor of selling out open space to doctor", "text": "INDORE: Residents of Pancham Ki Fali alleged that an influential realtor sold out a public garden gifted to them over 150 years ago by the then Holkar king in their locality to a doctor illegally, who now wants to construct a cancer hospital on it.In a bid to save the open space, the aggrieved people knocked on the door of the district administration on Tuesday at a Jan Sunwai and demanded to take action against the people involved in the illegal act.Pancham Ki Fali spreads over seven acres of land and has around 15,000 residents, mostly of the Berwa community. It has two acres of open space, which has allegedly been sold out by a builder using fake documents to the doctor.Yogi Rakesh Berwa, who was representing the team of Berwa community, said that land was given to Pancham Maharaj by the then Holkar king. As Pancham Maharaj did not have any child to succeed him, the land was distributed free to schedule cast and schedule tribe people for residence purpose.\"About 90 percent of the land has houses on it while 10 percent of it was kept as open space for sports, cultural and community activities,\" said Berwa, adding that land is being used for community purpose for over a year now. The garden is on record under Khajaran Panchayat, Indore Municipal Corporation, master plan of the city and slum rehabilitation plan. Now one Om Sai Construction company has sold out this open space to Aviral Buildcom Private Ltd, allegedly using fabricated and fake documents.\"Pancham Maharaj did not have any children and he died 150 years back. Now they are claiming to have purchased this land from their family member,\" said Berwa, demanding cancellation of the entire transaction process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12710656", "title": "Bee attack leaves 15 kids injured", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On the first day of school after 10 days of vacation, more than a dozen students of Class VI in Government High School, Sector 40, were bitten by a swarm of honeybees on Tuesday.As many as 15 students, including eight girls, were playing kho-kho during their games period when bees attacked them. One of them, Pardeep Kumar, was injured critically and was rushed to Government Multi-speciality Hospital (GMSH), Sector 16 with serious injuries.Schoolteacher Rama Jain, who accompanied the students to hospital, said the incident took place around 12.10pm when students were playing. She said some of the students managed to save themselves after running inside the classrooms.\"The beehive was on a tree and bees attacked the children suddenly,\" Rama said adding that the injured children were rushed to civil dispensary in Sector 40, but were then referred to GMSH-16 in the absence of proper medical staff in the dispensary. Injured students were rushed at GMSH-16 in police vehicles.Deepa, 13, said, \"We were playing kho-kho when a swarm of bees attacked us. Bees stung on both my hands.\" One of the injured girls told TOI that bees attacked them after some boys threw stones toward the beehive.Panic gripped the students after the attack and school management instructed all of them to stay inside the class rooms. The parents of injured students were informed by the school management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12715871", "title": "US pledges support to state health sector", "text": "RANCHI: US Consul general Dean Thompson on Tuesday announced to continue its support to health schemes in the state through United States Agency for International Development, especially in the field of maternal and child health care. The announcement was made by Thompson at a workshop here on innovations in family planning services based on the power of innovations and partnerships.\"We have been associated with various health development schemes in the country over the past two decades and will continue to support such endeavours. Our experience with people of Jharkhand has been very good and we expect that the state government will continue and expand the work done by USAID in the last few years,\" said Thompson.The consul general was accompanied by Kerry Pelzman, who provides looks after technical and management support to US health programme estimated 90 million dollar per annum. Veteran choreographer and dancer Mallika Sarabhai, who also acted in Hindi and Gujarati films, was also present.The consul general also released two reports on Audit of Infant and Maternal Death in Jharkhand and Reproductive Health Indicator Survey Jharkhand.Sarabhai, who has been associated with the spreading awareness about maternal and child health issues in Jharkhand, said people had failed to realize that theatre could be used to spread knowledge. \"We cannot just use it for entertainment and ignore the educational aspect,\" said Sarabhai.Sarabhai said a group of 75 young people, having flair for theatre, were used by her in the state to spread awareness in some places of Jharkhand. \"The result has been very encouraging,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12709832", "title": "Pressure sans support drives engineering students to suicide", "text": "CHENNAI: Her name means 'goddess of courage.' But when her engineering portions looked tough, Dhyriyalakshmi ended her life on Tuesday in a noose that she had made of her dupatta.Dhyriyalakshmi is the third engineering student in the city to commit suicide in less than three weeks. Observations by her college mates suggest that Dhyriyalakshmi did show indications of her problems, but apparently there was no system on the campus to sense her despair.Two years ago, Anna University had withdrawn its full-fledged counselling facility, citing poor patronage. \"We used to provide counselling especially to students from rural areas,\" said a senior faculty member. \"Since we don't have the resources now, we provide counselling on demand.\"Dhyriyalakshmi's hostel mates said she had been an introvert. Police said Dhyriyalakshmi had told a classmate about the difficulty she faced in her studies, before walking out in a huff. \"The last time she spoke to me, she said she was unable to concentrate on studies,\" said Gomathy, a student of apparel technology, who also hails from Villupuram.College authorities said they are doing whatever they can. \"Soon after the suicide of Manivannan, a B Tech civil engineering student last month, we conducted a counselling session. We brought professional counsellors, but students did not turn up. The university is now planning to hold a training session for professors to deal with students under pressure. We encourage students to report unusual behavior of friends, classmates,\" said college dean R Sekar.Staying away from friends and family for the first time can sadden students. When they face academic pressure and failure, this can turn into suicidal tendencies. Preethi Manohar, counsellor at Surya Hospital said high expectation of parents makes students emotionally weak. \"Students from rural areas live in constant fear of failure and this increases with parents' expectations.\"Most students who come from rural areas manage to score well in the first semester, but fail to continue with the good performance as they proceed to hardcore engineering subjects. Dhyriyalakshmi's uncle, M Nehru, said \"She did not complain about her studies. We would have discontinued her studies if she told us she was having problems.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12710184", "title": "\u2018Boutique hospital\u2019 opens in Khar", "text": "MUMBAI: If you are a western suburb resident and do not mind paying for healthcare facilities then there may be good news for you.With a new109-bed multispecialty hospital opening in Khar Road, there is one more place for patients to get surgeries done. With the inauguration of this \" boutique hospital\", the question raised is what exactly is the place of such hospitals in Mumbai's healthcare sector.While Andheri has sprawling hospitals like Kokilaben Ambani Hospital (750 beds) and SevenHills Hospital (1500 beds) in place, the question is where a small corporate hospital like Hinduja Healthcare in Khar stands.Experts, however, say that in a city like Mumbai, both types of hospitals are important. \"The bigger ones take care of the volumes of scale population, whereas the small boutique hospitals cater to a particular community,\" said Dr Vivek Desai, managing director of HOSMAC, a healthcare consultancy group.The bigger hospitals, say experts, can be few owing to the space crunch in the city. \"The big hospitals are few and newer ones will be difficult to construct now. The smaller boutique hospitals can prove to be good for the city if each suburb can have at least two of them,\" said Dr Desai.The hospital, which comprises three buildings, offers specialties like neurosurgery, cardiac care, gynaecology, general medicine and surgery. \"The Hinduja Hospital in Mahim is a charity hospital. We wanted to bring in a hospital which would cater to a particular group of people who want exclusivity in the healthcare,\" said Ashok Hinduja, chairman of the Hinduja Group.Other experts feel that, if the healthcare is good, then paying for it is an individual decision. P P Gadgil, a healthcare consultant, said, \"What the city needs is a functional operation theatre, good infection control and trained manpower in a hospital. As long as these are available, how much one pays for them is an individual choice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12712311", "title": "Agni-V to be test fired today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking a major leap forward in missile technology and military deterrent capability, India is all set to test fire its 5,000 km range Inter-Continental Ballistic Missile (ICBM) Agni-V today from a test range off the coast of Odisha.The test fire of the missile will be conducted from a test range in Wheeler island off the coast of Odisha.DRDO Chief V K Saraswat had recently said the missile is being integrated at various facilities for the test launch which will be witnessed by military officials and other agencies which participated in its development.Only the US, Russia , France and China possess the capability to operate an ICBM.DRDO plans to conduct more such tests of the missile over the next one year after studying and analyzing the parameters achieved in each subsequent trial.On the timeline fixed for fully developing Agni-V, Saraswat had said another one year of testing will be involved.In November last year, DRDO had successfully test fired the 3,500 km range Agni-4 missile giving muscle to India's deterrent capability against the military adversaries.DRDO has also placed necessary equipments to collect data on the trajectory and flight of the missile and other necessary data which will be studied further for its future development.Agni-V will be a three-stage, all solid fuel powered, 17-metre tall missile with capability to carry various forms of payload, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12710755", "title": "Cops seize 60 Kg marijuana", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Government Railway Police (GRP) have arrested four marijuana peddlers and seized 60 kilos of narcotic substance worth Rs one lakh from their possession.Police arrested Rajender Goud, Balram Pradhan, Gangadhar Pradhan and Bhallu Sahu from Orissa. They were arrested by police from S-5 coach of the Visakha Express at the Secunderabad railway station and 60 kgs of ganja was seized. Secunderabad GRP superintendent of police (SP) M Kanta Rao said that the four were transporting the contraband from Chattarpur in Orissa to Surat in Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12716426", "title": "I'm unmindful of criticism: Bhavana", "text": "For actress Bhavana, the recent spate of celebrity cricket tournaments was a much-needed break from the routine home to shoot and vice versa schedule.The actress, who was seen cheering Kerala's team captained by actor Mohanlal, says she had a great time during the matches. Of course, it came with its share of controversies too, but Bhavana is least perturbed.\"There were people who linked me up with the team mates, especially Rajeev Pillai; others criticised me for all the so-called high energy I had on the field; yet others talked non-stop about why we film folk don't mind our own business and do films rather than talk and play cricket,\" she says. \"People might have a thousand opinions, but ultimately, what matters is how we take all such criticism. I, for one, accept constructive criticism and am unmindful of the rest,\" Bhavana declares, adding, \"I've learnt to take many things in my stride now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12714234", "title": "Rescued tiger cub healthy, say Panna Reserve officials", "text": "BHOPAL: After being rescued from a cave last week, the feeble wild cub abandoned by a tigress is recovering rapidly and is in good health at Panna Tiger Reserve in eastern Madhya Pradesh.\"The two-month-old cub is fast recovering. We are monitoring its health round the clock,\" reserve veterinarian Dr Sanjeev Gupta said.\"The tiger cub is being fed milk and other supplements,\" reserve field director R S Murthy said.The cub was abandoned by a tigress -- T-1 -- some 15 days ago. T-1 gave birth to three more cubs in a cave on February 16. On March 29, it shifted to another cave some 2 km away but did not carry the fragile cub. It, although, returned to the cave on April 2 and fed the abandoned cub.However, T-1 did not carry the cub. Since then, the reserve authorities kept a watch through electronic gadgets. They found that the condition of the cub deteriorated nine days ago in the cave. The cub was rescued from the cave on April 12. It is being kept in a well-equipped room since then.This cub was born in the second litter. T-1 had given birth to four cubs in its first litter two years ago. Only two cubs survived then, officials said. Felines usually abandon their cubs when they turn weak, according to wildlife experts.After the reserve became devoid of big cat population in early 2009 allegedly due to poaching, the state forest department had translocated four tigresses and a tiger to Panna from different tiger reserves in an attempt to revive their population. The translocation plan has seen success with increasing number of cubs. Now 12 cubs, including two young ones are in the reserve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12710524", "title": "Industry push for co-opted corporators", "text": "NASHIK: Industry bodies have started lobbying for a seat in the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) as a co-opted member. The Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) has urged all political parties to appoint a representative from Nashik industry as one of the co-opted corporators in the NMC administration.The procedure to elect five co-opted corporators to the NMC will begin shortly after the elections for the post of standing committee chairman and for divisional ward committees, which will be held in the next three days. NIMA has written letters to all political parties to appoint one representative from the industry as one of the co-opted corporators.\"As per the new policy of the state, highly educated persons are to be appointed as co-opted corporators. There is a provision to have representation from industry, trade, arts and literature. Our demand is to have at least one representative from industrial associations to help bridge the gap between the NMC and industries. Often, disputes take place between the NMC and industries on issues like octroi, infrastructure etc. Most of the times, NMC does not know what industries want. Hence, there should be a representative from the industry to bridge the communication gap,\" said Dhananjay Bele, president, NIMA.\"The chiefs of political parties have a right to elect co-opted corporators. Hence, we have sent letters to all political parties urging them to appoint one person from industry for the post of co-opted corproators,\" Bele said.The industrial associations operational in Nashik city include the Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA), the AIMA, the Maharashtra Chamber of Commerce, Industries &amp; Agriculture (MCCI&A;), the Laghu Udyog Bharati (LUB) and the Chartered Accountants Association (CAA). The boards and members of these industrial associations include highly-educated industrialists. Their appointment as co-opted members will definitely help the development of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12711055", "title": "Mysterious sixth man turned prime accused in Park Street case", "text": "KOLKATA: The City Metropolitan Court's declaration against two accused has brought a fresh twist in the Park Street rape case. Kolkata Police had filed petition on April 12 to announce Kader Khan and Mohammad Ali - the accused persons who are absconding - as proclaimed offender before attaching their properties. On the basis of the plea, the court held the duo as proclaimed offenders and the notice served to their family members said the duo will have to surrender within 30 days, else the court may attach their immovable properties.Earlier, the victim filed a complaint saying she was raped in a moving car by a gang of youths on February 5 night. She claimed five persons were in the car. On February 18, police rounded up three - Naser Khan, Ruman Khan and Sumit Bajaj - and seized a Honda City car. Cops then zeroed in on Naser's brother Kader and their friend Johnny as the other accused. Police had even sent teams in Mumbai and UP to trace them . Cops believe Johnny arranged shelter for Kader at a Mumbai hideout. Meanwhile, the name of a sixth person - Mohammad Ali - cropped up during the probe.But nearly after two months, the proclamation notice suggests that police now do not consider Johnny as an accused. Instead, Ali has become the prime accused. \"Ali has been declared as proclaimed offender,\" said joint CP (crime) P K Ghosh who did not elaborate why Johnny's name has been dropped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12711993", "title": "Illegal parking at airport creates trouble, security risk", "text": "NAGPUR: Visitors to airport just coming in to pick up or drop passengers are unnecessarily having to cough up Rs 30 parking charges as they find passage in circulation area blocked by illegally parked vehicles. Many vehicles, particularly those belonging to hotels and so-called VIPs, are routinely parked in this area which is supposed to be a no-parking zone. Besides obstructing genuine passenger vehicles they also pose a security risk.Thanks to the obstructions, on several occasions, other vehicles are not able to pick up or drop their passengers within the 10 minutes allowed to them. If a delay occurs, the parking contractor charges them Rs 30 for parking.Though separate lanes were marked for VIPs and other passengers, but at airport everyone becomes VIP. Even petty politicians park vehicles in both lanes as police and airport authorities are too timid to act against them, passengers complained.A senior airport official admitted that parkingof the vehicles at the terminal was a serious matter. \"The parking of vehicles in terminal area is a serious matter and the security men, cops or the parking contractor are to blame for allowing it. When there is a complete ban on parking of vehicles in circulation area, how and why vehicles are allowed is a matter of investigation,\" he said.Frequent flier and a vigilant citizen Avinash Prabhune blamed airport operator Mihan India Ltd for lackadaisical approach. \"One can see many unwarranted vehicles parked at 'pick and drop lane' without any objection by airport authorities or parking contractor. No such vehicles are noticed at Delhi or Mumbai airports thanks to the efficient security staff,\" he said. \"It is the duty of security staff to ensure that no vehicle is allowed to stay in terminal area,\" he added.Vinay Channe, a businessman from Chandrapur, who recently visited airport to receive his mother, was asked to move his car within a few minutes. His pointing out that there were other vehicles parked was to no avail. \"Law should be equal for all. The security guards allowed supporters of a VIP and several taxiwalas to park in terminal area. At the same time they directed me to go to parking area or leave immediately,\" he complained.MIL CEO and senior airport director VK Yadava admitted such vehicles had become a nuisance. \"We have now decided to initiate strict measures like issuing a challan for wrong parking and recover Rs 500 fine from each vehicle. The parking charges have been reduced precisely to discourage people parking on approach road. Now action will also be initiated against vehicles found on approach road,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bandora", "code": "12711395", "title": "Bandora's Jain Basti and Khandepar caves in peril", "text": "BANDORA: Overgrown with shrubs on its structure and overshadowed by a few, neat villas adjacent, the 15th century Jain Basti in Bandora is crumbling from neglect and the onslaught of natural elements. Another pre-Portuguese monument, the caves at Khandepar, also in Ponda taluka, are tottering in similar decay. \"This is the state of many of our monuments and heritage sites and they are crumbling progressively due to a deficit in conservation effort,\" Prajal Sakhardande, an executive member of Goa heritage action group (GHAG) said.The state archives and archaeology department is overseeing the protection of 51 monuments while the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) has a list of 24 under its charge. Most of the ASI-protected monuments lie in a cluster at Old Goa and appear to be better maintained. The other ones conserved by the state department lie in far-flung areas and are in varying states of degradation, sources said.A state department official, who conceded that conservation of monuments is a herculean task, said, \"We clear the vegetation after every monsoon, but even this is difficult as the monuments are located all over the state.\" But heritage lovers are angered by the mediocrity of the state department's conservation effort. \"The same number of monuments were better preserved in the past. Also, there are bigger states than Goa, which are doing a better job of conservation in remote areas,\" Rohit Phalgaonkar, a history researcher, said.If the department lacks the manpower and expertise to fulfill its commitment, the work should be outsourced. \"The department can appoint an expert committee to carry on the torch of protection of our priceless heritage or we will lose it increasingly with every monsoon,\" Phalgaonkar said. Two monuments which require immediate attention are Jain Basti and Khandepar caves, he added.The conservation agencies can also enlarge their lists to take up more heritage assets under their care. Incidentally, the forts of Reis Magos and St Estevam are among a few monuments, which the department has conserved through private agencies besides a few churches, temples and other monuments on its own.Each of the monuments is unique for its own signature of heritage value. \"The remains at Bandora are the only remaining ones of Jain influence in Goa, among others, in Cudnem and Naroa,\" Phalgaonkar said. The Jain structures at Cudnem and Naroa are remains of places of worship, while the Bandora one was a basti, which was a seminary for Jain monks.Heritage lovers are dismayed by construction activity near the monuments. \"The construction near the Jain Basti is disrespectful to the monument,\" Sakhardande said. Concurring with his view, Fr Savio Baretto, rector of Bom Jesus Basilica, added, \"Heritage lovers should not allow construction activity and attempts by land sharks, as is the case with Old Goa, to usurp land near heritage sites,\" he said.Heritage lovers are also irked by the alteration of monuments under the guise of conservation. \"The concretizing of a portion of the Mahadeva temple at Tambdi Surla to plug leakage is affecting its ambience,\" Sakhardande said. New interventions, especially carried out in St Estevam fort, also tend to distort history. But a department official justified it, stating that it will blend with the original structure in course of time. A state archaeology department official said they had urged the government to activate local committees at the panchayat level to participate in the conservation effort. \"If these committees do their bit in clearing vegetation, it can help significantly in minimizing the degradation of monuments,\" the official explained.Agreed Sakhardande, \"Not only protected monuments, but even other ones which are not notified should be taken care of,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12710949", "title": "Andhra excise dept names 1.5 liquor vends, minister in denial", "text": "HYDERABAD: In yet another glaring paradox under which the liquor syndicate controlled by politicians has been flourishing for the last many years, excise minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana said on Tuesday that no belt shops are operating in the state at present. However, his own department officials not only acknowledged the existence of at least 1.5 lakh belt shops across the state, but also conceded that in order to meet the revenue target, they have decided to streamline the functioning of such illegal shops.In a circular dated April 7, 2012, excise commissioner Sameer Sharma has directed his deputy commissioners to ensure that \"no non-duty paid or spurious liquor was found in the shops or in the belt shops.\" \"This circular is a clear admission to the existence of belt shops, which are actually the illegal extensions of the licensed retail liquor outlets controlled by politicians. With the revenue targets set very high this time, the circular seems to indicate that the excise officials have decided to officially accept their existence so that the revenue accruing from them can at least be realized,\" said sources.While there are 6,596 licensed retail liquor outlets in the state, there are about 1.5 lakh belt shops. Most of them operate in remote areas and in many places, the liquor is sold from petty shops like pan dabbas or kirana outlets or even makeshift structures on the road. \"All the belt shops are extensions of the licensed outlets and sell liquor at a very high cost, sometimes charging even 70% above the Maximum Retail Price (MRP),\" sources in the excise department said.Times ViewWith the AP High Court monitoring the raids of the ACB on liquor syndicate, one hopes that the stranglehold of the politician-trader- official nexus in the liquor business is broken. The sale of liquor should be regulated to ensure that the revenue reaches only the state, and that the economic and social fabric of the society is not destroyed. Towards that end, a major crackdown on illegal belt shops is the need of the hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12711384", "title": "Centre faces contempt of court for failure to fill vacant IC slots", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite mounting backlog of cases and a Delhi high court fixed deadline, the Centre has been unable to fill up all posts of Information Commissioners (ICs) in the CIC.The government runs the risk of being hauled up for committing contempt of court since a bench headed by the acting Chief Justice A K Sikri had ordered the government on March 20, 2012, to \"immediately\" fill up two remaining vacancies for IC.The HC's directive came after the Centre informed the court it had filled up three out of the five vacant posts, and sought more time for framing of recruitment rules for appointment of subordinate staff in the CIC. Though the court granted it a month's extension for framing the rules, it emphasized that the remaining two posts of IC be filled up immediately. Concerned over rising vacancies of above 20,000, the HC had, on the basis of a PIL, asked the Centre to start filling up the posts.It acted on a PIL, filed by RTI activists R K Jain and Amit Shanker, alleging that no action has been taken on the issue despite two \"distress\" letters written by the Central Information Commissioner to the Prime Minister's Office (PMO). Filed through lawyers Prashant Bhushan and Pranav Sachdeva, the PIL sought filling of posts of ICs and subordinate staff, including secretarial staff, in a time-bound manner. It argued that there should be no gap between retirement and appointment of new ICs.\"At present more than 20,000 appeals and complaints are pending before the Central Information Commission for disposal and with the growing awareness among public more and more matters are piling up before the CIC.\"Following HC's keen interest in the PIL, three ICs have been appointed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12711998", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation to get back Anand Talkies land", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is all set to get possession of land on which Anand Talkies was situated at Sitabuldi. The Supreme Court has ordered Saroj Screens Private Ltd, which is presently in possession of the talkies, to hand over the land to NMC within three months of its verdict on March 26.The land measuring 9,300 sq ft is located on Old Sarai Road, Sitabuldi, and worth crores today. The land was given on lease for 30 years by NMC on March 17, 1944, to Gopaldas Mohta, who started Anand Talkies. The land became mired in legal problems due to various changes in the lease. Finally, the issue reached the Supreme Court, which on March 26 asked Saroj Screens Private Ltd to hand over the land to NMC.NMC received the apex court's order a couple of days back. In the order, the SC has ordered NMC to alienate the land by sale, lease, or otherwise, by auction or by inviting tenders following procedures consistent with Article 14 of the Constitution after getting possession of the land from Saroj Screens Private Ltd. The order directs NMC to pay the market value of the structure, as on the date of the order of the high court, to Saroj Screens Private Ltd.A senior NMC official said they will pay the cost of the structure as per market value in 2009 when the high court's order came. \"NMC will now start the process to decide the future use of this land as per Supreme Court's judgment. We have a number of options and may go for a big development project on the prime property,\" he said.As per details given in the Supreme Court order, NMC had not followed proper procedure in extending the lease of the land after due date of first renewal, and after several changes in ownership.On March 17, 1944, the land was given on lease for 30 years to Gopaldas Mohta, who leased out the plot to Saroj Screens Private Ltd for 27 years through an agreement dated September 10, 1947. In 1959, there was a partition in the Mohta family and the plot went to his wife Gangabai, who assigned the land to Parmanand Kisandas Mundhada of Kolkata through an agreement dated August 12, 1960.As the lease was to end on March 17, 1974, Saroj Screens Private Ltd sent a letter dated January 15, 1973, to Mundhada asking him to sell the lease and also approached NMC for renewal of the lease. Since then, legal proceedings have been underway. Meanwhile, NMC first renewed the lease in the name of Mundhada on October 17, 1975, and then again in the name of Saroj Screens on August 28, 1991.The Supreme Court verdict observes that the lease was granted to Saroj Screens without following any process like issuing of advertisement etc. The same was the case when the lease was renewed by Mundhada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12700874", "title": "Imran Khan beefs up for Once Upon... sequel", "text": "Imran Khan is all set to graduate from being a chocolate hero to a gritty gangster in director Milan Luthria's sequel to Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai. What's more, Luthria has asked the actor to gain at least five kg to effectively portray his role.In Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai 2, Imran plays Aslam, a street fighter with a heart of gold. Apart from the fact that this will be Imran's first such role, Luthria is keen he puts on weight and looks suitably beefed-up for the part.Confirming the news, Luthria said, \"I am always excited by unusual casting and this is very unlike anything Imran has played before. It is unexpected for audiences. It's a character with a mass appeal with great one-liners, in keeping with the first part of the franchise. I sense Imran is an extremely committed actor, and am sure he will go the distance to achieve the look I have in mind, which requires a strict dietary regimen and extended endurance training among others. I am awaiting Imran's return from Chandigarh to discuss this at length with him. Meanwhile we've been in touch over the phone and email.\"Explained Luthria, \"The whole idea is Imran is excited about a genre he hasn't done yet. I feel I can give his character an edge so he is shockingly different and makes everyone sit up and take notice. While he is immensely popular with girls, I believe in an action film, the actor must look his best physically.\"So how does Imran plan on piling on the pounds? Luthria explains it is all about eating right and eating as per goals. Depending on the body type, every person needs either more protein or more carbohydrates. A team will be with Imran 24x7 to help Luthria project the actor in the way he wants to in the film.Imran said excitedly, \"This is a challenging role and Milan has been giving me a lot of reference points for the character, ranging from looks to performance. I'm thrilled to be a part of the franchise, and even more excited with the potential of this film. I will be starting my prep work as soon as I finish shooting Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola, as I want to make sure that I can achieve what Milan has in mind.\"With shooting for the sequel slated to begin in August, Imran has plenty of time to put on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12715045", "title": "Theft at silver testing lab", "text": "LUDHIANA: A theft was reported in Shiv Shankar Silver Test Laboratory in Nalke Wali Gali of Sarafa Bazaar on Tuesday. The laboratory is owned by Shankar Lal of Haibowal area.Burglars decamped with 70 grams of gold, 2,300 grams of silver and Rs 36,000 in cash from the laboratory.In his statement to police, Shankar Lal said, he closed his laboratory at 9pm on Monday. But in the morning, the shop owner of an adjoining laboratory informed him about the theft.According to sources in police, no CCTV was installed at the laboratory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12716678", "title": "\u2018HTC saw 100% growth in India last year\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: HTC might have seen its profit tumble last year globally, in India the company registered a 100% growth. Talking to TOI, Faisal Siddiqui, country head HTC India, said that in 2011 the company saw a phenomenal growth to become one of the top three smartphone players in the country.While he refused to reveal the exact market share that HTC currently holds he said that according to the company's own assessment it is over 10%.According to a report by Cyber media Research earlier this year, the top three smartphone vendors in India were Samsung , Nokia and Research In Motion with a market share of 34.1%, 22.4% and 18.6%, respectively.\"Last year around 14 million smartphones were sold in India. Around 50% to 60% sale took place in sub-10K category. HTC is successfully serving the needs of consumers at all price points,\" said Siddiqui. \"Recently we launched HTC One X and One V. The response has been tremendous. One X is out of stock at most places as we try to meet the huge demand.\"Siddiqui, who joined HTC last year after heading Motorola's India operations for over two years, said that in 2012 the company would focus on strengthening its distribution network in India.\"We currently have presence in over 50 top cities in India. Around 70% of smartphone sales take place at 2000 odd outlets and we have the presence there. Going forward we want to expand the network and reach new areas,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12714120", "title": "Shehla Masood murder: CBI in tight spot over MLA's role", "text": "BHOPAL: The Central Bureau of Investigations (CBI) sleuths are in a dilemma over zeroing in on Dhruv Narayan Singh, the BJP MLA from Bhopal, in connection with the murder of RTI activist Shehla Masood. The agency has not yet been able to get an evidence establishing his involvement, sources privy to the investigation agency, said.Though, CBI still suspect Dhruv's role and has not given him a clean chit yet, the agency is finding it tough to nail the legislator even after grilling him thrice and subjecting him to lie detector test, which turned out to be futile, they added.Investigators once toed the line that Dhruv, who is close to the alleged conspirator Zaheda Pervez, too might have nursed a grudge against Shehla and joined hands with the accused after the activist came close to another BJP leader. The CBI had questioned him in this connection.However, the move did not yield any substantial result as Dhruv told the investigators, that he was aware about the slain activist's closeness with another BJP leader and he found nothing wrong in it. He in fact told the agency that he doesn't have an intimate relation with any woman, they said. CBI sleuths had examined in detail a diary, seized from the possession of Zaheda Parvez, searching for clues. Though the diary has an explicit and narrative account of their intimacy it does not contain any mention of his role and motive in the murder case, they claimed.Besides, the CBI had retrieved more than 5000 SMS text deleted from local interior designer Zaheda's mobile phone, it couldn't get any information to establish Dhruv's motive in the murder case, they said.Investigators had asked Zaheda and her friend Saba Farooqui about Dhruv's involvement in the case, but the duo did not give any information. Zaheda had told investigators that she had a deep affection towards Dhurv for long.Both the women accused in the case didn't even go through the polygraph test, even after agreeing to it in the court.Meanwhile, Delhi CBI special crime - cell III, T Rajah Balaji is heading a special team exclusively to probe the role of the MLA, if any, in the case. The CBI has to file the charge-sheet next month.Activist Shehla Masood was shot dead near her residence at Koh-e-Fiza on August 16 last year.According to investigations underway in the case, Zaheda with the help of local history-sheeter Saqib Ali alias Danger hired Kanpur based sharp-shooters Irfan and Tabish to kill Shehla as she was jealous of the activist's closeness with the MLA. Zaheda her friends Danger, Saba and shooters Irfan and Tabish are in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12709049", "title": "Serial groom held after 3rd wife spots wedding photos", "text": "MUMBAI: A 32-year-old man had made a career out of marrying several women and cheating them out of their money till one of his wives stumbled upon the album of his earlier wedding.The \"serial groom\", Amit Nachankar (32), was arrested by the Bangur Nagar police on Monday for marrying three women without obtaining divorce. A dowry harassment charge has also been slapped on Amit and his father, Deepak (59). Amit also has a child.The accused are residents of Dahisar. According to the police, Amit would publish advertisements in the matrimonial columns, in which he claimed to work in Bahrain. Last year, a resident of Malad, Rekha (name changed), responded to the ad, following which the two families met for a few times and fixed theur wedding on February 9, 2011. \"A few days before the wedding, Deepak pretended that he wasn't happy with the match. When Amit 'insisted' he would marry Rekha and no one else, Deepak said he wouldn't let them stay at his house,\" the cops said. Two two started staying at a guesthouse, at Rekha's expense.Within two days of the wedding, on February 11, Amit met another prospective bride, Avani (name changed), and fixed a date in July 2011 for his second marriage, the police said.From February to July last year, Amit reportedly took away Rekha's ornaments and demanded that she fetched Rs 40,000 from her father to rent a flat in Mira Road, the police said. \"Amit also told her to convince her father to transfer his Pune property in his name. Saying he had lost his job, Amit asked her to use the contact of her brother in the US, to get him a job there,\" cops said.Soon after his second marriage, Amit started demanding dowry from Avani, torturing her physically and mentally. After she lodged a case against Amit, he was arrested. He was later released on bail, said the police, adding all this while, Rekha remained in the dark of his con.\"It was Avani who stumbled upon photos of Amit's wedding to Rekha. Avani called up Rekha's brother-his number was in the album-and told him that she was married to Amit,\" the police said. Rekha then lodged a complaint with the Bangur Nagar police who laid a trap and nabbed Amit and Deepak. Investigations revealed that Amit had married another woman in Amravati nearly six years ago and had a five-year-old child with her. He was planning to marry the fourth time, said the police, adding his motive was to pocket money from his \"wives\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12711029", "title": "Work order for phase 1 of mining corridor issued", "text": "PANAJI: The land acquisition of the two-phase mining corridor road from Uguem to Capxem is in the final stages and the work order for the four-lane 8.86km concrete road of phase one from Uguem to Guddemol has already been issued.Official sources told TOI that the estimated cost for phase one is 86 crore. The contractor has been given 10 months to complete the work and though the public works department (PWD), and eventually the Goa state infrastructure development corporation (GSIDC), is expected to get possession of the land within a month, the contractor has already started mobilizing men and machinery to the site, sources said.Phase two of the mining corridor extends from Guddemol to Capxem jetties. The length of phase two is 8.38km and it is estimated to cost around 90 crore. Phase two will also be a four-lane concrete road. The entire mining corridor will be built of concrete on account of the heavy mining traffic. Sources said that planners are averse to a bitumen road as it will necessitate frequent repairs.For both phases, sections IV, VI and VII of the Land Acquisition Act have already been published and the award procedures are in progress for the private land. The PWD has already deposited 2.91crore with the economic development corporation (EDC) for land acquisition for both phases. The PWD may take possession of the land within a month, but it all depends on the land acquisition officer from the South Goa collectorate, said sources.Of the 17-odd kilometres that comprise phase one and phase 2, 11km is private land, 4km is forest land and 2km is revenue (government) land.The project has been bogged by delays. Sources said that the PWD took a long time to deposit the money for land acquisition. Also, when the GSIDC asked for tree-cutting permission, the forest department raised the issue that the revenue land belonged to them. Permissions were stalled around September last year. The forest department asked GSIDC to apply for diversion, but no decisions were forthcoming. But recently, chief minister Manohar Parrikar presided over a meeting with forest department officials and a resolution is in sight. Also, the PWD has deposited the money for land acquisition, as well as 1.79 crore for compensatory afforestation.Sources said that forest department has conveyed its in-principle approval for diverting 17.305 hectares of forest land for the mining corridor.The mining corridor also has a proposed phase three, which is planned in order to connect the mines of Cavrem, Maina, Rivona, etc, to the main mining corridor. But studies are now underway to decide at what point phase three will join the mining corridor - midway or at the Capxem jetties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12711460", "title": "Two held in Nirma student rape case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two youths have been arrested by Sarkhej police in connection with the rape of a 17-year-old engineering student of Nirma University.Sarkhej police said that the main accused Vinay Garg, 18, who is also an engineering student at Nirma University, has been arrested for abduction and rape whereas his accomplice, Shiva Tomar, who works in a hotel, has been arrested for playing a supporting role in the incident. Vinay had raped the girl at a resort near the university campus and then chopped off her hair in a fit of rage before abandoning her. Sarkhej police also searched the resort's room where the crime took place and collected samples of hair and body fluids from the room. \"The samples will be sent to FSL for analysis. The evidence may help us link the accused to the crime,\" said Sarkhej police.The victim had lodged a complaint on Monday night accusing Vinay of abducting and raping her on April 9. In her complaint, she also mentioned that she was held captive for two days on April 9 and 10 and had returned home on April 11 morning.N S Malek, in-charge inspector of Sarkhej police station and investigator in the case, told TOI that they identified the main accused as Vinay, a resident of Zundal village in Ahmedabad district. He and his friend Shiva, a resident of Thaltej, were arrested from their residences at 5 pm on Tuesday.\"Vinay claims that the girl was his friend. They knew each other since the past eight to nine months and used to meet often. We have collected the girl's hair that was cut by Garg at the hotel room along with bed sheets and other goods from Rosewood Resorts on SG Highway. The hair was found in a paper packet kept inside a table drawer in the room where the rape took place,\" Malek said.Victim found at VejalpurWhile at APMC in Vejalpur, Vinay had threatened her of dire consequences and also that she should tell her parents that she wanted to elope with him but had changed her plans. She was later spotted by a PCR van after which she was taken to Vejalpur police station and her parents were contacted. The matter came to light when her mother could not find the ornaments and questioned the girl about it on Monday. She broke down and narrated the entire tale after which the police complaint was lodged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12709633", "title": "Doctors remove ligament that blocked blood to girl\u2019s stomach", "text": "CHENNAI: A tiny strip of ligament made life painful for Devi. The ligament compressed an artery and blocked the flow of heart to stomach which caused severe pain every time the 28-year-old ate. It took more than four hours for doctors of a city hospital to remove the ligament and free the artery.Devi was diagnosed with median arcuate ligament syndrome by which a ligament near diaphragm compressed an artery and prevented stomach from digesting and absorbing food. She lost seven kilos in two months. It would have proved fatal if it was left untreated.\"The ligament was found where it was not supposed to be and was compressing the celiac artery that supplied blood to stomach. A CT scan helped us to identify the problem. Several holes were made in the abdomen of the patient; laparoscopes were used to remove the ligament. We did not go for an open surgery because it will take a long time for the patient to go back to normal life,\" said Dr J S Rajkumar, chairman, LifeLine Group of Hospitals.He said: \"the ligament did not serve much purpose for humans. It was a remnant from the days when we used to walk using four legs. It is in front of the aorta and helps to keep muscles and arteries safe for animals because they stoop as they move.\"Devi's was surprised when she watched the video of her surgery that was played out at a press conference organized at the hospital on Tuesday. But she took the treatment at her stride during her stay at the hospital, says Dr Neha Shah and doctors who treated her.\"I got the strength from my mother who had to undergo five laparoscopic surgeries including hysterectomy, hernia, gall bladder, appendix and adhesions in 2002. She came home and started to cook three days after surgery,\" she said.Dr Rajkumar said: \"There is no particular cause for the syndrome the patient had. Abdominal pain might signal several things and routine checks are not enough to diagnose the exact cause. New diagnostic tools are helping doctors to identify such congenital problems. Several patients are referred to psychiatrists when all attempts to identify the cause for abdominal pain fails,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12712771", "title": "Banker held for wife\u2019s dowry death", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The Kalamboli police on Tuesday arrested the manager of a private bank in Navi Mumbai following the death of his wife, Madhu Yadav (28), at their Khanda Colony home. Samit Kumar Yadav's father Akhilesh (62) and mother Sunita have also been arrested. The trio has been booked for dowry harassment and murder under the sections 498A, 304B, 302 and 34 of the IPC.Madhu and Samit (32) tied the knot in May last year after their families arranged the match. Madhu used to work as an assistant manager with a media house in Mumbai. Samit regularly called up Madhu's office to enquire about her whereabouts and salary, said the police.On Monday night, Samit and his parents had a bitter fight with Madhu, following which she was taken to a hospital with injuries. She later died. A post-mortem report revealed strangulation marks on Madhu's neck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12716613", "title": "Abhishek Singhvi out of Congress party briefings", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid reports about a CD involving him, Congress spokesman Abhishek Singhvi has kept away from party briefings this week.\"At this moment, we can only say this much that he was not available for briefing on Monday\", Congress sources said when asked about reports that he was taken off the roster of media briefings in the wake of controversy surrounding him.Singhvi, who briefs the media formally every week on Monday, said he would request that the speculation over him should stop. \"On Monday morning itself, I had informed the party office that I was indisposed,\" he said.The Delhi high court has recently restrained a media house from publishing, telecasting and broadcasting the contents of a CD pertaining to Singhvi, who is also a leading advocate.Singhvi has alleged that the CD was \"forged, concocted, morphed and fabricated\". Any move to telecast the alleged CD would infringe the right to reputation of Singhvi, the plea to the high court had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12711255", "title": "On heritage day eve, Ahmedabad burns its bridge with Gandhi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nothing can be more painful than this. One of Ahmedabad's richest heritage structures has been damaged just a day before the city is to celebrate World Heritage Day.A portion of the historic Dandi Pul caught fire on Tuesday afternoon after a large heap of garbage, dumped at its base, was set on fire to dispose it. The flames swirled up and burnt a part of the nearly 100-year-old wooden frame.Such was the intensity of the flames that the tar atop the bridge started to melt. One portion caved in, leaving a gaping hole. This is the last thing the city needed at a time when it is at the threshold of becoming India's first Unesco World Heritage City.Fire brigade officials did bring the flames under control but not before the damage was done.It was from this bridge that Gandhiji started the Dandi March in 1930 and shaken the foundations of the British empire with his Salt Satyagraha.In 2005, the entire 365 km, from the Sabarmati Ashram to Dandi, was declared a heritage route by the Centre.Residents of Sabarmati Ashram, just a stone's throw from the bridge, alleged that Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) contractors collect garbage from around the Ashram area and dump it at the base of the bridge. They also set heaps of dirt on fire to dispose it.Municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mahapatra insisted that the garbage may have been dumped by local residents and not their contractors. \"The fire has partially damaged the wooden panel,\" he said. \"We have roped in Cept University for the restoration of the bridge and expect a report within a month.\"Gandhians to protestResidents of Sabarmati Ashram will organize a Gandhian-style sit-in at the Dandi Pul to protest its neglect after a portion caught fire on Tuesday afternoon. Dhimant Badhia, whose grandfather was among the first to join Gandhiji in the Dandi March, told TOI, \"We have been writing to AMC and the state government to protect the bridge since 2002, but no action has been taken. Today is the worst of the days. We hope the protest wakes up the authorities.\"Times ViewWe regret having to report the damage to Dandi Pul on April 18, the World Heritage Day. This was a Gandhian legacy Ahmedabad should have been proud of. Such incidents only undermine Ahmedabad's bid to become the first Indian city to get the coveted World Heritage City status. We, at TOI, realise that while we have campaigned hard for preserving the city's heritage, a lot still needs to be done in terms of sensitizing Amdavadis on this important subject. Our resolve is unshaken by this unsavoury incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12711091", "title": "Ex-zilla parishad chief arrested", "text": "CPM's former zilla parishad sabhadhipati Asit Patra was arrested from his home in Jangalpara near Hooghly's Pursura on Tuesday night for his alleged role in medicine scam, when he used to head zilla parishad. He had purchased medicines worth Rs 1 crore, but it was found later that a major portion of the medicines did not reach the government hospitals. He was removed from the post of sabhadhipati in 2008 after complaints of irregularities were lodged. The CMOH, too, was removed and the accountant of the zilla parishad was sacked. Trinamool Congress district president Tapan Dasgupta said that they had raised voice against the scam and sought proper action against Asit Patra. He will be produced in the court on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12710894", "title": "Lucknow University swings into action afterNational Commission for Scheduled Castes notice", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after the National Commission for Scheduled Castes (NCSC) sent a notice to LU MBA head, the university's admission committee on Tuesday deliberated on the allegations of anomalies in evaluation of answer sheets.Meanwhile, students of some departments have also demanded increase in the number of subjects in which a back paper can allowed. The meeting, chaired by vice-chancellor Prof MK Mishra, decided that heads of five departments -- social work, sociology, law, management, and physics -- will hold their respective board of studies, go through the ordinances and analyse if there is a need to make such changes. \"Management students have been demanding that they be allowed to fail in five subjects and yet promoted to the next class. We need to look into if this is required,\" said a teacher present in the meeting. At present, a student failing in more than two subjects in one semester gets a year back. However, a student can fail in maximum four subjects and still get promoted to next semester.The head of the departments will then have to clear the changes made (if any) from their respective deans which will be presented to the VC. \"The VC will then take call on the issue,'' said an official. The meeting also discussed the discrimination charges leveled by MBA students. As per LU information, 19 first semester students who have failed the exams belong to reserved classes (11 SC and 8 OBC), while nine are from general category. \"Since it has been found that the students have not failed in internal assessment, this clearly rules out the possibility of any discrimination,'' said university spokesman Prof Mishra.Some teachers said that students from departments like sociology, social work, political science and law have also been protesting against anomalies in evaluation process but the university has not paid heed to it. \"A notice from NCSC in support of management students has shaken the university to the extent that the VC immediately called up a meeting to look into the matter. The difference is clear,'' said a senior teacher.The mass failure of students from management, law, social work, sociology and other departments has led to resentment on the campus. The students have demanded re-evaluation of answer sheets. But, as per university riles, a student can only see the answer book by moving an RTI application and no re-evaluation is allowed.The issue of non-existence of remedial classes raised by students was also discussed in the meeting. \"It is decided that the university will float the concept of remedial classes during the admission process. It will be held in all departments to help students from weaker sections,\" said Prof Mishra.Meanwhile, Prof Rajeev Pandey has been made the admission coordinator for 2012-13 session. \"The VC has asked him to go through the ordinances related to admissions in UG, PG and PhD courses and come up with viable suggestions. He has also been asked to suggest the names of members coordinating with him, and present a report within a month,'' said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12717000", "title": "Cops need regular health check ups: Former IGP", "text": "INDORE: Stressful duty hours and lack of a mandatory health monitoring mechanism in the police department is seriously affecting the health condition of city's police force, says former Inspector General of Police (IGP) VK Agnihotri.Taking note of the deteriorating health condition of city police, he claimed that the death toll of cops on duty in the past few years was high and alarming. He said that many of the cops lost their lives due to prolonged illnesses and severe stress. The former IGP suggested setting up a mechanism to monitor the health conditions of the cops on a regular basis.As per the document obtained from the police department, as many as 68 serving cops, including police women, posted at different police stations across the city died while on duty due to various ailments between March 1, 2008 and March 31, 2012.Agnihotri lamented that there is no mechanism for regular health check up for cops, who work under stressful conditions. \"Annual medical check up for everyone from constables to senior officials should be made mandatory,\" he said.Talking to ToI on the grave issue, IGP (Indore) Anuradha Shankar said cops were forced to work under tremendous pressure and they hardly get any time to spend with their families. For the last few years, need of health check ups on a regular basis is being recognised, she said, adding that it was not still official but health check up of cops is being made mandatory everywhere. \"In Indore, the SSP has arranged medical check up camp for the cops recently,\" she said.Another issue that drives the city cops to a stressful life is the delay in filling of vacant posts and lack of adequate personnel. Indore police, faced with a severe shortage of staff, has decided to fill the vacancies created in the department following the death of 68 serving cops in the past four years.Sources in the department said that the process is nearing its final stage and the department has been striving hard to fill the posts, which fell vacant due to the death of service personnel over the last several years.The highest number of cops who died on duty was in 2010 (30 cops including 20 constables and four ASIs). In 2009, 14 cops died, claim the documents obtained from the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12710940", "title": "'Lack of faith in national parties is a concern'", "text": "LUCKNOW: The newly appointed state BJP president Laxmikant Bajpayee has said that his endeavour is to further strengthen the party organisation for which he would hold a direct dialogue with workers and motivate them to work towards it. Talking to mediapersons at the party office here on Tuesday, the state BJP chief expressed concern over the dominance of regional political outfits in UP. \"The dominance of regional parties and the diminishing people's faith in national political parties in the state is a matter of concern. It will be the attempt of my party to ensure its victory in forthcoming elections in UP,\" he said. Asking the SP government to start implementing its party's manifesto without wasting more time, Bajpayee warned that the BJP would come on the street to oppose anti-people policies of the SP government. To a question, Bajpai said his party would function as a vigilant opposition and highlight the wrongdoings of the government.Accusing the SP government of Muslim appeasement for vote bank politics, Bajpayee stressed there should not be any discrimination on the basis of religion in implementation of welfare schemes as it damages social harmony. Criticising SP government's announcement of giving financial assistance of Rs 30,000 to girls belonging to minority community, he questioned: \"Why this discrimination on communal lines? If the government wants to give these sops, the same should also be given to members of Jain and Buddhist communities who also belong to minoritry communities\". On urban local bodies elections, he said the Supreme Court had given a time of one and-a-half-month for holding elections. The elections should not be delayed beyond May 31 else the BJP would be compelled to launch an agitation, he warned. Expressing happiness over the results of the Delhi Nagar Nigam election, Bajpayee said it has boosted the morale of the BJP workers. In an attempt to put a lid on the controversy over induction of tainted former Uttar Pradesh minister Babu Singh Kushwaha into the party, he said: \"He (Kushwaha) is neither in the party nor would he ever be.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12714917", "title": "BEd entrance exam in Kanpur on April 23", "text": "KANPUR: The joint BEd entrance examination would be held at 60 centres in the city on April 23. The examination would be held in two shifts from 8am to 11am and 1pm to 4pm. Around 35,010 students would be appearing in it in the city.The postal department had started dispatching the admit cards. Those who have not received the admit cards will receive it in the next two days.This year, Ram Manohar Lohia University, Faizabad, was entrusted with the responsibility of conducting the joint BEd entrance examination.The Faizabad University had roped in six other state universities for conducting it. The Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University is also conducting the examination.CSMU deputy registrar said that the university had raised 60 exam centres in the city.It has been decided to put three observers on duty at each examination centre.The students qualifying the entrance examination would face counselling. Based on the rank and the category, the students would get a chance to select the name of the colleges across the state. According to the availability of the seat, a particular student would be given the preferred choice of college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12711369", "title": "Narrow gauge trains to Chhindwara curtailed", "text": "NAGPUR: In view of the work on converting narrow gauge (NG) railway line into broad gauge, South East Central Railway (SECR) has decided to operate narrow gauge trains till Saunsar only. In a release, senior divisional commercial manager (SrDCM) Pradeep Kumar said the curtailed schedule of trains will be effective from April 20 and will be in force for two months. The SECR is taking up construction of a tunnel in 69km Chhindwara and Saunsar section so NG trains from Nagpur will operate till Saunsar and return. Accordingly, SECR has rescheduled trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12711352", "title": "Dhirubhai Ambani Institute of Information and Technology design opens Microsoft window", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A software designed to assist physiotherapy by the students of Dhirubhai Ambani Institute of Information and Technology (DAIICT) has got the attention of Microsoft officials. The students who designed the software as a part of a software design competition by Microsoft called 'Microsoft Imagine Cup' has been selected to among the top seven in the country.The students Yash Soni (22) and Sonali Dubey (21) studying in final year of Bachelor of Technology in Information and Communication Technology have designed a set of five video games. The games, which the students have designed in consultation of doctors, are aimed to assist and improve the exercise of patients suffering from motor disorder, post stroke syndromes and cerebral palsy and so on.All the games have been designed by using a three dimensional motion sensing device from Microsoft called 'Kinect'.In one of the games, which has been designed for improving hand stability, the patient has to stand in front of the video screen which shows small balloons floating around.Kinect picks up the movements of the patient and a three-dimensional human model in the screen moves in synchrony with the movement of the patient. The patient has to raise his hands and point to a particular balloon and hold a few seconds to break it. In this way the patient can continue to break the rest of the balloons.\"The performances of the patients are constantly recorded by the software. These logs of patients' performances can be later analyzed by the doctors. The difficulty level of the games can also be set accordingly by the doctors,\" said Soni.The students will compete with six other teams at the national level at Delhi on April 24. One winning team will later take part in the international level of the competition in Australia in July.Mark D'Souza, director of Student Programs at Microsoft India said, \"The competition is an initiative to encourage students to ideate towards solving social issues. The competition was started ten years ago.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12715493", "title": "Asin's last laugh Over Kajal", "text": "Ravishing heroines share a stringent competition among themselves despite of their beauty and boldness. Because, success is what that matters and keeps them going. Let us take a look at a silly competition between south hottie Asin and Mumbai girl Kajal Agarwal.Kajal stoles a 'star' shaped gold pendent from Asin. But, Asin baby manages to get it back before it is stolen again by seductress Kajal. At the end, Asin taps on the shoulders of Kajal, appreciating her acts and it is revealed that she has actually swiped the 'star' back. Confused! This is the concept of Lux soap's latest TV commercial featuring 'Kajal' and 'Asin'. Analysts say that the ad is getting huge applause on the day one of its airing during IPL matches.Apparently, there is a hidden meaning behind this concept. In the first of this dual-heroine concept series, Kajal dominated the scenario. Reason is, Kajal is fresh at that time in Bollywood with her 'Singham' release and hit. Now that Asin is back to glory with 'Housefull2', Lux soap is now pushing Asin into the limelight, an advertising professional says. This way the south siren had her upper hand over north beauty!Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12710950", "title": "Thespians touch hearts with poems and Tagore's songs", "text": "KOLKATA: Asaduzzaman Noor on Tuesday touched hearts at the Town Hall on Tuesday with verses by Bangladeshi poets on the freedom struggle, of pain and love. For a long time after this top theatre personality from Bangladesh had finished reading some of these unforgettable, mostly modern poems, the auditorium reverberated with the depth of his emotion.Noor was in the city to participate in the literary festival of Maitree Bandhan, an initiative jointly undertaken by The Times of India and Prothom Alo, the leading daily of Bangladesh, to bring the two countries together.On Tuesday, the audience was treated to a unique programme. On the one hand, they got a taste of Noor's breathtaking elocution skills and on the other, they saw none other than thespian Rudraprasad Sengupta and his team take the audience through a tour of Rabindranath Tagore, by reading and singing from his poems, songs, accompanied by music created on the synthesiser and the violin by Swatilekha Sengupta. The programme was christened 'Amar Priyo Rabindranath'.It was like the bard taking you by the finger and leading you through rolling meadows, through ravines, through the sights and scents that are essentially Bangla without the punctuation of borders.When the team, complete with Senguptas' daughter Sohini and actor Debshankar, sang Banglar Mati Banglar Gaan, everyone in the hall could perhaps feel that bond with their motherland. The eternal tune of 'Auld Lang Syne' that gave birth to the immortal 'Purano Shei Diner Katha', the doe-eyed dusky girl 'Krishnakali' were all part of this remarkable composition. The audience was quick to join in and everyone sang 'Purano Shei Diner Katha' and 'Krishnokoli Ami Tarei Boli' just as effortlessly.\"We are one people, though we are citizens of two countries. The borders are a tough reality, but can never stop us from reaching out and tugging at each other's heartstrings,\" smiled Rudraprasad.\"Let the political leaders decide how to bridge the distance, but let us come forward on our own and flood each other with love and brotherhood,\" said Noor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "karur", "code": "12710457", "title": "Unidentified man charred to death inside burning car", "text": "KARUR: An unidentified man was charred to death on the back seat of a car that was completely destroyed by fire at C Gudalur in Karur district in the late hours, on Monday.At around 11.30 pm on Monday, residents of the village found that a small car parked near a farm owned by a certain Subburathinam was engulfed in flames. So, they passed on the information to the fire and rescue personnel as well as the police.On getting the information, fire personnel headed by divisional fire officer Dhavamani and a police team comprising Aravakurchi deputy superintendent of police Zia ul Haq and inspector P Sugumar rushed to the spot. It took a few minutes for the personnel to extinguish the fire. However, the car was mostly ruined. Then the police thoroughly inspected car in which a man was charred to death on the back seat. But his identity could not be confirmed as the body was completely burnt.Initial investigations could not reveal the mystery behind the death.The police are clueless about whether it was an accident owing to leakage of gas or a planned murder. An investigation has begun into all possible angles. Police have also sought help from the regional transport officer of Nilgiris division as the car (TN 43 A 3262 ), is registered there.According to the police, all the doors of the car were locked and the man was found lying on the back seat. Hence it raised suspicion that he might have been murdered. In addition to that, the car rammed the tree on the roadside but there was no clue about the driver.When asked, inspector Sugumar said they could not ascertain the mystery behind the scene. They hoped the investigation with the owner of the car would ensure some headway in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12710780", "title": "First baby care centre at women\u2019s city college", "text": "PATNA: Teachers and students of Women's Training College, a constituent unit of Patna University (PU), won't have to bunk their classes now if their maids do not turn up and there is no one else to look after their children at home.The college has become the first institution in the state with a baby care centre for the children of its teachers and other employees. Students with children, too, can avail themselves of the centre's benefit.This centre was inaugurated here by art and culture minister Sukhda Pandey at a colourful function held on Tuesday. As many as seven babies of college staff were seen playing with toys at the beautifully decorated centre on the first day itself.Eulogizing the efforts of the college in setting up the much-needed baby care centre, Pandey said that the college staff would not worry now about the proper care of their children during their working hours. She narrated her own difficulties in rearing up her two daughters while studying in college. The minister pleaded for opening of such centres in every girls' institution in the state.Social welfare minister Parveen Amanullah appreciated the idea of setting up of such a centre in educational institutions and hoped that women would now perform their duties more sincerely. If women start working with enthusiasm and dedication, the state is bound to prosper, she added.PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh said that though the concept of baby care centre at the work places of women is not new for the corporate sector and various developed institutions, it is quite innovative for a college in the city. Other colleges of PU would certainly emulate this idea soon. He also pleaded for making it mandatory to set up such centres at all such places where there is an appreciable number of women workers.College principal Jessie Modi pointed out that the UGC has provided a sum of Rs 2 lakh for setting up this centre. Such centre has become a necessity now, as the concept of joint families is waning. This centre would ensure regular presence of faculty members and students, she added. A lively skit depicting the importance of baby care centre was also presented by the college students on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12711222", "title": "Food and Drugs Administration raids on city eateries", "text": "NAGPUR: The Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) on Tuesday raided some eateries running without valid licence in VCA complex and in its vicinity. The raid was a part of the drive expected to continue for at least a month. The purpose of the raid is to check unauthorized and unhygienic eateries.Assistant commissioner of food S B Naragude told TOI the drive was being conducted as per standards laid down in the Food Safety Act. \"We have issued notices to all those found running an eatery without licence as well as those cooking in unhygienic conditions. We are cracking down on even street vendors who do not possess licence,\" he said.The eateries raided include Jain Kulfi, Chocolate Treat, M/S Crackers and M/S Paj Chinese. Two street vendors taken to task were Ravi Foods and Catering Services and Christ Pan and Tea Corner. tnnTheir owners have been instructed to use clean water and get medical tests of their staff.The FDA team that conducted the raid included besides Naragude, food safety officer A G Deshpande, B G Nandanwar, M P Pawar, Ms S R Surkar and Ms R Y Wanjari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12711951", "title": "BSY warns backstabbers in party", "text": "BANGALORE: Sending yet another warning signal to BJP central leaders that he won't hesitate to take drastic steps, former chief minister BS Yedyurappa on Tuesday said he'll prove what he is capable of over the next few days.At a function organized by Karnataka Rajya Savita Samaja, he said: \"My silence all these days should not be considered as weakness. If others in the party don't have the potential to become leaders, they should not resort to cheap politics to finish me off.\"Yeddyurappa's veiled attack on chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, state BJP president KS Eshwarappa and central leaders comes when the Supreme Court is expected to hear CEC recommendation on CBI probe on his involvement in illegal mining. The BJP leaders asked Gowda on Monday to postpone the proposed cabinet expansion. They also told Yeddyurappa to put off his visit to Delhi.Yeddyurappa said he's not afraid of conspiracy and backstabbing. \"Time will teach a good lesson to those who conspired against me. Those trying to pull me down will never be successful,\" he said. The missed opportunity of presenting a budget still bothers him. \"If I had presented the state budget, I would have given importance to education,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12711918", "title": "Parents abandon 3-month-old boy in hospital", "text": "BANGALORE: A 3-month-old baby boy was abandoned by his parents at the Indira Gandhi Institute of Child Health in the Nimhans campus off Hosur Road. He's in a critical condition after developing breathing problems. The baby has been breathing through an oxygen mask for the past two days.Doctors of the hospital said they cannot do a surgery without the consent of his parents. The hospital has approached the Child Welfare Committee and police before initiating further steps.The baby was admitted to the hospital last Wednesday with internal infection and hernia. \"When the baby was admitted, he was in a serious condition. We admitted him directly to the paediatric intensive care unit. We informed his mother about the diagnosis. However, three days ago, the mother disappeared from the hospital,\" said Dr M Govindraju, hospital medical superintendent.CWC officials visited the hospital on Tuesday and met with hospital authorities. \"We have decided to continue the baby's medical treatment in the same hospital,\" a CWC official said.Documents furnished to the hospital indicate the baby is from Krishnagiri district of Tamil Nadu. The mother brought the baby (name withheld) in the critical situation. \"When we spoke to others in the ICU, we learnt that she had told the woman in the next bed that she would come in some time and took her belongings and left. We tried to contact her when she did not come back after a day. She said she would come back but after that there was no contact with her,\" said Dr Govindraju.Sonia Narang, deputy commissioner of police, south said a report has been filed with the police and attempts to track the parents are under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710406", "title": "South China Sea figures in Indo-US talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The United States and India held their fifth regional dialogue on the Asia-Pacific region here on Tuesday during which the situation in South China Sea was discussed at length, said government sources. As tension rises between Beijing and several of its neighbouring countries, including India, over exploration, the US said that the laws of the seas should apply and that all disputes be addressed through dialogue.\"We try not to get in to the business of bilateral interactions and disputes but instead have a principled policy about the parameters on which the dialogue and discussion should be based,\" said the US assistant secretary for east Asian and Pacific affairs Kurt Campbell , who led the US delegation.\"All I would say is that the United States is very, very careful about how we talk about and how we act in the South China Sea,\" he said when asked specifically about the dispute between India and China over exploration in the South China Sea.According to a release issued by the US Embassy, both sides discussed a wide range of global trends and regional issues of mutual concern and committed to continue the exchange regularly in the future. The Indian side was led by MEA joint secretary (East Asia) Gautam Bambawale.Campbell said US secretary of state Hillary Clinton had laid out \"very clear criteria about how we would like to see issues handled, that are legally based and issues associated with the law of the sea.\"Government sources said that the US explained about the \"strategic pivot\" to Asia, largely focusing on East Asia, during the talks.''The two sides also discussed DPRK related developments and exchanged notes on Korean peninsula post the unsuccessful launching of rocket. They also discussed Myanmar, India-US-Japan forthcoming trilateral dialogue scheduled in Tokyo on April 23, regional issues like ARF, East Asia Summit and South China Sea,'' said a source.India and the US had on Monday also held in six years their first political-military dialogue during which the two sides also discussed key issues such as defence trade, including US reform process in their export policy, counter-piracy, and regional political-military issues.Help sought to find remains of 94 WW-II airmen: During the political-military dialogue on Monday, the Americans sought permission from Indian authorities to survey areas in the north-east for the remains of its 94 airmen, who had died in crashes in the region during the World War II. Government sources said that the American side raised the issue of recovery and repatriation of US service members. ''We have conveyed to them that we are open to considering it on humanitarian grounds,'' said a source, adding that this was not the first time the US had sought India's cooperation for this. The US launched search operations several years ago for its pilots who either crashed into the mountains or were shot down while transporting arms and equipment to China that had been invaded by the Japanese. Their remains are said to be scattered all across the border region between India and China. The first such search mission was launched in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12709843", "title": "YMCA opens after total overhaul", "text": "MUMBAI: A stunted two-storey building located amid the profane highrises at Mumbai Central was the proverbial goldmine for salivating land sharks. Nearly a hundred years old, the property was not a listed heritage structure, so it could be easily demolished, and it had a vast compound including a swimming pool as well. Despite the odds, the modest structure has not only survived but gained a fresh lease of life. Its lessees, the YMCA, invited a conservation architect to repair and restore the building at a cost of Rs 1.80 crore, even though their lease is set to expire next year.The refurbished working men's hostel of the YMCA at Agripada was rededicated to users at an impressive ceremony on Tuesday, on the eve of World Heritage Day.\"It was nicknamed the Pool Branch because it housed the only swimming pool in the area at the time,\" said Paul George, general secretary, YMCA. \"In fact, our two-storey structure was one of the tallest to come up in 1913, when the entire neighbourhood consisted mainly of small bungalows. Not a single bungalow is left in the area now.\"Today, although this is the midget about town, its swimming pool still remains the neighbour's envy. Builders of upcoming skyscrapers are selling apartments by cashing in on a \"poolside view\" afforded by the YMCA. The seepage problems during the monsoon and structural distress in the building forced architect Vikas Dilawari to carry out a year-long, complete overhaul.\"This assignment gave me the opportunity to turn a ramshackle structure into a handsome building,\" he said, giving credit to the YMCA for having restored three of its old properties in a row.Hostelites recall how the roof of the structure had opened up one monsoon, spraying water onto the ceiling fan and the sleeping inmates below. On Tuesday, they were overawed as they toured their new home, soaking in the beauty of the Burma teak doors and the 'international-style bathrooms'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12710485", "title": "97 students of Thanjavur college oppose \u2018unfair fees\u2019", "text": "TRICHY: As many as 97 undergraduate students of self-financing courses in Thamizhavel Umamakeswaranar Karanthai (TUK) Arts and Science College in Thanjavur have complained to the management that they cannot afford to pay the excess fee being charged by the institution, in breach of a government order. But the college has stood its ground saying inflationary pressures would not allow them to run self-financing courses if students did not pay enhanced fees.As per government order 265 dated May 12, 1997, a maximum tuition fee of Rs 1,350 per academic year could be charged by an institution for an arts or science discipline of the undergraduate programme. There are about 1,500 students in the self-financing wing of the government-aided college. The second year arts and science students must appear for their second semester exams on April 27, and whether or not they will be allowed to appear is a question the authorities will have to answer. A similar predicament cropped up during the first semester exams of the second year earlier when the management refused to issue applications forms for exams unless the fees were paid. The students approached Bharathidasan University which allowed them to appear for the exam.This time around, the management has reasoned that the students must pay the yearly fee of Rs 9,000, (Rs 4,500 per semester ) or else it would not allow them to sit for the exams. This was resisted by the students who agitated in front of the college on Monday until the police intervened.In the meanwhile, responding to a letter of K Arularasan of the Students Federation of India (SFI), the regional joint director of collegiate education, (RJDCE), Trichy, A Mary Megi, wrote to the secretary of TUK college advising him to receive fees as per the government order.TUK's principal Dr Rajamani reasoned that her college neither charged any admission fee, nor any capitation fee from students while other colleges indulged in that.Dr Rajamani further justified her college's stand of collecting what the students said was \"excess fee\", reasoning that since the GO 265 of 1997 was issued, expenses had in the meanwhile skyrocketed, and hence it was very difficult to run the courses without charging what the college intended to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12716091", "title": "Tusker \u2018killed\u2019 by elephant herd", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The carcass of a 40-year-old tusker was found at Bharatpur, on the outskirts of the city on Tuesday, who is believed to have been killed by a herd of elephants at Chandaka elephant sanctuary.Divisional forest officer of the sanctuary AK Patnaik said, \"It was one of our most handsome elephants. From the injuries on the body of the elephant it is suspected that he was killed in a fight with other elephants.\" Foresters believe a herd of 12 elephants came to this part of the sanctuary a couple of days ago. Villagers said they saw a herd loitering in the area on Monday. They might have engaged in a feud with the tusker and attacked him, forest officials said.Patnaik said elephants sometimes fight over entering into each other's territories or over possession of their female counterparts. Deep injuries on the body of the deceased animal suggested he was brutally attacked by other elephants. Post mortem report will reveal the exact cause of its death, the DFO added.Sanctuary officials said there are 67 elephants in the sanctuary, which have been travelling long distances in different corridors. The dead animal was single and used to remain in Bharatpur-Dampada area.In a similar incident a few months ago, another elephant was killed in Kuldiha reserve forest in Balasore dstrict, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12716203", "title": "Ram Charan is a star in his own right: Amitabh Bachchan", "text": "Amitabh Bachchan thinks very highly about Ram Charan Tej. The Bollywood superstar made it a point to go say hello to Charan on the sets of \"Zanjeer\" and he had a lot of nice things to say about the Tollywood heartthrob. \"Charan is a very successful star in his own right in Telugu cinema. He is the son of superstar Chiranjeevi, a dear friend. I met them and wished them well. I do hope they will make a successful film,\" the actor was quoted as saying when asked what he thought about Ram Charan playing the iconic character Vijay in the movie. Big B went on to add that he was happy that the film which established him as the angry young man of Bollywood was being remade. \"It is a compliment to the film, that it is being remade after all these years. How many films carry the benefit of a remake? It is what needs to be appreciated also,\" he opined.source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12710981", "title": "Looking 'metrospectively'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: You hear a baby wailing in the distance; women fighting on the top of their voices; the rumble of the 17:43 slow local to Kandivali; the bright red BEST bus zooming past and a Bollywood song blaring from an auto: Amdavadis on Tuesday were invited to be part of teh 'Maximum City' - Mumbai.Depicting the countless aspirations and stark contrasts of Mumbai, MH01, a solo show by Mumbai-based artist Raj More at Amdavad ni Gufa, screams of the realities of life in the city that never sleeps and yet lures people with dreams.\"The more you've heard of Mumbai, the less you know about it. It's a city that needs to be experienced to know who she really is,\" says More. \"People come to the city with so many dreams, more often than not, to be part of the film industry, and their whole life - packed into a 10X10 ft space - is spent in trying to achieve those dreams. Life in Mumbai changes with the same speed that locals zoom in and out of stations and everywhere you look, there are contrasting images.\"More's current works on display have been curated by Vijay Patel and Gira Patel and while focusing on the transport, is a patchwork of what makes the city come alive. The Dharavi slums one side, and skyscrapers on the other, cool cabs replacing the black and yellow taxis, the changing values of the political scenario, the cramped locals that are Mumbai's lifeline, the red-light areas and many more images gives More's work much more depth than just the superficial aura that surrounds the city. \"My work on Mumbai is a thought process, not a landscape,\" stresses More, who studied at Sir J J School of Arts, Mumbai and wanted to be a filmmaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur/bhandara", "code": "12711952", "title": "Bombay high court flays minister Kamble, asks him to pay Rs 5,000", "text": "NAGPUR/BHANDARA: The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court directed Bhandara guardian minister Ranjit Kamble to pay Rs 5,000 to the petitioner Bhandara Zilla Parishad's public works committee chairman Charan Waghmare.The petitioner alleged that the minister, ex-officio chairman of the district planning committee, had replaced the list of zilla parishad works of 62 items having administrative sanction with his own list.The court observed that Kamble had allowed himself to go out of the way and tried to subvert and dilute the powers conferred on the zilla parishad under the Act and under Article 243 of the Constitution of India. The court further warned that the minister treated himself like 'king' and zilla parishad like his 'subject'.Besides imposing costs on the minister, the court also directed the executive engineer, district planning officer and the collector, to pay Rs 2,000 each towards costs of the petition. The court has given two weeks time to the respondents to deposit the fine in the court.On Monday, Bhandara ZP chairman Vasant Enchilwar in a press conference said, \"The works of rural roads and civil construction works in C grade pilgrim centres come under zilla parishad and PWD, but the right of ZP to select the works was denied by Kamble who wrongfully used his power and post.\"The minister put pressure on additional chief executive officer, district collector, executive engineer (ZP and PWD) and district planning officer to issue work orders of his signed list of works. It was an infringement of the rights of zilla parishad,\" Enchilwar said.When the chairman of PWD committee of Bhandara ZP Waghmare came to know about the violation of ZP rights, he filed a case against four persons - guardian minister, collector, ZP executive engineer and district planning officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12712063", "title": "CAG slams Maharashtra government on Lavasa", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government is under the scanner for lack of transparency in facilitating planned hill city of Lavasa in state's Pune district. The CAG report has slammed the state \"for failing to adhere to regulations, amending existing laws for the project, disturbing the already ecologically fragile environment and violating green norms''.\"The project seems to be driven by private interest and not by public interest,\" the report said.The report noted that despite the fact that Lavasa Corporation Ltd (LCL) is a commercial venture designed to cater to the elite, the government granted exemptions and concessions from payment of stamp duty and registration fees. The concession availed were Rs 4.31 crore towards stamp duty and Rs 5.39 lakh for the registration fees.According to LCL, there has been no special exemption given to the project: \"As per Maharashtra Government's Tourism Policy 2006, stamp duty exemption is given to any tourism project. Therefore, like many other tourism projects in Maharashtra, Lavasa has also got stamp duty exemption. The exemption to Lavasa was approximately Rs 5 crore.\" Special regulations were framed by the government without any expert study or survey on where hill stations, said the CAG report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "12716338", "title": "Buddhist era idol unearthed in Jajpur", "text": "KENDRAPADA: A 6th century stone image of Heruka was recovered from an agricultural field in Nathuabar of Jajpur district on Monday. A villager named Kelu Charna Panda spotted the idol while digging the ground and the archeological evidence has been kept in the village.\"Now we are digging the site for some more archaeological evidence from the area,\" said Manas Kumar Rout, a Buddhist researcher in the district. The object found suggests that it was a prominent area of Buddhist civilization. Elephants, two of which accompanied the image of Goddess Mahalaxmi, dancing damsels and the images of seven Buddhist monks and Lord Buddha are engrafted on the stone idol. The other face of the artifact has the image of a man resting alongside the image of a monkey.The village of Nathuabar is situated near the famous Buddhist sites of Lalitagiri, Ratnagiri, Udayagiri, Kaima and Langudi - the site at which the Archeological Survey of India (ASI) unearthed many Buddha images, potteries and other artifacts.Locals alleged that ASI and the state archeological wing have been paying little attention to the small unknown Buddhist sites in villages where images of Buddha and other archeological findings are gathering dust. In many cases, the antique lifters managed to pilfer some of the rare images, said Ajya Bebrata Das, the vice-president of \"Budhayan\", a social organisation that works for the conservation of Buddhist sites in Jajpur and other nearby areas. \"The ASI officials should visit the areas that the image has been unearthed from. The idol is not only historically significant but also reveals the artistic excellence and iconographic know-how of the era\", said Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12715991", "title": "Five get life in Ajsu leader murder case", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The district court here on Tuesday awarded life imprisonment to five convicts of a double murder case in which Ajsu leader Bacchu Ghosh was also killed in 2008.District and sessions judge (II) R K Chaudhary pronounced the sentence to Sunil Verma, Kishan Mukhi, Sanjay Prasad alias Munna Ram, Mansa Lohar and Satish Langra. The court declared Krishna Rao, another accused in the case, an absconder.\"We are satisfied with the quantum of punishment pronounced by the court,\" said additional public prosecutor B D Pandey. The court in its judgment on April 13, 2012, had convicted five accused in the case and reserved the pronouncement of quantum of punishment for April 17.On March 29, 2008, 32-year-old Ghosh, a liquor seller was attacked at his residence at Ramnagar in Kadma. Police said criminals opened fire on Ghosh and hurled bombs on him injuring him seriously on the spot.Ghosh's aide Raja Bhattacharya, who was also with him, was also attacked. The duo were rushed to the Tata Main Hospital immediately but were declared brought dead. Police had then quelled the mob that included supporters of Ghosh, who were not ready for the postmortem of the deceased unless the accused were arrested.The convicts said they would appeal to higher court against the judgment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad/visakhapatnam", "code": "12710809", "title": "Satyamurthy passes away", "text": "HYDERABAD/VISAKHAPATNAM: Kambham Gnana Satyamurthy, one of the founder members of the dreaded People's War Group (PWG), died of a prolonged illness at Kandulapadu in G Konduru mandal in Krishna district on Tuesday morning. The 84-year-old revolutionary was instrumental in shaping the naxalite movement in the country.Satyamurthy, famously known as SM, formed the PWG in 1980s along with the legendary Kondapalli Seetaramaiah. PWG was formed as an armed guerrilla force to wage war against landlords.He played a vital role in bringing the splinter groups of Marxist-Leninist parties, following the failure of the Srikakulam armed struggle and Naxalbari movement, into one fold by conducting a meeting at Guttikondabilam in Guntur district. The meeting was held in a temple by passing it off as a marriage ritual due to severe repression by the state.SM was directly involved in the Srikakulam armed struggle and was arrested in connection with Parvathipuram conspiracy case.According to old-timers of PWG, SM was known as 'Ho Chi Minh' of the Indian revolutionary movement. \"He was Ho Chi Minh to us with a pen in one hand and a gun in another. He firmly believed that cultural activities alone would bring about a revolution,\" an old-timer recalled.SM was influenced by Subbarao Panigrahi, one of the key revolutionaries of the Srikakulam struggle.SM and Seetaramaiah, who was famously known as KS, looted money and weapons from the RPF at Garla in Warangal district when the railway authorities were on their way to pay salaries to the staff at the wayside stations.SM visited villages, organised squads and wrote enduring revolutionary poetry under the pseudonym 'Shiv Sagar.' He was one of the first PWG central committee secretaries and a guiding force behind Jana Natya Mandali (JNM), the cultural wing of PWG.Satyamurthy suffered a paralyzing stroke five years ago and another stroke confined him to the bed. He was not only a literary icon but a great singer too.SM started his career as an English teacher at Fatima School in Warangal where KS was also teaching Hindi. They quickly became friends.In 1977, KS was arrested and Satyamurthy became the head of the party. \"When KS was in jail, people started coming to me and telling me about the caste discrimination they faced,\" Satyamurthy said in one of his interviews. SM used to talk about Ambedkar's teachings and caste discrimination within the party.Satyamurthy became aware of his caste background and how it impacted other cadres within the revolutionary party.An old-timer quoted Satyamurthy \"I am a Mala. Whenever I went for a bath, someone would leave something valuable in the bathing area to see if I stole it. They thought it was a caste habit and I guess they were testing me.\"SM differed with the PWG leadership and decided to bring together Ambedkar's philosophy and Marxism. The ideological differences between him and KS led to a crisis in the party and SM was expelled from the party in 1987.Satyamurthy raised his voice against massive militarization in the party. He believed that only massive mobilization of people and their involvement would bring change in the society. He ran a few magazines like 'Edureetha' and 'Nalupu' to espouse dalit empowerment and established Bahujan Republican Party.Sources said he focused all his energy in his last years talking about the need to tackle the caste factor in Indian society.He is survived by wife Manemma, two daughters - Anupama, a doctor, and Sridevi , an engineer with Visakha Steel Plant and a son Siddhartha. His elder son Soujanya died two years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "12710811", "title": "Demand for CUB at Motihari intensifies", "text": "MOTIHARI: More than one lakh people of East Champaran district, including children and women, came out on the roads throughout the district and formed human chains, demanding establishment of Central University Bihar (CUB) at Motihari.The protesters shouted slogans against the Union government and urged the Prime Minister and the HRD minister to \"shun politics and policy of divide and rule\". Enraged over the Centre's delay in setting up CUB at Motihari, the agitators demanded resignation of HRD minister Kapil Sibal.After forming the human chains, the agitators also stopped road and rail traffic in the district for an hour. According to reports, NH28 and NH28A were blocked at more than 50 points and the rail traffic was disrupted on Muzaffarpur-Raxaul section.CUB Struggle Committee secretary Rai Sundardeo Sharma said that the movement was \"successful and peaceful\". The workers and leaders of the Congress, NDA as well as all other parties participated in this programme. The three-month-long agitation to establish CUB at Motihari gained momentum when common people right from remote villages to the district headquarters burnt effigies of Sibal on roads.Angry people also burnt effigies of state urban development minister and Gaya MLA Prem Kumar at several places. Prem is also also the minister in charge of East Champaran Programme Implementation Committee. Prem Kumar will face acid test when he arrives at Motihari on April 20 in course of CM Nitish Kumar's Seva Yatra, said CUB Youth Struggle Committee convener Anand Kaushik. Black flags would be shown to him by students, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12709900", "title": "Tobacco shops near schools fall in line", "text": "MUMBAI: A few days after the BMC issued a circular for compliance to anti-tobacco laws, the change is already visible. The advertisements at many paan shops were covered with white paper, while shops near educational institutes had hidden all tobacco products by Tuesday.The BMC recently issued a circular banning the sale of tobacco and tobacco products to minors and within 100 yards of educational institutes. The circular also said that the licence of any shop advertising tobacco products can be revoked.\"Making these rules a part of licensing is a path-breaking decision by the BMC,\" said Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi, oncologist from Tata Memorial Hospital, who has been working to ban tobacco. \"Any shop found selling tobacco or tobacco products to minors or within 100 yards of educational institutes or not having the prescribed signage will have action taken against it. The action is well-prescribed, starting with a warning letter and forfeiture of security to revoking the licence,\" he said.The circular is meant to implement the Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products (COPTA) Act, which was passed in 2003. According to experts, inclusion of cancellation of licence was a much better punishment for selling tobacco to minors as compared to charging a fine. \"Earlier, according to the law, there was a minimal fine for selling tobacco to minors. The shops hardly took it seriously,\" said Devika Chadha, programme director, Salaam Bombay Foundation.The COTPA states that the fine for violation of the Act \"may extend to Rs 200\". Chadha said, \"Cancellation of licence is a graver threat to wrong-doers, as they have much more than money on stake,\" adding that the implementation of these laws was important.On its part, the BMC is all set to work at the grassroots level. According to Dr Anil Bandivdekar, executive health officer, the BMC is planning to sensitize shopowners. \"Before the re-opening of schools in June, we are planning a sensitization drive for all legal shopowners. Once that is done, it will be seen that no shops near educational institutes sell tobacco or tobacco products. Implementation of all the COTPA laws will be ensured,\" he said.Experts are hopeful that the anti-tobacco laws are going to work this time as well. \"Following the high court order of cancellation of licences of restaurants that allowed smoking, smoking in public places has actually gone down. Similarly, the current COTPA laws will work too,\" said Chaturvedi, adding that the onus of compliance has now shifted to shopowners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12711819", "title": "Village activists cry foul over ward delimitation", "text": "PANAJI: With less than a month left for the panchayat polls, representatives from villages in Goa submitted a memorandum to the director of panchayats as well as Goa state election commission demanding that the government take cognizance of the delimitation anomalies.Addressing mediapersons at the directorate of panchayats, Fr Bismarque Dias, environmental activist from St Estevam, said \"Goan villagers have been raising objections to the delimitation of the panchayat wards since the last month. The people are tired.\"\"We sought an appointment with the panchayat minister Laxmikant Parsekar but he refused to meet us. He told us he can only meet us next Monday (by which time there will be no scope for any remedial measures),\" Dias said. He further claimed that in his village of St Estevam, the villagers discovered that the delimitation maps were drawn by a peon.\"There is no geographical continuity in the delimitation. Half of ward 1 has been put in ward 10. These are not minor errors but have been deliberately done,\" Dias said, while adding that such errors have been made all over the state.He added that there has been no consultation of the villagers nor has any gram sabha been held for the purpose of the delimitation process.\"The BJP had said there would be zero tolerance (to corruption and illegalities), but no proper process has been followed for the delimitation,\" Dias added.Peter Pires from St Cruz said Mahatma Gandhi had thought the panchayati raj system would help village people, but this was \"an insult\" to Gandhi. He alleged that reservation of seats for women and OBCs had been done to favour certain candidates. \"Parsekar cannot spare five minutes to meet us,\" Pires added.Prakash Bandodkar, president of Pilerne Citizen's Forum , alleged ministers were involved in the delimitation manipulations. \"They (ministers) are not meeting us. The government should tell us who has done it (anomalies),\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710258", "title": "MCD polls: Rebels set to play kingmaker", "text": "NEW DELHI: Independents and smaller parties played an important role in shaping the municipal poll outcome this time. Together, these two groups won 57 seats, which is more than a fourth of the number won by Congress and BJP together.Independents, mostly rebels from Congress and BJP, won 24 seats - four in North Corporation, 14 in South Corporation and six in East Corporation. BSP won 15 seats, followed by Rashtriya Lok Dal (5) and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) winning six seats.In South Delhi Corporation, which has 104 seats, 31 were won by independents and smaller parties. Their support is going to be crucial in deciding the running of the city's richest corporation as neither Congress nor BJP has a simple majority.In Kasturba Nagar assembly constituency, BJP lost on three out of four seats because one of its leaders, Jagdish Mamgain, decided to go against the party over denial of a poll ticket. \"Kishan Shehrawat from Mahipalpur, Praveen Rajput from Sagarpur, Narender Yadav from Hastsal and Pradeep from Chhawla are only a few of the BJP rebels who contested as independents from South Delhi Corporation and won. We will try to bring them back to the party,\" said a BJP leader.The rebel factor has worked against Congress also. A senior Congress leader, who did not want to be named, said rebels in the Congress worked silently to spoil the chances of party candidates.\"In East Delhi, for example, Congress lost on two seats - Vivek Vihar and Tigri - which were won by rebels from the party who were denied tickets. Seats in Patparganj and Kondli assembly constituency, both strongholds of the Congress, were lost due to dissidence,\" said Congress sources.BSP, SP and other smaller parties did not win on many seats in East Delhi but they cut into the minority votes, benefiting BJP.Congress won only 19 seats in the East Delhi Corporation, which is chief minister Sheila Dikshit's bastion and the parliamentary constituency of her son Sandeep Dikshit.Last time, there were 1,216 independent candidates, of whom 15 won. Among smaller political parties, Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) had won 17 seats. Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and INLD won two seats each and Lok Janshakti Party (LJP) candidates won three.\"This time, there was a BJP wave. Our senior leaders could not campaign because of the UP debacle, so we could win only 15 seats. The tally will increase in the coming years,\" said BSP leader Suman Saini.Other smaller parties also sounded upbeat. \"We have started with two seats but by the assembly elections we will prepare ourselves so well as to win more than 20 assembly constituencies,\" said Satyam Srivastava, spokesperson of Samajwadi Party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12709575", "title": "Co-accused in Ravanan case recall bail plea", "text": "CHENNAI: An anticipatory bail petition filed by two brothers, who were listed as accused along with Sasikalaa's aide M R P Raavanan in a case of cheating and criminal intimidation, has been dismissed as withdrawn.When the matter came up for hearing before principal district and sessions judge P Kalaiyarasan, city public prosecutor M L Jegan said that since the police were going to file a chargesheet in the Alandur judicial magistrate court and the case would come under the jurisdiction of the district court in Chengalpet.In their petition, the duo - Sathyaseelan and Nagarajan - said they apprehended arrest in connection with an FIR dated January 27, 2012 in which they were named along with Ravanan. The latter was charged with allegedly receiving 1 crore from Tirupur-based realtor Krishnamurthy to obtain a sand mining license on the stretch of the Cauvery river from Tiruchy to Karur. When Ravanan was requested to return the money, he reportedly threatened Krishnamurthy.The brothers maintained that they had not committed any offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12711878", "title": "3 convicted for poaching leopard", "text": "NAGPUR: A local court at Wadsa in Gadchiroli district has convicted three accused for poaching a leopard in 1996. The judgement came after 16 years of trial.The three accused - Iqbal Sheikh, resident of Wadsa (Desaiganj), Sayyad Julfikar Ali and Sheikh Chand Sheikh, both from Nagpur - were sentenced to three years rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs 10,000 each by judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) on Thursday.According to forest officials, eight accused had been trapped with a leopard skin on Wadsa-Brahmapuri railway line in 1996. But only three were convicted while others were acquitted for lack of strong evidence.\"All the accused have obtained bail and plan to appeal in the higher court,\" said assistant government pleader (AGP) SK Pardhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12711165", "title": "184 custodial deaths in Gujarat and still counting", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The spate of police encounters in Gujarat which saw 23 police officials being pushed behind bars made activist Kantilal Parmar wonder how many lives were lost while being in police or judicial custody. There was no easy access to information and Parmar filed Right to Information (RTI) applications with individual district police seeking data of custodial deaths in the state from year 1990 to 2007. He got information from 15 districts and Vadodara jail which revealed that a good 184 people who were in police and judicial custody died between these 17 years.Parmar, however, has not got information from the rest 10 districts and has been doggedly pursuing the application to get the entire picture of custodial deaths in the state. Parmar's basic objective to file the RTI was to aid the Supreme Court appointed Special Investigating Team (SIT) investigating fake encounters in Gujarat with the information.The RTI application has revealed that 184 people died while in police or judicial custody from 1990-2007. Interestingly, nine were killed in police firing and three were murdered while they were in the security of either police lock-up or the jail.Heart failure was common-place with 28 custodial deaths reported due to heart failure. For instance, Rajnikant Kachiya has been recorded to have died of heart failure while he was being investigated by the police in 2006. Earlier, Abdulla Saiyad too died of heart attack while under police investigation.Curiously, 28 people killed themselves while in police custody. Vasant Savjibhai Vankar of Chandkheda killed himself by hanging himself by his shirt in 2003. Kantilal Vallabhbhai too hanged himself by his shirt in 2004 in Amreli. Pratabhai Dadabhai consumed poison while in jail in 2006.Many prisoners got murdered while in custody. Taiyab Umarbhai was murdered while under police escort in 2001. Haji Jusab Dafer of Amreli was killed in police firing. Vallabh Solanki, Praveen Jebaliya were killed in police firing in 2006.\"I wish to get the entire records and submit these details to the Supreme Court appointed SIT investigating fake encounters in Gujarat. The details I have received so far seems has given only 50 per cent of the details. The total number of custodial deaths must be far higher than 184 in these years\", says Parmar.Parmar says that encounter is violation of the Right to Life and he believes that this basic right should not be violated. \"In many cases, I feel that there is more to the death than what meets the eye. I wish that all these custodial deaths should also be investigated along with fake encounters to know what is really happening\", the activist said.Total custodial deaths- 184Police firing- 9Murders- 3Death due to illness- 128Suicides- 28Curious cases*Death by jumping in the well*Death by jumping off the dam*Death due to slipping in the bathroom in police custody*Death by jumping off fifth floor*Death by accident with a bus*Death by jumping off the police jeep", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12712022", "title": "Finance Commission reviews Nagpur Improvement Trust working", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT), on Monday, gave a presentation before the members of fourth finance commission of the state to ensure that Nagpurians got basic amenities in the next five years. NIT officials also apprised J P Dange, chairman of the commission, about the prestigious projects undertaken by it. Dange told NIT to submit a comprehensive development plan for the city to the finance commission.Dange had visited NIT office for reviewing its working. NIT officials told Dange that the agency had not received crores due to it from the state government. Dange assured the commission would recommended the government to immediately provide the funds. Acting NIT chairman Sanjeev Jaiswal apprised Dange about NIT's budget for 2012-13 in detail. Dange recommended some steps to make NIT's financial condition stronger.NIT superintending engineer Sunil Gujjelwar apprised Dange about the activities being carried out by the agency in Nagpur metro region. He said that NIT needed more resources to ensure that the metro region developed in consonance with the population growth of the city.A C Munje, deputy director of town planning, Nagpur, told Dange that as members of Nagpur metropolitan area planning committee (NMAPC) had changed following elections of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), Nagpur zilla parishad and municipal councils in the metro region, another election for NMAPC would have to be held. The next meeting of NMAPC could only be held after the new members arewere elected.NMAPC elections were held in March 2009. Only one meeting of NMAPC was held after the body was constituted. The body has to pass the metro region development plan before it is sent to state government for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12710674", "title": "Nashik lost 71 sq km of dense forest in 10 years", "text": "NASHIK: Four more persons suspected to have swine flu were admitted to the Civil Hospital on Tuesday, bringing the total number of H1N1 suspects to seven.Hospital sources said the test results of these patients are yet to arrive. Nonetheless, they have been put under the appropriate medical treatment. As of now, there are seven patients at the hospital, of which four are male, two female and a six-year-old boy. The child, who is from NASHIK, was admitted to the isolation ward for treatment of swine flu on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710318", "title": "CAG exceeded brief in examining 2G policy licences: Ex-telecom secy PJ Thomas", "text": "NEW DELHI: The telecom department under A Raja, currently in jail over 2G graft charges, felt the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) had crossed its limit in examining policy matters relating to the licences, former telecom secretary P J Thomas told the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC).Answering questions at Tuesday's meeting of the JPC, Thomas said that on receiving the draft audit of the CAG on 2G licences, the department felt that auditor's constitutional mandate did not allow it to go into policy or go on a fishing expedition.The question was referred to the law ministry which under Veerappa Moily concurred with the telecom ministry, Thomas told Congress's Manish Tiwari who wanted to know how the government viewed the CAG's review of policies relating to unified access licences and how the telecom ministry reacted to the law ministry's opinion.Thomas said he had demitted office as the secretary by the time the issue was further pursued with the CAG and did not check on developments after he became the Central Vigilance Commissioner (CVC) - a post that he had to give up after the Supreme Court struck down his appointment.Thomas was questioned on his assessment that CAG had exceeded its brief by CPI's Gurudas Dasgupta. With the CPI veteran pressing Thomas, DMK's T Siva sought to take cudgels on behalf of the former telecom secretary leading to a few heated comments and Dasgupta threatening to walk out. Dasgupta contested Thomas's claim that reviewing policy was outside the CAG's mandate.The former secretary had held charge from September 1, 2009, to September 7, 2010, and during this interval, the rollout of licences were affected, Thomas said, due to security concerns examined by the home ministry, court cases involving operators and clarifications on guidelines.The MHA had queries on the nature of equity dilution, particularly with regard to foreign investors like Etisalat. The government was keen to ensure that India's telecom networks were not compromised by introduction of malware, while the government also got busy with the 3G auction process.\"Thomas answered that during his time there was regular review. But there was delay by licencees. That happened because there was a condition imposed by the home ministry that equipment imported should have the security clearance,\" JPC chair P C Chacko told the media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12710445", "title": "Two incidents of theft on city buses", "text": "A gold chain was stolen from Sunita Tambe (25), a resident of Sangameshwar, year old woman Malegaon while she was aboard a from a city bus on April 16. Sunita Tambe (25) When the bus halted at Dwarka at around 11am, three women boarded the bus. Diverting the Tambe's attention,of the complainant one woman among the three, stealthily quietly removed a gold chain worth Rs 18,000 from Tambe's bag, which Tambe had kept near her feet.In the second case, also on April 16, 28-year-old Pranjali Aimesh (28), a resident of Aurangabad, was on a bus between Dindori Naka and Vajreshwari Nagar. In course of her journey, some unidentified thieves boarded the bus and stole a gold chain worth Rs 35,000 and cash of Rs 1,000 from her shoulder bag.35,000 and Rs 1,000 were stolen from her hand bag while travelling in a city bus. Twenty eight year old Pranjali Ajmesh of Aurangabad was travelling in a bus between Dindori Naka and Vajreshwari Nagar, on April 16 at around 10.30 am when some unidentified thieves smartly removed the gold chain and cash from her shoulder-bag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12714385", "title": "Manipur CM calls for highway patrol scheme", "text": "GUWAHATI: Manipur chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh has asked the Centre to consider a national highway patrolling scheme during the 12th Plan on a fast-track basis and to find a viable long-term solution in this context.Speaking at the chief ministers' conference on internal security in New Delhi on Monday, Ibobi said that ensuring security of convoys carrying essential commodities along the two national highways in Manipur was a major concern because of disturbances caused by armed militants.Ibobi's demand came in the wake of the frequent blockade of national highways by Naga and Kuki tribals. He urged the Centre to advise the Border Roads Organisation (BRO) to stick to the deadline of December 2013 for upgrade of national highway 53, which connects Imphal with Silchar in Assam.Ibobi said NH 53, along with the Imphal-Moreh sector of NH 39, is the backbone of the proposed Trans-Asian Highway (TAH).The CM emphasised the need for improvement of telecom connectivity along NH 53 for providing effective security to the convoys.Ibobi expressed his gratitude to Union home minister P Chidambaram for deploying a CRPF battalion during the construction of the Jiribam-Imphal railway line. He urged the Centre to examine the feasibility of extending the railway line to the border town of Moreh during Phase-III of the project, which would be the backbone of the TAH.He said the Rail Fed Oil Depot in Imphal by Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) was another key priority project to augment storage capacity of petroleum products in Manipur and requested the Centre to complete the depot within the next two years.Ibobi also demanded that the Centre enhance the LPG bottling capacity at the IOC's LPG bottling plant at Sekmai near Imphal from 600 MT to 2,400 MT during the 12th Plan.The CM said that good infrastructure was an essential pre-requisite for economic development in the region. \"An improvement milestone in the direction was the operationalisation of night-landing facility at the Imphal Airport. The state government has acquired 640 acres of land for upgrading the airport to international standards,\" he said. He urged the Centre to accord top priority to the project under the Look East Policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12713757", "title": "All love-making scenes reduced from 'Hate Story'", "text": "It looks like Bangla bombshell Paoli Dam's plans to seduce the nation into an orgasmic stupor with her never-before bold-and-brazen love-making act would now have to be content with a relatively tame visual treatment.On Monday afternoon Paoli's 'I-f**k-with-those-who-f**k-with me' shock therapy in the film Hate Story got a bit of a jolt when the censorboard ordered all the love-making scenes to be drastically reduced.Speaking on the reduction of the sex content Mr J.P Singh, the CBFC (censorboad of film certifications)'s Regional Officer Mumbai, said, \"All the love-making scenes, around 6 of them, were reduced by 50 percent and the film was given an 'A' certificate.\"Surprisingly the hard-hitting dialogues have been left intact.Says Mr Singh, \"There was no cutting of the dialogues only visuals.\"While the Hate Story director Vivek Agnihotri said he was unaware of censorial developments as he was getting the prints ready, producer Vikram Bhatt seemed surprisingly gung-ho with the cuts. Said Bhatt, \"The censorboard has been great.They've passed all the dialogues and only got us to cut the excesses in the love-making scenes. I'm extremely pleased with their progressive thinking.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12710528", "title": "Traffic drive nets Rs 1 lakh in 5 days", "text": "NOIDA: Intensifying their drive against traffic violators, cops have collected fines amounting to nearly Rs one lakh in the last five days. But bringing errant drivers to book is not their only agenda. Cops aim to teach offenders every rule in the traffic book. \"Traffic offenders will not go scot free. This is the message we want to drive home to commuters,\" said Praveen Kumar, senior superintendent of police, Gautam Budh Nagar.In a special campaign, a record amount worth Rs 85, 850 - the highest this year - was collected from 1,058 motorists from April 12 to April 16. In 2011, traffic police had challaned 75,652 vehicles for violating traffic rules and collected nearly Rs 10 lakh as fines.A look at the traffic offences reveals that motorists seem to be throwing traffic rules out of the window while driving in the city. \"While the highest number of challans (174) were issued to people for parking their vehicles in a 'no parking' zone, 40 were issued for jumping red lights and 21 for talking on mobile phones while driving. As many as 164 and 127 challans were issued to people for not wearing their seatbelts and helmets, respectively, 80 commuters were caught for driving on the wrong side of the road and 14 were stopped for drunk driving. Around 438 people were hauled up for miscellaneous traffic violations,\" said Saifuddin Beg, senior traffic inspector.The special campaign focuses on creating awareness on traffic problems among road users. Cops want to generate a consensus among people about rules relating to helmets and seat belts to minimize the chaos on roads stemming from citizens breaking traffic rules. With its radar on auto drivers, rickshaw pullers, four-wheeler and two-wheeler drivers, the 155-member team of cops, has trained its sights on restraining traffic offenders. \"The focus is on road safety as well as educating drivers on traffic norms,\" said Kumar. \"The need of the hour is for commuters to be considerate about fellow road users,\" said the SSP.However, bringing offenders to book is not the only aim of the drive. \"We are fining erring motorists and encroachers but the goal is to teach violators not to repeat their violations,\" the SSP said. \"Speeding motorists, those who use pressure horns and mobile phones while driving, those riding triple on two-wheelers without helmets and those driving drunk are under our scanner,\" said Beg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12711901", "title": "Doctor dies in road mishap", "text": "AKOLA: Dr Ravindra Verma, a noted medical practitioner of Murtijapur, met with a tragic end on Monday when his moped was hit by a sand-laden truck heading towards Karanja Lad near the municipal council market complex.A critically injured Verma was shifted to Murtijapur hospital where he was declared brought dead.Journalist diesSenior journalist Kanhaiyalal Lulla passed away on Monday. He was 70. The last rites were held at Sindhi crematorium. He is survived by wife, two sons and a daughter.Teacher held for torturing wifeA zilla parishad primary schoolteacher from village Kurasa near here was arrested on Monday under section 498A of IPC and section 3 and 4 of Dowry Prohibition Act for torturing wife.Gopal Dange got married on November 22, 2011. The girl's parents, both teachers, gave a dowry of Rs 20 lakh, including gold ornaments, motor vehicle, AC, LCD, dinning table, dressing table and sofa set. After returning from their honeymoon in Kashmir, Dange, along with his mother, started torturing his wife for Rs 10 lakh to construct a house. His mother is also facing charges but is yet to be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710193", "title": "MCD polls: Sheila Dikshit, JP Aggarwal had much at stake", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress has been pushed to the fringes of the new municipalities carved out of MCD by an overzealous three-time Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit. The results of the 2012 municipal polls have left the party reeling. Moreover, the party's near wipeout in Congress strongholds of east Delhi has come as a big blow.By the end of the day, senior leaders, including chief minister Sheila Dikshit and DPCC chief JP Aggarwal, had made themselves unavailable for comment. The debacle is a serious setback for both and the differences between the too may only deepen.Dikshit's government had come under a cloud after the Commonwealth Games for alleged irregularities in various infrastructure projects. When Dikshit declared trifurcation of MCD as a priority in February 2011, most thought it was unlikely to happen as the CM's position appeared to have weakened.However, she pursued trifurcation of MCD relentlessly, simultaneously attacking the BJP-led corporation for its inefficiency, in order to prepare the ground for the split. With Congress president Sonia Gandhi supporting her plans and stepping in to settle the differences with the DPCC chief, Dikshit's image was strengthened. When in December last year, the MCD was finally trifurcated and the state managed to wrest indirect control over it in the name of coordination, Dikshit's stature in her party rose.She was the main campaigner for the Congress and had no doubt staked her personal prestige on the polls. The Congress manifesto sought votes on the performance of Delhi government.For the DPCC chief the poor show in the polls is particularly bad news. He was made the state chief in 2007 after the Congress debacle in the MCD polls under the leadership of then DPCC chief Ram Babu Sharma. He was charged with the task of reviving the party and paving the way for a turnaround in the 2008 assembly polls. While Aggarwal managed to strengthen the cadres, the differences between him and the CM grew after the 2009 parliamentary elections where Aggarwal won as MP from northeast Delhi.However, with these elections conducted under Aggarwal's leadership and planning turning into a debacle and his own constituency voting poorly for Congress, his position too will come under scrutiny.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12717616", "title": "NComputing offers vSpace Client for Windows", "text": "NEW DELHI: NComputing, end-to-end desktop virtualization solutions provider, on Tuesday announced immediate availability of vSpace Client for Windows.This innovative software client transforms PCs, laptops, netbooks and tablets into high performance NComputing virtual clients, delivering secure anytime anywhere access to corporate desktops or selected applications running on a central host.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12711664", "title": "Collector offers remedy to traffic and plastic woes", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The district administration, under a new leadership, is gearing up to tackle the city's traffic woes and address ways to recycle plastic waste.According to district collector K V Mohan Kumar, who took charge recently, the land acquisition for the expansion of six city roads will be completed before July 15. A special cell has been formed in the collectorate to monitor the progress in the works.\"Traffic congestion and inadequate parking space is going to be a major problem in the district in the future. We have drawn up an action plan to develop roads and will try to complete the work on time,\" the collector said at a press meet on Tuesday.He said the local resistance against land acquisition to the 11-km-long Koyilandy bypass will be resolved to speed up the work.The administration is now planning to renew its efforts to make the city plastic free with stress on recycling plastic to utility-based products. \"Kozhikode aims to be the first district in the state to have facilities to convert plastic waste into recycled products,\" he said.He also noted that there many technologies in the market which can turn plastic into products like furniture, and door and window frames. \"We intend to tap the latest technologies for a permanent solution to the problem,\" he said. To take final decision on this, the collector has convened a meeting of elected representatives from the district on April 23.In a bid to reach to people living in remote areas, district-level officials and the collector will hold mass contact programmes in far-flung areas like Kuttiyadi, Chekkiad and Kavilumpara under the programme 'Janasamaksham'.To boost the fire preparedness of the city, seven new fire hydrants will be set up at Mananchira and S M Street. An exclusive water pipeline will be laid from Pottammal to the city to ensure access to adequate amount of water in case of fire incidents, he said.The collector also announced the beautification of the Mananchira Grounds, steps to protect the water sources in the district and move against illegal sand mining and demolition of hills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "12710763", "title": "Quick action foils highway blockade by onion farmers", "text": "MALEGAON: Demanding fair prices for onions and subsidies to farmers to make up for losses incurred due to crop loss, farmers on Tuesday blocked the Mumbai-Agra Highway near Malegaon for more than four hours. They had to end the protest, though, due to the tactical moves by the local administration to manage the traffic.A large number of farmers led by the Swabhimani Shetkari Sangathna and MP from Kolhapur district Raju Shetty gathered at Tehre, 5km from Malegaon, around 1pm. They sat on the highway, blocking traffic on the busy road.Malegaon SDO Uday Kiswe and tehsildar Bhagwant Doiphule rushed to the spot with police personnel. After they failed to pursue the farmers to end the protest, they diverted all traffic from Chandawad. This move forced Shetty to backtrack. He and other farmers courted arrest around 5pm and ended the protest after more than four hours of blockade.Shetty said he ended the blockade as they couldn't achieve what they wanted to by blocking the highway. \"We are changing our strategy. But we will not take rest till our demands are met,\" he said.Before courting arrest, Shetty also took a pledge from the farmers that they would remain united irrespective of their caste, creed, religion and political affiliations to fight for their demands.In a letter to the district collector, Shetty had demanded fair price for onions and subsidies for farmers to compensate the losses they incurred due to crop loss and fluctuation in the market. He also demanded 0% export duty on onions and adequate number of railway bogies to transport onions to faraway places in the country. In his letter he also demanded trading of onions on the government rate of 897 per qunital.\"In case, onions are purchased on lesser amount, farmers should be compensated by a special subsidy.\"With the same demands, the farmers had protested for more than 22 hours at various district headquarters on March 04. Following which, Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan had assured Raju Shetty on March 28 that suitable action would be taken on their demands within 15 days. Shetty said that Tuesday's protest was held since the government failed to meet this deadline.Photo Caption:1) Raju Shetty addressing the protesting farmers2) Farmers courting arrest", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12712032", "title": "CAG points at undue favour to contractor", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Injudicious decision of the state officials in making payment to an agency during the process of termination of a contract resulted in undue financial gain of Rs 48 lakh to the firm and also non-recovery of Rs 3.99 crore for the government, a CAG report has stated.Kaithal executive engineer had allotted two works related to construction of two-lane approaches of an over-bridge near the railway station in Kaithal and widening of three roads to an agency, at an estimated cost of Rs 19.31 crore and Rs 15.34 crore in 2008 and 2007, respectively.\"The progress of both jobs was very slow and the agencies failed to achieve the target fixed despite repeated reminders. Against the goal of completing 55% work in 9 months, the agency completed only 8% of work in the first phase. Against the target of 67% of work in the second phase, only 29% work was completed during the same period. On failure to complete the work, both the contracts were terminated in January 2009,\" maintained the report. \"While the action to terminate the contract agreements of the agency was under process since November 2008, the executive engineer, Kaithal, released the payments of Rs 45.56 lakh in December 2008.Thus, releasing of payments during the process of termination of contract..... was tantamount to undue financial aid to the agency,\" the auditors said, adding that Rs 2.37 lakh were not recovered from the mobilization advance. According to the report, after the adjustment of bank guarantees and security amount Rs 4.34 crore were to be recovered but only Rs 35 lakh were recovered till August 2011.When pointed out, the executive engineer, Kaithal informed the auditors that the payments were made to the agency to encourage them to complete the work. But in the report, the auditors concluded, \"The reply is not acceptable as the process to terminate the contracts on the failure of the agency to achieve the prescribed target was in the knowledge of the executive engineer. Thus, the decision to release the payment was not judicious and resulted in undue financial aid to the agency.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12711704", "title": "Rate cut not enough to boost home buyers' confidence: Experts", "text": "PUNE: The city's real estate players have responded with caution to the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) decision to cut the key interest rates by 50 basis points. They have said the impact of the decision on the interest rates that banks charge on home loans will be positive, though not adequate to make these loans affordable.The home loan interest rates, currently hovering around 11%, are still high, considering the pressures of inflation on the repayment capacity of the borrowers, the players felt. The demand for homes thus may not lift immediately the developers said, pointing out that the recently presented Union Budget has not addressed the issue of reducing through tax breaks the overall ownership cost of residential property.\"It is unlikely that property prices will come down because of this rate cut, and it is the price of properties that is the decisive factor in residential real estate sales,\" an industry observer said, adding, \"In fact, it is very likely that there will be an upward bias on property rates because of the anticipated improvement of sentiments with buyers who have so far been sitting on the fence, waiting for some signals of relief.\"Lalit Kumar Jain, national president, CREDAI (Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India), said he would expect the banks to act immediately and cut rates of interest to facilitate both the home buyer and the developer community.However, he felt that it is equally important for the RBI to cut the cash reserve ratio (CRR) to increase liquidity in the market. \"Cash crunch is one of the biggest problems being faced by the real estate industry in particular and the economy in general,\" he pointed out. Jain reiterated that the central bank should go in for immediate financial reforms for the real estate industry and help developers and home buyers get over the current crisis related to high cost of funding and construction.\"Pune is a very cost-sensitive market and we expect that there will be an increase in home loan disbursals this year as a result of this rate cut. However, the RBI has also hinted that there may not be any further reductions in interest rates, since inflation is still a problem. In any case, it can be expected that the Pune market will see a boost in sentiment-driven sales,\" said Kishor Pate, chairman and managing director of Amit Enterprises Housing Ltd.Om Ahuja, chief executive of residential services at real estate advisory Jones Lang LaSalle India said that while the rate cut of 50 basis points is definitely a ray of hope, this ray does not dispel the shadows nearly as much as may be initially supposed.He said, \"It should be borne in mind that the RBI has hiked interest rates a total of 13 times between March 2010 and October 2011. While this is understandable, given the ongoing concerns over inflation and excessive liquidity on the market, this spate of rate hikes has created a compounded problem for the residential real estate sector whose effects are not easily dispelled. We do expect that there will be a marginal increase in home loan borrowings because of this positive move. The series of hikes in the past have also affected the price that builders put on their properties, since their own cost of borrowing has increased.\"Anurag Mathur, managing director, Cushman &amp; Wakefield India, said \"The resulting reduction in interest rates after RBI's repo rate cut of 50 basis points that banks are expected to pass on to consumers, will provide a positive boost to market sentiments and result in some transaction activity in the residential sales markets. For the whole of last year, end buyers had to defer their purchase decisions as they were facing the double-edged sword of rising interest rates and stubborn price levels. Whilst some of these buyers may still hold out for a while longer to see if there are further rate cuts, we expect to witness some pickup in the volume of sales transactions.\"Renu Sud Karnad, managing director of HDFC Limited, said the real estate sector could do with some initiatives at this juncture that would signal confidence in the market for both the developers and customers. The RBI's decision to abolish prepayment penalties on floating rate home loans now creates a level playing field between banks and housing finance companies, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12710694", "title": "Execution of okayed industrial units slow", "text": "PATNA: More than 63 industrial units out of the 724 approved by the State Investment Promotion Board (SIPB) till March 31 this year have become functional and work is under progress for completion of 152 others.According to industry department sources, work for setting up the rest 509 industrial units is at a primary stage. They include the proposed power plants whose development is moving at a snail's pace due to Centre's indifference in providing coal linkage for them in Bihar.The SIPB has approved an investment of about Rs 2.87 lakh crore in 724 projects. Out of this, the bulk investment of Rs 2.35 lakh crore was approved for establishment of power plants in private sector, which comes out to around 82% of the total proposals, and, yet no power generation unit in the private sector has come up. Despite problems relating to getting coal linkage, the private sector has already invested Rs 1,830.23 crore for setting up power units in Bihar till March 31.The SIPB sources said that the total investment in setting up of industries till March 31, 2012, was Rs 3,775.32 crore, including investments to the tune of Rs 502.11 crore made for establishment of new sugar mills. Out of the proposed investment of Rs 956.64 crore for expansion of the 10 functioning sugar mills, an investment of Rs 405 crore has already been made.At least 52 fruit processing industries have become fully functional out of the 373 units approved by the SIPB with a total investment of Rs 4,919 crore. Investment for setting up food processing industries has crossed Rs 1,830 crore by March.An investment of Rs 317.51 crore out of the proposed Rs 10,189 crore for 42 steel and cement industries has already been made. But investments have been largely made in the steel processing industries with 10 new units having been established. The new steel industries include Patwari Udyog, Neelkamal and Triveni Steel in Fatuha industrial area, GISCO, Pinex and Balmukund Steel in Bihta and Balaji and Dadiji Steel on the outskirts of Patna, said Bihar Industries Association (BIA) president K P S Keshri.Keshri told TOI that manufacturing sector's development needs to be accelerated in the state. He said that coordination of all the government departments concerned was urgently needed for facilitating industrial development. He said the BIA has already suggested to the government to participate at the national-level coal block auction either on its own or under the public-private partnership mode. There can be a boom in industrial sector only with development of power sector, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12709665", "title": "Train hits van in week\u2019s 2nd rail accident", "text": "CHENNAI: The owner of a minivan was severely injured when an Arakkonam-Chengalpet passenger train smashed into the vehicle in Venketashapuram near Arakkonam, 69km northwest of Chennai, on Monday night.Police and witnesses said the driver of the van, M Kumaravel, who escaped the collision unhurt, was trying to cross the track when the vehicle stalled. \"The driver tried to reverse but it was too late,\" a police officer said. \"He is absconding.\"Monday's incident was the second accident at a level crossing in a week. On April 9, an advocate from Kancheepuram was seriously injured when a Chennai Beach-Tirumalpur train rammed his car as he tried to cross an unmanned level crossing in Nathtampettai. Police said both accidents were due to negligence of the drivers who misjudged the speed of the train.The van owner M Murthy, 48, was heading home in Palanipettai in Arakkonam after delivering milk in Venketashapuram. \"His brother, Kumaravel, was at the wheel, driving along a sandy road parallel to the track\" the officer said. \"Around 5.40pm, Kumaravel, tried to cross the track even though he saw a train approaching. The train was moving at 90kmph when it hit the van and came to halt 300 metres down the line,\" he said.The van was completely crushed and Murthy sustained head injuries and his hands and legs were fractured. Murthy was initially admitted to Government General Hospital, Vellore, but was later moved to Government General Hospital in Chennai.The Government Railway Police (Chengalpet) and Railway Protection Force (Arakonam) filed a case of negligence against Kumaravel. The train was delayed by 40 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12722467", "title": "IPL 2012 makes Sony Max No. 1!", "text": "DLF IPL 2012 knocks out all competition, takes MAX to the No 1 position!MAX, the official broadcaster of the DLF IPL has clearly risen above all other channels in India as the latest weekly TAM ratings show. The DLF IPL 2012 has helped MAX garner weekly GRPs of 341 amongst CS4+ individuals in HSM and 310 in All India. Not surprisingly, MAX has surpassed all competition to become the number one channel not only in the HSM markets but also at an all-India level.With the prime time ratings and share far out pacing the competition, the DLF IPL continues to the most sought after property on television. According to TAM, MAX's primetime viewership is at 4.2 TVR% as compared to Star Plus's 2.4 TVR% or Colors' 1.8 TVR% in HSM. The league has already reached out to 124 million people in India in just its second week.Commenting on the ratings, Executive Vice President and Business Head, Neeraj Vyas said, \"The verdict is out. DLF IPL 2012 has once again established MAX's leadership position amongst all channels. Our prime time ratings evidently indicate that DLP IPL continues to be the most watched spectacle on Indian television, which enthrals families across the length and breadth of this cricket crazy nation. We are confident that as the tournament progresses, MAX will continue to offer value to its partners and viewers alike.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12711387", "title": "Nagpur University clears proposal for new engineering college", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University's emergent Management Council meeting on Tuesday failed to clear much-awaited panels for conducting interviews for 119 teaching posts, vacant since last decade or so. The members flayed administration for preparing faulty lists that were not as per prescribed criteria.The item was later withdrawn as angry members were reluctant to clear the panels, sources informed. However, the council cleared proposal for a new 'School of Science and Technology' which would now be sent to UGC for clearance. After Government Engineering College in Chandrapur went to Gondwana University, NU was left without a full-fledged government engineering college. The council also cleared proposal of 32 new colleges and 38 faculty extensions.Sources added that other contentious item regarding purchase committee bills for purchasing new luxury vehicles for vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal and BCUD director Arvind Chaudhari was also dropped at the last moment owing to criticism from all quarters after it was first reported by TOI on April 14. TOI had reported that while NU was raising exam fee citing financial crunch, it was purchasing luxury vehicle worth about Rs 15 lakh for VC even though existing one was in good condition and just five years old.The council, however, granted nod to Sapkal's visit to Frankfurt in Germany for attending an international conference from June 18 to 22. The VC is supposed to present a paper in the conference and chancellor had already sanctioned his leave. The VC is also going on leave from June 4 to 17 which was sanctioned by the members while congratulating him. Among other issues, proposals under 12th five-year plan were discussed and cleared during the meeting, sources informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12709610", "title": "2 held for attack on activist", "text": "MUMBAI: Two men were arrested by the Kurla Government Railway Police (GRP) on Tuesday in a two month-old case of attacking an activist and extorting money from him in Mulund. Anees Khan had complained to the RPF that Rohit Khade (21) and Kalpesh Chorge (24) were involved in the unauthorized sale of tickets. The duo accosted Khan on a foot over-bridge and thrashed him on February 4. Khan dropped Rs 8,000 he was carrying in the scuffle. Khan thought he had lost the money but CCTV footage showed it was taken. The accused were booked on extortion charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12712104", "title": "Police seek UP cops\u2019 help to find actor\u2019s body", "text": "MUMBAI: The Amboli police have sought the help of Uttar Pradesh police and the fire brigade to search a pond in Allahabad for the body of Minakshi Thapa, who was an aspiring actor. On Monday, a team from the Amboli police station went to Allahabad with the two arrested accused to recover Thapa's body.The accused-Amit Jaiswal and Prity Surin-were arrested by the crime branch. They have reportedly confessed to the crime and told the police that they had thrown the victim's head out of a running bus at an isolated spot and dumped her body in a pond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12710372", "title": "Rajasthan High Court allows conditional sand mining", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur bench of the Rajasthan High Court on Tuesday gave conditional sanction to sand mining from Banas river. The court asked the state government to comply with the Supreme Court guidelines while allowing mining of sand from the river.A division bench comprising Chief Justice Arun Mishra and NK Jain delivered the verdict in a petition filed by one Ram Dayal. The order, paving way for resumption of mining, will be a respite to the state government and the realtors as major construction work including those of Jaipur Metro had come to a halt.Senior advocate Kamlakar Sharma, assisting the division bench said: \"Our prayer before the court was to regulate such mining and to ask the government to provide for rules as directed by the Supreme Court, putting an end to the mafia rule in the field of mining in river basins in the state. The court, however, had placed a blanket ban on any mining in Banas river and other river basins. Today the order has been modified to which we have not objected. However, the government will now be mandatorily required to regulate sand gravel mining in the state.\"Assistant advocate general Dinesh Yadav said: \"Presently there are no mining leases granted by the state government and only a royalty collection contract is being done to excavate sand gravel from the river bed in Banas and other rivers. This has resulted in several consequences. The state government has already constituted a committee to follow the guidelines issued by the apex court in the case of one Deepak Kumar. The committee will examine how far those guidelines can be effectuated in the state and what modifications are required,\" said.Yadav said that the main purpose is to see that no mining lease is granted below a five hectare area, the time of the lease should be for a period of 5 years and that there should be no mining and excavation of sand gravel from the sea bed beneath 3 metre depth. Still the last cut off date fixed to frame rules by all the states by the Supreme Court is August 27, as such the state government has time for the same.Earlier on February 27, a division bench of the Supreme Court in its order in the Deepak Kumar case had stated that river beds need to be protected against illegal mining and that rules need to be framed to regulate mining. It was also made mandatory that all licenses to excavate soft sand from river basins should be given only after a due permission is obtained from ministry of environment and forests.The Supreme Court had on Monday asked the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) to consult Union ministry of environment and forests to seek clearance for sand mining. The JDA had filed a petition in the SC seeking vacation of the Rajasthan High Court order banning sand mining from Banas river.Court notice to govt on Deen Dayal land allotment caseJAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Tuesday issued notices to the state government and a private party on a petition demanding quashing of a police complaint against assistant commissioner, Devasthanm, Vasudev Sharma in the infamous Deen Dayal Upadhyay Memorial Trust land allotment case.Justice RS Rathore issued the notice on the petition filed by Sharma, who has been accused of misplacing an important file relating to alleged illegal allotment of a prime land in Jaipur to the Trust. Sharma told the high court that two separate investigation reports by the police have giving contradictory findings about the missing file. One of these reports allegedly holds Sharma responsible for misplacing the file, while the other report points a finger at the involvement of senior IAS officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12710851", "title": "Intelligence Department blames local cops for riots", "text": "HYDERABAD: A report by the State Intelligence Department (SID) to probe into the outbreak of communal violence in Madannapet and Saidabad on April 9 has revealed the ineptitude of the local police.According to the report, which was prepared at the express request of the chief minister, the Station house officer of Madannapet police station, N Suryaprakash came to know around 7 am that the burnt legs of a cow along with turquoise colour have been thrown in a Hanuman temple in Kurmaguda. A rakshak was sent to the spot and was asked to call in the CLUES team. By the time the team arrived on the scene and pressed its dog squad into service, two hours were already lost. As the dog went around sniffing the area the crowd that had gathered near the temple swelled and began following it. Soon the crowd became restless and arson followed.\"The standard practice in a situation like this is to sanitize the affected area first and to not allow public to gather. Also, dog squads are not used in the presence of a crowd. But the inspector did not follow the well laid out guidelines and allowed the situation to go out of hand,\" sources in the Intelligence Department said.Even as the situation at Madannapet was becoming tense the Saidabad police station inspector Narsingh Yadaiah did not realize its gravity and possible effect on his area which lies just across the road. He did not react swiftly enough. Both the officers allegedly failed to mobilize the necessary police force in time, the source said. Top police sources are however not surprised by the findings. They pointed out that the Hyderabad police had become from bad to worse in the last few years. \"There is very little stress on doing work and there is rampant corruption in the ranks,\" the source says.While government has already transferred South Zone DCP Manish Kumar Sinha under whose jurisdiction Madannapet is located, it is learnt that the shifting of some more police officers, both from Madannapet and Saidabad is under consideration.Other than losing two hours waiting for the CLUES team to turn up, cops violated guidelines against using dog squads in the presence of a crowd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12710976", "title": "Forest officers on pugmark chase to nab runaway tiger near Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: It was another day gone in vain at Rahmankhera. The big cat made its appearance in the area by way of its pugmarks only. The tracking team, however, kept waiting for the big cat near a partially-eaten bait, on Tuesday. The team had to intensively search for the tiger as in the morning there was no trace of the feline, giving the apprehension that it could have changed location, specially after the Monday incident.Sources said on Monday the tiger and the combing elephants came face to face. The tracking team had set a half-eaten carcass as bait near the deep pit which has been dug by the team at Rahmankhera to trap the tiger.The tiger had dragged the flesh to the patch of forest and was eating it when one of the elephants combing the area went close it.And as the tiger resisted the forward movement of the elephant, even the jumbo got aggressive. The other two elephants, which were also combing the area, too became aggressive. Seeing the three elephants ganging up against it, the tiger made a quick escape.It wasn't spotted till late Tuesday morning. It was only later in the day that the team could locate its pugmarks. While the tracking team is still focusing on luring the tiger to the bait tied close to the deep pit, this time around the team has also done some fencing around the pit.Experts, however, said the Monday incident shows the big cat can charge if put under pressure. \"The tiger is a tiger and the operation has to be handled keeping the fact in time,\" said Kaushlendra Singh, a wildlife enthusiast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12716863", "title": "MLA sends written statement, claims innocence", "text": "INDORE: The BJP MLA Jitu Jerati sent a written statement to the city police on Tuesday on the issue of alleged misbehaviour with City Superintendent of Police (CSP) Dilip Singh Tomar. Tomar who was shifted after the issue had given his statement earlier.Jerati refused to go to the police station to record his statement and instead sent his written statement to the police through his aides.Talking to ToI, Jitu Jirati quipped, \"Why should I go to the police station to give my statement? I am not a criminal. They asked in writing and I have sent it through my people in the morning.\"Jirati denied having asked for release of any criminals saying that he had tried to highlight the problems faced by the people and his supporters.He alleged that Lalu's wife came to meet him and complained that the police are falsely implicating her husband. Lalu alias Lal Singh is allegedly an aide of the MLA who resides in Chhapari village falling under the Rajendra Nagar police. He reportedly had a criminal back ground and has been booked twice in 2008 and 2009 under Section 34 of Excise Act.It may be noted that the police officer Tomar was transferred reportedly under pressure from the MLA for acting against illicit liquor traders. The MLA had demanded the release of his supporters who were arrested for alleged involvement in illicit liquor business and when the CSP refused to budge he staged a protest \"threatening\" the police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12717126", "title": "Woman hoping to rid father of alcohol addiction duped", "text": "INDORE: A woman, who wanted to rid her father of alcohol addiction , was duped of gold jewellery worth lakhs of rupees, allegedly by a man posing as a seer here on Tuesday.According to Sanyogitaganj police, the victim, Sapna, came in contact with one Sumit Sharma, a self-proclaimed seer, after an advertisement in a local daily claimed about various services offered by him to people. The advertisement claimed that the accused has spiritually been blessed and could free alcohol addicts of their habit within three days.On seeing the advertisement, Sapna, daughter of Omprakash Yadav, approached Sharma, seeking his help to save his father from alcoholism, which had ruined her family. The accused asked Sapna to arrange for 11 tola (110 gm) of gold, which he claimed, would be used to perform some rituals at a temple for three days after which her father would be able to give up alcohol and lead a normal life.Relying on his words, she rushed home to collect the gold jewellery. Since she did not have 11 tola of gold, Sapna borrowed some from her sister-in-law. After collecting the gold, she approached Sharma, who called her to a market. He convinced her of returning the jewellery after the rituals at the temple. Sapna, without suspecting his malicious intentions, handed over the gold to him.After the rituals at the temple, Sharma reportedly returned her gold jewelleries in a box. After reaching home, Sapna opened the box and found that the jewellery was replaced with imitation ornaments. On realising that she was duped, Sapna and her relatives lodged a complaint with the Sanyogitaganj police. Police have registered an offence against the accused on charges of cheating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12711890", "title": "All India Council for Technical Education gives nod to 102 colleges", "text": "NAGPUR: The All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) has kept its promise of releasing the first list of new colleges in April. The move aims to expedite the admission process for professional courses that stretch till the first week of October.Last week, the apex body for engineering education released the list of 102 new colleges of which 17 are in Maharashtra. The move will create over 2.5 lakh new seats for professionals.The country has 3,393 engineering colleges with a capacity to accommodate 14.86 lakh seats and about 4,000 management institutes with an intake of 3.5 lakh students. With the new addition, aspirants would have more choices.\"We have received 669 proposals for new colleges, including those for engineering, architecture, management and pharmacy. We have released the first list of 102 colleges,\" Delhi-based AICTE chairman SS Mantha told TOI. He added that from the list of 17 colleges in Maharashtra, 11 are engineering and four management institutes.Last year, in a report published on January 8, TOI highlighted the fact that despite 79,000 vacancies across all faculties, about 52 applications were made to AICTE from the state.Mantha added that AICTE may give nod to another 100 colleges after a meeting of its appeal committee. Sources however expressed concern over the staggering number of seats vacant in all technical faculties including diploma, degree and postgraduate courses coming under the Directorate of Technical Education (DTE).Sources added that Maharashtra already had 348 engineering and over 400 management colleges where nearly 30% and 50% of seats remained vacant last year and with the addition of new colleges the situation was all set to worsen. Even in the 2010-11 session, over 5,000 MBA seats remained vacant all over the state while 25% diploma seats were not filled up.Sadly, AICTE received the highest number of applications from Maharashtra and most of them were for starting new polytechnics. About 30 applications for engineering and 15 for MBA institutes were made from the state while 42 were for polytechnic.A slowdown is imminent from the fact that a couple of years ago, the apex body received over 2,000 applications for new colleges which gradually came down to 669 last year. To add to the woes, states including Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Haryana and Chhattisgarh had requested AICTE not to clear new proposals for engineering or MBA institutes as many seats were vacant owing to mushrooming of colleges in the last few years, sources said.Year Engg Institutes Seats2006-07 ----- 1,511 -------- 5.512007-08 ----- 1,668 -------- 6.532008-09 ----- 2,388 -------- 8.412009-10 ----- 2,972 -------- 10.722010-11 ----- 3,222 -------- 13.152011-12 ----- 3,393 -------- 14.862012-13 ----- 3,500 -------- 17*(Source: AICTE, Tentative figures, seats in lakhs)Applications for new colleges (2012-13)State ------ Engg ----- MBA ------- PolyMaharashtra ------ 30 ------- 15 -------- 42Tamil Nadu -------- 43 ------- 11 ------- 39Rajasthan --------- 19 ---------- 1 -------- 31Uttar Pradesh ------ 19 ------- 13 ------- 65Andhra Pradesh ----- 8 -------- 8 ----------- 21Karnataka ----------- 12 --------- 1 -------- 10Delhi --------------- 0 ----------- 3 -------- 0West Bengal ----- 4 ------------ 3--------- 15Gujarat ------------ 15 --------- 3 --------- 10Madhya Pradesh ---- 3 -------- 5 --------- 6(Source: AICTE. Figures are not exhaustive)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12710641", "title": "Truck rams bike on NH-8: Man killed, daughter hurt", "text": "GURGAON: A man was killed and his daughter injured when a truck rammed into his bike near Polytechnic College on NH-8 on Tuesday evening. While the victim, Satbeer, a resident of Didhara village in Tauru, died on the spot, his daughter, Anita, is currently undergoing treatment at a private hospital in the city. Anita is a student of B.Com first year.According to the police, Satbeer was returning home with Anita from Gurgaon where she had gone to take an examination when a truck hit the bike from behind. Due to the impact, Satbeer and Anita fell off the bike. While Satbeer was injured critically and died on the spot, Anita was taken to a private hospital by the police. The truck driver managed to flee the spot with his vehicle after the incident, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12710525", "title": "45 days on, students await new Aakash", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The easy-on- the-pocket, Aakash tablet , didn't come anywhwere near the expectations of the city students. The improved version of Aakash has still not reached city college students, turning their excitement into a long ordeal. Students from the city colleges were the first recipients of this tablet in the region and these were sent back to Indian Institute of Technology-Jodhpur over 45 days by the college authorities as initially planned.Twelve students each from the Post-Graduate Government College for Girls, Sector 42 and Post Graduate Government College, Sector 11 received these tablets from IIT-Jodhpur, which was handling the project for the Ministry of Human Resource and Development (MHRD).However, now with the project changing hands from IIT-Jodhpur to IIT-Mumbai, a long delay is being expected in the delivery of these tablets to students again.\"This had been an ambitious project of the Government of India that promised to change the education scenario not just at the national but at the global level. However the delay caused in giving these tablets back to the students is an academic failure. It has been a lapse and the two IITs should ideally co-ordinate with one another now,\" says Dilip Kumar , faculty incharge of the project from the region.College students, who got the tablets, were required to fill up a questionnaire as part of the experimental stage of Aakash under the National Mission on Education through Information and Communication Technology (NME-ICT). Likewise, students suggested improvements in the gadget and an improved version was promised to be delivered to them soon.With over 45 days having passed, there is no word from either the MHRD or IIT-Jodhpur, whose officials say that the project is now being dealt by the Mumbai IIT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12710605", "title": "No power shortage, but cuts still persist", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even when there is no power shortage, city residents continue to face power cuts due to faulty cables and transformers. In last few days the power demand in the city has taken a dip due to cool weather, but still breakdowns continue to trouble residents. Most part of Monday night, residents of Sector 35 and adjoining areas spent without power. XEN concerned, however, denies any problem with the supply system.Jagdeesh Chand, a resident of Sector 35 said, \"Power was snapped twice. Once the electricity supply was disrupted around 10pm and then around midnight.\"Simranpreet, another resident of the area, said, \"I was preparing for my exam when the supply was snapped. City was supposed to get more electricity from Sunday, but we are suffering because of power cuts. There is not one but several reasons that cause power cut in our sector.\"UT's superintending engineer M P Singh said, \"There is surplus power and we are not imposing any cuts. There must be some fault in cables because of which supply was disrupted.\" At present, the power demand has come down to 193MW from 211 to 220 MW. Where some time ago city was expected to fall short of nearly 110MW with temperature rising everyday on the other hand city now has 50MW of extra supply in the bank.It was only from Sunday onwards that the city started getting additional power of 30MW from 9am to 6pm and 20MW from 6pm to 12am, respectively but it is all going unused with lesser use of fans and air conditioners.From May, city would receive 90MW of more power in different time slots by another power plant. The department has also purchased 30MW of power from Jammu and Kashmir.About the additional power, Singh said, \"This additional power is not being wasted. It keeps flowing to the areas which require more supply. This flow is supplied to the area that needs more power by Northern Regional Load Dispatch Centre (NRLDC).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12711815", "title": "Election Commission of India felicitates Youth for Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Youth for Goa received an appreciation award in New Delhi from the Election Commission of India for its contribution to citizens participation in the state assembly polls. Convenor Malisa Simoes and others received the award from S Y Qureshi, chief election commissioner of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12711923", "title": "Cong slams move to hand over Annandale ground", "text": "SHIMLA: Describing the controversy engulfing the state government and Army over the Annandale ground issue as \"unfortunate\", the Himachal Pradesh Congress Committee (HPCC) demanded that the ground should not be handed over to Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association (HPCA) rather the state government should use it for public welfare activities.State Congress president Kaul Singh Thakur addressing mediapersons on Tuesday said that raising slogans against the Army at Annandale on Monday was not good. He said the Army and state should sit together to reach an amicable solution on the issue. Kaul Singh said that HPCA was a commercial body and it could buy land elsewhere.He alleged that move to hand over the ground for cricketing activities had been initiated as some people belonging to the BJP had bought land in its vicinity. Earlier, the Congress used to blame the state government for acting like land mafia but now even the Army had started accusing the government of it, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12712880", "title": "5,900 acres of public land under CAG scanner", "text": "The annual report of the comptroller and auditor general (CAG) was tabled in the legislature on Tuesday. Citing revenue loss for the government, CAG has under the scanner 297 cases involving 5,900 acres of public land. The irregularities pertain to allotment, underassessment and non/short recovery of land revenue. The cases for 2005-06 to 2009-10 number 40,233. For this period, CAG said the government has managed to recover a paltry Rs 3.8 crore from the losses.CAG says Rs 41.33 crore has been lost because of violations pertaining to the Lavasa hill station township, and Rs 20 crore by way of non/short levy of license and measurement fees. The rest occurred on account of irregular permissions for redevelopment on state land, subsidized land left vacant for years, short recovery of occupancy rates charged by the collector, needless waiver of license fees, and non-recovery of lease rent.Portions of the CAG report were leaked by the opposition earlier this month, questioning the suspect allotment of public land to institutions with links to senior politicians and cabinet ministers. So far, only Bhujbal and Rane have given clarifications to the legislature. The others have not had an opportunity to do so since the government managed to stall the opposition's attempts at having a debate on the report, which will now be forwarded to the public accounts committee (PAC) for deliberation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12714218", "title": "Child panel hearing to focus on RTE Act violations", "text": "BHOPAL: The State Commission for Protection of Child Rights ( SCPCR) would hold its first public hearing at its office here on Wednesday.Commission chairperson Usha Chaturvedi said, \"The hearing would focus on the complaints related to the Right to Education Act (RTE) violations. Few cases relating to the past will be taken up during the hearing where the district education officer (DEO), Bhopal, has been summoned.\"The commission members along with officials would be present at the hearing. The chairperson also said that from now on, a public hearing would be held in each division individually. After divisional level hearings, the commission would address the district level complains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12710252", "title": "Firm accused in financial scam now in realty fraud case", "text": "NASHIK: A case of cheating has been registered against four persons at the Bhadrakali police station.A case of cheating against four persons, against four persons was lodged with the Bhadrakali police, by In a complaint lodged by Kantaram Mali of Sinnar.Mali, who claims to be the owner of three shops at Mumbai Naka, has alleged that the directors of a firm, Samruddhi Wealth Management, which had an office at one of Mali's properties, created fake property documents for Mali's Mumbai Naka shop and sold it to another duo, Anjali Rathod and Ashutosh Rathod. Mali has also alleged that Ashutosh Rathod forcibly tried to take custody of the property by threatening him.the complainant has said that he owned three shop units at Padmavishwa apartment, Mumbai Naka, where a financial organisation Samruddhi Wealth Management had their office operated. The complainant allegedy that the directors of the firmfinancial organisation, Manisha Kshatriya and Ajay Kshatriya of Vijay Naga, Nashik, prepared fake documents of Mali's property at Mumbai Naka and sold it to hod and Ashutosh Rathod, by making a fake sales deed and registering it with the notary.It may be noted that on April 8, a woman named Madhuri Kotkar of Deepali Nagar had lodged a complaint against the same firm, Samruddhi Wealth Management, for duping her of Rs seven lakh in a ponzi scheme where her investment money was never recovered. Subsequently, the directors of the firm, financial organisation, Manisha Kshatriya and Ajay Kshatriya triya, closed down their office at Mumbai Naka and fled. the scene.According to Kotkar, she had invested Rs seven lakh with the company at Mumbai Naka that promised to double the invested amount in 14 months. However, with the passage of time, the company neither gave the assured returns nor the invested amount.On April 7, Ashutosh Rathod published the title verification of the property, thereby cheating the complainant.A case of cheating has been registered against four persons at the Bhadrakali police station. In a complaint lodged by Kantaram Mali of Sinnar with the Bhadrakali police, the complainant has said that he owned three shop units at Padmavishwa Apartment, Mumbai Naka, where a financial organisation Samruddhi Wealth Management operated. However, the directors of the financial organisation - Manisha Kshatriya and Ajay Kshatriya of Vijay Nagar, Nashik, prepared fake documents of Mali's property at Mumbai Naka and sold it to Anjali Rathod and Ashutosh Rathod, by making a fake sales deed and registering it with the notary. On April 7, Ashutosh Rathod published the title verification of the property, thereby cheating the complainant. Kantaram Mali has also alleged that Ashutosh Rathod forcibly tried to take custody of the property by threatening him.It may be noted that on April 8, a woman named Madhuri Kotkar of Deepali Nagar had lodged a complaint against Samruddhi Wealth Management for duping her of Rs seven lakh. According to Kotkar, she had invested Rs seven lakh with the company at Mumbai Naka that promised to double the invested amount in 14 months. However, with the passage of time, the company neither gave the assured returns nor the invested amount. Subsequently, the directors of the company - Manisha Kshatriya and Ajay Kshatriya, closed down their office at Mumbai Naka and fled the scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12710971", "title": "Muslim body to oppose marriage registration", "text": "LUCKNOW: Riled by the decision to make the registration of marriages mandatory, the All India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIMPLB) is set for a showdown with the Centre. The general body meeting of the apex Muslim body, to be held soon, is expected to be stormy with the clergy ready to tear into the \"insidious designs to infringe the Shariat rules\".AIMPLB member Zafaryab Jilani said the board had made its reservations on the issue clear three years ago when the proposal was first floated. A committee headed by Maulana Ibrahim Rasool Ilyasi had conducted a survey of all states and presented a report to then law minister Veerappa Moily.The findings, Jilani claimed, stated that while registration for certain official dealings was acceptable, holding it up as a prime condition, the violation of which could nullify a marriage, would be deemed a gross violation of Muslim personal law. Jilani is now the additional advocate general of UP.\"Our stand is unambiguous,\" said Maulana Khalid Rashid Firangimahali, head of Islamic Centre. \"Let the government make the registration voluntary and not link it to the legal acceptance of nikah. The government must carry out suitable changes and make the nikahnama an officially acceptable registration,\" Firangimahali said.The issue now threatens to turn into a gender war. \"The nikahnama introduced by the board three years ago categorically makes registration of nikah a pre-condition,\" said All India Muslim Women Personal Law Board president Shaista Ambar. \"This provision guarantees security of marital rights to Muslim females,\" she said, adding, \"Lack of official proof of matrimony has wrecked many lives. Moreover, registration is handy for procuring pension of a deceased husband or for property rights.\"The women's board, she added, has appealed to President Pratibha Patil to include registration clause in the Muslim Marriage Act and so far more than 100 progressive couples have opted for the new nikahnama.Darul Uloom, Deoband, has also come out in open to \"safeguard Shariat laws\". Its spokesman Ashraf Usmani said, \"The move is decidedly anti-Islam and highly objectionable.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12710663", "title": "Another traffic cop gets stick for seeking bribe", "text": "GURGAON: Yet another traffic constable was suspended on Tuesday after DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora received a complaint against him for taking bribe from a commuter on MG Road. After Arora received a complaint against the corrupt constable in the morning, ACP (traffic) was sent to verify the matter. The constable was suspended by the DCP after he was found guilty.In a crackdown on errant cops, the Gurgaon traffic police have suspended at least five cops, including the present one, for seeking bribe in the past one year. Moreover, the traffic police have issued challans to over 50 cops for various traffic violations during the past four months. Around 200 cops were challaned for various violations in 2011.Senior traffic police officers said there were instances when their own staff were suspended after videos of them taking bribe were uploaded on Facebook or shown to the DCP (traffic). On March 30, a constable posted at IFFCO Chowk was suspended for allegedly taking a bribe of Rs 50 from a scooterist. The incident was brought to the notice of DCP (traffic) by a resident who showed a video clip of constable Ajay Singh asking for bribe.The traffic police's Facebook page has proved to be quite helpful in nailing cops themselves. People can upload photographs of traffic violations of any kind on the page.According to traffic department officials, at least two to three traffic violation complaints against cops are received every week on Facebook. The details of challans are also posted online for public to see.As per DCP (traffic) office, most complaints against cops are for driving motorcycle without helmet, using fancy number plates and misuse of police logo by painting it on their vehicle's registration number plates.The DCP (traffic) said corruption was a major issue and the department was trying to send a signal that no one was above the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12709647", "title": "Man gets 4-year RI, 25k fine for carrying ganja", "text": "CHENNAI: A man has been sentenced to four years rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs 25,000 after he was found guilty of committing offences under the provisions of The Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act, 1985. R Ganesan, judge, first additional special court for cases under the NDPS Act, passed the order on Tuesday.Narcotics Intelligence Bureau officials picked up M Jegan on July 16, 2004 from the Koyambedu-Poonamallee High Road. Investigators found that he was carrying 10kg of marijuana. While questioning him further, Jegan said he earned a living by plying goods on a fish cart. However, since he could not earn enough money, he volunteered to source marijuana from a person in Andhra Pradesh whose identity he did not know.Dhamal T Kanna, special public prosecutor under the NDPS Act, established with the help of prosecution witnesses and documentary evidence that Jegan had committed the offences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12711653", "title": "Designer condom to rise to the occasion", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Size matters. Imagine being able to shop for condoms like we (unapologetically males only) shop for shirts and choose XL, XXXL or Slim Fit as the case may be. A young fine arts student has come up with an ingenious idea that might well make this possible and save both the novice and the rake a few blushes in the bargain.Sebin Thomas, a final year applied arts student at Government Fine Arts College here, has conceived a 'free size' condom, endearingly called Beau. Its shelf size is an unassuming four inches in length and 1.5 inches in width, though Sebin guarantees that its special elastic quality can adjust itself to any dimension once matters hot up (Warning: freaks keep away). He also claims that the new condom will bid permanent goodbye to problems related to wear and, especially, tear.\"If you fail to choose the right-sized condom, sex is going to be a failure. Often customers go for the standard size when they should be going for small or large. This often leads to slippage and tear. Such condoms spoil the fun,\"' Sebin says.Although enthused by the concept, officials at HLL Lifecare - the largest manufacturers of condoms in India - feel that only 'field tests' will reveal if it could become a successful product. \"It is good to have a condom that could do away with breakage and slippage. That happens either due to extra lubrication or because of the nature of the material used. However, this new condom has to retain its elasticity if it has to work. That is where its practical feasibility will be tested,\"' says Aby Santhosh Apren, deputy general manager, HLL.Sebin is confident that is possible. \"I have mainly focused on the design side. But often condoms are made from lambskin and polyurethane. I think by making slight variations in the composition, the elasticity can be increased,\" he explains.Sebin has a reason for naming his invention Beau. \"It means boyfriend. Those who use Beau can become the most lovable partner in bed. Even a very elderly person can become a youthful boyfriend to his partner using Beau,\" he says.Beau is currently on display at an on-going show at the Fine Arts College and has become a hit among the visitors. Sebin's teachers too are enthused. \"This show is meant for such innovative ideas and the way our students go about it. Beau is indeed an out-of-the-box thing,\" says Lekha M, head of the college's applied arts department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12714408", "title": "40 acquitted in Goa communal riots case for lack of evidence", "text": "PANAJI: A local court on Wednesday acquitted 40 accused, including senior BJP leaders, in the first ever communal riots case in the state, which had occurred in the twin towns of Curchorem-Sanvordem in 2006.The sessions court at Margao acquitted 40 accused, including the BJP general secretary Satish Dhond and senior leader Sharmad Raiturcar. The accused had been charged with unlawful assembly, mischief and criminal trespass.Riots had erupted after a mob demolished a madrassa on March 2-3, 2006, which was allegedly constructed illegally on the outskirts of Sanvordem-Curchorem. The violence, which continued for three days before the Central Industrial Security Force stepped in, saw property worth crores of rupees gutted.Acquitting the accused, judge Vikaya Pol said that the prosecution had failed to prove case against the accused including the individual role played by them. The judge also observed that merely becoming a part of the assembly does not establish their crime.\"The prosecution could not prove, beyond reasonable doubt, the act or commission on the part of the accused, which would make him a member of the unlawful assembly,\" the judge ruled.The court also noted that the prosecution failed to prove that the accused were a part of the assembly, which was responsible for communal violence.During the riots, which continued for two days, shops and establishments belonging to the minority community had been targeted.Officially, this is the first ever communal violence witnessed by the state, which is known for peace.Police had feared that the violence would spread in other parts of the state as well. However, the communal harmony meetings between both the communities had controlled the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12711995", "title": "Central Railway agrees to take steps for octroi evasion", "text": "NAGPUR: In a positive development, officials of Central Railway (CR) have agreed to initiate measures to prevent octroi evasion from the railway station thus giving some hope to the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) to increase revenue.Sources said the meeting between NMC and railway officials was held at the CR office on Tuesday. \"Assistant commissioner (octroi) Milind Meshram and Sunil Jadhav were present on the behalf of NMC and divisional commercial manager of CR Mukul Kumar and assistant commercial manager Thul represented CR.Meshram gave details of octroi evasion from the railway station and also measures to prevent the illegal practice. He requested CR officials to co-operate as evasion of octroi is a loss to NMC's treasury. Kumar accepted Meshram's request and directed Thul to conduct a joint inspection with NMC officials at the railway station. After the inspection, Thul will submit the report to Kumar making way for measures to prevent octroi evasion.However, CR officials have reportedly denied any release of parcels from the main entrance (western side) of the railway station. Officials of the octroi department had caught staffers of the Railway Protection Force (RPF) red-handed in an octroi evasion case in which the parcel was reportedly released from the western side of the railway station.Meshram told TOI that the prevention of octroi evasion from the railway station will help to increase the NMC's revenue to a great extent. \"Goods are transported in huge quantity to the city through Railways. On the lines of the system at the airport, the CR should release parcels after collection of octroi at the railway parcel room. But the system is not permitted at the railway station. Besides, the CR officials should direct the officials concerned to give copies of parcel unloaded at the railway station to the NMC,\" said Meshram.A senior NMC official said that NMC has proposed various measures for the prevention of octroi evasion from the Eastern side of the Railway station. \"There is a gate on which the railway has not control. NMC should be allowed to put up barricades and install CCTV cameras. The protection wall is damaged at a spot towards the Ram Jhula from where parcels are let out without payment of cotroi. Co-operation from RPF staffers is a must to resolve all these issues. We are expecting positive steps from the railway officials. Any kind of increase in the NMC revenue will pave the way for development works in the city,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12711792", "title": "Notice on plea challenging Punjabi singer Mohammad Sadique's election", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Acting on a petition challenging the election of Punjabi singer Mohammad Sadique from Bhadaur assembly constituency, Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday issued notice to the MLA, seeking his response to contentions raised over his election.The notice was issued by the high court while hearing a petition filed by former state principal secretary Darbara Singh Guru, who had unsuccessfully contested election against Sadique as SAD candidate after taking premature retirement on December 24 last year.In his petition, Guru has challenged the Scheduled Caste status of Sadique and prayed for setting aside the election and ordering of fresh polls from Bhadaur assembly constituency. \"Sadique belonged to the Muslim community. He is barred from claiming the SC status, as it is allowed to Hindus, Sikhs and Buddhists but not to Muslims. As Sadique has obtained the facility wrongly, his election needs to be set aside,\" Guru pleaded.Sadique had trounced Guru by about 7,000 votes. He also attracted the fancy of Punjab assembly members in the very first sitting with his true Punjabi style attire.The case will come up for next hearing before the high court on May 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12713790", "title": "NBCC celebrates 75 years", "text": "Kohima: The Nagaland Baptist Church Council (NBCC) is celebrating its platinum jubilee from April 19 to 22 and the programme will be held at the NBCC Convention Centre, Kohima. Council president Keviyiekielie Linyu enlisted the NBCC's efforts towards preservation of the indigenous identity of the Nagas, increasing education in the Naga society and the role it played in the establishment of peace between the centre and underground Naga groups as the three major achievements of the church till date. The NBCC was founded on April 5, 1937 and completes 75 years this year.The theme of 'One New Humanity in Christ' has been selected for the celebrations, which will begin with the inauguration of the convention centre by chief minister Neiphiu Rio on April 19. An 85-member platinum choir will present the theme song in the opening evening service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12710209", "title": "President polls: SP deploys MP Nanda to woo Mamata Banerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: Former West Bengal fisheries minister and Samajwadi Party's Rajya Sabha MP from UP Kiranmoy Nanda called on chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday to discuss fielding a non-Congress, non-BJP candidate for the polls with support from like-minded regional partners. This came despite the fact UP CM Akhilesh Yadav met PM Manmohan Singh recently in New Delhi, and the Congress high command, too, decided to humour Mamata despite differences on key issues.\"We want to see Mamata play a proactive role in national politics. I came here at the instructions of SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and had discussions on the upcoming presidential elections. I have requested Mamata to come to Delhi and hold discussions with other regional partners along with Mulayam,\" Nanda said after a 45-minute meeting with the CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12710296", "title": "Man killed for playing with neighbour's daughter", "text": "JAIPUR: A 40-year-old factory worker was killed by his neighbour for allegedly playing with his daughter in Maruti Colony in Sanganer in the city on Tuesday. The victim was identified as Virendra Kumar , a resident of Uttar Pradesh, who lives with his wife in a rented accommodation at Maruti Colony for the past few years. According to local people, the childless couple was very caring and loving for kids living the area. They often gift them sweets, toys and chocolates and play with them at their rented accommodation. The incident happened at 10 am when one Chotte Ram, a neighbour of Kumar, saw his daughter playing with Kumar and his wife. Chotte was earlier involved in a heated argument with the deceased over his daughter visiting their house.Furious by it, he accused Kumar of luring his daughter to his home. The heated argument turned violent when Chotte brought a sickle from his home and repeatedly hit on the head of Kumar.The victim was immediately rushed to SMS hospital by local people. There he succumbed to his injuries at 3 pm. Chotte was not arrested till the last reports came.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12713489", "title": "Google: Don't need license to use Java in Android", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Google Inc, whose Android software runs on more than 300 million mobile devices, denied stealing Oracle Corp' technology to develop the program.Google outlined a defense today in federal court in San Francisco against Oracle's allegations of copyright and patent infringement. Oracle, the largest maker of database software, is seeking $1 billion in damages and a court order blocking Google from distributing Android unless it takes a license.Oracle's lawyer told the jury yesterday that Google knew as far back as 2005 it had to license the Java programming language , now owned by Oracle, to develop Android.\"Google didn't need a license to use the Java language in Android,\" Robert Van Nest, an attorney for Google, said today in federal court in San Francisco on the second day of an eight- week trial.Oracle Chief Executive Officer Larry Ellison will testify at the trial, the Redwood City , California-based company said in a filing yesterday. Oracle also said it plans to call Mountain View, California-based Google's CEO, Larry Page .Michael Jacobs, an attorney for Oracle, yesterday showed the jury e-mails he said outlined how Google executives knew the company had to license Java technology and then tried to hide evidence of Java code in Android.\"My proposal is that we take a license,\" Andy Rubin , a Google senior vice president, said in an October 2005 e-mail to Page shown to the jury. Rubin said Google would have to pay for the license, the e-mail said.'Give back'A Google engineer, Tim Lindholm, said in a February 2006 e- mail that the company was in negotiations for a Java license. Google didn't agree to the terms of a type of license that allows companies to use Java code and write new code on top of it which \"you have to give back to the open-source community,\" Jacobs said.\"You can't keep it for yourself,\" the Oracle lawyer said. \"They broke the basic rules of the Java programming community.\"In another e-mail shown to the jury, one Google executive tells another to \"scrub out a few more Js\" from Android code. The \"J\" stood for Java, Jacobs said.Oracle also alleges that Google infringed two Java patents that a court-appointed expert estimated are worth $2.8 million in damages.The first phase of the trial will deal with allegations of copyright infringement. Phase two will address patent claims. If jurors find that Oracle's intellectual property was infringed, they will decide in a third phase whether the company is entitled to damages.Sun MicrosystemsJava, developed by Sun Microsystems in the mid-1990s, lets developers write programs that work across different operating systems and on a variety of computers. A key building block of the World Wide Web, it's widely used in business applications. The software also runs on billions of mobile devices. Oracle acquired Sun in 2010 for $7.4 billion.Van Nest said today that his client will prove four points during the trial: that Sun gave Java to the public; that Google built Android using \"free and open\" technologies; that Sun approved of Android's use of Java; and that Google made fair use of the language in Android.Google rejected an offer by Sun to accept $100 million in royalties to use Java in Android's development, Van Nest said last year at a hearing in the case. The proposed three-year deal in 2006 was for a technology partnership to build Android jointly, rather than for just a patent license, he said.Google, operator of the biggest search engine, relies on Android, the most popular US smartphone operating system, to compete with Apple Inc in the mobile-phone market and to cut its dependence on traditional Web-search advertising.The case is Oracle America Inc vs Google Inc, 10-03561, US District Court, Northern District of California (San Francisco).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12715219", "title": "GLADA, MC play blame game over lack of facilities", "text": "LUDHIANA: The tussle between Greater Ludhiana Area Development Authority (GLADA) and municipal authorities has become a problem for shopkeepers on Jail Road, who have been repeatedly complaining about the lack of infrastructure in the market. Replying to a query under RTI, GLADA claimed that they have handed over the market to MC, while MC is refusing the same.The shopkeepers complained that, till date, water and sewerage connections have not been provided in Jail Road market, resulting in shortage of water supply; and their list does not end here. They add, public toilets have not been constructed and the green belt which was left on one side of the water has not been developed. Vineet Monga, a shopkeeper in the market, said, \"There is a dire need to provide basic amenities in the market as there is no water supply and sewerage connection. Despite this, GLADA is recovering development charges from us.\" He adds, \"The garbage dumps in the market too need to be relocated. On April 26 another auction of commercial sites in the adjoining pocket is going to take place, but I'm sure no buyers would turn up seeing the condition of the market.\"One of the allottees of a shop in the market, Rupinderjit Kaur, who had sought information under RTI, said, \"Both departments are trying to shift the responsibility on each other, but we are the real sufferers. The officials must provide basic amenities in the area.\"GLADA estate officer Jeet Ram said, \"The site falls under MC, therefore, it is their duty to maintain it.\" On the other hand, joint commissioner AS Sekhon said, \"We would maintain the area only when GLADA provides the market with basic amenities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12711140", "title": "Scientist gets bail after Mamata govt faces public ire", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government finally bowed before the groundswell of support for the arrested scientist Partha Sarathi Ray. On Tuesday, a city court granted him bail after 10 days in jail custody. But the bail pleas of six others arrested with Ray on April 8 were denied.Ray's arrest has been condemned by thousands of peers, students and rights activists from across the globe. Nobel laureate Noam Chomsky wrote to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for his release. Hundreds of voices claimed that Ray was framed by the Bengal government because he was fighting for the rehabilitation of those evicted from Nonadanga.On Tuesday, the scientist's lawyer Subhasis Roy submitted the bail petitions for all seven arrested activists. The state counsel, Tapan Saha, did not oppose Ray's bail. \"We do not have sufficient evidence against him,\" said Saha, who opposed the bail of the six others, including Debolina Chakraborty. The lawyer pointed out that in the past week, the police could not find anything to substantiate their claims against Ray.Around 7 in the evening, a magistrate granted bail to Ray but extended the remand of the rest. He may walk out of Presidency jail by Wednesday afternoon.Political experts believe that the increasing pressure from different quarters in India and abroad forced the state government not to oppose Ray's bail petition. Hundreds have joined the online signature campaign. A Delhi-based rights body has started a signature campaign for Debolina, saying she is a \"victim of state revenge\".Ray was among 61 protesters picked up by police during a demonstration against the Nonadanga eviction on April 8. A nine-year-old girl also spent hours in police lock-up before all but seven of them were freed. Ray, Debolina, Sidhhartha Gupta, Baban Chatterjee, Abhigyan Sarkar, Samik Chakraborty and Debjani Ghosh were arrested. All seven were accused of assaulting police officers during an agitation on April 4. Debolina was charged in a two-year-old case for alleged Maoist links. They were remanded in jail custody till April 26.Ray, who teaches at the prestigious Indian Institute of Science and Research, is an anti-eviction crusader. His colleagues say he was attending a faculty meeting at IISER on April 4 and that he stayed in the guest house that night. They submitted documents in favour of their claim and allege that Ray was framed. The state counsel had earlier claimed that the arrested leaders were indulging in Maoist activities at Nonadanga and had stockpiled arms and ammunition in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12709746", "title": "30 cases of cheating reported this year", "text": "CHENNAI: Snuggled in the fold of their shirt sleeve or hidden in their rolled up sock, students have always found a way to carry bits of paper into the exam hall. This year alone, more than 30 students appearing for the SSLC examinations have been caught in possession of 'bit' papers.\"Most of these students are private candidates who were caught carrying handwritten notes or torn-out bits from textbooks into the examination hall,\" said an official from the department of government examinations. Of the 30 cases of malpractice, 16 were reported during the English language papers, eight were during the Tamil language papers and six students were found copying during the maths exam on Monday.Every day, during the examinations, flying squads of handpicked district educational officers visit at least 2-3 examination centres each. \"More or less, all the exam centres in the state can expect a visit from the squad while the exams are on,\" said the official. \"Some centres are labelled as being more vulnerable to malpractice and standing squads are stationed to prevent any such incidents. Such centres are more common in the northern part of the state in districts like Tiruvannamalai, Velur and Cuddalore,\" he added.A district educational officer part of the flying squads said that it was easier to spot offenders with experience. \"We are able to pull up students based on their mannerisms. Most of those who are trying to cheat usually seem distracted and more interested in making sure whether the teacher is watching them,\" he said.On Monday, seven government school teachers in the Mount Saint Joseph Matriculation Higher Secondary School in Tiruvannamalai were suspended after they were found to be involved in organized %copying.These teachers were found in possession of bits of papers with answers when the flying squad decided to frisk the supervisor and invigilators instead of the students.Officials also said cases of impersonation and forgery were not very common since the government had started issuing scanned hall tickets and examination certificates that had the candidate's photograph affixed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710076", "title": "MCD polls: Victory sweeter for some as family also winner", "text": "NEW DELHI: For siblings Jitender Singh Shunty and Preeti, victory tasted doubly sweet. Shunty emerged strong in Jhilmil, while Preeti had a smooth sail in Vivek Vihar. They looked thrilled to be voted back to power. And for this, they credited their developmental work in their wards.\"We have carried out development work in our areas and that is why the people voted for us. This is our second time and we have been working for the welfare of the people. With huge support from the masses, we will contest the upcoming general elections also,\" said Preeti.Jubilation was intense among the crowd in Vivek Vihar. People started throwing currency notes in the air. Preeti was earlier denied a ticket by Congress, which is why she contested as an Independent this time. It was her third successive victory.Meanwhile, Kishan Pehelwan's victory in Najafgarh was complete as his wife Neelam, too, won from Dichaon Kalan. Their supporters went berserk and almost brought down the gate of the counting station. The INLD heavyweight said he expected a clean sweep, but Neelam attributed her success to her husband's hard work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12711946", "title": "Traders make suggestion for Nagpur Municipal Corporation budget", "text": "NAGPUR: The civic body should replace its single entry system with double entry system while maintaining property tax records. It will not only help Nagpur Municipal Corporation to assess property tax dues but will also increase its revenue, advised traders' bodies while giving suggestions to the standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari who is all set to present the civic body's 2012-13 budget soon.Apart from this, NMC should also concentrate on tourism sector as the city is a gateway to many tiger reserves, advised Nag Vidarbha Chamber of Commerce (NVCC) delegation in a meeting with the standing panel chief.A delegation of Vidarbha Taxpayers Association's (VTA) led by its president J P Sharma too pointed out in a memorandum submitted to the standing committee chief Tiwari and mayor Anil Sole that property tax assessment of buildings constructed in the last decade, especially in the suburbs, have not been carried out by NMC and tax collectors approach only regular taxpayers. \"Hence if comprehensive survey is done, property tax collection shall surely double,\" the memorandum stated.Octroi on new vehicles has doubled in recent past, due to which plenty of buyers have started registering their vehicles in rural RTO, thus resulting considerable loss to NMC exchequer; therefore after complete study appropriate correction is suggested by VTA.Plenty of city roads are dug up for cable under grounding, thereafter most commonly it is seen that the repairs are not done properly, hence VTA suggested that horizontal direction drillings (HDD) machines may be used and they are also less expensive as compared to open trenching.NVCC and VTA suggested the civic body to hand over the existing corporation schools, attended by very few students, to appropriate groups with control on fees structure. Similarly, NMC-run gardens, amusement parks, etc should be handed over to private entrepreneurs who can maintain them better after examining proper parking and other facilities.Quick decision on stalled construction work of malls, construction of multi-level parking, privatization of street lights, synchronizing of traffic lights and effective team for regular maintenance of roads, sewerage, drainage and street lights were also submitted.VTA also pointed out the problems faced by east residents arising out of garbage dumping in Bhandewadi and appealed to NMC to examine the situation and take appropriate steps for the same.Traffic congestions on Jai Stambh square near railway station was discussed and VTA specifically requested that complete study of its future traffic movement is required. Fearing that the day Ram Jhula is operational, there would be absolute chaos on this square.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12714133", "title": "Several old parents being abandoned in the city", "text": "GUWAHATI: There has been a drastic rise in cases of old parents being ill-treated by their children in the city; while some are abandoned on streets and railway stations, others are beaten up and abused within the confinement of the four walls of their homes.Help Aid, a city-based NGO which was formed in 2008, rescued four old abandoned women from the streets and railway station platforms. \"We rescued an 80 year old woman from Nalbari. She was abandoned on the street by her son and she took to begging near a bus stand to make a living. When she fell ill, some people took her to the hospital. We took care of her after that,\" Help Aid president Manab Kakati said.Another 84 year old woman from Bongaigaon, who sold off her house to get her daughter married was fleeced of everything she possessed and abandoned at a railway platform by her daughter and son-in-law. These incidents are not only limited to the middle and lower classes. Such cases have been reported from well-to-do families as well.\"In Nagaon, a woman was abandoned by her son who works in a prominent oil company. He alleged that his mother fuelled fights between his wife and him and since his mother had lived 80 per cent of her life, the remaining 20 per cent didn't matter. Later, we rescued the woman from the streets,\" Kakati said.According to Kakati, after the launch of a helpline on April 15, they have been getting two to three calls every day about elderly people being abused by their family members. \"Till now, we have received 22 calls and it's all the same case over and over again. Some of them are from the city while others are from neighbouring areas,\" added Kakati.Sangeeta Dutta, a psychiatrist said, \"What we are seeing is a clash of values. Parents and children today cannot connect mentally and tend to blame each other. What is required is empathy on the part of the parents and children and mutual respect for one another. Parents are socio-centric while children are more ego-centric these days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12710681", "title": "2 members of gang held for posing as CBI staffers", "text": "GURGAON: Sohna police have busted a gang with the arrest of two its members who were pretending to be CBI officers and extorting money from people.The police nabbed the gang members at their \"Crime Investigation Bureau Service\" office in Jakhopur village. Before the police raided the \"office\" set up by the gangsters, the men, masquerading as CBI men, had demanded a bribe from a school in the village. The police also seized fake CBI identity cards and some other documents from their possession.According to the police, one Parvin Ahuja has been running a school, \"Dev Shiksha Sansthan\", in Jakhopur village. On Monday two persons went to the school and told the school authorities that they were CBI officers. With the aim of demanding a bribe, they told the school authorities that they wanted to check the school records and took away some documents. They then demanded Rs 12,000 as bribe.At that time Parvin was not in the school and her wife Monika called him and told him about the visit by the \"CBI officers\". By the time Parvin reached the school they had fled.On the complaint by Parvin, Sohna police have been lodged an FIR against two unknown persons and conducted a raid on their office. Two members of the gang were subsequently held by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12715665", "title": "Rare coins and manuscripts preserved in Central Library of Allahabad University", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Even as much have been mentioned about the rich heritage of 125-year-old Allahabad University, but one thing which only few people know about is the rich collection of antique coins and manuscripts kept in the defender safe at the Central Library of AU.The safe has over 500 antique coins, many among which are gold coins dating back to 2,000 years, while hundreds of manuscripts including Vinaya Pitaka, are kept in as many as six almirah besides Godrej defender safe. This large safe was purchased in the year 1998 and once the contents were placed in it and the doors locked, it has not been opened since then. Although around 14 years have passed since the safe was last opened, the authorities of the Central Library too do not know about the exact content of the safe which can be opened with the three sets of keys, placed one after another.But as the safe has not been opened for the past over a decade, none, including the entire staff of the Central Library along with the librarian, knows anything about its content. The safe has not been opened for long as it can be opened only with the set of three keys. One set of keys is in custody of the librarian A P Gakhar while second set is with the deputy librarian B K Singh and the third set with the Registrar Prof J N Mishra.TOI in its effort to unravel the mystery behind this safe, which in itself is not seen or heard by most of the employees and faculty members of AU, was told that the safe was procured in the year 1998 by Prof Manas Mukul Das of the department of English in his capacity as the honorary librarian of the Central Library. At that time Prof C L Khetrapal was the V-C and Prof R C Tripathi the Pro-V-C. Talking to TOI, Prof Das spoke at length about the materials that were kept in the safe and the circumstances in which they were found in the Central Library and later kept in the defender safe. \"After taking over as the honorary librarian of the Central Library in the mid of 1998, one of the class-D employees, Sangam Lal Sahoo, came and told me that some coins and manuscripts are kept in an almirah in a sorry state. On opening the almirah, I saw various drawers wherein hundreds of coins were kept in different envelops, on the top some was written the period of which they belonged.\"\"We found over 500 coins, including13 gold coins. Along with it, we also found a list mentioning these coins according to which there were around 1,000 coins in the collection, including some 30 gold coins but we found just 13 of it,\" he added. Among these coins, some are of the period of Sikander Lodi (1489-1517 AD), as mentioned on the cover of the envelope, while some gold coin are of the period of Skandgupta, who crushed the Huna invasion in 455 and managed to keep them at bay.Since these gold coins were getting tarnished we were told that during the Huna invasion, the gold coins were not made of pure gold and some alloy was mixed with the material. We also found coins, some 2000 years old, of the period of Kadphises, the famous Kushan ruler and grandfather of Kanishka, that are also kept in the defender safe,\" said Prod Das. He further said that the list also mentions that a gold coin, which as not found by us, was of the period of Chandragupta. \"In fact the class-D employee, S L Sahoo, who showed us the invaluable treasure was awarded with 'distinguish employee award\", he added.The eminent professor further told TOI, \"There were number of manuscripts, also kept along with these coins including the Vinaya Pitaka, which is a Buddhist scripture, one of the three parts that make up the Tripitaka. Its primary subject matter is the monastic rules for monks and nuns. About three feet thick, the manuscripts contain script written in Pali with golden ink. Wooden frame holds the entire manuscript which is rolled in red cloth.\" All this, along with a large number of other rare manuscripts, are some Mugal farmans while others are Islamic manuscripts and others written in Persian and Sanskrit, have been kept in six almirahs kept besides the safe, he added.\"Foreseeing the importance and immense value of these items, Prof Das, then V-C Kheterpal and Prof Tripathi decided to procure a defender safe and keep all the items in it. Earlier we wanted the safe to be place on the first floor, but due to its heavy weight it was finally kept in the room of the librarian. It opens with set of three keys,\" said Prof Das.The safe has been not opened for the past many years because of the fact that the third key of the safe was not been located on the campus. In fact, librarian A P Gakhar had written a letter (June 2010) to then V-C Prof Rajen Harshe apprising him about the safe and seeking his intervention in locating the third key as one set of keys are with Gakhar and the second with deputy librarian. The librarian again wrote a letter on April 13 to the present V-C Prof A K Singh regarding locating the third key.In fact TOI also tried to locate the third key and in the process, contacted Prof Janak Pandey, who was the officiating V-C prior to Prof H R Singh from whom Prof Harshe took the charge. \"After joining as the V-C of Central University of Bihar , I handed over the keys to the registrar Prof J N Mishra,\" Prof Pandey told TOI. But now following the recent letter given to the V-C by the librarian, the keys were found to be in possession of the registrar. AU PRO Prof P K Sahoo said, \"Now with the three sets of keys being located, the safe can be opened as and when required.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "12710426", "title": "Conservancy worker falls victim to wife\u2019s conspiracy", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: The body of a youth from Tirunelveli, who was allegedly murdered by his wife and her paramour, was recovered from a valley in Kodaikanal on Tuesday.Saravanakumar, son of one Paramasivan from Meenakshipuram Railway Colony, was employed as a conservancy worker in the Kodaikanal municipality.Police said that a few months ago, he married Sandhya from Kodaikanal and the couple was living in the hill station.On April 8, the couple came to Tirunelveli to visit his parents. The next day, Saravanakumar informed his parents that he was going to meet his friends but failed to return home in the evening.When he did not return even after two days, Paramasivan filed a complaint with the Tirunelveli Junction police.On suspicion, police secured Kanagaraj, a relative of Sandhya and his friends Mohan and Mani from Kodaikanal and interrogated them.Police sources said that the investigation revealed that Sandhya had been having an affair with Kanagaraj before she married Saravanakumar, and they allegedly continued their relationship even after her marriage.When Saravanakumar found that his wife was having an illicit affair with Kanagaraj, he chided Sandhya and asked her to quit the relationship which had irked both her and Kanagaraj.Police said they suspected that along with Kanagaraj, Sandhya hatched a plan to eliminate her husband. After Saravanakumar returned to Tirunelveli on April 8, Kanagaraj along with his accomplices, Mohan and Mani called him for a liquor party.When he came to the junction, they kidnapped and took him to Kodaikanal. \"He was taken from the Tirunelveli Junction on March 9,\" a police official said. After taking him to a cliff at Mayiladumparai en route to Kodaikanal, the trio killed Saravanakumar and pushed the body from the cliff to the valley below.Based on the information, police personnel from Tirunelveli rushed to Kodaikanal and along with the local police traced the body in the valley on Tuesday afternoon. The body was brought back to Tirunelveli after conducting a postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12718142", "title": "Neeku Naaku Dash Dash title changed", "text": "Director Teja doesn't give up very easily. He tried trimming the second half of the recently released, \" Neeku Naaku Dash Dash\" and now has renamed the movie as Neeku Naaku. \"We realised that the family audiences are not watching the movie because of the suggestive nature of the title. While in reality it is clean family netertainer. So we decided to name the movie Neeku Naaku. It is a touching love story set in the backdrop of the fake liquor syndicate. It is as celan a family entertainer as you can get,\" said director Teja.Looks like the maverick director is not done with the movie yet. He is planning to add some more comic bits soon. \"You see Dharmavarpu Subramanyam's name in the credit rolls because we had to edit away some amazing comedy scenes involving him. We will add them in two weeks time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chittoor", "code": "12710746", "title": "Elephants wreak havoc with crops in Chittoor", "text": "CHITTOOR: There seems to be no respite to the farmers of Chittoor district from wild elephants which keep on straying into their farm fields and fruit orchards. On Tuesday, a herd of wild pachyderms rampaged through crops in Bangarupalyam mandal. The elephants wreaked havoc in the neighbouring Kadapa district also.The rampaging tuskers sent shivers down the spines of villagers who are now spending sleepless nights in the wake of repeated incursions by the rogue tuskers. Two hundred and fifty mango trees and 100 coconut trees were flattened at Tekumanda village in Chittoor while crops in 10 acres were damaged in Settigunta village in Kadapa's Railway Koduru mandal. In Tekumanda and nearby villages, the tuskers damaged the farm motor pumpsets also as the herd trampled upon the fields.\"We have launched a special drive to track down the wild elephants and force them back into the forests,\" a senior forest official said.Expressing concern, the affected farmers said that the forest officials of Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh should launch a joint operation to drive the elephants back into the forests. A wildlife enthusiast said the authorities should develop water bodies and provide fodder in the forest 'safe zone' so that the elephants do not stray into the villages in search of food and water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12711727", "title": "Clear encroachments on pavements, says Pawar", "text": "PUNE: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar has directed the civic administration to take strong action against encroachments on footpaths and also asked the home ministry to approve separate police stations to handle civic crimes in the city.\"The state government will provide all help to the PMC to remove encroachments from footpaths and other places in the city. The civic body should strictly abide by the one-month deadline set by the urban development department to make footpaths walkable. No one should support or try to save the encroachments on footpaths,\" Pawar said in an all-party meeting held in Mumbai on Monday to discuss city's infrastructure issues.Pawar said that the PMC should have a permanent mechanism in place to curb encroachments on footpaths. The PMC officials present at the meeting urged Pawar to push for the government sanction to the proposal to set up civic police stations and civic courts to check encroachments.The PMC had said in its proposal that the existing burden on the police was deterring them from paying attention to civic crimes such as encroachments and violation of the Bombay Provincial Municipal Act and the Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning Act, 1966. So, there was no specific mechanism to check encroachments.The proposal also envisages creation of 500 posts in the department of deputy commissioner (encroachment), 132 posts for special policing and 28 posts at the special police stations.\"Encroachments pop up regularly despite the PMC conducting anti-encroachment drives. With lack of man power and infrastructure, the civic body is helpless,\" PMC officials said in the meeting.Pawar immediately called the home ministry officials and asked them to table the PMC's proposal before the cabinet. Home ministry officials told Pawar that the state home and law departments are taking a final look at the proposal suggesting formation of civic police stations and civic courts. Once it is approved, the PMC will get more powers to tackle civic crimes such as illegal constructions and encroachments in the city.The government officials said: \"The PMC's proposal on special police stations has been forwarded by the urban development department to the home department. The proposal to set up special courts has been forwarded to the law and judicial department.\"The government has agreed to approve the PMC's proposal to create 36 new posts in the PMC, the officials added. The posts include that of deputy commissioner for the anti-encroachment department (1), engineers (5), junior engineers (16), zonal encroachment inspectors (5), supervisor (1), and senior and junior clerks (4 each).Eom/rj", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12718004", "title": "Meenakshi Thapa's decaptivated body discovered in sewage tank", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The beheaded body of a small-time model and Bollywood starlet was recovered today from the sewage tank of a house where the father of a woman, arrested along with her paramour for the murder by the Mumbai Police, lives as a tenant.The body of Meenakshi Thapa, with its head severed, was found in the sewage tank of the house located at Georgetown, Additional Superintendent of Police (City) Shailesh Kumar Yadav told reporters here. The recovery was effected following information provided by Preeti Elvin Soren and her paramour Amit Jaiswal, arrested by the Mumbai Police on charges of murder and brought here yesterday, he said. The duo was interrogated for several hours jointly by the Mumbai and local police at the Georgetown Police Station following which the body was recovered from the sewage tank of the bungalow, the Additional SP said. Preeti's father Naveen, who works as a cook in a renowned public school in the city, lives as a tenant in the house. The accused claimed they had dumped the body in the tank a month ago after strangulating 26-year-old Meenakshi, and, therefore, the corpse was now \"in a semi-decomposed state\", Yadav said. \"We believe it to be Meenakshi Thapa's body on the basis of alleged killers' statement,\" the police officer said.The body was likely to be sent for a DNA test to confirm whether it was that of the slain model-cum-actress, he said.\"Efforts are on to trace the head which, the accused claim, was severed after the murder to prevent identification of the deceased,\" the ASP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12710571", "title": "Vandals deface Rajnigandha underpass", "text": "NOIDA: Cocking a snook at the police and authorities, vandals have stolen cylindrical steel covers from the pillars at Rajnigandha underpass. This is the second incident of vandalism at underpasses this month. About a fortnight ago, similar steel sheets were stolen from the Sector 18 underpass.Last week, Noida Authority had filed an FIR regarding the theft at the Sector 18 underpass. \"Investigations are on but we are yet to get any leads in the case,\" said a police official of the Sector 20 police station.The Rajnigandha underpass was thrown open to the public less than a year back, and is new as compared to the sector 18 underpass. While police had earlier said that no investigations related to theft can be conducted in the absence of a formal complaint and began investigations only after the registration of an FIR, police officials have denied that the Authority has filed any complaint regarding the latest theft. \"We are yet to receive any complaint into the incident of theft at the Rajnigandha underpass. This underpass also comes under our jurisdiction apart from the sector 18 underpass,\" said the police official.Repeated incidents of theft at underpasses and defacing of newly-built public property have left residents both shocked and disgusted. \"Noida Authority is using taxpayers' money to build these facilities but it is shocking that no one is ensuring their safety,\" said Junaid Akhtar, a resident of Sector 19. \"While money is being spent on guarding parks and memorials, it is appalling that blatant looting at other places fails to raise eyebrows,\" added Akhtar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12715969", "title": "Brahmani project to be under central flood scheme", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Union water resources minister Pawan Kumar Bansal on Tuesday assured chief minister Naveen Patnaik to re-include Brahmani-Birupa-Kelua Doab Project under the Flood Management Programme as soon as land acquisition is complete.Bansal gave the assurance when Naveen took up the matter with him during a meeting in New Delhi, a government statement said. The project, recommended by the Central Water Commission, is significant as it is touted to protect 160 villages from recurring floods of Brahmani river. It would benefit about 1.5 lakh population while securing over 17,000 hectares of agricultural land from flood damage. The Union minister also agreed to sanction 66 new minor irrigation projects during the current year.Naveen requested the Union minister to release the balance Rs 189 crore towards Central share for enabling the state to complete 1,321 ongoing projects sanctioned in December, 2010. Further, he sought Rs 112 crore central share for 440 projects, which were curtailed in December 2010.The CM impressed upon the Union minister the urgent need to clear pending proposals in view of their significance for the tribal and backward areas of the state and areas affected by Left wing extremism, the government releases said.The CM urged Bansal that the technical advisory committee should give early clearance to the remaining two phases of the Integrated Anandpur Barrage Project for the benefit of Keonjhar, Balasore and Bhadrak districts. He also requested for early clearance of the Ong Dam Project after receiving relief and rehabilitation clearance from the Union Ministry of Tribal Affairs, for the benefit of Bargarh and Bolangir districts.Naveen conveyed to Bansal that the state's request for 454 lift irrigation points under Accelerated Irrigation Benefit Programme (AIBP) in KBK region is pending since 2009-10. Bansal said his ministry will consider the proposal favourably, the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12710896", "title": "Tollywood regains lost glory, back to 2nd spot", "text": "HYDERABAD: The vibrant Telugu film industry has done it. While there has been a decline in the total number of feature films produced in the country, Telugu films have registered a positive growth.Telugu films have edged out Kollywood to occupy the second position after Bollywood in terms of number of films produced in the year 2011. Not only that, while there has been less number of Hindi and Tamil films produced, when compared to last few years, only Telugu films have raced ahead with an increase in the number of films produced.The Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) came out with its annual report for the year 2011 on Tuesday. According to the latest statistics, with a total of 206 Hindi films, Bollywood retained its top position. With a total of 192 Telugu films, Tollywood occupied the second position and with 185 films, Kollywood finished third.Comparatively, during the year 2010, as many as 215 Hindi films were produced. With 202 Tamil films, Kollywood took the runners-up position in 2010 and with 81 Telugu films, Tollywood finished third. While Bollywood has produced less number of films last year (nine less than compared to 2010), the numbers have declined even further in Kollywood (17 films less than compared to 2010), however, Tollywood has produced 11 additional films in 2011. Until a few years ago, Tollywood used to be number one in the number of films produced but Hindi films, later on, took over the much coveted slot. Subsequently, Kollywood pushed Tollywood from the second position. Now with the latest statistics, Telugu films are back in the reckoning.A look at the overall figures for the country reveals that the Indian film industry has been sliding. During 2008, as many as 1325 feature films were produced, in 2009 the number fell to 1288, in 2010 the numbers further fell to 1274 and during 2011, there was further slide to 1255 films. While there has been a fall in the production of Tamil, Malayalam, Marathi, Hindi, Kannada and English films, the report says that there has been an increase in Bengali (+12), Oriya (+12) and Telugu (+11) films. During 2011, as many as 122 Bengali films and 30 Oriya films were produced.The total number of films produced in the country during 2011 as against the figures for 2010 are: Hindi 206 (215), Telugu 192 (181), Tamil 185 (202), Kannada 138 (143), Bengali 122 (110), Marathi 107 (116), Malayalam 95 (105), Oriya 38 (26) and English 6 (8).Interestingly, so far as the censor's scissors are concerned, Tamil films bore the brunt the most. In all, 4843.32 metres of film had to be cut as against 3211.75 metres in Telugu films and 2535.27 metres length in Hindi films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12709168", "title": "Developer drags minister to court", "text": "MUMBAI: A developer has dragged revenue minister Vijay Balasaheb Thorat and additional chief secretary (revenue) Swadheen Kshatriya to court for allegedly committing civil contempt of court by approving a fresh inquiry into the title of Khandesh mill land in Jalgaon. The petitioner said it was done even though the court had ordered a stay last July. Kshatriya said he had not received the notice.Justice S V Gangapurwala of the Aurangabad bench of the high court directed that notices be issued to Kshatriya, Thorat, Jalgaon collector D S Rajurkar and an officer from the land revenue department. They have to reply by April 25 when the petition will be next heard.Rajmudra Real Estate Pvt Ltd, through its director Sukhdeo Singh Mohinder Singh, which bought the 45-acre mill land in 2003, filed the contempt petition, alleging \"brazen and deliberate disobedience\" of the HC order.The land has been privately owned for a century, said Rajmudra, and the government cannot seek to now determine its ownership under the Maharashtra land revenue code. Last June, when the Jalgaon collector was ordered to conduct an enquiry into land ownership \"based on a political complaint made to the chief minister in March 2011\", the developers challenged it before the HC. A bench of Justices Nishita Mhatre and M T Joshi stayed the enquiry and allowed the developer to continue construction on the land. The stay is still in operation.The court observed that the enquiry committee prima facie appeared to have been set up without jurisdiction.The developer alleged that Thorat and the bureaucrat acted in brazen defiance of the HC's interim orders. The developer said Kshatriya was aware and had been informed that the land was purchased by them in a sale confirmed by the debt recovery tribunal in 2003, as the mill was in liquidation since 1984. The HC in August 2003 had approved the sale and the Supreme Court permitted Rajmudra to develop the property, pending final orders.Even before it purchased the land in 2003, the developer said the land belonged to privately owned Khandesh mills, which in 1950 received an order from Bombay HC in its favour. Nobody, including the government, claimed the right or title to the property since 1950, the develo- pers said.Earlier court orders show Khandesh mills as undisputed owners who had received the land title from the British rulers, the writ added. The state recognized it as private land in its records and in various disputes, and held it to be liable for payment of a non-agricultural cess, as only private land can, the petition claimed. But officials now say that the land was originally the government's and the title needed verification. The order of fresh enquiry passed on February 21 was a \"high-handed attempt\" to supersede court orders without legal authority, the petition said, pointing out that the law department had in a file noting issued last December advised that the high court stay must be vacated before conducting any enquiry.But the file, obtained through the right to information by the developer, showed a noting that the \"collector has power\" under the land revenue code to conduct an inquiry into the title despite a court stay. The minister approved the stand in February despite the high court stay and acted in contempt, the court was told.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12711371", "title": "How to register with the employment exchange", "text": "Goa employment exchange falls under the department of labour and employment and functions as an interface between employers and jobseekers. Registering with a regional employment exchange greatly enhances an unemployed individual's options of getting a job as the exchange proposes a list of potential candidates to employers seeking to fill vacant positions. This week we'll run through the process of registering with the employment exchange and the benefits it entails.Documents requiredEmployment registration form (available without charge at the regional employment exchange office).Residential certificate stating that the individual has been a resident of a particular jurisdiction for at least a period of 15 years. The certificate needs to be duly attested by the taluka mamlatdar.All education certificates (originals)All work experience certificates, if any (originals)Applicants belonging to the SC, ST, OBC, physically handicapped, widow, divorcee, sportsmen/sportswomen or orphan categories need to produce a certificate from the concerned authority to register under a particular category.In case the jobseeker wants to register under the special \"one job in a family\" scheme, the income certificate from the sarpanch and secretary of the panchayat and countersigned by the block development officer of the taluka or chief officer of the municipal council needs to be attached with the registration form.Registration procedureThe applicant needs to fill the employment exchange registration form that is available at all the regional employment exchange offices and submit the same along with the relevant documents mentioned above. The documents-that are to be produced in original-are only for verification purposes and are returned to the applicant the same day after their authenticity is confirmed.After confirming the credentials of the applicant, the regional employment exchange office generates a registration number for the applicant and the registration process is complete.Employment seekers who wish to update their records with additional qualification acquired after registration can do so by reporting to the registration section of the exchange on any working day. It is important to bear in mind to carry all the certificates in original.Provision is also available for persons already in employment for registering their higher qualifications to seek suitable and better opportunities by producing a \"No Objection Certificate\" from the employer.Online registration facility is not available at this stage.Registration renewal procedureThe registration at the employment exchange is valid for a period of three years. Candidates can renew their registration in person on any working day between 9.30am and 1.30pm. Candidates who fail to renew registrations in due time can apply for renewal within two months from the month during which the renewal falls due, failing this the registration is deemed lapsed. This concession can be availed only once.One job in a family schemeIf an applicant's family income is less than Rs 15,000 per annum from all sources and there is no earning member in the family, the applicant can register under \"One job in a family\" scheme provided he/she has passed Class X. In this case a certificate of income issued by sarpanch and panchayat secretary countersigned by the block development officer of the taluka certifying that the income of the family from all sources is not more than Rs 15,000 per annum and that the applicant is unemployed is required.Contact information for employment exchange officeFor North GoaCommissioner, labour and employment, 4th floor, Shramshakti Bhavan, Patto Plaza, Panaji , Goa - 403 001Phone: 2437081, 2437082For South GoaPioneers Complex, old market, opposite district &amp; sessions court, Margao, Goa - 403601Phone: 2706021If you need more details on the procedures mentioned above, email us at toi.goa@timesgroup.com with \"@ your fingertips\" in the subject line. You can also write to us at: At your fingertips, c/o Times of India, Vivenda de Hassan, D Bandodkar Road, Miramar, Panaji-403001Compiled by Rahul Rai", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bijapur/ bagalkot", "code": "12715102", "title": "No dearth of funds to tackle drought: CM", "text": "BIJAPUR/ BAGALKOT: Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda said that he has suspended loan recovery drive in drought-hit areas. Talking to reporters at Inchageri village in Indi taluk in the district on Tuesday, the CM said a direction has been to authorities on the issue.\"Nearly 100 taluks in 14 districts are reeling under drought. I have come to personally take stock of the situation, and chalk out measures to tackle the crisis,\" the CM added.The government will open a fodder bank and supply fodder at 50% subsidy to farmers. The CM told villagers that borewells will be dug dug and old borewells recharged. \"If there is no power, use diesel generators for pumping water,\" he advised villagers.The CM assured the villagers that there is no dearth of funds to tackle drought. The CM said that if former CM B S Yeddyurappa's suggestions to tackle drought were good, they will be considered. The cabinet will be expanded once the high command gives the green signal, the CM said.The CM felt that the wages of Rs 125 paid under the rural employment scheme was too less \"This is deterring workers from taking up drought-relief works,\" he said. The government has written to the Centre to hike the wages under the scheme, but there has been no word from them on the issue, he added", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "12710807", "title": "Terror suspect appears in court", "text": "PURNIA: Purnia additional district and sessions judge Rajeshwar Tiwari on Tuesday recorded the statement of suspected Taliban terrorist Ghulam Rasool alias Mirza Khan under Section 313 Cr PC in the court.Khan, replying to the queries at the court on Tuesday, refuted the charge that he was a Taliban and had sneaked into Bihar from Nepal before being arrested at Purnia railway station on January 10, 2010 .He asserted he is very much an Indian citizen and was wrongly framed in the case. The terror suspect has been languishing in the Purnia Central Jail since January 2010. He has not been well for sometime.He has been charged with infringement of Passport Act and Foreigners' Act, among others.On Monday, the court of additional district and sessions judge had allowed two more investigation police officers to be examined as prosecution witnesses in this case.The court had, on April 12, ordered closure of the examination of prosecution witnesses after the police failed to produce three of the seven witnesses in this high-profile case. Later, the number of witnesses reduced to six as names of only six prosecution witnesses are mentioned in the charge sheet filed against Khan.The court had sent letters to top police officers, including the state DGP and Purnia SP, for the production of remaining three prosecution witnesses in this case. Only four witnesses were examined until then.Purnia public prosecutor (PP) Vimal Kumar had tried to produce a key police witness and investigating officer (IO) on April 14, a day after the closure of examination of prosecution witnesses was ordered by the court. The court, however, did not allow it.The PP made a fresh prayer under Section 311 Cr PC on Monday before the court for the production of two witnesses, including IO Manoj Kumar Singh and Mohammad Zainuddin. The court then allowed the two witnesses to be examined on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12712968", "title": "Govt argues on CBI jurisdiction", "text": "After unanimously accepting the crucial inquiry commission report on the Adarsh scam, the Congress-NCP government appeared to have come up with a plan to save erring politicians and bureaucrats.A senior bureaucrat told TOI on Tuesday, \"Since the commission has made it clear that the disputed land belongs to the state government and that there was no reservation for widows of Kargil war heroes, our contention is that the CBI has no jurisdiction to investigate the case. Our opinion is that now the conspiracy theory does not stand. We will soon move court.''In the wake of directives from defence minister A K Antony, the CBI had initiated a probe into the scam and, on January 29, 2010, lodged a first-information report against former chief minister Ashok Chavan, former municipal commissioner Jairaj Phatak, former urban development secretary R D Tiwari, former Mumbai collector Pradeep Vyas and a section of retired army officials.While the CBI was probing the scam, in January, 2011, the state government appointed a two-member commission, presided by Justice J A Patil, a former Bombay High Court judge, to investigate the scam. The commission's report observed that the land belongs to the state government.The bureaucrat said while certain administrative lapses had been found while allotting the land and subsequently when the society's plan was approved, \"all these irregularities can be probed departmentally; these do not require a CBI probe\". The state government has no objection to the enforcement directorate's probe into a section of members' fund sources, the bureaucrat said.Former IPS officer Y P Singh, who had knocked at the doors of the defence ministry to investigate the scam, said, \"In my opinion, since a section of retired army officials had illegally given a no-objection certification to the society, it was well within the powers of the CBI to continue with the probe.\" Singh added, \"Our information is that the CBI has secured several incriminating documents, which will nail erring babus and military officials. Under such circumstances, if the CBI is asked to drop the probe, it will very bad, and amount to protecting the corrupt.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12714129", "title": "3 shops gutted at Lakherapura", "text": "BHOPAL: Three shops in the busy Lakherapura market were gutted in the Chowk area on Bhopal on Tuesday evening. Panic gripped the area after an electric pole caught fire and soon it spread to the adjoining shops.Police said the area was vacated on time and there were no reports of anyone sustaining injuries in the incident. However, three shops in Lakherapura were reportedly gutted.However, the fire tenders rushed to the spot and the situation was brought under control, said the Kotwali police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12714425", "title": "Nathalia opts out of Gabbar Singh", "text": "Brazilian bombshell, Nathalia Kaur will not be doing the item number in Pawan Kalyan's Gabbar Singh. The filmmakers had approached the item girl for a special item number and the actress seemed pretty upbeat about the whole thing. But looks like things did not go according to plan. \"I am not doing the item number in Gabbar Singh. Things did not work out between us and hence decided to back out of it. My Tollywood debut will have to wait for now,\" says Nathalia. Insiders close to the producers of the film say that the price tag was the issue. Apparently, Nathalia was unhappy with the price she was being offered. Well, not many actresses would give up on a chance to make their debut with a Pawan Kalyan movie, but then Nathalia seems to know better.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12710834", "title": "Denied certificates by college, student ends life", "text": "HYDERABAD: With a 23-year-old M Pharmacy student committing suicide due to financial problems, his friends ransacked a college in Ibrahimpatnam on Tuesday.The victim was identified as N Venkatesh of Krishnarao Pet village in Karimnagar district. Venkatesh's father Ramaiah is a farmer.A year ago, Venkatesh joined M Pharmacy at Sri Indu Institute of Pharmacy in Sheriguda of Ibrahimpatnam. However, due to financial problems, a few months ago, Venkatesh wanted to quit studies and take up a job.According to the police, Venkatesh even got a job offer, but the employer wanted to see his original certificates before giving him the offer letter. He then requested his college administration to return his certificates.\"The college authorities asked him to wait till they get his fee amount from the government under the fee-reimbursement scheme,\" Ibrahimpatnam inspector K Ram Kumar said.As he failed to secure his certificates from the college, Venkatesh felt depressed. On Monday evening, he text messaged his cousin Mahender saying that he would be committing suicide.After receiving the SMS, Mahender's family members and friends began searching for him, but could not find him. Finally, on Tuesday morning, they came to know from locals about a body on the bank of the lake. Eventually, some students of the college rushed to the spot and identified Venkatesh. By the time police reached the spot, they shifted the body to the college and started staging a protest. Soon, some of them barged into the college building and ransacked the furniture and computers. Finally, police lathicharged and dispersed the mob. The body was then shifted for post-mortem.\"Venkatesh committed suicide by consuming pesticide. As of now, we have booked a suspicious death case under section 174 of the CrPC. If any evidence is found to prove that there was negligence on the part of his college, we will alter the sections accordingly,\" the inspector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12716742", "title": "Agitating traders demand rollback of rent hike", "text": "INDORE: The traders, who called on the mayor here on Tuesday, demanded that the rent of the shops, which fall in the areas leased out by the Indore Municipal corporation (IMC), should not be hiked as per the budget all of a sudden. They have submitted a memorandum to Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe in this regard.The rent charged by the corporation on such shops at the time of reaching an agreement in the past comes to Rs 2 per sq feet and it was to be increased by 25% every five years. Hence, the traders want that the rent be increased in the same proportion. The traders want a rollback in the sudden hike in rent by more than five times and make it at a reasonable level.In another development, the corporation has started serving notices on those traders, who have taken the shops on sublet or transfer basis without informing the corporation about it. The situation is that the shop exists in these areas in someone else's name, while the rent was being paid by some oher person who was running the shop. The corporation has given three months' time to the traders to think over the issue.The traders have also demanded that there should be regular maintenance of the market areas and also a thorough security, which is missing at the moment. The mayor assured the traders that he will put the matter for discussion in the forthcoming mayor-in-council meeting.Talking to ToI, Dhanraj Wadhwani, President, Indore Retail Cloth Merchant Market Association, said that the corporation must legalise the ownership of those shops to the real occupants, who are actually running the shops to avoid such confusion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12711972", "title": "Rs 50 crore package for Gondia, Bhandara tourism", "text": "GONDIA: Union minister for tourism Subodh Kant Sahay has announced a Rs 50 crore package for development of tourism and pilgrimage in Gondia and Bhandara district and directed the authorities concerned to submit a plan to this effect to the central government.Sahay made the announcement at a meeting of officers held at Manoharbhai Patel Institute of Engineering and Technology on Monday. The two districts, Gondia in particular, have beautiful natural spots like Hajra Falls and Kachar Garh, forests and wildlife sanctuaries like Pongezari, Nagzira and Navegaon and ancient heritage of Nagra, Pratapgarh and Padampur (Amgaon). These spots have good potential for tourism. But these continued to be neglected due to lack of proper coordination between district planning and development department, forest and building and construction departments.The meeting was the outcome of the initiative taken by Union minister for heavy industries Praful Patel. He said that over 4 lakh tourists visit Gondia and Bhandara districts despite lack of facilities. A blueprint for the development of these spots was prepared by the district planning department since 1998-99 and an annual budgetary provision of Rs 30 lakh was made. But either the amount remained unutilized or was diverted elsewhere.Therefore, Patel called upon Sahay to make a special provision for tourism. After getting details, Sahay announced a Rs 50 crore package and directed the officials to submit a development plan to the central government. Patel announced that he would convene a meeting of the officials concerned and submit the development plan within 45 days to the Centre.Gondia collector Pradeep Kalbhor, BG Kedar, deputy conservator of forest SV Ramarao, DFO (wildlife) Reddy and other officials were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12709219", "title": "Govt acts on General VK Singh's complaint, fast-tracks acquisition of weapons", "text": "NEW DELHI: With an eye on both China and Pakistan, the government on Tuesday approved a slew of measures to fast-track acquisition of weapons as well as boost infrastructure development along the borders for faster mobility of troops and equipment.The new steps significantly include seeking the Planning Commission's sanction for 14 strategic railway lines, mostly along the western and eastern fronts, for \"quick troop mobilization and logistics sustenance'' in times of conflict, sources said.An empowered committee has also been constituted under defence secretary Shashikant Sharma to examine the \"detailed project reports'' of the Army's proposed \"capability development plan on the Northern Borders'', worth Rs 26,155 crore that is slated for completion by 2020-2021. There is already an ongoing Rs 9,243 crore project for \"infrastructure development in the Eastern Theatre'' by 2016-2017.All this is critical since China can now move around 30 divisions (each with over 15,000 soldiers) to the borders within 30 days to outnumber Indian forces by at least 3:1 after undertaking massive infrastructure development all along the 4,057-km Line of Actual Control. Beijing, in fact, has recently taken to holding regular air and land combat exercises in the high-altitude Qinghai-Tibet Plateau to flex its military might.The new fast-track measures came after defence minister A K Antony held an almost two-hour long meeting with General V K Singh and his top brass on Tuesday, a day ahead of the slated testing of India's most ambitious strategic missile, the over 5,000-km range Agni-V.This was the third review meeting to plug critical operational gaps in India's military capabilities, highlighted by Gen Singh in his confidential letter to PM Manmohan Singh on March 12, in the face of two \"inimical neighbours'' and the \"reality of large land borders''.The meeting \"expressed satisfaction'' at the progress of procurement cases for the 4th regiment of the BrahMos supersonic cruise missiles at a cost of Rs 4,100 crore and two regiments of the Pinaka multi-barrel rocket launchers for Rs 2,136 crore.The new BrahMos regiment, with the missile's Block-III version that has \"steep dive capability'' to take out targets hidden behind a mountain range, will be deployed in Arunachal Pradesh, with the first three catering for the western front with Pakistan.The meeting also discussed the Army's proposed procurement of 145 M-777 ultra-light howitzers, which India is to buy from the US in a direct government-to-government deal worth $647 million.These air-mobile artillery guns will be needed for the new mountain strike corps (70,000 soldiers) being planned after the raising of two new mountain infantry divisions, with 1,260 officers and 35,011 soldiers, in Assam and Nagaland.MoD will also try to expedite the long-delayed over Rs 20,000 crore 155mm artillery modernization programme, which includes 1,580 towed, 180 self-propelled wheeled and 100 self-propelled tracked guns as well as more Russian Smerch multi-launch rocket systems.It was also decided that another empowered committee would be set up on the lines of the one for the Siachen Glacier, under the Army vice-chief, to speed up acquisition of specialized equipment for the 10 battalions of Special Forces tasked for clandestine warfare deep behind enemy lines.The weaponry for them includes advanced assault rifles and carbines, all-terrain multi-utility vehicles and GPS navigation systems, modular acquisition devices, laser range-finders, underwater vehicles and combat free-fall parachutes, among other things.Yet another committee will be constituted to examine the Army's long-pending case of acquiring its own attack helicopters and other \"combat aviation assets'', which the IAF has been opposing tooth-and-nail. \"The committee will include both Army and IAF members to study the current practices in armies of developed countries,'' said an official.FAST TRACK MEASURES14 Strategic Railway Lines :Eastern: Murkongseld-Pasighat-Rupai, Misamari-Tawang, North Lakimpur-Along-Silapathar.Western: Patti-Ferozpur.Southern: Jodhpur-Shergarh-Phalsund, Jodhpur-Jaisalmer.Central: Rishikesh-Karanprayag-Chamoli, Dehradun-Uttarkashi, Tanakpur-Jauljibi, Tanakpur-BageshwarNorthern: Jammu-Akhnoor-Poonch, Pathankot-Leh, Srinagar-Kargil-LehSouth-Western: Anupgarh-Chhattisgarh-Motigarh-BKN.Committees:Empowered committee headed by defence secretary to monitor \"capability development plan on the Northern Borders'' worth Rs 26,155 crore, slated for completion by 2020-2021.Empowered committee headed by Army vice-chief to fast-track equipment for Special Forces. These include advanced assault rifles, carbines, all-terrain multi-utility vehicles, GPS navigation systems, modular acquisition devices, laser range-finders, underwater vehicles, combat free-fall parachutes and the like.Committee to examine Army's case for attack helicopters and other \"combat aviation assets''. Army Aviation Corps wants a mix of reconnaissance, utility, tactical battle-support, armed and attack helicopters as well as tactical airlift fixed-wing aircraft in the long term.Acquisitions:4th regiment of BrahMos supersonic cruise missiles for Rs 4,100 crore.Two regiments of Pinaka multi-barrel rocket launchers for Rs 2,136 crore.10,000 Konkurs-M anti-tank guided missiles for Rs 1,223 crore from Russia.10,000 3UBK-Invar missiles for T-90S tanks for Rs 1,386 crore from Russia.15,000 3UBK-Invar missiles for T-90S tanks for Rs 2,079 crore from Bharat Dynamics.66,000 \"armour-piercing fin-stabilized discarding sabot'' tank shells for Rs 1,386 crore.Two troops of Heron UAVs (unmanned aerial vehicles) for Rs 1,200 crore from Israel.145 M-777 ultra-light howitzers for $ 647 million from US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12711716", "title": "Sports official arrested for taking bribe", "text": "PUNE: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB), Pune, on Tuesday arrested a sports official of the Shiv Chhatrapati Sports Complex in Mhalunge, Balewadi, for allegedly accepting Rs 30,000 as a bribe from a gardening contractor to forward his bills.The suspect has been identified as Mahadev Aba Kasgawde. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Sapankumar Narendrachandra Das .A team led by assistant police commissioner (ACB) Sanjay Naik Patil laid a trap at the sports complex and caught Kasgawde accepting the money.Naik Patil said that Das is a gardening contractor who had been hired to maintain the garden in the complex. \"Das had submitted one bill of Rs 5.39 lakh and another for Rs 6 lakh. The suspect demanded money to forward these bills,\" he added. tnnNaik Patil said that Kasgawde demanded Rs 30,000 from Das to forward his bills to his superiors. \"Das lodged a complaint at the ACB office on April 17. Accordingly, we laid a trap and arrested Kasgawde on Tuesday,\" he said.The ACB investigating team comprised police inspectors P M Shinde, Vinod Satav, K M Jadhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12711351", "title": "Ousted Maldivian President banking on India to restore democracy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ousted Maldivian president Mohammed Nasheed is likely to meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to brief him about the situation in his country and seek India's support for his ''pro-democracy movement'' and early polls. Nasheed, who arrived here on Tuesday, expressed hope before reporters that India will be able to ''bring Maldives back on track''.While Nasheed is scheduled to meet foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai, government sources said he may also meet Singh during his visit.''There is a change of government in Maldives and we want to explain the situation to the Indian government,'' said Nasheed.''I will be meeting the Indian leadership on 23rd of this month. We want more Indian assistance in bringing democracy back,'' he added. While stating that India has its difficulties in dealing with its neighbours, he added that its influence is paramount in the region.Before leaving for India, he told a news portal that he expected elections to be held as early as August. ''I think August is reasonable. The more time you give the present dictatorship, the more entrenched they will get; and hence early elections are very important. The dictatorial and military regime, backed by Gayoom, should end at the earliest and should be replaced by a government elected by the people,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12709517", "title": "At burial grounds, money weighs more than records", "text": "CHENNAI: There are no records of the bodies cremated or buried at the two burial grounds in Padi under the Ambattur zone of the Chennai Corporation, a reply to a recent RTI query has found.PACE trust coordinator G Balaji, who filed the RTI query, said he found from his own investigations that anyone coming to bury or cremate a body without a death certificate can do so by paying anything between 5,000 and 20,000 to the caretakers at these two facilities. Unlike other cremation grounds in the city, these two facilities are maintained privately.In his RTI application to the public information officer (PIO) of the Tiruvallur Collectorate, under whose jurisdiction Ambattur came until its merger with the Chennai Corporation, Balaji asked: Who takes care of these facilitiess? What is the tariff to bury or cremate a body? How many death certificates have been issued so far? Furnish the details of all deceased either buried or cremated at these places in Padi from January 1, 2008 to December 1, 2011.The application was later forwarded to the PIO-cum-health officer of the corporation's zone 7. The latter in his reply said that the two places - at Ilango Nagar in Padi and on Tiruvalluvar Salai opposite Lucas TVS - were being used as burial grounds. Hereditary caretakers were looking after these facilities and came under the control of the tahsildar concerned, he said.\"We issue death certificates after receiving a residence certificate enclosed with the form issued by a medical officer of a government hospital. As these burial grounds are being maintained by hereditary caretakers, we don't have any records for them. The corporation does not employ any person at these places. We don't collecting cash for burials or cremations here,\" the health officer claimed in his reply.Sources said many preferred to bury or cremate their deceased kin here because of the easy access. \"This could encourage goons and gangsters to use these places to dispose of bodies. Any member of the general public coming here with a body is forced to shell out a huge sum,\" a resident said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12711124", "title": "Minor resists marriage", "text": "MALDA: With several Malda girls raising their voice against child marriage, the district may soon secure a place in record books. Yet another 15-year-old girl resisted her marriage at Bhagabatipur village under Chanchal police station. A child marriage was stopped in the district on Tuesday after timely intervention by the administration.Unable to bear the expense of his daughter's education, The incident took place in the Bhagabatipur village under Chanchal police station, where daily wager Khabiruddin Sheikh decided to marry off his minor daughter. , failing to bear the expenses of her daughter Rajia Khatun's (15) studies, decided to fix her marriage.He and his wife Bulan Biwi fixed Rajia Khatun's arranged her daughters' marriage with a man from the neighbouring village. Rajia is a Class-VI student at a local madrasah. The marriage was supposed to take place in the next week before and the groom left for decided to marry Rajia, a Class-VI student of a local Madrasha, before leaving for North India as a migrated labourer. No demand for dowry made the offer even more lucrative for the Sheikh family.She contacted the local NGOs. Later cops and other officials convinced her parents against the marriage. tnnSocial welfare department officials were also informed. A team from the department along with police and sub divisional officer Arun Kumar Ghosh reached Khabiruddin's house on Tuesday morning. They managed to convince the father against the marriage and warned him of possible legal action. After a prolonged conversation, Khabiruddin agreed to cancel his daughter's marriage. \"Due to poverty, I decided to fix my daughter's marriage. After talking to the officers, I have decided to cancel the marriage,\" said Khabiruddin, a father of three.Meanwhile, an elated Rajia said: \"I will continue my studies.\" Ghosh claimed that the parents have promised to keep sending their daughter to school.It may be noted that almost 42% of Malda girls are forced to get married as minors, said a study of Burdwan University under a project of UNICEF . Recently, the president of India felicitated five girls from the district, who managed to resist their marriages as minors.A minor girl resisted her marriage with the timely intervention of administration. The incident took place today despite the stiff resistance of the guardians and the relatives. However, none was arrested and the parents have agreed to continue her studies.It is learnt that daily labourer Khabiruddin Sk of village Bhagabatipur under Chanchal police station had three children. The eldest among them Rajia Khatun (15) was a student of Class VIII of a local Madrasha. However, poor Kahbiruddin and his wife Bulan Biwi found the 'luxury' of their daughter's study too much to bear. They were planning to marry her off. Accordingly a groom was found in the neighbor village who agreed to wed Rajia before going to North India as migrated labourer. He even agreed not to take any dowry for the marriage. This was most lucrative offer which Khabiruddin could not avoid. No wonder the date of marriage was fixed in the coming week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12711855", "title": "Sops to Cartel will reduce Nagpur Municipal Corporation revenue by Rs 1.10 crore", "text": "NAGPUR: After keeping it pending for 20 months, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) Standing Committee (SC) on Tuesday passed a proposal to grant many sops to M/s Cartel Outdoor Advertising Private Ltd. As a result, the NMC would be incurring a loss of over Rs 1.10 crore.The agency had emerged as the highest bidder to execute the work of advertisements on street lights. The proposal to give it the work order came before the SC on February 17, 2009. Passing the proposal, the then chairman of standing committee, Krishna Khopde directed the administration to relax some points as stipulated in the tender and left the final decision with the municipal commissioner. Later, Cartel too applied for the same leeway. Aseem Gupta, who was then the municipal commissioner, granted the request and returned the proposal to the SC on July 20, 2010.According to the tender, Cartel had to pay the NMC Rs 16.11 lakh every month for three years. The proposed relaxations would reduce the revenue to Rs 10.50 lakh per month. No final decision was taken during the tenure of Sandeep Joshi as the SC chairman for the past two years.Finally, the current committee headed by Dayashankar Tiwari passed the proposal in the meeting held on Tuesday.Tiwari said that the proposal had already been passed by Gupta. \"Any further delays would have increased our losses. However, we have pegged the new amount to be given by Cartel at Rs 14.40 lakh per month for three years and with retrospective effect. We have also extended the gestation period (the number of days the agency is allowed carry on preliminary work) from one to four months,\" he said.Accepting this as modus operandi adopted by the contractors to increase their profits, Tiwari said the committee has directed the administration to submit the draft agreements henceforth to prevent such cases. \"Any agency found to seek relaxations after the work order has been issued will be asked to pay the entire amount and will be blacklisted if it fails to do so,\" he said.Among other decisions taken on Tuesday, the SC has directed the administration to conduct a survey and submit details of all plots given on lease by the NMC and directed the officials to prepare and submit the Citizens Charter within 3 months. \"The proposal for the charter had been passed by the last SC but had not been prepared by the officials who cited lack of provisions by the government. The officials have now been directed to prepare a proposal as per provisions of citizens' charter in the Right to Information Act,\" said Tiwari.Directives have also been issued to NMC and private operator Orange City Water Limited to end cases of contamination of water by the end of May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12711385", "title": "Fire in Mithakhali building, two jump off first floor", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two men jumped off first floor of a building near Mithakhali crossroads to save their lives as heavy smoke reached up to their floor after fire on ground floor. Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) officials rushed to the spot and doused the flames. The reason for fire was found to be short-circuit.According to AFES officials, they received a call from Sampada Complex at 2.25 pm on Tuesday. \"The fire had started on ground floor as a company's server room had reported short-circuit. The fire soon spread in waste material kept near the electric meters and damaged electric cables. The fire emitted heavy smoke and in want of proper ventilation, started swirling in first and second floor,\" said an AFES official.The smoke gave an impression that the stairs were blocked due to which people tried to get a way out. Two of the employees on second floor descended to the first floor and then jumped off a window. The duo was identified as Prakash Halwani, 26, and Rajesh Patel, 32. The duo was rushed to the VS Hospital.Both of them have received severe leg injuries. \"It was not a major fire but the negligence on part of the building maintenance system caused the incident. We have intimated the building authorities to provide at least basic firefighting equipments as per norms,\" said a senior AFES official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12710826", "title": "1 dead, 2 injured in accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 30-year-old businessman died and two of his friends suffered injuries when a speeding truck rammed into their bike in Attapur, Hyderabad on Monday night.The victim was identified as Mohammed Ilyas from Saber Nagar in Asif Nagar, while the ones who suffered injuries are Haragopal and Mohammed bin Basheer. The mishap occurred near pillar number 143 of PVNR Expressway when the trio took a U-turn to go towards Mehdipatnam.\"A truck coming from behind rammed into their bike and the rear wheel ran over Ilyas, who fell on the road,\" Rajendranagar sub-inspector (SI) P Laxmikanth Reddy said.Ilyas died on the spot and the injured were shifted to nearby hospitals for treatment. Police said that the injured were out of danger. The truck was seized and a man-hunt has been launched to nab the absconding driver. Cases were slapped against the driver under Sections 304-A (Causing death due to rash or negligent act) and 337 (Causing grievous injuries due to rash or negligent act) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12714112", "title": "Abducted boy found, accused nabbed", "text": "BHOPAL: A minor boy was allegedly abducted by a youth from Vallabh Nagar locality near the state secretariat in the city on Monday. The police said the victim was later found from a park and the accused was taken into custody.The exact reason for abduction is still to be ascertained. A case of abduction has been registered against the accused, Golu.The Jehangirabad police said the victim, Arman, 6, is a resident of the Vallabh Nagar locality. He went missing from near his house in the evening. The boy was later found when he was accompanying Golu, 20, a resident of the same locality. The police said the accused was in an inebriated state when he had taken the minor to a park opposite the Vallabh Bhavan.The accused allegedly beat up Arman, the police said. When the police traced the accused, he attempted to flee the spot, leaving behind the boy. He was soon nabbed, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12715977", "title": "JMM draws flak for RS nominee", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: With the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) renominating Supreme Court lawyer Sanjeev Kumar for the May 3 Rajya Sabha elections, former deputy chief minister Sudhir Mahato has criticized the party.Describing Kumar \"not a party man\", Mahato said the party should have nominated someone from the organization for the Upper House poll scheduled for May 3.\"I lodged my protest with the party during the core committee meeting in Ranchi on Monday,\" said Mahato, the two term legislator from Ichagarh assembly constituency.The JMM is a regional party that has been discharging its responsibility towards the state effectively with the support and representation of the local people, Mahato said.\"Why should we need someone from Delhi to represent our case in the Rajya Sabha. We have several talented academicians and social entrepreneurs in the party committed to the Jharkhand cause,\" said Mahato. He said senior advocate R K Anand and industrialist K D Singh, who were elected to the Rajya Sabha from Jharkhand on JMM ticket, joined the Congress and the Trinamool Congress conveniently. Mahato had criticized the party last month for nominating Kumar for the March 30 polling. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "12715107", "title": "Man, grandson held for murder", "text": "KARWAR: Haliyal police arrested two persons in connection with a murder that took place last Sunday in Garadolli village. Juje Khaitan Kamrekar, 42, a wrestler, was allegedly killed by his father, Khaitan, 70, and his son, Vinod. Vinod is Juje's son from his first wife.Juje deserted his first wife about six years ago and sent her to her parents' house in Kiravatti village. He was involved with another woman in Garadolli, police said.However, recently he brought her back to stay with him.On April 15, when Juje's first wife asked him for money he refused her. This led to a marital toff which angered Juje's father, Khaitan, and Vinod. They allegedly attacked Juje with an axe on Sunday night killing him.On Monday, Juje's wife filed a complaint with Haliyal police alleging that her husband was killed by his second wife. However, police discovered that he was done to death by his father and son. Khaitan and Vinod were arrested by police on Monday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12702449", "title": "Aspiring actress Meenakshi Thapa killed for money", "text": "A year ago, 26-year-old Meenakshi Thapa from Dehradun was giving interviews to local dailies about landing a role in the Imaad Shah and Tisca Chopra starrer \" 404\".A year later, she's in the news again, except that the stories are about her murder now. The Doon school alumnus was killed earlier last month by two junior artistes she befriended on the sets of Madhur Bhandarkar's \" Heroine\". The duo, Amit Jaiswal and Priti Surin, from UP, killed her in a bid to extort money from her family, as Thapa had told them that she belongs to a rich Nepalese family and acting was a hobby for her.In reality, Thapa was a dancer by profession, and her father is employed with the ONGC. She started her career in Bollywood by doing bit roles, acting in \"Saher\" and \"404\", parts of which were shot in Doon. Last year, after she was selected for \"404\", she'd told us, \"I was lucky to land a meaty role as a newcomer. My parents too are happy. Though they were apprehensive earlier, they are now open to the idea... I've been asked to move to Mumbai, which I am planning to do shortly. I want to take a chance in Bollywood.\" Thapa also had a diploma in aviation from Frankfinn Institute, but she'd said that it was dance that fascinated her. She was working as a dance teacher with St Joseph's Academy and Yeti Skates in Dehradun at the time, before moving to Mumbai.The acting bug took the MKP PG College graduate to Mumbai, where she met the two accused, Amit and Priti, both of whom reportedly hail from Allahabad. According to reports in Allahabad papers, Amit Jaiswal (who's married and has two kids) ran a coaching centre in Allahabad, where Priti worked, and where the two came close. After Amit - whose father is a reputed lawyer in Allahabad - faced opposition from his family for his proximity to Priti - whose father is a school employee - they ran away to Mumbai in July 2011. Amit only came back to Allahabad once after that, in September 2011, to meet his ailing father. He left again for Mumbai despite repeated requests to stay back, and told his family he was earning `16,000 per month in a bank. But locals say that everyone knew that Lale (as Amit is known in the neighbourhood) was acting in Bhojpuri films in Mumbai, and that he always wanted a lavish lifestyle.Perhaps that's what pushed Amit and Priti to kill Thapa, who had shifted to Mumbai only two months back. After befriending her, they took her to Gorakhpur in March this year on the pretext of work, where they allegedly beheaded her, while also asking for money from her family.Says Deven Bharti, additional commissioner of police, crime, Mumbai, \"When Meenakshi became friends with Amit and Priti, she led them to believe that she came from an affluent family and was acting as a hobby. As Amit and Priti needed money, they conspired to kidnap her and demand a ransom. They demanded `15 lakh from her family, but her mother could only arrange `60,000. When they realised that Meenakshi was of no use to them, they killed her. They disposed her body in a water tank in Allahabad and threw her head out of a running bus. We've sent a team to UP to find her severed body.\"Cops further stated that Meenakshi's brother Navraj had lodged a missing complaint a month ago in Mumbai, while her mother filed a complaint at a Dehradun police station. Sanjay Satardekar, inspector, Mumbai, crime branch, said, \"The accused have confessed to their crime, now we will further investigate the case, and once the charge sheet is filed, the two will be produced in court. Navraj in his statement told us that the accused used to send threatening messages and demand ransom through SMS. We traced Meenakshi's mobile phone to track their location.\" Satardekar added that \"After killing Meenakshi, the accused took her mobile and ATM card. Once the `60,000 ransom money was trasferred to Meenakshi's account, they withdrew that money and went to Vaishno Devi.\"Prawaal Raman, \"404\"'s director, told us, \"I do remember a very nervous girl on my set, for she was a local with no experience whom my team shortlisted for a small scene. She shot with us for an hour or so, and managed to deliver. It's sad that she tried following her dream but fell victim to few who unfortunately believe in short cuts. A lot of newcomers believe in immediately attaining a flashy lifestyle, without even bothering to focus on a substantial body of work.\"(With inputs from Garima Sharma, Anjali Nauriyal and Suruchi Sharma)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12716658", "title": "Haemophiliacs continue to suffer in state", "text": "INDORE: Even as the world observed yet another Haemophilia Day on Tuesday, the Central government's plan to provide blood and its related components to patients for free is yet to materialize in Madhya Pradesh.In 2009, the Central government had decided at a governing body meeting of National Blood Transfusion Council (NBTC) to provide diagnostic facilities and free of cost treatment, but it remained only on papers. Except few trained haematologists in city, there is no diagnostic facility available to detect haemophilia and extend treatment, leaving about 5,000 state patients in lurch, said health experts.Dr Anil Singhvi, a haematologist and patron of Haemophilic Society, Indore Chapter said, \"There are only three haematologists in the state. Paediatrician and general physicians provide treatment to the sufferers. There is also lack of awareness about the disease.\"Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Assam, Karnataka, Delhi and Goa have, however, been providing free blood factor injections to the patients, he added.Haemophilia is a genetic disorder which prevents proper clotting mechanism of blood and causes uninterrupted bleeding. A patient suffering from such a condition requires anti-haemophilia factor (AHF) injection to control bleeding. The injections are, however, expensive and have shelf lives of nearly 12 hours. In the market, they cost around Rs 9.25 per unit.Dr DR Haryani, vice-president of the haemophilia society said, \"Government hospitals do not provide factor injection to patients, except at Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital. There also, patients are charged for the injections.\"\"It is unfortunate that even the insurance companies do not provide cover to haemophilic patients,\" he added.The society, which had turned non-functional few years back, was reconstituted only in July last year.Recently, the Centre had decided to roll out a national programme to provide free diagnosis and treatment to patients suffering from Sickle Cell Anaemia, Haemophilia and Thalassemia. Under this programme, nearly 120 medical colleges/hospitals across the country will get the services of haematologist/biochemist and a pathologist. Molecular genetics laboratory will also be set up at 20 medical colleges that shall act as final referral centre for designated districts.\"We are hopeful that the medical colleges of the state will also get the benefit of the scheme,\" said Dr Haryani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12711874", "title": "Conciliatory visit by cops to Murkudoh-Dandari", "text": "NAGPUR: Shaken by the demand by Murkudoh-Dandari villagers to be relocated closer to 'civilization', a team from Gondia police visited the village recently to try and understand their problems. The senior police officials promised to apprise the district administration about the problems faced by the villagers in the remote and almost unapproachable part of the district.A truckload of Murkudoh-Dandari villagers had recently taken a protest march to the district collector's office, demanding relocation. They were demanding proper road connectivity, an armed outpost and other amenities in the villages. This led the police to immediately organize a 'jan jagaran melawa' or awareness campaign at the hamlets last week.Besides the road and police outpost, the villagers also highlighted other problems before Gondia superintendent of police Chandra Kishore Mina, who visited the village at the tri-junction of Maharashtra-Chhattisgarh-Madhya Pradesh last week.\"It was a police effort only, and the district administration could not be involved due to security issues,\" said Mina. \"We had to conduct operations on our way to and from the village to hold an interactive meet with the residents,\" he said.The villagers told police officials about the need for a barrage across a nullah flowing along the state borders of Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh . They cited examples of people dying due to want of medical assistance in their villages, and also stressed on the need for a hospital in the vicinity.Though a school building is coming up in their hamlets, the Murkudoh-Dandari villagers told the cops that teachers at the ashramshala or tribal school in the adjoining areas, where their children presently study, have stopped coming since October last year for unknown reasons. The villagers also sought help from the police in getting potable water in their hamlets.Mina said construction of some part of the road and a bore-well for the villagers will be possible through the schemes under the special Integrated Action Plan (IAP), which is a central government initiative for Naxal-affected districts. Police officials of the rank of SP, district collector and senior officials of forest department are part of the three-member IAP committee that can take up small projects to improve amenities in Naxal-affected villages.\"We would inform the district administration and local civic body about the requirement of a hospital and irregular teaching staff at their school,\" said Mina. \"We also assured the villagers that there would be no unnecessary police harassment,\" he said.Apart from the hamlets in Maharashtra, the police force is also learnt to have crossed over to Chhattisgarh's Katema village, also known as a Naxal base, during the operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12717995", "title": "Infosys: This is an unusual year for us", "text": "BANGALORE: Infosys has been a bellwether of the Indian IT industry. When the company started under performing below its guidance and market expectations, investment bankers and analysts have started questioning its credentials . This has been a cause of concern for the company which missed the lower end of its guidance range in three of the last five quarters. CEO S D Shibulal talks to TOI about the rebound strategy.Q. Analysts say inflexible pricing has led to the slip-up . The company's premium pricing has been helping its peers eat into the company's market share. Companies like Cognizant, TCS and Accenture are gaining at the cost of Infosys. Will you review the pricing strategy? We always look at pricing from a portfolio perspective and will continue to do so. The quality of growth is important to us. Q. Your 'no wage hike' announcement has created some concern among Infoscions. Are you worried that employee morale will be hit? Is that why you sent out a mail of reassurance to employees?We are an open organization and have always encouraged our employees to give feedback. After every result announcement we have quarterly town halls addressed by our leadership team to discuss the state of business. We use these and other communication forums to address their queries. In 2008, we said we would not give a salary hike to employees. However, when business improved in six months, we gave everyone the hike. This is an unusual year for us. The environment is volatile and visibility on growth is very limited. That's why we said we're not looking at a salary hike at this point of time. Over the year when we have a better hold on growth, we will take a relook at this decision.Q. Cognizant will overtake Infosys on revenues this calendar year, most likely in the current June quarter itself, says JP Morgan. What is the strategy to stay ahead?Infosys has a long history of performance and we have consistently delivered value to all our stakeholders. We'll continue to focus on doing that.Q. Analysts says Infosys' management's ability to predict its performance has become less accurate in the face of poor visibility in the macro environment. Is that a concern for the management?The guidance is a statement of facts depending on how clients are expected to spend their budgets. In the current volatile environment, the visibility of client spending is getting blurred, which is expected.Q. No increment in salary might trigger heavy attrition, as your peers may not follow suit. It can hurt the company's ability to attract talent. Also, Infosys could miss out being able to hire when the demand environment improves, say observers. What are your comments?As long as we communicate clearly with our employees and explain the rationale of our decisions, we should be able to retain their trust.Q. You seem to be pinning all your hopes on Infosys 3.0. When will that deliver results?Our Building Tomorrow's Enterprise strategy is already finding good traction with our clients. Our recent wins with clients like Airtel , GSK, ING, to name a few, are early signs of the success of this strategy. The decisions are extremely client centric, with an aim to deliver value to all stakeholders eventually. These things take investment and time and we continue to aim for quality growth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12710945", "title": "ED files 14 cases in NRHM scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: The enforcement directorate (ED) on Tuesday filed 14 cases in connection with the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam being probed by the CBI. The ED action will spell fresh trouble for former Family welfare minister Babu Singh Kushwaha and former principal secretary (family welfare) Pradeep Shukla, apart from over 40 public servants, contractors, businessmen and politicians.The high point of the ED cases is that the agency would start the process of attaching the properties of the 11 accused who have so far been chargesheeted by the CBI till date. Similar action will follow as and when the CBI files chargesheets in any of the 14 cases. So, Kushwaha and Shukla may not face the ED action immediately as both of them are yet to be chargesheeted, but the involvement of the agency will definitely aggravate their woes in the long run.The first charge sheet against Kushwaha will have to be filed before June 1, 2012 which marks the end of the 90-day deadline after he was arrested on April March 3. The CBI is yet to file a charge sheet against Shukla who has not been arrested so far. The agency sources said filing of charge sheet does not necessarily require the arrest of any accused. This leaves the option open for the CBI to charge sheet the IAS whenever the agency is ready with evidence.The ED, during the preliminary inquiries into the CBI cases, is believed to have come across innovative ways in which some of the accused have stashed the swindled money in India and abroad. In some cases the money was invested in property and business within India through some business houses which were also involved in supply of pharmaceuticals and medical equipment. In the real estate business, investments have been traced to some new multi-star hotels in some select cities of India where foreign tourist inflow is high, sources in the ED said.The cases have been registered under sections of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act - 2002 (PMLA-2002) and Foreign Exchange Management Act - 1999 (FEMA-1999). The CBI has failed to trace the flow of loot in the scam in at least 6 of the 14 cases under probe. However, in the remaining 8 cases, the flow of illegally earned cash has shown almost a similar pattern involving investments in real estate. A foreign route has also been detected in the case.The Rs 5,700 crore plus scam took place during the Mayawati regime in which Central funds for upgrading medical facilities in the state, were siphoned off. The central government has so far sanctioned about Rs 10,000 crore to UP under the NRHM scheme. The CBI is probing the scam on the orders of the high court after three senior medical officers were killed. The three killings were believed to be linked to the scam.Those already chargesheeted by the CBI include former general manager of Construction &amp; Design Services (C&DS;) of UP Jal Nigam PK Jain, project manager BM Srivastava, resident engineers Katar Singh and BN Ram Yadav and accountant JK Singh. All except Srivastava, Yadav and JK Singh, have been arrested by the CBI and are in jail. Others who have been chargesheeted are Naveen Grover, the MD of Ghaziabad-based Surgicon Medi Equip Pvt Limited and RK Singh, the owner of Lucknow-based Modern Enterprises. Both have been arrested and are behind the bars.The CBI has also chargesheeted GK Batra, the MD of Uttar Pradesh Public Sector Undertaking, Shreeton India Limited, Virendra Goel, the owner of Axis Marketing and Neeraj Upadhyay, the owner of Radhey Shyam Enterprises. In a separate charge sheet, the agency has named former director-general of family welfare (UP) SP Ram, former UP Small Industries Corporation (UPSIC) MD Abhay Kumar Bajpai, area manager Sanjeev Kumar and owner of a private firm Saurabh Jain as accused. Though former minister Babu Singh Kushwaha and BSP MLA Ram Prasad Jaiswal have also been arrested for their alleged involvement in the scam, they were yet to be chargesheeted by the CBI.Meanwhile, the CBI is almost through with preparing the groundwork for the arrest of some of the remaining key accused in the case including BSP MLC Ram Chander Pradhan, his wife Anita Pradhan, former principal secretary (health) Pradeep Shukla, former director general, health &amp; family welfare, RR Bharti and at least three chief medical officers (CMOs) whose names are believed to have figured repeatedly in the CBI probe. Though Shukla has been named in at least three separate cases registered with the CBI, the agency is yet to lay its hands on him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "12710824", "title": "Bhagalpur reels under acute power crisis", "text": "BHAGALPUR: Protesting against the severe electricity crisis for over a month, the district unit of RJD locked the offices of the Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) here on Tuesday. The RJD activists also sat on dharna and observed daylong fast to highlight the problem.Earlier, the RJD activists, led by district president Chakrapani Himanshu, took out a rally in the city to voice their resentment against the BSEB officials as well as the state government. Supported by locals, they demanded reasonable hours of power supply as against 3-4 hours a day.The city has been reeling under acute power crisis since long. Sources said that against the demand of 60MW, only 20MW power was being supplied now on rotation basis. The problem aggravated since the second week of March last when the high-tension transmission wire near Ekchari, between Sabour grid and Kahalgaon, snapped. At that time, it was claimed by BSEB officials that it would be restored by April 10.However, the transmission line and power supply through it have not been restored yet. The power supply fell further to abysmal low as electricity is being diverted through Bhagalpur to Jamalpur, Jamui, Lakhisarai and other adjoining areas due to snag in Mokama transmission line near Hathidah last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12714232", "title": "Sonu Nigam sings for Kashmir", "text": "Sonu Nigam, who had performed for charity in troubled regions across the globe, has decided to hold a concert for the Kashmir Valley. The musical event scheduled for mid summers this year will be for the benefit of orphans and disabled kids in Srinagar.Though he was a little hesitant initially, Sonu later decided to perform in the troubled torn region. The arrangements are now in full swing.When contacted Sonu Nigam , who was in Perth for a concert, told Mirror, \"I actually was the first to perform in Karachi (you must have heard of the infamous bomb blast that we escaped by ten feet on 10th April 2004). Again, I was the first to perform in Kabul in 2005 at that notorious stadium where all the Taliban executions used to take place. And now, I will be performing in Kashmir.\"\"I basically do not preach, glorify or advocate anything. I don't want to since I believe it is not my business. All I believe in is Music. And all I am is because of my endeavours to spread my music as far as I can. I've been approached to perform in Kashmir and I've given them my approval as of now. My office is working on the other aspects and I'll be happy if the concert works out. It's for charity and we'll do our best to support the cause of the orphans and underprivileged,\" added the singer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12718567", "title": "Mamata Banerjee named among world's most influential people", "text": "NEW YORK: West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has been named among the 100 most influential people in the world by the prestigious Time magazine in its 2012 list which also includes US President Barack Obama , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and billionaire investor Warren Buffet .Apart from Banerjee, advocate Anjali Gopalan, who works for the rights of gays and the transgendered in India, is the only other Indian in the list released by the magazine today.The 2012 list is topped by American basketball sensation Jeremy Lin.In recent days, Banerjee's government has been criticised for choice of newspapers for state and state-aided libraries and a professor's arrest over circulation of a cartoon featuring the chief minister.Time said Banerjee, 57, spent years struggling on the margins but ultimately she proved to be the \"consummate politician.\"\"Though much of Indian society remains hidebound in patriarchy and tradition, strong women still prevail in the nation's political life. Mamata Banerjee rose to the fore last year when she and a movement she built from the grassroots wrested control of her home state of West Bengal, ending three and a half decades of sclerotic communist rule,\" Time said.Referred to by her supporters as 'Didi', Banerjee was labelled by critics as a \"mercurial oddball and a shrieking street fighter\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12711584", "title": "Drive to create awareness on rubber quality launched", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The Rubber Board's awareness campaign for quality improvement of sheet rubber will be launched at 11.30am on Wednesday at Mammen Mappillai Hall here.Automotive Tyre Manufacturers Association, All-India Rubber Industries Association and Indian Rubber Dealers Federation are jointly organizing the programme.Rubber Board chairman Sheela Thomas will launch the month-long campaign. The meetings will be held from May 8 to June 8, especially for the small growers in the traditional rubber-growing belt of Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka.More than 70% of the natural rubber produced in the country is processed into sheet rubber.Owing to the prevailing comfortable price situation, there is a tendency among small and marginal farmers to be lax in producing better quality sheet rubber.Most of the growers are unaware of the price difference between good quality sheet rubber and ungraded material.Tyres are now being transformed from cross-ply tyres to radial tyres.Even the presence of small amount of impurities affects the performance of radial tyres.The programme is being conducted to create awareness and provide training, a board official said.The mass contact programme is intended to create awareness among small growers about the need for quality improvement of their produce.The campaign is proposed to be organized with the active participation of Rubber Producers Societies, self-help groups, NGOs and other voluntary organizations.Topics like use of root trainer plants, soil moisture conservation, low frequency of tapping, etc will also be discussed in the campaign meetings, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12712966", "title": "iPads, not laptops, on mayor wish list for corporators", "text": "MUMBAI: For the first citizen of Mumbai, laptops are passe. He wants iPads for all 227 corporators. The mayor believes that the iPad would be more handy and useful for corporators as it has more features. On its part, the civic administration has assured that laptops would be given to the corporators but iPads may not be possible.\"The iPad is easier to handle and very convenient to carry. They have features which are much more advanced than laptops and hence, the BMC should provide iPads instead of laptops,\" said mayor Sunil Prabhu.The civic administration has been asked to look into the possibilities of providing the corporators with iPads rather than laptops. Aseem Gupta, additional municipal commissioner, said, \"The corporators will be given laptops with pre-loaded software that would help them in handling civic affairs. As of now, we are not providing iPads. We will look into the matter and see if it can be worked out.\"The last batch of corporators had received laptops from the civic administration. Interestingly, a month after the new civic body was formed and despite repeated reminders, 64 of the 227 corporators from the previous term are yet to return their official laptops to the BMC. The civic administration has now decided to add the cost of the laptop to the property tax of the defaulters.The BMC had given laptops to 227 corporators and some top officers at a cost of Rs 1.13 crore in 2009. The objective was to provide corporators online access to proposals coming up for discussion in various civic committees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12715678", "title": "Actress murder: Mum police arrives in city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: An eight-member team of the Mumbai police arrived in the city on Tuesday to collect evidence in connection with killing of Nepali actress Meenakshi Thapa. The team was accompanied by two accused, Amit Kumar Jaiswal and Preeti Elvina Surin, who allegedly killed Meenakshi.Mumbai police visited the spots where the accused had taken the slain actress. Mumbai police on Sunday had arrested Amit Kumar Jaiswal, a resident of Phaphamau, and Preeti Elvina Surin, a resident of Darbhanga colony, on the charges of killing Meenakshi.Police said the accused after taking the actress in Allahabad had kept her at Preeti's residence in Darbhanga colony and sought the help of Georgetown police help to search the house as well as collection of evidences.SSP Naveen Arora said Mumbai police sought their help to collect evidence in the city.Police said the two accused have confessed killing Meenakshi for money. They had brought her to the city from Mumbai on the pretext of offering a Bhojpuri movie. When Amit and Preeti learnt that Meenakshi's family did not have money to offer, they had a dispute with her and later killed her.Police sources said that a team of Mumbai police had visited Phaphamau in March to compile information on Amit Kumar Jaiswal. The police had learnt that Amit had done practice in court for some time. Later, he started a coaching institute in Mumfordganj and came in contact with Preeti Elvina. Gradually, the duo fell in love even though Amit was married.When Amit's wife objected to the relationship, he left the house. Therafter, Amit and Preeti Elvin went to Mumbai to try their luck in Bollywood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12710495", "title": "Villagers bust illegal dyeing unit", "text": "MADURAI: Local villagers near Dindigul on Tuesday, busted two illegal dyeing units that were polluting their drinking water source at Athoor Kamarajar dam, and have demanded that the government take steps to stop such units with immediate effect.Dindigul and its surrounding villages are dependent on this dam for their drinking water. The Kudaganaru river carries this water for a distance of about 45 km upto Vedasandur and nurtures the fields in its vicinity. But the land in the farms lining the river bank are used for many illegal purposes like operating dyeing units, as the owners rent out the land or lease it to make a quick buck.As dyeing units need a lot of water, the riverside is most favourable. The two units that were detected on Tuesday, were functioning on the land belonging to Rani who had leased it to Chinnadurai to cultivate fodder. He had in turn rented the land out to Senthil of Tirupur for operating the dyeing unit for a rent of Rs 1,000 per day. Some goatherds had informed the villagers that a few people were operating dyeing units which were hidden among trees and using generators to draw water in Mallaiyapuram near the Sadayandi temple. Similarly, the neighbouring land belonging to Asarammal was leased out by Pitchai of Suraikaipatti who in turn rented it out to mill owners from Tirupur.Villagers lodged a complaint with the Sempatti tahsildar said that the illegal activities were being carried out with the help of revenue officials who turned a blind eye and allowed them to function. The units had dyeing tubs and other machinery and the operators managed to escape before the villagers reached there.K Aswin Prabaharan, a member of the Athoor Farmers Association, said that about 3,000 acres of paddy, banana and coconut cultivation is dependent on this river and dam. Farmers also filed a complaint with the Sempatti police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12710541", "title": "'Civic projects are high on govt agenda'", "text": "NOIDA: Reassuring residents that the development of Noida and Greater Noida is of great importance to the new SP government, minister of state for protocol, Abhishek Mishra said that the government will tackle all infrastructure projects initiated in Noida on a priority basis.Speaking at a function to mark the 37th foundation day of the city, Mishra urged Noida Authority and residents to work together towards making Noida a world-class city. \"The city successfully hosted the first Formula One race in India and won accolades from all quarters. It must achieve the number one spot in terms of infrastructure development as well,\" Mishra said.\"Noida is the highest revenue earner for the state and contributed around 25 per cent of the state GDP last year. Hence, the residents as well as the authorities must realize that the development of the city is a matter of priority for the state government,\" he added.\"We must stress on all aspects that will make the city FIRST, viz., Finance, Infrastructure, Resources, Software, and Technology,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12711762", "title": "Theft complaint lodged at Margao, goods worth 2.54Lakh stolen", "text": "MARGAO: Arvind William Coutinho, a resident of Dongrim-Navelim, lodged a complaint with Margao police on Tuesday stating that on April 14, a man named Nicholas, who was employed by him as a servant, stole 4,000 from the cash counter of his hotel, Nilkamal bar and restaurant, besides stealing gold ornaments from his car which was parked in front of the hotel.Police sources said, the total worth of the stolen goods was estimated at 2,54,000.Margao police have booked an offence against the accused and investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12709694", "title": "E-meter installations cross 1,000 mark", "text": "MUMBAI: E-meter installations in Mumbai autos have crossed the 1,000 mark, and there is likely to be a huge rush for the electronic devices this week, RTO sources said.It has now become mandatory for auto drivers in Maharashtra to switch to e-meters during annual fitness tests. Auto unions had opposed the e-meters but their petition was dismissed by the Supreme Court last week, paving the way for the gadgets in at least two lakh autos in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai in the coming months.Deputy RTO (Wadala) Abhay Deshpande said, \"There is no option for auto drivers-install e-meters or face punishment. We are conducting surprise checks on mechanical meters, and drivers who skip fitness tests will be prosecuted.\"Another official said there could be teething problems but they could be sorted out. Assistant RTO (Andheri) Pramod Desai said, \"We have 13 meter-manufacturers and they are sufficient to cater to the rush of 200 to 400 autos at the RTOs per day. The e-meters are passenger-friendly and our department has received several congratulatory messages from citizens.\"Consumer rights activist Shirish Deshpande said he would meet chief minister Prithviraj Chavan over e-meters in autos being recalibrated on the metric scale. Meanwhile, the 198 drivers who participated in Monday's strike have been blacklisted, sent show-cause notices and told to appear at RTO offices on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12710547", "title": "Shiv Sena to keep away from polls", "text": "NASHIK: The Shiv Sena is planning to keep away from the elections for the post of standing committee chairman of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) scheduled for Wednesday. After the elections to the 16-member standing committee last week, the elections to the standing committee chairman's post are being held on Wednesday.In the 16-member standing committee, the MNS has five members, the BJP two, the Shiv Sena-RPI (A) alliance three, the Congress two, the NCP three and the independent group one member. Nine votes are required for chairmanship of the 16-member standing committee. The MNS-BJP alliance already has seven seats and requires two more votes. the MNS had supported the NCP in elections to the standing committee of the Thane Municipal Corporation (TMC).The NCP is most likely to support the MNS in the elections for the standing committee chairman's post. Hence, the MNS may easily win the elections. \"There is no point in contesting the elections to the standing committee chairman's post as it is clear that the NCP will support the MNS in the elections as the latter had supported the former in the TMC. Hence, we are planning to keep away from the standing committee elections,\" a senior Shiv Sena leader told TOI. -Tushar Pawar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "12710833", "title": "Nalanda has surplus stock of paddy", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: Progressive farmers of Nalanda district not only surpassed global records in the yields of paddy and potato and set new national record in the yield of wheat in the last cultivation cycle, catching the attention of the scientists from across the globe who are turning to the district for learning their methods of success, but the district has also achieved the rare distinction of surplus stock of paddy this year. This will not only feed the poor of the district, but sufficiently take care of the BPL beneficiaries of Nawada and Sheikhpura districts for 7-8 months.This was stated by Nalanda DM Sanjay Kumar Agarwal while felicitating Ravindra Kumar of village Sarilchak under Silao block area of the district who got 126 quintals of wheat per hectare surpassing the national record of 100 quintals of yield earlier set by a farmer in Araria district of the state, on behalf of chief minister Nitish Kumar on Monday. Speaking on the occasion, the DM said that Nalanda is among the three districts of the state which surpassed the target of rice procurement through PACS and the stock is sufficient for the PDS shops of the three districts almost for the whole year.The target of procuring rice through PACS was set at 1.25 lakh metric tonnes which went up to 1.35 lakh metric tones, so rice was not imported this year and the government has also been informed about this. A permission has also been sought for the supplying rice to the neighbouring districts, he said.He said that after several years, the farmers of the district had a bumper crop of rice as well of wheat which is a sign of far-sight of the farmers as they use the latest system of root intensification and use traditional bio-fertilizers, too.The crop of wheat in the district is also excellent this year and the target of procuring it through PACS is set at 90,000 quintals at RS.1285 per quintal which is also likely to be surpassed, Agarwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12710505", "title": "'Dak Ghar' plays on imagination of audience", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On the concluding day of Tagore Theatre Festival, play \"Dak Ghar\" was staged at Punjab Kala Bhawan in Sector 16, Chandigarh. The play based on a short story written by Rabindranath Tagore, was directed by Vijay Machal.This story revolves around Amal, a child confined to his adopted uncle's home due to an incurable disease on doctor's orders. He stands in the courtyard and talks to passersby and asks them about the places they go to. Seated beside his window he longs to join the world outside where children play in the street and others scurry about preoccupied with their daily routines. Greeting everyone who passes by his house from the local curd seller to the town watchman and the lovely flower girl Shudha, Amal with his touching curiosity teaches others life's simple but essential truths while awaiting his own spiritual liberation.The construction of a new post office nearby prompts the imaginative Amal to fantasize that the King would send him a letter stating that his royal physician would attend him. But by the time he comes, Amal falls asleep forever.On Monday, a play \"Jeevit aur Mrit\" directed by Ravinder Kumar was staged as part of the festival. The play talked about how an individual has to die several times to prove his existence. The story revolves around a widow Kadambini, who dies in order to prove to her family that she is alive. The play also talks about other aspects of widow's life in India, 100 years ago.In three days the audience got a glimpse into the Bengali culture, folk and traditions. The festival was organized by Mask Theatre in collaboration with Ministry of Culture, Government of India, New Delhi, and North Zone Cultural Centre, Patiala. The festival aims at commemorating 150th birth anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12711015", "title": "Besu expels erring students", "text": "KOLKATA: The Bengal Engineering and Science University (Besu) on Tuesday came down heavily on students who thrashed police personnel after engaging in a brawl at a liquor shop on April 12 night. Acting on a five-member disciplinary committee recommendations, the university rusticated Montu Prasad - a final-year mechanical engineering student - and expelled another two - Rahul Tiwari and Deepak Kumar - for two years.\"They will immediately vacate the hostel and will not be able to avail the hostel facilities when they return. Rahul and Deepak are fourth year Information Technology and Mechanical engineering students,\" said Besu vice-chancellor Ajay Kumar Ray.Six other students who had gone to stop the clash but got involved in the scuffle have been barred from taking the last three examinations in the final semester. \"These students will have to appear in the supplementary examinations. Guardians of these six students have already been summoned. They will have to give an undertaking and the students will have to vacate the hostels,\" Ray added. Parents of nine more students - who were identified by the committee - have also been summoned. \"They will give an undertaking and their wards will be barred from hostel,\" the vice-chancellor said.At midnight on April 12, three students went to a shack outside the campus to purchase liquor and got involved in a brawl with the locals. Montu, after being beaten up by them, called for assistance from his batchmates. The trio also called police for help. On arrival, police lathi-charged on the mob when the students started to retaliate and beat up the police. Six students were arrested and when the information reached the campus, more students attacked the police outpost where their friends were locked up.\"Immediately after receiving the information we tried to pacify the students and rushed to meet the injured police officers. We were extremely sorry to see their condition. At 2am on April 13, we constituted the five-member committee and asked them to submit a report. Their recommendations have been followed while meting out punishment to the students,\" said Ray.The vice-chancellor urged the state government to ensure that no liquor shops are given a license to open within a few kilometers of a education institution. \"All our security is in place. The students are not allowed to venture outside the university campus beyond 10pm. Yet such rare instances occur due to handful of students. We will not allow the reputation of the university to be maligned. Thus, strict punishment was necessary,\" the VC said on Tuesday.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12710805", "title": "HC upholds curb on bare-back poster", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Tuesday upheld the censoring of bare-back posters of Paoli Dam in the Vikram Bhatt film 'Hate Story', scheduled to be released on April 20. Justice Dipankar Dutta refused to stay the order issued by West Bengal Board of Censorship on Jalan Distributors, the film's distributor. The state censor board had served a notice on the distributor, asking it to display the controversial poster only after the actor's back was painted blue.Challenging the state censor board's order, Jalan Distributors moved the high court. Suddhasatva Banerjee and Shreya Ghosh, counsel for the petitioner, argued that since the central censor board had already issued an U/A certificate for the film, a state censor board has no right to interfere with display of the film's posters.It was argued that no other state in the country had imposed any restriction on display of the film's posters. It was only the West Bengal Censor Board that imposed such a restriction, hindering business from the film. The petitioner sought an order restraining the state censor board, the censor officer and its chairman from taking any steps vis-a-vis their March 28 notice. The petition also prayed for declaring the West Bengal (Compulsory) Censorship of Film Publicity Materials Act, 1974 unconstitutional.Appearing for the state censor board, advocate general Anindya Mitra opposed the petition. He said the state is not against screening of the film which has been certified by the central censor board. But it is against allowing the bare-back poster to be displayed all over the city as it would have a bad impact on children. So the state government had rightly imposed restriction on display of the poster and required that it be pasted only after the bare back had been painted blue.The petitioner's counsel then sought an order from the court allowing them to display the original poster in and around cinemas. The court said children would be visiting multiplexes to watch other films while the poster will be on display. This might pollute their minds.The counsel for the petitioner did not have a reply to this observation by the court.After hearing both sides, the court refused to stay the state censor board's order.However, the court observed that the petitioner could move an appeal before the appellate authority of the state censor board if they want to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12713898", "title": "One trackman dies, three hurt in train mishap", "text": "GUWAHATI: One person was killed and three others sustained serious injuries on Tuesday when they were hit by the Konlongpar Express at Thakurbari in Chandrapur area here.The deceased, identified as Radha Govinda Paul, and the injured were trackmen of the Jagiroad branch of Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR) and were working on the tracks on Tuesday morning when they were hit by the train. The injured are undergoing treatment at the Railway Hospital in Maligaon.\"The four trackmen were doing track maintenance work this morning when two trains passed by simultaneously and the Nagaon-bound Kolongpar Express hit them. One of the workers died on the spot and three others were injured,\" said S Hajong, chief PRO of NFR.When asked about the lack of security during railway track maintenance work, Hajong added, \"We don't block tracks for minor maintenance works. Today's incident is unfortunate.\"Railway police said, \"Witnesses said that the accident happened at around 11.45 am in the Thakurbari signal area.\" One of the injured is reported to be serious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12710829", "title": "Left blasts minister's marriage advisory", "text": "KOLKATA: State food minister and Mamata Banerjee's trusted lieutenant Jyotipriya Mullick's advisory not to marry members from families close to the CPM has drawn sharp reactions from the Left.Former tourism minister and CPM leader Manab Mukherjee described the minister's \"fatwa\" as the \"height of intolerance\". \"What should I say? Such comments go against the tolerance that has been the tradition of the argumentative Bengali society. Here people talk about politics, football and even films with friends, sitting in local tea stalls. They exchange their views, demolish arguments without malice. The minister now wants to stop this debate. And if this happens, tea stalls will get a prefix and become Trinamool tea stalls. Others will perish,\" Mukherjee said.The CPM leader fears that such an approach will have a negative impact on the social fabric. \"Trinamool Congress thrives on hatred, and its leaders want to spread their hatred for CPM among people. This is another name of political fundamentalism. It's painful to react to such comments,\" the former minister said.Mullick's comment has shocked other Left parties as well. \"This is a reflection of social decadence. Trinamool has groomed its activists like that. Taking a blind anti-CPM stance is the be all and end all of Trinamool politics. The minister has only tried to spread the feeling among the party's support base. The Trinamool chief has been inculcating this feeling since long. Such a comment from the minister is not even fit to be condemned. The best way is to ignore such comments,\" says RSP leader Manoj Bhattacharya.Theatre personality Kaushik Sen is annoyed with the arrogance of the minister and also the silence of a section of the civil society that had once come together to bring about poribartan. \"I must say that political polarization is an import of the CPM in Bengal politics. The present government is continuing with it. What annoys me more than the minister's statement is the silence of a section of intellectuals who have stopped raising their voice of protest,\" said Sen.Rebel Trinamool Congress MP Kabir Suman has penned a song - 'Singur Theke Nonadanga' (from Singur to Nonadanga) - that depicts how a party that fought against eviction of small farmers from Singur took a U-turn after it came to power. How the Mamata Banerjee government used police to evict settlers from Nonadanga without offering any rehabilitation.\"The way the police attacked a peaceful rally, the way the police minister (Mamata Banerjee) stopped holding a peaceful demonstration and arrested the agitators, makes me realize that her Ma-Mati-Manush is under siege,\" said the rebel MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12710917", "title": "Barriers in Hazratganj to be extended", "text": "LUCKNOW: Following chaotic traffic after the no-right turn pilot project was implemented on Monday, DIG Ashutosh Pandey on Tuesday said that the barriers put in place would further be extended till a considerable distance so that commuters are stopped taking U-turn indiscriminately.Besides, to make permanent arrangement as well as to ensure that the beauty of Hazratganj doesn't get affected, nailed plastic marker would be put in place to divide the road from Hazratganj Crossing till Mayfair tri-section.While speaking at a meeting convened at LDA to chalk out strategy to streamline strategy, the DIG said that the no-right turn barrier was made on the temporary basis. The meeting was attended by LDA vice-chairman Rajeev Agrawal, municipal commissioner NP Singh, district magistrate Anurag Yadav among others.The DIG further said that the assessment of the temporary arrangement will be done and then a future strategy would be chalked out. Authorities have also agreed to widen the left turns from Hazratganj towards Coffee House, from Capital towards Hazratganj, from Cathedral towards Shahnajaf Road, from Mayfair towards Basant Cinema Road, from Basant Cinema Road towards Titan showroom, from Shahnajaf Road towards Sahu Cinema.This will help ensure proper left turn lane for the commuters which will then be divided from straight road also through barriers like nailed marker etc. The work will be done on priority basis so that traffic in Hazratganj is not affected. This is part of the go-left strategy to be put in all of the Hazratganj soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12711920", "title": "Panel takes stock of water situation in Amravati", "text": "AMRAVATI: A central committee toured five districts of Amravati division on Sunday to take stock of water situation in this summer. Deputy counsellor of drinking water and sanitation RJ Datta Choudhary and additional secretary of central rural development department Sunita Dhawle reviewed the overall water scenario, availability of the fodder and steps taken by administration to tide over water scarcity.The panel later held a meeting with high-level officials including Amravati divisional commissioner Ganesh Thakur, Amravati collector Rahul Mahiwal, additional CEO of zilla parishad MK Ahmed and others.The committee sought information from officials about the measures taken by district administration to tackle water problem in 1,981 and 747 villages in Amravati and Buldhana respectively. Thakur informed the panel that administration suggested 442 measures in the Rs 4.21 crore draft plan for 398 villages in Amravati district while for 289 villages in Buldhana district, 320 measures were suggested in Rs 2.29 crore plan drafted by Buldhana administration.The officials were informed about the grim situation in Amravati and Buldhana. There is 34.06% storage in the major water projects in Amravati district while medium projects are 54.84% full and small projects 20.99%. Situation is Buldhana is all the more miserable with major projects filled up to just 8.8%, medium projects 7.8% and small projects 3%. Amravati collector Mahiwal sought more funds to implement various schemes.The committee members left for Buldhana on Monday evening and undertook another tour of some villages in the district on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12711477", "title": "Protect our heritage sites, purists tell Parrikar government", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa heritage action group (GHAG) has set a 16-point agenda for the Parrikar government to initiate efforts to protect the state's man-made and natural heritage through conservation and enforcement of the law.In a memorandum submitted recently to chief minister Manohar Parrikar , the NGO has urged the government to revive the heritage house scheme, which was mooted during the tenure of Mathany Saldanha as tourism minister. \"Many heritage house owners are eagerly awaiting the scheme,\" the GHAG stated.The NGO alleged a largescale destruction of natural and built heritage due to the lack or enforcement of existing heritage regulations. \"Hills are being cut, trees are being felled by builders. Historical monuments are being demolished all over Goa. Due to rampant constructions, the world heritage site of Old Goa is under grave threat,\" the memorandum stated.Panaji has to developed as world class cultural city with its picturesque ambience on the Mandovi river banks. \"With its quaint traditional quarter of Mala-Fontainhas, heritage buildings like Adil Shah palace, the Old GMC, Kala Academy and many more, Panaji has the right potential,\" the GHAG stated.The NGO listed a few heritage assets, such as the Miguel Caetano Dias heritage statue and the garden opposite the GPO in Panaji, among others for protection. The historic port of Gopakapattan needs to be studied, listed and revitalized. The wetlands of Carambolim, Santa Cruz , and Nerul, Pilar and Bondvol lakes need to be listed as important bird areas under natural heritage and buffers identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12714148", "title": "Guard held for bid to loot money from ATM", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal police on Tuesday arrested a man for attempting to loot money from an ATM installed on a private engineering college campus on Raisen road, where he is employed as a security guard.The police said accused Kundanlal Yadav, 35, is a security guard at the Oriental Institute of Science and Technology (OIST), Bhopal.\"Kundanlal Yadav, 35, has been identified as an accused who attempted to loot the ATM of Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC). The bank manager, Pawan Kumar Jain, had lodged complaint in this regard on April 14,\" said SP Abhay Singh.The accused had allegedly damaged the ATM with an iron rod to loot money.The police said the accused covered the CCTV installed at the ATM with a piece of paper but was not able to loot the money from the machine. He was arrested on the basis of his image recorded while he was covering the CCTV.Subsequently, the officials rounded up the accused reportedly admitted to damaging the machine. The police said accused has a family to look after and he needed money. However, he has no criminal record, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12715217", "title": "Udayanidhi alleges partiality", "text": "Udayanidhi Stalin is perturbed that his film Oru Kal Oru Kannadi has not been given the much needed entertainment tax exemption. OK OK incidentally marked this producer's debut as hero in Kollywood.In a press statement, Udayanidhi said that his film has been certified U and has a Tamil title but still it was not exempted from the entertainment tax. The producer-actor said that while some films released in the recent past, which had songs with English words mixed and extremely violent scenes, were given tax sops it is unfair to deny the same for OK OK.He pointed out that this is not a loss only for him but to all the distributors and exhibitors involved with OK OK.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12710573", "title": "'Explain conversion of Economically Weaker Section seats to general ones'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The UT education department has finally woken up to the Independent Schools Association's (ISA) decision to convert the vacant economically weaker section (EWS) seats to general ones. Most schools are already in the process of doing so. The UT education department has now written to these schools asking them for a explanation on the matter. Also the department has asked them to provide information regarding all the seats which remained vacant after March 27 this year.The department officials have stated that in case the schools fail to provide all the information asked for in the mail sent to them by Wednesday, they will issue those schools show cause notice.DPI Sandeep Hans said, \"We have sent an email to all the schools, telling them that they cannot convert the seats without discussing it with the department. We have asked the schools to provide us with information about the seats that have been left vacant. We will take strict action if they fail to provide the information.\"Last week, after the Supreme Court's verdict on the Right to Education (RTE) Act, various private schools under the Independent Schools Association informed the department about the conversion of seats stating that the implementation of the RTE Act was \"prospective and not retrospective,\" therefore they would implement it from 2013. The Supreme Court in its recent judgment had directed all private schools (excluding unaided minority schools) to reserve 25% of their seats for children from economically weaker sections of society as per the RTE Act.ISA president H S Mamik said, \"It is not only us who have to implement RTE, even the education department needs to fulfill the criteria. We have waited for months for the reimbursement issue to be resolved, and for the child mapping survey etc. We can't keep running without being paid for the children we are teaching under RTE Act. Therefore, we have converted the seats into general category seats and have informed the department.\"He also mentioned that the education department has failed to give these schools recognition in last six months and as these schools have not been recognized, the department cannot force them to implement RTE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12714302", "title": "Unesco rejects Majuli dossier, ASI to work on it", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Archeological Survey of India (ASI) is going to submit a fresh dossier on the river island of Majuli to the Centre by May after the World Heritage Centre, Paris, assessed the nomination dossier which was sent earlier and pointed out that it was incomplete.The Centre, which has been proposing the name of Majuli for inclusion in the 'Cultural Landscape' category of Unesco's World Heritage list since 2006, will go through the new dossier and is likely to send it to Unesco in September.On Tuesday, a delegation comprising state water resources minister Rajiv Lochan Pegu and officials of the ASI, the Brahmaputra Board, the Jorhat district commissioner and conservation architect Suryanarayan Murthy, met Governor J B Patnaik and discussed the matter. \"The ASI will send the improved dossier by May 31 to Delhi,\" said the governor after the discussion.Pegu said that the river island has been a victim of erosion and the Centre's urgent intervention in re-strengthening the Brahamaputra Board is a must to protect Majuli. \"We have decided that the water resources department will take over the northern banks of the Majuli and the southern will be taken care of by the Brahmaputra Board. The Centre must take positive steps to rebuild the board, which is suffering from major manpower crisis,\" said Pegu.The minister also said that the state government is busy chalking out an action plan to divert the river channels of the island to extend the riverine areas. \"If all goes according to plan, Majuli will gain at least 20 sq km by 2013,\" he added.On the other hand, the Majuli Island Protection and Development Council expressed its concern over the dossier's contents. \"Unesco has rejected the previous dossier. There is a huge scope for improvement. The fresh report must incorporate the details necessary for Majuli to gain the World Heritage Site status,\" said Arun Sarma, chairman of the council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12714899", "title": "MC calls off anti-encroachment drive", "text": "LUDHIANA: Chock-a-block roads, with encroachments holding up most of the traffic, have failed to prod the municipal corporation into action. Apparently \"fearing resistance from defaulters and under political pressure\", the civic body once again called off its anti-encroachment drive on Tuesday.The drive was to start from Chawni Mohalla, from where 17 illegal structures had to be removed. This was the third time in one-and-a-half years that the campaign was cancelled \"under pressure\".Though the Punjab and Haryana high court had directed the MC in January to remove encroachments from highways and slip roads and submit a status report on April 30, it has till now removed none. Around 8am, police force and the required machinery were called at the MC's A zone office, but they did not reach the spot, as the officers decided against it.While the officers claimed that the drive could not be conducted because of shortage of police force and inclement weather, sources said the MC postponed it under pressure.The anti-encroachment drives have always remained a cause of concern for the civic body. Despite serving notices on defaulters twice and forming committees of municipal town planners, senior town planners and zonal commissioners, it has failed to act. Notices were served zone wise; 608 notices were served in zone A, 1,133 inzone B, 1,037 in zone C and 447 in zone D.The assistant town planner of zone A, Harpreet Ghai, said, \"The drive was cancelled because we could not get proper police force. The cops were busy due to the visit of Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal to Jalandhar. Besides, the weather was also not fine.\" He refused to comment when asked about resistance from defaulters.Over 4 years have passed since the HC directed the MC to rid the city of illegal structures, but these continue to mushroom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12708870", "title": "Aakash tablet: After six months only 366 reach students", "text": "NEW DELHI: For all the fanfare that accompanied the launch of the Aakash tablet , only 366 units of the tablet have reached students. The units were given to students at the time of the launch on October 5 so that they could test them and provide their feedback. The information may not be widely known but it has been in the public domain since March 14 when minister for human resource development Kapil Sibal replied to a question about the Aakash project in Lok Sabha.These 366 tablets are part of 650 units that IIT Rajasthan had accepted from the lot of 6,440 tablets that were supplied to it by Datawind. According to Sibal's statement in Parliament, IIT-Rajasthan \"rejected rest of the lots as the number of defective LCADs (Aakash tablets) in those lots exceeded the stipulated 5% of devices\".In reply to a question if there was any criteria based on which distribution was made, Sibal said the tablets were just for the testing. \"The first phase of 1,00,000 tablets were targeted to the students in higher technical education institutions so as to further ascertain technical feedback on its operation and usability,\" he said. \"Since these LCADs were for the purpose of testing, no norms for distribution of LCADs to students were laid down.\" The minister also informed Parliament that Datawind has now been asked to supply better tablets at the same price.\"Datawind is still to supply 1,00,000 LCADs of higher specifications at the same price. These higher specifications (which include 700 MHz Cortex A8 processor, 3200 mAH Battery and capacitive touch screen) have been necessitated to overcome the initial difficulties observed in the devices,\" he said.The minister was also asked what the government was doing to recover the money back. \"No payment has yet been made by IIT-Rajasthan to the vendor (Datawind), and hence, the question of getting back the money does not arise,\" he said. A few weeks earlier, Datawind CEO had told TOI that his firm would start supplying the new tablets this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12711516", "title": "Cop sacked for smashing Gandhi statue\u2019s head in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: A Manipur policeman was sacked after he admitted to having destroyed the head of a Mahatma Gandhi statue in Ukhrul town along with three others.Hkhrul SP K Kabib said the four were arrested from Imphal East district on Monday night and they have admitted to having committed the crime under the influence of alcohol.Kabib said three police teams were deployed to nab the culprits after the statue erected at Gandhi Chowk, close to Ukhrul town hall, was found destroyed on Sunday. The police had launched a massive manhunt to arrest those responsible for the vandalism.Later, a court remanded the four in 11-day police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12718360", "title": "Anirudh Ravichander is the shining star of music", "text": "It is rare that one sees a success so great, a song so touching and music so simple, yet refreshing as is the song Kolaveri. The product of a young and buoyant composer, the song has sweeped across the globe to break all records.Shining in the sky this month is none other than 21-year-old music composer, Anirudh Ravichander, whose debut song went viral on YouTube and tracked more than 50 million views much before the film 3 was released.Looks like Anirudh always loved music and composing music is his passion. His dream was to make music his career and become a musician. In his school days, Anirudh had entered a TV show that was judged by A R Rahman. Anirudh was in the fusion band that won the competition. Anirudh's biggest moment was when he was awarded the Best Instrumentalist, a prize he received from his idol, the great Rahman himself. Till date, he says that it was the best moment of his life. That day a star was born, and the name was Anirudh.The young man set forth on the path of music, beginning his journey towards transforming his dream into reality. He learnt classical piano from Trinity College of Music, London and completed done eight grades of piano training. He learnt Carnatic music too and participated in the Carnatic fusion band. He composed songs for short films for his cousin Aishwarya Rajinikanth and it was no surprise when she asked him to compose music for her first film 3 . Aishwarya would have been really impressed, seen his budding talent and nominated him for her debut film as a director.And Anirudh has not let her down! The popularity of the song Kolaveri speaks for itself and its single-track success justifies Anirudh's talent. In the film 3 , Dhanush has written the lyrics for six songs. But Kolaveri song was born in just 10 minutes. Reports say that composing the lyrics and music for Kolaveri was effortless and casual. Dhanush filled in the words and Anirudh showcased his music genius. Together they produced a whopping number that received salutes from legends like Amitabh Bachchan too.Though 3 has not crashed box office records as it was expected to, the Kolaveri song is still on everyone's lips, especially among the love-struck population. It's not only Kolaveri, all the songs in 3 have become a superhit, especially, the songs Po nee Po, Kann Azhaga, Idhazhin Oram are being aired continuously on all satellite channels and FMs.The movie has excellent background score by Anirudh carrying the feel of the movie throughout. Anirudh says that he follows an emotion-centric style and concentrates on composing emotions in his music. Sitting around and composing tunes is something he cannot do. On the contrary, he believes that certain songs just happen. He likes to dole out simple, soulful numbers that touch the heart.Anirudh dreams to work with Black Eyed Peas music band one day. Right now Anirudh's second album is Dhanush's Sachin Anthem. Recently released on Youtube, the album was sponsored by Boost, the energy drink company that Sachin has been advertising for years. Written in the same style as Kolaveri, the song is a mixture of English and Tamil. This one too is written and sung by Dhanush and is said to have received more than 19 lakh views till date.Son of Ravi Raghavendra and Lakshmi, Anirudh is the nephew of Lata and Rajinikanth. A product of PSBB school, Anirudh graduated from Loyola College 2011. A proper Chennaite who lives in the hearts of all music lovers, Anirudh has etched his path out and all set to make a great name in the field of music.We are waiting for more Kollaveris soon, Anirudh! Best of Luck!!!!Source: www.cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12710513", "title": "Adarsh land is govt\u2019s, finds judicial panel", "text": "MUMBAI: A two-member judicial commission said in its interim report on Tuesday that land on which the Adarsh Cooperative Housing Society stood belonged to the state government.The commission comprising Justice (retd) J A Patil and former state chief secretary P Subrahmanyam, ruled the ministry of defence did not produce any credible evidence to establish its ownership. It also ruled the land or membership to society was not reserved for housing defence personnel or Kargil war heroes.It said the land was in the possession of local military authorities between 1996 and 2004 and the defence ministry couldn't provide evidence to prove possession prior to 1996. Contrary to the ministry's claim that the land existed since August 25, 1821 and had been in its possession for over 100 years, the commission said there was no evidence to show it was occupied by anybody before August 15, 1967.The local army unit of Maharashtra, Gujarat and Goa is expected to file a land title suit soon, saying the Adarsh land has been in their possession for decades. \"The judicial commission's report is not the final say and can't conclusively prove title of the Adarsh land, either in favour of the state or the army,'' said advocate Aniket Nikam, counsel for the defence ministry.Even as government officers were patting themselves on the back, senior advocate Dipan Merchant, counsel for the commission, said, \"There is no question of a clean chit to anyone.\"The Congress-NCP government reportedly intends to move court against the necessity for a CBI probe but a CBI officer said, \"The commission was set up to find out the land ownership, which is not our mandate. Our mandate is to investigate whether there was criminal conspiracy in the way land was allotted to the Adarsh society.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12711820", "title": "Panchayat polls: Filing of nominations begins on Apr 23", "text": "PANAJI: The State Election Commission (SEC) on Tuesday announced the schedule for elections to 185 panchayats to be held on May 16 to elect 1,483 members. The election process will begin with the filing of nominations from April 23 and counting will be held on May 17 and May 18.SEC commissioner M Modassir said, \"Nominations will begin on April 23. The last day of nomination is on April 30. The scrutiny will be done on May 1 and 2. May 3 has been kept for withdrawal and symbols will be allotted on May 4.\"SEC has also appointed mamlatdars and joint mamlatdars as returning officers for the panchayat elections. Modassir said that a 7 lakh electorate will cast their votes on May 16. In the last panchayat elections, SEC had received 7,500 nominations out of which 5,650 candidates contested for 1,483 wards.The directorate of panchayats has also issued a notification to reserve wards for women and the scheduled tribe community. The directorate of panchayats on Monday notified the election date for the panchayat polls. Elections to Taleigao, Alorna, Chandel-Hassapur and Casarvarnem village panchayats will be held later since their respective terms has not yet ended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12711620", "title": "Lightning stir by Head-load workers' strike affects cement unloading at Cochin Port", "text": "KOCHI: Defying the diktats of trade union leaders, a section of head-load workers launched a lightning strike at the Cochin Port on Monday. The strike has crippled cement unloading operations at the Cochin Port.Efforts of the local office of Kerala Head-load Workers Welfare Board (KHWWB) to resolve this issue failed on Tuesday. The managements of the cement company and their customs agents' firm insisted that they would take part in talks only after the workers called off their 'illegal stir'.Kinship Services India Private Limited director M Prabhakaran told TOI that nearly 15,000 tonne of cement is held up at the warehouse because of the stir. A vessel carrying 14,000 tonne of cement is likely to reach Cochin Port on Thursday. The company is engaged as the customs agents for Ambuja cements.The workers launched the agitation demanding hike in wages. Leaders of the Cochin Thuramukha Thozhilali Union (CTTU) which controls 50% of the head-load workers in the cement unloading section said they did not initiate this strike. \"We are against any strike without proper notice,\" said CTTU leader V H Shihabuddin. Chairman of KHWWB K P Haridas said workers should not have launched this strike when talks were on to resolve their demand for wage revisions.Cochin Port Trust traffic manager C Unnikrishnan Nair said even though the strike was launched outside the port's activity area, he had written to the trade unions and the government to take steps to resolve the issue.Prabhakaran said employees are demanding 200% increase in their wages even though the cement plant is extensively automated and involves only limited physical labour. \"We have agreed for a 25% hike, but the workers are adamant,\" he said.Kochi: Defying the diktats of even the trade union leaders, a section of the head-load workers has launched a lightning strike at the Cochin Port.The strike has crippled cement unloading operations at the Cochin Port since Monday. Efforts of the local office of Kerala Head-load Workers Welfare Board (KHWWB) to hold talks to resolve the issue failed to take-off on Tuesday. The managements of the cement company and their customs agents' firm insisted that they would take part in the talks only after the workers called off their illegal stir''.M Prabhakaran, director of the Kinship Services India Private Limited which is engaged as the customs agents for Ambuja Cements told TOI here nearly 15,000 tonnes of cement is held up at the warehouse because of the stir. A vessel carrying 14,000 tonnes of cement is likely to reach Cochin Port on Thursday.The workers have launched the agitation demanding hike in wages.Leaders of the Cochin Thuramukha Thozhilali Union (CTTU) which controls 50 per cent of the head-load workers in the cement unloading section said they had not given any call for strike. We are against any strike without giving proper notice,'' V H Shihabuddin leader of the CTTU said.K P Haridas Chairman of the KHWWB said the workers should not have gone on strike when talks were on to resolve their demand for wage revisions.The Cochin Port Trust Traffic Manager C Unnikrishnan Nair said even though the strike had been launched outside the port's activity area he had written to the trade unions as well as to the government to take steps to resolve the issue.Prabhakaran said the employees are demanding 200 per cent increase in their wages even though the cement plant is extensively automated and involves only limited physical labour. We have agreed for 25 per cent increase, but the workers are adamant,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12718265", "title": "MakeMyTrip launches new service", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nasdaq-listed travel services provider MakeMytrip said it is looking to acquire companies within the travel segment to strengthen its product portfolio.The travel firm that picked stake in three companies last year said it is on the lookout for \"new teams and to partner with new people to enhance\" its product offerings. \"We will look out for good teams across segments within travel and related technology areas,\" MakeMyTrip Co-Founder and COO Keyur Joshi told PTI.When asked if the company was likely to make any announcement soon he said \"hopefully\" but did not share details.In August last year, the firm along with SAIF Partners had bought 76.6 per cent stake for USD 18.5 million in Le Travenues Technology, which operates online travel search engine www.ixigo.com.Earlier in May 2011, the company had also acquired 79 per cent equity stake in Singapore-based Luxury Tours &amp; Travel Pte Ltd for USD 3 million.It had also picked 29 per cent stake in Delhi-based My Guest House Accommodations (MGH) for around USD one million.As part of widening its services, the company today launched a new social networking application 'Tripalong' that integrates a user's travel itinerary with his/her social networking platforms like Facebook and LinkedIn.\"To begin with users can share their air travel plans with their friends on the social networking sites and plan to meet up with those who may be on the same flight,\" MakeMyTrip Marketing Head Manish Kalra said.The new service, which has been developed in partnership with Bangalore-based TenTenTen Digital Products Pvt Ltd, will be used to understand consumer behaviour.\"Going ahead we will explore revenue sourcing models, such as advertising and add new features to the service,\" Joshi added.Headquartered in Gurgaon, MakeMyTrip did sales of Rs 3,500 crore in the financial year ended March 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12710848", "title": "Put Ranga Rao in jail: Emaar counsel", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Emaar case took an interesting turn on Tuesday with the counsel for Vijay Raghav, former financial controller of Emaar-MGF, arguing that Ranga Rao, the approver in the case be put behind bars till the trial in the case is over.Counsel Diljit Singh Ahluwalia said that under section 306(4)(b) of the CrPC, 'every person accepting a tender of pardon shall unless he is already on bail , be detained in custody until the termination of the trial'.Ahluwalia was arguing in the CBI special court of Nagamaruti Sharma. The counsel also argued that granting pardon to Ranga Rao was not proper and asserted that the process of doing so cannot be mechanical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12711743", "title": "Punjab, Centre to reply on DGP appointment", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday put the Punjab home department and Union ministry of home affairs (MHA) on notice, seeking their replies on appointment of Sumedh Singh Saini as the state director general of police (DGP).The division bench comprising Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi and Justice Mahesh Grover issued the notice after taking cognizance of a petition filed by an NGO, Voice for Freedom, seeking removal of Saini as DGP on the grounds that he was facing criminal charges in a CBI court in Delhi.The high court has also issued notices to Saini and CBI.When the matter came up for hearing on Tuesday, Punjab additional advocate general Rupinder Singh Khosla placed before the court a write-up on the antecedents and activities of the public interest litigation (PIL) petitioner and also stated that the website of an international news wire agency reveals that the said organization was providing a platform to terrorist organizations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12714498", "title": "Free ride home for new moms in Assam's 27 districts", "text": "GUWAHATI: The 'Adarani' project, launched recently by the state health department in collaboration with the NRHM, is turning out to be a grand success. The project, aimed at promoting institutional deliveries in the state, was launched under the banner of GVK EMRI, which provides the 108 ambulance service, under the Janani Sishu Suraksha Karyakram (JSSK) scheme.The 'Adarani' project offers vehicle drops to patients who have had deliveries in hospitalS after they are discharged. A patient just needs to dial the number 2236869 to avail this service. The project, which was launched on January 30, initially covered only three districts, namely Kamrup, Morigaon and Goalpara and employed only 15 vehicles. But within two months, around 100 vehicles are operating in 27 districts under 'Adarani'.Chandan Dutta of GVK EMRI said, \"Assam is the first state to offer such a facility of free drops to patients to their homes after availing post-delivery care at various government hospitals.\"The service is totally free of cost and at certain hospitals where the volume of deliveries is high, some other services are also being provided. \"For example, Guwahati Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) has around 35 to 40 delivery cases per day, and overall delivery and discharge cases in all the government hospitals are around 800 to 1,000. So, depending on the number of cases, these services are being provided,\" Dutta said.It was also said that the services can be availed only in the morning hours and are available all 365 days. \"Initially, a distance of around 1-10 km was covered by the service, but now the distance has been increased to up to 20 km. The movement of the vehicle is monitored by the special emergency response centre and if someone can't get through the helpline number, they can dial 108 to avail the service,\" Dutta added.Since the vehicles are only meant for dropping the patient back home after their discharge, they are not equipped with any special facilities. \"The drop service is only meant to promote institutional deliveries in the state. We don't provide drops to patients who've had stillborn deliveries, as there is a chance of infections in such cases and we are highly conscious about hygiene,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12713001", "title": "Education officers, school heads brainstorm on RTE", "text": "MUMBAI: In an informal meeting between principals of various schools and senior officials of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA), principals have been asked for their suggestions on how to effectively implement the various provisions of the Right to Education (RTE) Act.Held at the Maharashtra Prathmik Shikshan Parishad office in Charni Road, the purpose for holding the meeting was to accurately discuss the clauses under the Act before notifying the model rules to all schools in the state.\"Many school principals shared their queries with us at the meeting. Many were sceptical about the implementation of certain clauses of the Act, so we have now asked them for their suggestions on the same,\" said Sanjay Deshmukh, director, SSA.Over 25 school principals from various boards attended the meeting on Tuesday and one of the topics that bothered most was the effective implementation of the clause that makes it mandatory for every school to admit 25% students from the economically weaker sections.\"Any new rule will be difficult to work around in the beginning but we are trying our best to make this process as problem-free as possible. Principals obviously will have a better idea of the kind of problems that we need to be aware of once the rule is implemented,\" said Nandan Nangre, joint director of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan.Other problems discussed at the meeting ranged from the setting up of the School Management Committees to the 'no detention ' and 'no examination ' rules under RTE. While most schools have already started evaluating students on the basis of Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE), SSA officers made it very clear that students should not be promoted to the next grade without a proper assessment.\"It is the teacher's responsibility to ensure that the child understands the curriculum well. We are also looking at forming a constant supervision team to assess these features,\" pointed out Nangre.Principals also discussed the use of technology in classrooms.\"The discussion was very helpful as we shared our problems and ideas with principals from various boards, including International Baccalaureate. We will now get in touch with other school principals to come up with suggestions and submit it to the authorities within a week,\" said Najma Kazi, principal of Anjuman-I-Islam's Saif Tyabji Girls' High School in Byculla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12709741", "title": "IndiGo withdraws from travel portal makemytrip, Jet Airways limits inventory", "text": "MUMBAI: IndiGo on Monday withdrew and Jet Airways limited its inventory on major travel portal makemytrip.com.Jet Airways blamed 'commercial reasons' for the move, but IndiGo issued a statement saying the move was prompted by 'arbitrary display of fares and opaque pricing'. Jet and IndiGo were not part of the 'opaque fare' schemes the portal offered. The schemes were stopped late in March after the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) cited them as a violation of rules.In a statement issued on Tuesday, IndiGo said, \"IndiGo has withdrawn all content from Make My Trip. The arbitrary display of fares and 'opaque pricing' is anti-consumer and in violation of DGCA norms and directives. We have raised this issue on several occasions, but, unfortunately, there has been no resolution. We were therefore, left with no choice. IndiGo can't be seen supporting a blatant violation of the law and something that is apparently anti-consumer.\" A Jet Airways spokesperson said the airline had not pulled out its inventory from the portal but 'limited the inventory available to them for sale'.Officials familiar with the issue said many carriers felt that the portal was favouring a cash-strapped private carrier in its schemes. \"The ailing carrier's fares appear right on top with most other airlines placed way below,\" an official said. While all other carriers had participated in the 'opaque fare' scheme, only Jet Airways and IndiGo had kept away from it.Director general, DGCA, E K Bharat Bhushan said that no 'opaque fare' are on offer now. \"We had checked it out four days ago and found that 'opaque fares' were not offered by any portal. No airline is part of it,\" Bhushan said. Keyur Joshi, COO of makemytrip.com, did not respond to repeated calls made by TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12710551", "title": "Murtadak front-runner for post", "text": "NASHIK: Amongst the six candidates who have submitted their nominations for the post of chairman of the NMC's standing committee, Ashok Murtadak of the MNS is most likely to be elected to the post. MNS leaders have expressed confidence that the party will bag the post and Murtadak is being considered as the most eligible candidate. Senior leaders of the MNS have hinted that one of the two MNS nominees may be asked to withdraw their forms and that Murtadak has maximum chances to be elected.The BJP has not fielded a candidate for the post and the Shiv Sena has decided to stay away from the election. Till late evening on Tuesday, the NCP was still to take a decision about its participation in the polls.Murtadak, who has good experience about the functioning of the NMC, stands the maximum chances of getting the reins of the financial powerhouse of the municipal corporation. -Sumita Sarkar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12713042", "title": "Adarsh: Army had possession but state owned land", "text": "The first round in the battle for the plot on which the controversial Adarsh Cooperative Housing society stands has gone the way of the state government and Adarsh housing society, as a two-member judicial commission declined the defence ministry's ownership claim on the land.The commission, comprising Justice (retd) J A Patil and former state chief secretary P Subrahmanyam, ruled that the land belongs to the state government and said the MOD did not produce any credible evidence to establish its claim. On the basis of terms and conditions mentioned in the letter of intent (January 1, 2003), and letter of allotment (July 9, 2004) to Adarsh and arguments by all sides, the commission also ruled the land or membership to society was not reserved for housing defence personnel or Kargil war heroes.A 107-page interim report of the commission, appointed on January 8 last year to inquire into 13 terms of reference related to the society, was placed by the government before the state legislature on Tuesday. The government also submitted an actiontaken report, indicating it accepted the report. The commission insisted the report is its final version on land ownership and whether the land or membership of the society was reserved for housing defence personnel or Kargil war heroes.In a major boost to the government and three former CMs - Vilasrao Deshmukh , Sushilkumar Shinde and Ashok Chavan - whose role in allotment of land and memberships to the society is under scanner, the commission said the government was able to produce sufficient evidence to claim the land belonged to it.The issue of ownership of the land is key to the entire controversy.In some solace to the defence ministry, the commission ruled the land was in the possession of local military authorities between 1996 and 2004. However, it ruled the MOD couldn't provide evidence to prove possession prior to 1996. It said there was nothing on record to suggest the MOD was dispossessed forcibly by either the state or the society from occupation of the land, blaming military authorities for \"relinquishing\" the garden.Against a defence ministry claim that the land was in existence since August 25, 1821 and had been in possession for over 100 years, the commission said there was no evidence to show it was occupied before August 15, 1967. It questioned the absence of any entry in the Military Land Register maintained by the defence estate office and inaction by military authorities in asserting their alleged right on the land till the controversy erupted in 2010.WHAT TURNED IT IN THE STATE'S FAVOUR?MOD could not submit credible evidence to substantiate their claim that the land was in existence since August 25, 1821, and in continuous possession and use of the military While certain maps and documents submitted by MOD to argue its case could not be taken as record due to lack of authentification (some were loose copies), the commission ruled the Survey of India Map of Military Lands prepared in 1957 and a 1973 state government record of the Backbay reclamation scheme could not prove existence of land prior to 1937, when the state land revenue code norms first came into force The commission relied on reports on reclamation of Backbay submitted to the government by Kale committee in May 1975 and SG Barve committee to support the observation that the land came in existence only after 1973. It also relied on six maps and evidences placed by the City Survey and Land Records office to support this claim It observed that the army authorities did not object to a proposal for reduction of the width of the adjoining road when the DP plan was finalised in 1967 It questioned MOD's claim on the land's title, saying the ministry only staked claim on ownership of land after Adarsh erupted in 2010. It also did not stake claim on any other plot of land in the same block While the commission found merit in the claim that defence was in possession of the land between 1996 and 2004, it claimed there was no evidence to prove possession prior to 1996. Also, MOD failed in establishing adverse possession of the land Using documents like property card, citing state and city land laws, highlighting admissions by various defence officials over the last 40 years on state's ownership of the land, the state succeeded in establishing its ownership of the landSolace for defence ministryThe commission favoured the argument that the land was in the possession of military authorities between 1996 and 2004. Based on evidence placed before it and admission by acting city collector Chandrasekhar Oak, it agreed that a garden set up by local military officials existed on the land. \"It is possible that to stop further encroachments by slum dwellers, the army decided to set up a garden and take care thereof,\" it said.'Illegality' in property card", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12710431", "title": "Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board gets notice over noise pollution", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has issued notice to the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB) in a public interest litigation, seeking to restrain the functioning of the captive thermal power plant inside the premises of India Cements Ltd factory in Tirunelveli district, as noise pollution was causing disturbance to the locals.In his petition, M Jesu said the trial run of the plant was underway in the cement factory in Naranamalpuram village in Tirunelveli district, and the noise generated during the process was unbearable. He prayed that a team of experts be appointed to assess the noise at the plant.Jesu said already three writ petitions were filed to direct the Union government not to give environmental clearance for the plant, as it was causing much disturbance to villagers. Justices Bhanumathy and Rajendran, admitted the petition and ordered issue of notice to the TNPCB among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12714181", "title": "Nair Samajam community hall inaugurated", "text": "BHOPAL: The newly constructed auditorium of Bhopal Nair Samajam (BNS) was inaugurated and a statue of Acharya Mannathu Padmanabhan, the founder and emancipator of Nair Community, was unveiled in front of the auditorium at Khajuri Kalan, near Piplani.Urban development minister Babulal Gaur inaugurated the auditorium and unveiled the statue. Bhopal Municipal Corporation Mayor Krishna Gaur and Rajya Sabha member Anil Madhav Dave was among those present.Dave formally launched the website of Bhopal Nair Samajam. A directory of Nair community was also released on the occasion.Speaking on the occasion, urban development minister Babulal Gaur praised the contribution made by Keralite community for the state's development.BNS chief patron Dr S A Pillai and president N R Nair spoke at the function which was followed by a cultural programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12711008", "title": "Court grants pre-arrest bail to landowner", "text": "PONDA: The additional sessions judge at Mapusa, P V Savoikar, on Tuesday granted conditional anticipatory bail to Kashinath Temu Gawde alias Dhavalikar, in Dhavali waste blaze case.Apprehending arrest in the case, the applicant had approached the court. On April 6, the Ponda police had registered an offence against Dhavali resident Gawde, the landowner, under Section 3 (iii) of the Goa Non-biodegradable Garbage (Control) Act and Section 8 of the Environment Protection Act.Police said that unknown persons had set ablaze some hazardous industrial waste, including poly vinyl chloride (PVC) sheets, bottles with some chemicals dumped at Dhavali on March 31. The fire had engulfed the acacia trees in the forest land surrounding the spot. Despite the flames being doused, some obnoxious gases continued to emanate from the dumps.Ponda deputy collector and sub divisional office (SDO) Johnson Fernandes has inspected the site and had lodged a police complaint holding the landowner responsible for the fire.The court has directed Gawde to remain present at the Ponda police station for a week inorder to assist the police during the investigation of the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12714528", "title": "Rajeev's baldness is appreciated!", "text": "Actor Rajeev Bhardwaj would have never thought in his wildest dreams that he will be playing two of the strongest characters at the same time in a mythological and a historical show. But as one correctly says, no one can stop talent, and that is evident in his getting both the roles.A computer engineer by education, Rajeev worked in the corporate environment for some time before he tried his hands at theatre, television and films. \"When I got a call from Nikhil Sinha's production house for Maharshi Kashyap's role in Devon Ka Dev Mahadev, I was already doing Bhadrabhatt's role in Chandragupta Maurya for which I had to shave my hair. So I wasn't sure what exactly was going to happen at the audition.\"Rajeev says, during the time of audition an official from the broadcaster's side was reluctant but then Nikhil Sinha stepped in and announced strongly \"Give space to my actor! I was amazed! As an actor if you are getting the freedom and the appreciation from the very first day, you feel connected to the show.\" Regarding Nikhil, Rajeev says that he was surprised to see him. \"Despite being the owner of a production house, he is so humble and grounded. When I came to know Nikhil better, I was sure that Mahadev is not going to be the regular mythological serial. Nikhil is an excellent DOP and a director. It's very difficult for someone to juggle two shows at the same time, but he does it very easily.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12714558", "title": "Atul Agnihotri's next home production without Salman", "text": "Although actor-turned-filmmaker Atul Agnihotri's all the three films, either as a director or a producer, had brother-in-law Salman Khan featuring in them, his next home production will not have his 'lucky mascot'.Atul had made his debut as a director with Dil Ne Jise Apna Kaha (2004) featuring Salman, Preity Zinta and Bhoomika Chawla. The film did not enjoy a good run at the box office.Undeterred by this, he directed and even turned producer with Hello (2008), a film based on the novel 'One Night at a Call Centre', in which Salman had a cameo role.Atul returned to production with Salman-Kareena Kapoor starrer action-romantic film Bodyguard (2011), which was a huge hit at the box office. Now he is set for his next home production without the Dabangg star.\"We have identified something. We have finalised the script, director and locations. We are trying to get the cast in place. We are in the process of putting together the cast and crew. We can't make any statements until and unless everything is finalised,\" producer-director, Atul Agnihotri told PTI.\"We can't talk about the star cast, as we are in the process of finalising things. In two months time, everything should be in place. Then we will make an announcement,\" he said.Right from his first film, Salman has been a common factor but not this time.\"It (film) is without Salman Khan. We do not have any appearance or anything of such sort, where Salman would be there. Salman is our lucky mascot. He supports all of us. He is always there for the family,\" Atul said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "12710782", "title": "Eleven ryots arrested after violent protest", "text": "WARANGAL: Eleven farmers were arrested and sent to judicial remand on Tuesday for the violence at Enumammula market yard here. AP Rythu Sangham state president Ramakrishna and CPI district secretary T Srinivasa Rao were also booked under various cases for staging a dharna at the market yard.The farmers attacked the market yard office and damaged the windowpanes of the office room during a protest demanding higher price for the chilli crop. Farmers and the CPI activists along with Rythu Sangham leaders entered into a heated argument with the market yard authorities demanding a better price for their produce.The angry farmers gave vent to their ire by pelting stones on the market office. Before the situation could go out of hands, cops rushed to the market yard and took 11 ryots into custody. Cases under sections 149, 147, 353 and 3 of Public Property Act of IPC were registered. They were produced before a court which sent them to remand till May 1.Last week, the farmers ransacked the market yard office and set on fire weighing machines and furniture in protest against the traders' refusal to offer a better price for their stocks.The Rythu Sangham leaders and CPI workers gheraoed market yard secretary Janardhan Reddy and demanded Rs 10,000 per quintal for chilli and Rs 7,000 per quintal for cotton. Janardhan Reddy, however, said the authorities cannot fix the rates and insisted that the traders quote the price as per the market demand.The farmers attacked the market yard office and damaged the windowpanes during a protest demanding higher price for the chilli produce", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12709486", "title": "Empty but sealed strips of medicine at top CR hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: A procurement scam has come to light at Central Railway's Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar memorial hospital in Byculla after an official stumbled upon sealed but empty strips of medicine.The budget for procuring medicines for CR-run hospitals is Rs 20 crore, but an estimated 50% of the budget is used for procuring medicines for the 366-bed hospital, the biggest in CR's jurisdiction.TOI has two of the sealed strips of Prazosan and Salinex. The strip of Prazosan, used in the treatment of peptic ulcers and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), did not have any tablet, while a strip of Salinex had three of the 10 pills.A source said there have been many complaints of medicine shortage at the hospital. After the trade union brought the issue to the notice of Subodh Jain, general manager, CR, he visited the hospital to check stocks.Thousands of patients go for treatment to the hospital, which has casualty wards and operation theatres, and offers treatment in nephrology, pediatrics, ophthalmology, ENT, orthopedic, skin, psychiatry, transfusion medicines, obstetrics and gynecology, besides undertaking bariatric surgery.The source said, \"There have been instances of railway employees being turned back due to lack of medicines. In many cases, patients have to fend for themselves.\"An online record of medicines procured is maintained but the source said, \"Though the record may state that there is enough stock, the truth could be otherwise. There is no audit on whether the strips contain pills.\"V A Malegaonkar, chief public relations officer, CR, said, \"We maintain proper records of all medicines procured but we will carry out a review.\" Jain said a high-level probe had been ordered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12711110", "title": "Rebel TMC MP pens song mocking Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: \"Smile in the face of adversity\" seems to be the message of singer-turned-rebel Trinamool Congress MP Kabir Suman, who has penned a song mocking the West Bengal government after a Jadavpur University professor was arrested for group mailing a cartoon featuring chief minister Mamata Banerjee , railway minister Mukul Roy and Trinamool MP Dinesh Trivedi .Suman (62) asks the people of Bengal to smile even in pain: \"Haashi niye thako/Haashi mukhe thako/ Bongo rango hok, sob lok heshe nik jantranateo (Live with a smile/ live with a smiling face. Even in pain, the people of Bengal should smile). The song is titled, Haashi Niye Thako (Live with a smile).Taking further potshots at Mamata who is trying to clamp down on Facebook, Suman said, \"I am there on Facebook and happy with my smile. I sing with a smile. My day will come, too. Let me sharpen my smile now.\"Suman urges introspection, \"Aainay mukh dekho ektu, haashte shekho swabhabik haashi/ Khoncha dewa haashi noy, tate shandeho hoy bujhi debe phaansi (See your face in the mirror and learn to laugh normally/ No oblique smile, that arouses suspicion that you may be hanged).\"JU professor Ambikesh Mahapatra's arrest has unsettled a large section of intellectuals and common people who say they are \"scared\" by the state government's moves.Suman also wrote a song on the \"volte-face\" of his party that fought against eviction of small farmers in Singur while in the opposition, but used the police to uproot settlers at Nonadanga without rehabilitating them. The song, Singur theke Nonadanga (From Singur to Nonadanga), was written after the police attacked a peaceful rally by Nonadanga settlers protesting against their forced eviction.\"After the police attacked a peaceful rally, the police minister (read Mamata Banerjee) stopped a peaceful demonstration and arrested agitators. I feel her own creation Ma-Maati-Manush is under siege,\" said Suman.Trinamool has also drawn all-round condemnation for \"social ostracisation\" advisory by food minister Jyotipriya Mullick. The Left, Congress and intellectuals who had supported Mamata in her fight to oust the Left Front government slammed Trinamool after Mullick told people at a meeting not to marry into CPM families.\"I requested our workers to boycott the CPM personally. I told my party workers not to mingle with CPM cadre, not to chat with them at tea stalls or attend social gatherings organised by them,\" Mullick had told TOI. On Tuesday, he said his statements were \"distorted\".CPM leader Mohammad Salim said the comments were \"atrocious and ridiculous\" and attempted to promote enmity. \"This was expected from a party like the Trinamool because it is not an ideology driven party. It is based on personality cult,\" said Salim.CPM leader Manab Mukherjee said Mullick's fatwa was the height of intolerance. \"Such comment goes against the culture of tolerance in the argumentative Bengali society. People discuss politics, football or films at local tea stalls. The minister wants this tradition of debate to end,\" Mukherjee said.Dramatist Kaushik Sen, who supported Mamata's fight for Left's ouster, said \"What annoys me is the silence of intellectuals who have stopped raising their voice in protest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12712848", "title": "Bldrs sit on plans, wish for \u2018lenient\u2019 civic chief", "text": "MUMBAI: A section of Mumbai's developers, hit hard by the tough new building rules, will heave a sigh of relief when municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar retires this month-end. They are hoping for a pliable and lenient successor, who will listen to their woes.The amended Development Control Rules (DCR) approved by the state government last January drastically reduced profit margins of unscrupulous builders, who misused building concessions offered to them by successive municipal commissioners.New rules plugged loopholes and left no scope for manipulation. The BMC has now been empowered to levy a hefty premium on builders, who want to utilise 35% extra area for residential projects and 20% for commercial projects. \"They have been biding their time and are not submitting their building plans till the commissioner retires,\" said sources in the industry.A prominent builder who sold more than 100 flats in his Kalina project even before work commenced is one of those believed to be badly hit because of the new DCR. \"Flat purchasers have been chasing him since the past one year and he has posted musclemen at his office to keep them out,\" said sources. This developer is hopeful of getting the building plans sanctioned after Kumar leaves.Civic officials said it would be very difficult to manipulate the new rules in favour of any builder even if the BMC got an \"amenable\" commissioner. \"No civic chief can tinker with the rules as they are now cast in stone,\" they said.Most builders find Kumar brusque, adamant and someone who refuses to budge from his position. Two weeks ago, he told builders that \"any change unsettles everyone initially\". Kumar, who crafted the new policy, gently chided architects for their \"creative designs\" which led to major manipulations in the past.Initial confusion over the implementation of the new policy had builders bitterly complaining that project files were stuck and junior-level officials were unable to decide on them. But the BMC said as many as 32 building proposals have been cleared since the new rules came into force.Officials said the building approvals process has been streamlined and files are being cleared at a much faster rate. They said that once the project file is dispatched from the zonal office to the municipal commissioner, it takes barely 10 days for the final approval.Last month, Mayfair Housing paid a premium of Rs 2.78 crore to the BMC and became the first developer in Mumbai to get its plans approved under the modified regulation for its project, Mayfair Kumkum, at SV Road, Andheri (W).But real estate industry sources said that the 32 projects approved were all old proposals which were sent back to the drawing board by the BMC after the new policy was announced by the state government last January.\"Virtually no new proposal has been submitted to the BMC. The ones approved were old building plans redesigned as per the new policy,\" said a leading architect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12715294", "title": "Kochadaiyaan to arrive early", "text": "Soundarya Rajinikanth is working full swing to release Kochadaiyaan much before the intended release date.When this project was announced it was said that Kochadaiyaan was aimed as a Diwali release. But the work now is progressing in full gusto and there is a strong indication that it will be ready much before Diwali.Sources close to the Kochadaiyaan team say that Soundarya is looking for a September release and is speeding up the work.The team is now camping in Kerala for the second schedule. Rajinikanth, Aadhi, Sarath Kumar, Nasser and others will be joining the unit as and when required, states our sources in Kollywood.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12712567", "title": "Simran flaunted \u2018Delhi links\u2019 to scare officer?", "text": "The former investigation officer (IO) may have been afraid of model Simran Sood's \"Delhi connections\" and therefore didn't initially pursue investigations against her in the case for the disappearance of aspiring producer Karankumar Kakkar. The Amboli police are conducting a preliminary inquiry against the former IO for negligence, recorded his statement and transferred the case to another officer recently.Sood and Vijay Palande, both of whom have been arrested, lived at Oberoi Springs, Andheri, where Kakkar lived. Kakkar went missing on March 5. Residents told police that he was close to Sood. On March 14, Kakkar's relatives from Delhi came to Mumbai and gave the police CCTV footage which showed that Palande and an aide may have shopped with Kakkar's ATM card in Malad.The case's then IO called Sood for questioning and she visited the police station with Palande. The police recorded her statement, but didn't ask Palande anything. A senior officer said Sood told the IO she belonged to an influential Delhi family, after which she wasn't grilled and allowed to go after completing formalities. A senior officer said, \"She was living in a plush apartment, so the IO believed her.\" Under pressure from the victim's family, the IO tried to clarify doubts with Sood, but she didn't respond to his calls. A constable visited Sood's house, but a man there abused him and said Sood would visit the police station if she had the time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12710770", "title": "HC notice to judge, MP", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Tuesday issued notice to the Siwan Fast Track Court (FTC)-1 judge, Ram Darash, RJD MP from Maharajganj Umashankar Singh and his son Jitendra Swami following the FTC order acquitting the father and son in a kidnapping cum murder case of 2000, even though a petition filed in the HC seeking the transfer of the case to another FTC was pending and was to be heard on April 18.A group of persons, including Umashankar Singh, Jitendra Swami and others, allegedly kidnapped Bharat Singh from the Maharajganj primary health centre on February 17, 2000. Bharat Singh was the brother of an independent candidate, Damodar Singh, from Maharajganj constituency during Bihar assembly elections in 2000. Later, Bharat's bullet-ridden body was found lying abandoned in a field in the village. While Damodar is currently the sitting JD (U) MLA, Umashankar Singh was then a Samata Party candidate from Maharajganj assembly seat.Charges in the case were framed by the Siwan court of ADJ-1, R N Tiwari, on August 18, 2010 against the MP and his son. Though the MP's son was arrested and has been lodged in Siwan jail since 2005, Umashankar is out on bail. Delivering its verdict, Siwan FTC-1 on Tuesday acquitted the father-son duo while a petition seeking the intervention of HC to transfer the case from the court, filed by one Vijay Singh, was to be taken up by the high court on April 18.Petitioner's lawyer Prabhakar Singh told TOI, \"The court took strong exception to the conduct of FTC-1 judge Ram Darash and issued show cause notice to him why was the judgment delivered a day before the petition was to be heard in the HC. The HC also issued notice to both the accused in this connection. All the three have been directed to reply by May 11, while the next date of hearing in the case has been fixed on May15.\" The order was passed by a single bench of the high court presided by Justice A Amanullah.Vijay Singh had on March 27 sought transfer of the case, expressing apprehensions that the trial would not be fair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12714236", "title": "Mob lynches man for killing wife, son", "text": "IMPHAL: An irate mob lynched an allegedly mentally retarded man for killing his wife and son at Phoijing village in Bishnupur district on Monday night.According to sources, the trail of bloodbath was triggered around 7pm after 'killer' Nongmaithem Ratan (41) thrashed his wife, Tama Devi (35), to death with an iron rod in their house after locking the main door.Minutes after killing Tama, Ratan turned his murderous attention to his 11-year-old son, Yaiphanao, who, having witnessed the horrendous murder of his mother, was howling, and began beating him up. Sources added that neighbours of the family and other locals broke open the door on hearing the commotion and found the badly battered Yaiphano and the already-dead Tama lying in a pool of blood on the floor.They immediately rushed Yaiphanao to the Regional Institute of Medial Sciences (Rims) in Imphal . He was referred to the private Shija Hospital, where doctors declared the boy brought dead.As news of the twin murders spread across the village, an angry mob converged at Phoijing Chingjin area and lynched Ratan.Local sources said Ratan was suffering from a mental illness for the last few years. Police, who are running an investigation to ascertain the veracity of the bloody incidents, retrieved the bodies and deposited them at the Rims mortuary for autopsy.Monday's incident came at a time when hordes of civil bodies and women's vigil groups in the state are demanding fitting punishment to the perpetrators involved in the recent murder of a 41-year-old woman at Kakching in Thoubal district.On April 10, the charred remnants of Keisham Premila Devi's body were found at Mahadeva hills near Kakching town.One Kheledro Singh (35) of Kakching, who had reportedly telephoned Premila on March 25, was pulled up by the police on Saturday evening. An angry mob destroyed his house the following day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12712024", "title": "N Kumar Group, NIT settle dispute over incomplete project", "text": "NAGPUR: This half built structure, near Alankar theatre which often draws the curiosity of those passing by, and in the realty circles is cited as a sunken venture may soon see the light of the day. What would have been otherwise the city's first multiplex had so far only remained entangled in litigations.City-based realty firm N Kumar Group, developers of this stuck up project, has finally settled its dispute with the Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT). The builder has conceded to NIT's terms and conditions on payment of royalty and will be shelling out Rs 1 crore more as against the amount fixed earlier. At the same time N Kumar has also withdrawn the ligations demanding a compensation of Rs 250 crore from NIT, for losses arising to his firm on account of various controversies related to the project.Work at the site has gathered pace and the company hopes to finish the project within one and a half to two years. The multiplex which was planned earlier will be replaced by a hotel which will be the key attraction of the mall.When contacted N Kumar, the company's chairman, confirmed of the settlement and said he has agreed to pay up a crore extra as he had no other choice. He added that suit demanding a compensation from NIT has bend withdrawn too. Although refused to comment on the new plans.Sources in the company say that the hotel will be projected as a major dining place in the middle of the city. The hotel is expected to generate a chunk of the revenue. Currently the new premium hotels are only coming up in outer areas. This one which will be in the heart of the city and is expected to pull crowds to its banquet hall which may generate enough footfalls to sustain the entire mall.The story of this controversial commercial complex spread in a built-up area of 15,000 sq meters dates back to 2002 when the N Kumar Group had bagged the deal to develop this site on public private partnership (PPP) basis. The original plan with NIT entailed having a three-screen multiplex which was the major attraction apart from other shops.However, Nagpur Nagarik Sahakari Rugnalaya a hospital next to the site moved the court pointing out that a cinema theatre cannot come up within a distance of 60 metres from the hospital. The case continued till 2004 with the builder losing. The multiplex had to be dropped with hotel being planned instead. NIT also lost due to this order as the earlier plan gave it an opportunity to appoint a new operator for the multiplex after 20 years by inviting fresh bids.After losing the case, the builder sued NIT for losses on account of the multiplex getting cancelled. With the multiplex which was expected to be a huge crowd puller not being there, the whole revenue projections had to be changed, contended N Kumar. NIT's in turn, issued a stop construction notice. Kumar challenged it in the district court. The court told Kumar to pay Rs 2.1 crore royalty to NIT and go ahead with the construction at his own risk. NIT moved the high court, which referred the matter to an arbitrator.Finally, after arbitration Kumar agreed to pay a crore more as royalty to compensate NIT's loss of revenue in absence of a multiplex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710150", "title": "MCD polls: BJP rides anti-Congress wave", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the ballot boxes opened on Tuesday morning to see how the capital had voted to give shape to the three new civic bodies, an anti-Congress wave became evident across wards. BJP soared high despite over 85 rebels and much infighting and resentment among workers over ticket distribution. The party also managed to fight of anti-incumbency as the ruling dispensation in unified MCD.The presence of 50% women candidates, most of them first-timers, and fewer sitting councillors in the contest helped BJP overcome this anti-incumbency. In contrast, the Congress lost strongholds not only in the south and north but the biggest blow to it came in the east where the Congress seemed to have failed to stir the slums, unauthorized colonies and the dominant Muslim vote to vote in its favour.Rebels and strong contenders from smaller parties like BSP played spoilers %for Congress. For instance, in the Gandhi Nagar assembly constituency - stronghold of Delhi's education minister Arvinder Singh Lovely - the Azad Nagar ward was lost to BJP as BSP candidate and a Peace Party candidate cut into the winning margin of the Congress candidate by taking 3,000 votes.Delhi's urban development minister A K Walia also failed to make an impact. All four wards of his Laxmi Nagar constituency went to the BJP. Social Welfare minister Kiran Walia could manage a win in Hauz Rani ward of Malviya Nagar assembly.The fact that the local development issues and the Congress campaign linked to all achievements related to development and infrastructure in Delhi over three terms of Dikshit's rule failed to cut ice with voters was most evident in East. The BJP swept as many as 37 seats, while Congress failed to perform even in traditional party strongholds like Kondli, Trilokpuri, Seemapuri, Seelampur and Karawal Nagar.Many Congress heavyweights lost in the wave against the party. Among them were J K Sharma, three-time councillor and leader of the opposition in the unified MCD, Chaudhary Ajit Singh, senior leader and sitting councillor, Shalu Malik, a three-time councillor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "12713590", "title": "Congress calls for judicial inquiry against Tripura ADGP", "text": "AGARTALA: Opposition Congress has demanded inquiry by a sitting high court judge into alleged atrocities on a Tripura State Rifles (TSR) jawan in the official residence of additional director general of police (ADGP) Kishore Jha in January. Jha allegedly tied up the jawan and beat him up for being late while bringing a woman, who reportedly ran an independent escort service in Agartala, to his residence.Director general of police (DGP) Sanjoy Sinha had conducted two rounds of enquiry over the allegation and submitted the report to the state government, which is yet to release the report. The government has, meanwhile, posted Jha at Tripura Bhawan in New Delhi.Leader of the opposition Ratan Lal Nath on Tuesday released both the investigation reports in a press conference, saying that the DGP had intentionally avoided addressing the issue of atrocity on the TSR jawan even while he admitted other allegations levelled against Jha.Nath also said that Sinha had been made a scapegoat as he had prepared the report as per instructions of chief minister Manik Sarkar , who was trying to protect Jha for his political and electoral interests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12714383", "title": "Kailash Kher's Kailasa is world wide popular band", "text": "Kailash Kher, one of the rarest finds in the music industry, is all set to rock the stage the world over. With their latest release 'Rangeele', Kailash Kher and his band Kailasa has been busy touring around the world.The band has created a huge fan base with their unique style and soulful singing and is globally popular positioning themselves amongst few of the world's most renowned bands like The Rolling Stones , The Beatles and Coldplay .Coming from a humble background, Kailash Kher made his own space with some really strong performances and it was his union with Naresh and Paresh Kamath that gave birth to one of the most popular bands, Kailasa. Having already given big hits like Sayyiyan, Teri Deewani and Aaogi, Kailasa is now set to enthrall the US audience after stealing million hearts in various places like Dhaka in Bangladesh , Nairobi in Kenya and Birmingham, Liverpool , London and Leicester in the UK and Karachi in Pakistan in the last three months.It's their unique style, mesmerizing performances, soul stirring lyrics and their sufiana andaaz that has got their audience to lose themselves in their music and given them the position of the most admired bands in the world.#", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12711768", "title": "Illegal handcarts on the rise in Margao", "text": "MARGAO: Despite several steps taken by the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) to rein in mushrooming illegal handcarts, they continue to be on the rise. A number of illegal hawkers selling a variety of junk food on handcarts do not have any permission from the civic body.Following complaints over the rise in illegal handcarts, the MMC had issued identity cards to over 100 licensed handcarts a year ago - a move that was expected to facilitate the identification of unlicensed hawkers and penalize them. The licensed handcart owners were directed by the MMC authorities to carry their identity cards with them. Those found not possessing the identity cards would have their handcarts confiscated, the MMC had warned. Over a year later, the illegality continues with impunity.Sources in the MMC disclosed that while over a 100 handcart owners are licensed, a large number of unauthorized handcarts have sprung up in various parts of the city, thereby causing obstruction to the free flow of traffic leading to traffic bottlenecks. Though the civic authorities claim they have not issued any new licenses for such mobile carts for the last four years, the mushrooming of new mobile kiosks at various places indicates that illegal and unlicensed vendors exist in the city and far outnumber the legal vendors.It is learnt that the unlicensed illegal vendors carry on their trade by hoodwinking the market inspectors. The method used by them is simple. A licensed mobile hawker allows two or more persons to set up illegal mobile carts. As and when any illegal cart is seized by the civic authorities, the license holder approaches the authorities claiming to be the owner of the 'legal cart' seized by them and thus manages to deceive the authorities.The handcarts selling food items are also found to be violating all norms of hygiene and sanitation. Though the health authorities have some 16 guidelines drawn up to regulate the operation of such mobile eateries, most of them are found to be grossly violated. Providing packaged drinking water to the consumers, using disposable plates and spoons, and storing potable water for cleaning utensils in stainless steel vessels fitted with taps, are just some of the guidelines that are being violated.\"It's absolutely essential that the handcarts selling eatables are monitored by the authorities for the quality of food that they prepare and serve. As summer has set in, it has become all the more imperative, as water-borne diseases are also on the rise,\" Samir Naik, a college student from Navelim, said.Chief officer of the MMC, J B Bhingui, when contacted, said he would soon direct the market inspectors of the MMC to crack down on the illegal handcarts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12715860", "title": "Builders arrested for cheating", "text": "RANCHI: The managing director, general manager, director and finance manager of a private property developer, Samridhi Creatives Pvt Ltd, were arrested in a forgery case here on Tuesday.Sidheshwar Choubey, MD, Rohan Kumar, GM marketing, Navin Kumar, director, and Gautam Kumar Singh, finance manager, have been accused of taking Rs 80 lakh from people promising them land in the city. An FIR has been lodged against them with Doranda police . Officer in-charge Fozail Ahmad said, \"The accused used to collect money from the gullible buyers with assurances of land. But they have not given land to a single buyer.\"\"The accused had recently shifted their office from Bariyatu,\" Ahmad added.Police sealed their Alkapuri office on Monday. Raksha Devi, who has filed the FIR against them, alleged that the accused misbehaved with a group of victims who had gone to their Alkapuri office on Tuesday. \"They threatened and locked all of us in a room,\" she said.The victims were demanding refund of their deposits. \"They were offering postdated cheques to us but their cheques have bounced many times,\" said a victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12711921", "title": "'Hubby has to maintain wife to get conjugal rights'", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bombay High Court has ruled that husband failing to maintain wife has no right to demand conjugal rights. \"The husband should first show that he is capable of maintaining wife and then demand her company,\" a single-judge bench of Justice Roshan Dalvi ruled before allowing wife's application for getting maintenance amount from husband. The husband was told to pay an interim maintenance of Rs 1,000 per month to the wife along with arrears.Sujata (Name changed) had challenged Mumbai family court order of September 20, 2010 which refused to grant her permanent maintenance from husband Sujit. The couple had an arranged marriage, but later wife left home over alleged dowry demands. She then filed a police complaint under Section 498A and also moved to the family court demanding maintenance.The husband argued that the wife had left his home without reasonable cause and hence was not entitled to any maintenance. He also presented a notice served to wife calling her back. He argued that Sujata had made different allegations in FIR and in her plea that deserved to be rejected. The family court ruled in Sujit's favour dismissing Sujata's plea.While Sujit claimed that he earns only Rs 3,000, the high court flayed him observing that \"even the peons earn more than this today\". \"The husband is hardly eligible to marry, to keep a wife, to make a family, and even more ineligible to demand that his wife returns home when he claims to earn only Rs 3,000 per month. He claims that he never demanded dowry and would not demand in future. Without the wife's assistance, it is easy to see that he can hardly make ends meet for himself as also his wife much less for his future family,\" Justice Dalvi tersely remarked.Further criticizing Sujit's claims that he lives in small house of 125 sq ft with his big family, the judge said, \"If the husband seeks to have the company of his wife and to make a family, he would not only deserve but need another accommodation. He seems to make no efforts to obtain it himself and hence his wife could be the only source from where he could get that most essential need,\" the judge said.Terming the dowry as an endemic in the country, the court observed that fresh demands at various times of marriage continue to be made as an abhorrent custom. \"These demands first made are met if they are reasonable. They cannot be continued to be made and met. In these circumstances, wife's case that husband made dowry demands stand to reason given the endemic situation in our country which drove the legislature to pass the anti-dowry act three decades ago,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12710803", "title": "New sand policy in the offing: Government", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sharing the apprehensions expressed by the high court on the dangerous ecological consequences of allowing indiscriminate sand quarrying, the state government on Tuesday informed the court of its plans to bring about a new sand policy.The new policy would require the authorities to mention in the auction notification the quantum of sand available in the proposed lease areas. The lease period would be fixed for one year or it would automatically end after the excavation of the notified quantum of sand before the expiry of the one year lease period. Several safeguards would be put in place to prevent excess quarrying. The villages under which these leases fall too would be made stakeholders in the proposed policy.Mines and geology authorities would be required to prepare maps of sand reaches with scientific parameters. The sketches would be given to the contractors along with the lease deeds. Several penal clauses would also be proposed to punish the contractors in the event of their failure to pay the required fee amounts to the state government. Clauses would be introduced in the proposed policy to encash the bank guarantee furnished by the contractors in case they failed to fulfill the tender conditions.The new policy also proposes to confiscate trucks carrying sand and imposition of a penalty of Rs 30,000 per each tonne of sand if the quarrying was done without the required permits. The bench comprising Chief Justice Madan B lokur and Justice P V Sanjay Kumar reserved its orders on the state's plea to vacate the stay on the quarrying of sand all over the state.New policy would require the authorities to mention in the auction notification the quantum of sand available in the proposed lease areas. Lease period would be fixed for one year or it would automatically end after the excavation of the notified quantum of sand", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12710271", "title": "MCD election results: For Aaley it\u2019s all in the family", "text": "NEW DELHI: Banking on his family's experience, Aaley Mohammed had entered the civic polls as a candidate. When results were announced on Tuesday, Aaley emerged the victor of Turkman Gate. His cousin Khurram Iqbal won for the second time. Aaley now hopes to learn from his cousin.\"Since my childhood, I have seen my father. I know how to talk to people and deal with issues. Politics is in my blood; people have seen me grow up. Sanitation is on my priority list,\" said a confident Aaley, son of Shoaib Iqbal.As regards Khurram, he plans to take forward the work he did during his last stint. \"I know the area very well and people are happy with me.\"Our family has been actively working for betterment of the area and we will continue to do so,\" said Khurram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-18"}
