{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441763", "title": "Cops clueless, Gopal Kanda may appear in HC on Monday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda continued to elude raids by cops on Friday, amid speculation that he would appear in Delhi High Court on Monday to file a bail plea. Kanda is the key accused in the Geetika Sharma suicide case.News agencies quoted Kanda's brother, Govind, as hinting that he may surrender on Monday. However, Kanda's lawyer, Kapil Sankhla, told TOI that Kanda would move court on Monday and not surrender.\"The question of surrendering doesn't arise as my client is not an absconder. It is being explored if he will appear before court in person,\" said Sankhla.Asked by TOI if Kanda would appear before the police over the weekend, Sankhla replied, \"He will be more than happy to appear before the police and prove his innocence provided there is no imminent threat of arrest. He should be given a fair chance.\"\"Kanda is collecting his documents and all the papers related to this case and is in touch with his lawyers. He just wants some time to get all the papers in order,\" said Sankhla.More than 100 policemen from different teams have conducted raids at around a dozen suspected hideouts over the last couple of days, but without any luck.It has also emerged that the team sent to Siliguri where Kanda's in-laws stay returned empty-handed. The team which was sent to Goa to trace the other woman who Geetika mentioned in the suicide note too has not been able to trace her whereabouts, said a source.The fact that Kanda has been able to evade arrest despite cops issuing a lookout circular and a non-bailable warrant against him, has raised serious questions about the strategy followed by the 85,000-strong Delhi Police. A source said, \"We didn't have an idea that he would abscond all of a sudden as he was in touch with the media. As he is a public figure we assumed that he would not go underground. Though problems may have increased for him after his disappearance, he is proving to be a tough nut to crack.\"The stoic silence maintained by the brass of the force on this issue seems to have shaken the belief of the victim's family, who are now demanding a CBI probe into the case. A family member fumed, \"If the police have not been able to get their hands on a man who is a known public figure, it shows what kind of political pressure is on them. He was known to have a great influence on the Gurgaon police being the minister for home in Haryana but we expected the Delhi Police to be impartial at least.\"However, cops have denied any political pressure. They also denied reports that their raids were being hampered due to stiff resistance from Kanda's men.Meanwhile, the post mortem report of Geetika Sharma, which arrived on Friday confirmed that she hung himself from the ceiling fan. \"The cause of death has been established as 'hanging' and any foul play has been ruled out. The time of suicide was one and half days before the postmortem which would be wee hours of Sunday. The ligature marks are anti-mortem in nature in the report,\" said a senior police officer. Going by the preliminary post mortem report it is evident that she committed suicide between 3am and 4am on Sunday,\" said the officer.Sources in crime branch said that going by the location of his close associates, it was being assumed that Kanda could be in Chandigarh or Sirsa. On Thursday, a team of Delhi police headed by an assistant commissioner of police had raided the Sirsa residence of Kanda and even asked his mother about his whereabouts but had to return empty-handed. The police also questioned several relatives of Kanda regarding his whereabouts. Geetika's family was too questioned to gather further details.An NCW team visited Geetika's parents late on Friday evening and collected more details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15443443", "title": "Farmers perform puja on Kabini banks", "text": "MYSORE: The farmers on Friday performed puja to River Kapila and offered bagina at the Kabini dam at Beechanahalli.Continuing the tradition of performing puja and offering bagina to the River Kapila, the farmers led by Kurbur Shantakumar arrived at the reservoir when they were informed by the security guards that they can't allow them as per instructions.The farmers said though they tried to contact the senior officials of the water resources department, they couldn't get through while the field officials insisted that they need clearance from the higher-ups. Braving opposition, the farmers entered the dam and performed the puja.Shantakumar said they had to face opposition since the officials were unresponsive. The cops at the site told the farmers they were posted to guard the dam and they have no objection to the farmers performing the puja but asked them to get permission from the water resources official.The dam is logging 18,000 cusecs while 15,000 cusecs is released into the river.The level is maintained at 2,282 ft, just 2 feet below the maximum of 2,284 ft.District minister S A Ramdas will visit Kabini dam on Sunday to offer puja. He will offer bagina to the River Kapila. The water level at Krishnarajsagar dam near Mysore is nearing 100 ft mark.It was 95 ft with an inflow of 21,274 cusecs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kanyakumari", "code": "15442689", "title": "Football's the goal here in Kanyakumari district", "text": "KANYAKUMARI: Fishing hamlets in the extreme western coast of Kanyakumari district in the border seem crazy after football. The game has turned somewhat of a tradition passed on from fathers to sons for the last many generations. Football rules in fishing hamlets such as Iraviputhanthurai, Chinnathurai, Thoothur, Poothurai, Vallavilai, Neerodi and Marthandamvillai falling under two village panchayats of Kollankode and Thoothur. Many will not be aware that these fishing villages have gone well ahead in football where even Nigerian teams play here against Indian teams for a trophy.Every year, the football clubs in Iraviputhanthurai, St Catherine Football Club and Francis Arts and Sports Club organise a grand football tournament in November and December respectively with teams from Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Goa, and a special team of Nigerian footballers locking horns with each other for the trophy.District sports officer L Theerthoose, who also hails from these villages, says football has evolved into a natural game in coastal villages as fishermen find it a great source of recreation. \"The origin of the game is not clear though football has been played in these villages for more than 50 years, and over a period, has become a traditional game passed on from one generation to another. The natural stamina and agility of the fishermen make them great footballers. Recently, four boys from these villages represented Tamil Nadu in the Santhosh Trophy,\" he said. Besides, many of the villagers are in various state and Central government departments. There are seven players from these villages in Integral Coach Factory, Chennai, a few in the Food Corporation of India, Customs and Excise department, and the telecom and defence services, he added.Elaborating on the grand football tournaments organised in the coastal villages, L Cleatus of Iraviputhanthurai said every year in November and December, they invite teams from various places in Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Goa and the Nigerians to play. \"Nigerian football players who come for the selection of league matches in Kolkata and Goa come to the village and form a team and play the tournament. Nigerians are tough and skilled players, and it will be great exposure for local boys to learn new techniques,\" he said.The entire sport and the tournaments are supported by the villagers without any external funding and sponsors. The minimum budget for a tournament is estimated to be Rs 3 to Rs 4 lakh, with visiting teams getting travel and maintenance expenses. The prize money is above Rs 30,000. \"Our fishermen ensure entire funding of the sport and tournaments. They contribute from their earnings while fishermen living abroad also generally contribute for the tournaments,\" says Cleatus.\"Football is a legacy here and people start playing very young. One can see even first and second standard students playing skilful football. Many have grown into talented footballers and many youth have been admitted in colleges through sports quota,\" says Tony Hamlet, parish priest of Iraviputhanthurai. Further, the sports clubs in these villages also ensure that youth with football skills are admitted in sports hostels across the state. \"They are naturally skilful but that's not enough. We should know the latest techniques and methods of playing football because the game is a lifestyle here,\" adds Cleatus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15443317", "title": "Pol murder case: Another contract killer arrested", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Yet another contract killer involved in murder case of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader Tirupati Pol was arrested on Friday. Sleuths of local crime branch (LCB) nabbed accused Kahilesh Salame (22) from Jankapur under Khaparkheda police station in Nagpur.LCB has arrested a total of 17 accused in Pol murder case. Two contract killers Mahesh Patil and Rakesh Gadekar were arrested on August 7 and police obtained their PCR till August 13. During interrogation they spilled the beans and revealed the whereabouts of their aide Salame who was arrested in the morning.Salame was produced before the court later in the afternoon and remanded to police custody till August 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15445260", "title": "Life is a celebration for Shweta Pandit", "text": "When she was four, she chirped her way into hearts with her Tamil song in Anjali. Now, gifted singer Shweta Pandit is debuting as an actor. She tells Leena Mudbidri about following her heart , and the pride she felt representing India at the Nobel Peace Prize Concert with A R RehmanMeeting The elusive A R Rehman As a kid I grew up listening to his music and yearned to meet him. My sister Shraddha was an established singer then. I would hang around recording studios in Mumbai but could never meet him. And when I did meet him as a participant in a TV channel's talent show for music composers, produced by the United Nations , where he was the judge, he mistook me for Shraddha! A few days later I got a call from his office asking me to join him in his world tour. He said he watched me perform and was impressed. It's been four wonderful years since I've been part of his troupe and travelled the world with him. My bloodline makes it tougher I auditioned for Anjali, and for Mohabbatein as well when I was only 12. Even if you've made it on your own, people think you've pulled strings. It's been a tough ride. Having the world renowned Pandit Jasraj for a grand uncle there are high expectations from me and it's a challenge to prove myself. Panditji is an institution and is still so rooted and humble, traits worthy of emulation. I have always ensured not to use my bloodline, values instilled in us by our parents. Incidentally my mother has her roots in Mangalore and speaks Konkani fluently. Auditioned in my school uniform I auditioned for Mohabbatein in my school uniform. It was my dream to work with a Yashraj banner and with so many making their debut in the film, it felt dizzying to bag a few songs. The offers poured in from Telugu and Tamil films though I did not know the languages. I prefer to keep it that way even now so there is an element of mystique and newness. I continue doing riyaz and love to be in a recording studio every single day. My movie debut When I was invited by director Bejoy Nambiar to watch his film Shaitaan , I was intrigued by his talent. When he told me he wanted me in his bilingual Tamil-Hindi flick David , I never thought twice! It has been fulfilling. We shot the whole film in one month. As a singer, I would emote through my voice. But, here my expressions are there for all to see. Moment of pride I sang Jai Ho with A R Rehman sir at the Nobel Peace Prize Concert 2010 in Oslo , Norway . It was indeed a moment of pride representing India at this prestigious concert in the presence of the King of Norway. To top it all, sharing the stage with A R Rehman 'sir', Denzel Washington , and Anne Hathaway has been absolutely overwhelming.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15442989", "title": "UK PM David Cameron ticks off schools over Indian dancing", "text": "LONDON: British Prime Minister David Cameron on Friday said that Indian dancing is not a sport while defending his government's decision to scrap compulsory two hours a week of sports in schools, raising many eyebrows.He told a TV channel, \"The trouble we've had with targets (for state schools) up to now, which was two hours a week, is that a lot of schools were meeting that by doing things like Indian dancing or whatever, that you and I probably wouldn't think of as sport.\"Bollywood dancing is growing in Britain, with several workshops and dance classes teaching steps accompanied by popular Hindi film songs. Besides its cultural value, Bollywood dance is also seen as an exercise. But many say there are few instances of it being taught or performed regularly in schools.Cameron accepted that pupils must \"do as much sport in school as possible\". His comments came against the backdrop of Britain's remarkable success in the current Olympics, following which there is unanimity across the British political spectrum that there should be a continuing emphasis on sport in schools. But the government's cost cutting to reduce public debt has impacted on school budgets, with mandatory sports being one of the casualties.\"As well as the facilities and the money, what we really need is a change in culture in our schools and in society that says sport is good, competitive sport is good, school games are good,\" the PM said.Cameron's remarks on Indian dancing prompted a wave of online comments by readers who believed that Indian dance was a form of exercise, while some joked how \"Team Bollywood GB\" would do if Bollywood dance were included in Olympics.A reader wrote to the Guardian, \"Back in the 1970s we did county dancing as part of PE in primary school. Indian dancing is quite physical and if it engages some pupils who think running around after a ball is not enjoyable then why not? Cameron's comment just seems racist to me.\"Another said, \"Cameron is living on a different planet. Any kind of exercise is better than the blobbism we now have. Not everyone wants to do cross-country running, and if girls, or men, want to do Indian dancing... great. Those Indian dancers look super to me\". Reader Tony wrote to The Daily Telegraph: \"There is nothing wrong with a bit of bhangra... The objective is to get that body moving and use those muscles to keep fit. Whilst it's not exactly sport, not everyone is naturally good at sport.\" (With inputs from agencies)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15442361", "title": "Unchecked watchmen guard Mumbai residences", "text": "MUMBAI: The murder of Pallavi Purkayastha by the guard of her building has brought the focus on these security agencies that supply watchmen to protect the residents. With most of the agencies operating without a police licence, the question is if there are rules to look after the welfare and employment of the security guards then why are there not laws to verify their credentials.The watchman who murdered Pallavi was supplied by Ahmed Hamid Enterprises and it was running the business with just a BMC licence known as gumasta, police sources said. The crime branch has ordered an inquiry into its registration and licence details under the Private Security Agencies Regulation Act (PSARA) 2005.\"Absence of stringent licensing measures is resulting in flourishing of such guards and agencies. In fact, to set up an agency, no police licence is required,\" said Y P Singh, police officer-turned-lawyer.There are about 15,000 security agencies operating in the state, mostly in Mumbai that are running the service without any proper licence. \"There are only a few agencies that are imparting quality training. Every agency should be mandatorily asked to fulfil 16 different criteria for licence under PSARA and a separate licence for training,\" said S Salaria of TRIG Securities.Brigadier Jaisinghani of TOPS Security said normally before appointing any security guard, he should be given 20 days training involving 100 hours of classroom training and 60 hours of outdoor or onsite training including mock security drills. \"Soft skills to handle people and stress management tactics should also be imparted,\" he said.The other issue is that most of these guards are from rural Uttar Pradesh, Bihar or Jammu and Kashmir , and they struggle to handle the huge cultural differences. Psychiatrist Dr Narendra Kinger said guards come from remote areas. \"These people stay alone with seven-eight people and are disturbed and frustrated. After 12 hours of work, they cook for themselves. Not so educated, they can't tolerate the dominance of women. Agencies do not check their mental and physical condition regularly,\" he said.Salaria said most of the agencies do not take care of the guards and this leads to frustration and irritation among them.\"The agencies should understand and resolve their difficulties and keep them stress-free,\" he said.Salaria said ensuring proper weekly offs to the guards without stressing them much on duty plays an important role in managing their physical and mental condition. \"Licensed agencies do not recruit guards without police verification but in case of others, one cannot be very sure,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15443511", "title": "Bank staff strike to hit retail trade", "text": "INDORE: Retailers in the state would be affected by the two-day nationwide strike by banks on August 22 and 23 while the impact would be minimal on the big corporate houses and the common man, who are mostly dependent on ATMs for emergency cash withdrawals.On an average, the daily retail transactions total about Rs 10,000 crore in Indore alone per day. They are mostly in cash. The sarafa and commodity traders solely depend on branch banking for their day-to-day cash transactions.Nearly 10 lakh bank employees and officers, working in 27 public sector banks PSBs including SBI, IDBI, and 12 old generation private sector banks and 8 foreign banks across the country, will observe two-day nationwide strike against the Union government's move to amend banking laws bill which is in the parliament.The strike call has been given by the united forum of bank unions (UFBU) consisting of five award staff unions like AIBEA-NCBE-BEFI-INBEF-NOBW and four officers unions like AIBOC-AIBOA-INBOC-NOBO.The Bill is likely to come up for debate during the ongoing monsoon session of parliament, said Vishwas Utagi, secretary, All India Bank Employees Association ( AIBEA). Bank employees will resort to flash strike on the day when it will be discussed in the parliament, added Utagi.Kulbhushan Subedar, DGM IDBI said, \"The retailer trading community, which depend on heavy cash on a daily basis for their day-to-day transaction will be affected the most during the strike. We have already provided sufficient cash for overnight vault to the third parties like Euronet so as to ensure that ATMs don't be cashless during the ongoing festive season\".The agitating bank employees will take out a rally against the 'anti-bank staff policies' of the government on the first day of the strike. The rally will start from Sheetala Mata Bazar and conclude at Rajwada. A L Madhuraj, zonal head, SBI Award Staff Union, Bhopal circle, said, \"We are all set to make the forthcoming strike successful\". Umesh Singh, general manager, Central Bank of India and convenor, state level bankers' committee (SLBC), said, \"There will be no impact on the functioning of alternate banking channels like internet banking and ATM transactions during the strike\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15442557", "title": "Autopsy confirms Infosys employee Neelima\u2019s suicide", "text": "HYDERABAD: There could still be unanswered questions left about the two hours preceding her death that B Neelima spent at the Infosys parking lot, but based on the official postmortem report submitted by forensic doctors on Wednesday night, the police are now concluding that her death was a case of suicide. According to the postmortem report, the external injuries on Neelima's body were because of falling from a height and not inflicted on her prior to it.Police officials said they are now awaiting the report of AP Forensic Science Laboratory where Neelima's viscera sample has been sent. \"We got the postmortem report and we predict this is a clear-cut case of suicide. But we are leaving no stone unturned and waiting for the FSL report since her viscera was sent for scientific test to make sure that there was no sedative or any other suspicious liquid content in her stomach,\" police said. However, using her emails and other call details as evidence, investigating officials concluded that it was a case of suicide.Forensic doctors who carried out the postmortem said that her right lung and liver were ruptured and that led to her death. \"Because of the fall , the ribs had punctured the lung. Most of her injuries were on the right side of the body. The pattern of injuries was indicative of falling from a height. Her ribs were fractured both on the chest and side,\" said Dr Vikram Aditya, assistant professor at Gandhi hospital, who conducted the post-mortem. He said apart from the injuries she sustained due to the fall, there were no other marks on her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15442998", "title": "\u2018Didi\u2019 too informal for government", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee may be Didi to everyone, but apparently not her own officials. Chief secretary Samar Ghosh has show-caused an assistant engineer in Bolpur for addressing the CM as Didi at an official meeting.Many officers at the secretariat feel the assistant engineer was treated rather harshly \u2014 after all, the CM did tie rakhis to government staff on Raksha Bandhan, barely a week ago. Some other officials, however, point out that it is improper for any government employee to address the CM as Didi at an official meeting. Chennai secretariat officials told TOI that though Jayalalithaa is popularly known as Amma, they address her as 'Madam' and none dare call her Amma while on duty.Sources say that the goof-up happened at a meeting of the Bolpur administration, chaired by the CM, on July 27. As it started, officials were asked to introduce themselves to Mamata. While most stated their names and designations, some started by greeting the CM with a \"good morning\". But a middle-aged assistant engineer fumbled for words, clearly overawed by the moment. When his turn came, he stood up, turned to the chief minister and said: \"Nomoskar Didi. Amar naam ...\"Though the CM did not take notice of it immediately, being habituated to being addressed as Didi for over 20 years, chief secretary Samar Ghosh took exception to it. He ordered a show-cause notice on the engineer for breach of discipline and protocol. He felt it was improper to address the CM as Didi at a government meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15440604", "title": "South Indian filmmaker starts shooting for Assamese film", "text": "GUWAHATI: After giving a number of south Indian hits, Malayalam filmmaker Mani C Kappen's Okay Productions is working on a new venture 'Baralar Ghar', which will have an interesting blend of Assamese and Bengali lifestyles.The shooting for the film 'Baralar Ghar' will kick off from Saturday in Guwahati and its outskirts, but the film unit is likely to move to West Bengal for shooting some scenes, said advisor of the film Manju Borah, who is also a national award-winning filmmaker from Assam.\"Audiences want something different and fresh. Our new film is going to be really special as it is a blend of Assamese and Bengali cultures. It is about an Assamese boy, who brings his Bengali spouse to his paternal home in Assam. Since the boy cannot tell his conservative parents about his wife, he tells them that the girl is a maid. The story a very interesting and the audiences of Assam will surely like it surely,\" said Kappen.He said budget of the film will be Rs 80 lakh, considering the shrinking numbers of movie theatres in Assam. The comedy film will have Assamese, Bengali and Malayali actors in it.Actors Nipon Goswami, Purnima Saikia, Bishnu Khargharia, Utpal Das and Sreelekha Mukharji will play leading roles in the film. Kappen is also playing an important role in the film.\"The film has been conceived by Kappen. The south Indian films and stories are very strong and powerful. I hope the audience accepts the film,\" said Manju Borah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441831", "title": "Over 50% of funds under youth scheme goes to Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi may account for just 1% of India's youth population but this hasn't stopped the city from cornering a lion's share of the funds meant for development of this segment of population. For the past three consecutive years, over 50% of the funds released under National Programme for Youth and Adolescent Development (NPYAD) scheme has gone to Delhi.This was disclosed by minister for sports and youth affairs Ajay Maken in a reply to BJP's Rajya Sabha MP Smriti Irani on Thursday. The minister said under NPYAD scheme, Delhi got Rs 12.32 crore in 2009-10 out of the total national outlay of Rs 22.69 crore. It was no different the next year -- while Rs 26.37 crore was released for the 26 states and UTs, Delhi got Rs 17.69 crore.Similarly, in 2011-12, Delhi's share was more than half of the amount released for all states and UTs. The national capital, from where Maken has been elected to the Lok Sabha, got Rs 13.96 crore out of Rs 22.33 crore outlay. Nine states, including Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Gujarat and Haryana, did not get a single penny under this scheme during the last financial year.Only Karnataka and Assam saw substantial increase in their share between 2009 and 2012.Under the NPYAD scheme, the Centre provides financial assistance to states for holding youth programmes and activities. These activities include youth leadership, personality development, promotion of national integration and adventure.Government sources said the central assistance comes only after states submit their plans duly approved by the Union ministry. \"There are chances that many states might not have forwarded proposals or would have sent inappropriate proposals,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441844", "title": "Deshmukh's portfolios given to Vayalar Ravi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ministerial charge of ailing Vilasrao Deshmukh has been given to overseas Indian affairs minister Vayalar Ravi .Deshmukh held the ministry of science and technology while the portfolio of micro, small and medium enterprises was given to him following Virbhadra Singh's resignation over graft charges.Deshmukh is admitted in a Chennai hospital with a serious ailment. An official communique said he would continue as minister without portfolio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "manila/kozhikode", "code": "15443202", "title": "Indian flees al-Qaida-linked captors in Philippines", "text": "MANILA/KOZHIKODE: After 14 months in captivity, an Indian national abducted by al-Qaida linked Abu Sayyaf militants in southern Philippines on Friday escaped from his captors while they were sleeping after fasting for Ramzan.Kolaraveettil Biju, 36, from Kerala, who worked as an operations manager for a garment company in Kuwait, was abducted by the militants in Sulu province in the Philippines in June 2011 while visiting his Filipino wife's family in Patikul.He escaped and was found by residents of a Parang village, before dawn, senior superintendent Antonio Freyra, Sulu police chief, said.\"The kidnappers were resting. They had been fasting (for Ramzan) and they got tired and fell asleep, so he slipped away,\" Freyra was quoted as saying by the media.Biju, who said he lost 20 kg in captivity, \"is now in the custody of the Sulu provincial police office. and is undergoing medical check up,\" Freyra said.In March, the Sulu police said it got information that Biju was executed by the Abu Sayyaf because his family could not pay ransom. The kidnappers had demanded about $7,100 in ransom, but his family refused to pay. He said he was not harmed because he is a Muslim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15442859", "title": "In Andhra Pradesh, 22 women go missing every day", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hinting at the existence of a large-scale human trafficking network, state police have found that at least 22 women and girls have gone missing every day in the state this year. In what is a matter of great concern, the total number of women and girls that have gone missing in the state in the last four years stands at a staggering 23,760.The combined data collected by state police and the women and child welfare department clearly hints towards rampant trafficking in women and girl children in the state. A total of 47,181 persons have gone missing in the state since 2009 including 16,787 children and 12,882 women.Of the total number of missing children in the state since 2009, about 66% (10,938) are girls. And, the number of missing girls seems to be only increasing as, till July 2012, another 2,786 children have gone missing with over 70% of them (1,955) girls. That means that about 10 girls go missing each day. Similarly, 2,519 women were missing till July this year, which means every day 12 women go missing.The alarming fact is the number of women and girls that remain missing in government records in the past four years. Since 2009, a total of 23,760 girls and women have gone missing in the state and they are yet to be traced. This hints at the possibility of these victims being caught in the clutches of human traffickers.To help the family-members track down these missing persons, police have launched a website displaying their case details \u2014 http://missingperson.ap.nic.in. Explaining the usefulness of the web portal, additional DG VSK Kaumudi said that one can search for the missing or found person's details on the said website and approach the concerned police station or other government agency for further assistance. The website also features the details of unidentified bodies.Apparently, railway police find many of these missing children at railway stations and, with the help of NGOs, either rehabilitate or hand them over to family-members.\"If someone finds a missing boy or girl, they can upload the photograph on the website with the person's details after cross-checking the same on the missing persons list. We hope that this facility will help some missing persons to reunite with their families,\" the ADG said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441256", "title": "Barapullah\u2019s second slip road to open next week", "text": "NEW DELHI: Soon, you can zip from Lala Lajpat Rai Marg to east Delhi via the Barapullah elevated road. The slip road above Sunehri Nala \u2014 an access point for traffic entering the Marg from ITO and going towards the elevated road \u2014 is expected to open to the public by Tuesday, said PWD officials.\"Those travelling from ITO along Lala Lajpat Rai Marg will be able to get on to the elevated road via a loop near Aman Hotel and can drive down to Sarai Kale Khan avoiding traffic on Ring Road. The work is over barring some finishing touches which will be added this weekend,\" said a senior PWD officer connected with the project.With this, the elevated road will have three entry and three exit points. Motorists coming from east Delhi and heading towards the south can enter the elevated road near Sarai Kale Khan. Those travelling to east Delhi can get on near Lodhi Road. The two additional loops over Kushak Nala and Sunehri Nala provide exit and entry points to Lala Lajpat Rai Marg.Meanwhile, in the second phase of the Barapullah project, PWD has proposed to link the elevated road to Ashram and DND. The road will also be extended from JLN stadium to INA Market. The project, with an estimated of Rs 530 crore, has received the cabinet approval.\"Phase II will enhance free flow of traffic by easing congestion on Ring Road at Ashram, Mathura Road, Bhairon Road, Lala Lajpat Rai Marg and other arterial roads. The extension will also connect NH-24 with NH-8,\" said a senior PWD official.This proposed road will run from Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium to Aurobindo Marg (INA Market) with additional connectivity at Ring Road, Lala Lajpat Rai Marg, Bhishm Pitamah Marg and Aurobindo Marg. \"Under phase II, we have planned to construct more slip roads so that commuters can access the elevated road from various places. Slip roads will connect the road with Ashram and DND. Two more slip roads will come up at Lala Lajpat Rai Marg besides the two which are being constructed right now,\" added the official.The proposed slip roads will enable traffic movement from JLN stadium to Lala Lajpat Rai Marg, and ease traffic going towards Oberoi Hotel, said officials. The 2.5km extension of Barapullah road will have a six-lane (restricted) divided carriageway. \"We will provide two additional links to the elevated road for people travelling to and from DND and Ashram,\" said a senior PWD official.While the width of the three-lane carriageway will be nine metres, the structural arrangement will be similar to the elevated road constructed under Phase 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15442819", "title": "State governments must show political will to stop AT&C; losses and power theft", "text": "Reduction of AT&C; losses in the power sector, or what were earlier called transmission and distribution losses, is a task that has not received sufficient attention so far. If more than a quarter of all power generated is lost in transit, or more likely stolen, it is the law-abiding, bill-paying consumer who is forced to bear the burden of this loss. It is good that the government is talking about drastically reducing this figure, but what counts is walking the talk. State governments must show political will and police forces must cooperate with power distributing agencies if this talk is to be translated into reality, and it must be.Related story : 27% of power goes waste, Moily says", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15443613", "title": "0001 pips 0007, 0009 for big ticket auction", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After it was bought for a record price of Rs 26.05 lakh on Thursday, the registration number 0001 is back in vogue after it lost out to 0007 and 0009 as the top choice of vehicle owners in the city. The craze for vanity numbers has only grown in recent years in the city.According to the records of auction conducted by the Registration and Licensing Authority ( RLA), during the auction of CH01AG, CH01AK and CH01AL series, 0001 did not find a place among the favourite numbers.In CH01AG, 0009 emerged as a top choice for which bidder paid Rs 1.6 lakh and 0001 was auctioned for Rs 1.4 lakh. Similarly, during the auction of vanity numbers of CH01AK and CH01AL series, 0007 and 4444 clinched the highest amount of Rs 4.21 lakh and Rs 7.75 lakh, respectively. Here, 0001 went for in Rs 3.10 and Rs 5.58 lakh, respectively.After that the craze of 0001 emerged tremendously, the first number of CH01AM, CH01AN, CH01AP not only received the highest amount, but set records in these three consequent series. The bidders paid Rs 9.05 lakh, Rs 17 lakh and Rs 26.5 lakh, respectively, to take the first number of the series.When asked a senior official of the Registration and Licensing Authority said, \"The craze of choice numbers has been increasing with each series. Recently, we have been getting 8 to 10 applications for various vanity numbers for the auction. But the trend keeps on changing. As earlier, other numbers like 0007, 4444 were sold for highest amount rather than 0001. But the first number seems to back again.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15442127", "title": "Sports at primary level in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: In India, \"catch them young\", has never been the sports motto. That could change in the near future.The state government is set to introduce sports and games at the primary school level, giving children in the 1,227 primary schools in the state-government and private-an early competitive edge.The directorate of sports and youth affairs (DSYA) organizes sports competitions in 28 disciplines through the year for high schools and higher secondary schools. Starting next academic year, the directorate will start competitions for primary schools as well, making it the first state in the country to introduce such a move.\"The idea is about participation more than competition. We need to inculcate the idea of sports in the child at a very young age and then watch them grow. If we have competitions for them, we can really create an interest (in sports) at a young age,\" DSYA director VM Prabhudesai said.The state government has identified several disciplines in which competitions could be held for primary schools. Football, for one, will be a certainty while athletics, gymnastics, tennikoit and skipping-a regular recognized sport now-is also part of the competition list.In athletics, for example, there will be competitions in shuttle run, short sprints, jumps, throws and various other sub events.The competitions will not be held in more than 10 disciplines at least in the first year.\"The emphasis will be more on developing the children's intent and liking for a particular sport. We will introduce games that do not have high intensity and where the children do not have to exert much. We will try and make the experience an enjoyable one,\" Prabhudesai said.With sports minister Ramesh Tawadkar himself a former physical education teacher, it is no surprise that the state government is approaching sports with a new outlook, as seen from the eyes of a physical education teacher. According to Prabhudesai, the government is in the process of appointing physical education teachers in 51 primary schools which have a strength of more than 90 students.It could not be ascertained whether primary schools will be included in the sports policy modifications, but once the plans are in place, the directorate of sports will move towards appointing a physical education teacher for every 300 students and make physical education one of the optional academic subjects on par with others with strict evaluation, as provided in the approved sports policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "15446239", "title": "About 130 Pakistani Hindus to cross the Wagah border into India", "text": "LAHORE: About 130 members of a group of Pakistani Hindus travelling to India on a month-long pilgrimage are set to cross the Wagah land border today, authorities said.After clearance from the Interior Ministry, immigration authorities yesterday began allowing the group of some 250 Hindus to cross the border yesterday.About 115 Hindus walked across the frontier yesterday before the crossing was closed for the day.Despite possessing valid travel documents, the Hindus were virtually detained by immigration authorities for about seven hours yesterday following reports in the electronic media that they intended to migrate to India.The Hindus belong to Balochistan and Sindh provinces, where the minority community has been the target of extortions, kidnapping for ransom and forced conversions.\"Some 115 Hindus left for India on Friday and remaining will go today as there is no bar on their travel,\" Fraz Abbas, a Deputy Director of the Evacuee Trust Property Board told PTI.The ETPB is responsible for managing the shrines of Pakistan's minority communities.After reports emerged that 250 Hindus from Sindh and Balochistan intended to migrate on the pretext of travelling to India for a pilgrimage, Interior Minister Rehman Malik claimed the development was a conspiracy to defame Pakistan.The Hindus were allowed to cross the border after representatives of the community assured the government that they would return following the pilgrimage, he said.President Asif Ali Zardari yesterday took serious notice of reports of a \"sense of insecurity\" among Pakistani Hindu families and directed authorities to allay the minority community's grievances.He asked authorities in Sindh to assess the situation and to submit a report to him.The President also constituted a three-member committee of parliamentarians to visit different parts of Sindh to express solidarity with Hindus and to reassure them about their security.The committee includes federal minister Moula Bakhsh Chandio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15443596", "title": "Mohanlal attends Territorial Army training camp", "text": "KANNUR: It was a hectic training break, far away from the arch lights, for superstar Mohanlal at the 122 Infantry Battalion of the Territorial Army (TA) in Kannur on Friday. For, he was there not as an actor, but as a Lt Col (honorary) who came to attend the annual refresher training programme for two days.\"I enjoy this army uniform a lot, and I am proud to wear this. It is by God's grace that I got such a chance,\" he said after reaching the camp in the morning.The actor, who was inducted into the Army as a brand ambassador, was accorded a warm welcome at the battalion by commanding officer Col B S Bali, other officers and ranks of the unit at 9.45am.The actor, who was accompanied by film director Major Ravi, also attended a pooja in the compound.Col Mohanlal was given a briefing about the functions of the TA and the modes of training. Later, he also participated in a cultural programme organized by the family members of the staff in the battalion. Also, Mohanlal had earlier planned to participate in a friendly football match in the evening between the TA battalion team and the police team, but he kept away from the match due to the rain. However, the superstar was there to cheer the teams.\"Though I wanted to spend some more time in the battalion, I am unable to stay for longer as my mother is not keeping well,\" said the actor.His physical arm training would he held on Saturday, with a marathon at 6am. Later, he would undergo different training sessions, including an arms training, till afternoon.The superstar was sporting a beard and when it was pointed out, he said it was part of an ayurvedic treatment.This is for the second time the star is attending a training programme here. He had attended a three-day post-commissioning training in March 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15445961", "title": "Ganga Jamuna Saraswati to make history", "text": "The eagerly awaited Bhojpuri film 'Ganga Jamuna Saraswati' produced by Alok Kumar and directed by Harry Fernandes is going to create history on the Bhojpuri screen. The biggest Bhojpuri film till date has all the three super stars Ravi Kishan, Manoj Tiwari, and Dinesh Lal Yadav Nirahua coming together for the first time in any film. The three lead actresses Rani Chatterjee, Rinku Ghosh, and Pakhi Hegde are giving them company. Other stars are Awadhesh Mishra, Anoop Arora, Vijay Krishna Chaturvedi, Maya Yadav and Teenu Verma.The first look of the film was released recently and got a good response from the viewers. The promo shown on YouTube and UFO are also drawing tremendous fan following. The audio released by T-series is also doing remarkably good.The film is planned to be released simultaneously in 150 cinema halls in India at one go.Source: bhojpuri.co", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15442582", "title": "Bhagwat rates Bihar ahead of Modi's Gujarat in governance?", "text": "NEW DELHI: RSS has added grist to the mill to the Nitish Kumar versus Narendra Modi debate when its chief Mohan Bhagwat reportedly rated Bihar's performance ahead of Gujarat.At an interaction with foreign correspondents here on Thursday, Bhagwat was asked which state governments are role models of good goveranace.\"Bihar, Gujarat, Chhattisgarh to some extent, MP to some extent, some parts of Maharashtra,\" he responded, according to one of those present at the interaction.Asked \"Bihar first\", he said, \"aisa log kahte hain (this is what people say).\"When asked to comment on this, RSS spokesman Manmohan Vaidya merely said, \"the story about Shri Mohanji Bhagwat doing rounds in media today is totally false.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "15440785", "title": "Activists demand flood relief for victims of forest villages", "text": "DIBRUGARH: Hundreds of activists of the Krishak Mukti Sangram Samity (KMSS), Takam Mising Porin Kebang (TMPK) and Nari Mukti Sangram Samity ( NMSS) staged a demonstration in front of the office of the deputy commissioner here on Friday.The organizations were protesting against the lack of measures taken by the government to compensate and rehabilitate the flood-affected people of two forest villages located inside Dibru-Saikhowa National Park in Tinsukia district.According to records, the two forest villages Laika and Dodhia, located within the precincts of the protected park, with an area of approximately 238 and 135 hectares respectively, is home to around 10,000 families, mostly belonging to the Mising community.In 1986, Dibru-Saikhow, with an area of 340 sq km was declared as a wildlife sanctuary and in 1999, the bio-diversity hot spot was declared as a national park. Since then the two villages have posed a problem for the park authorities because as per law no human habitat can exist inside a national park. tnnThe plan to relocate the people from the core zone of the park has not been successful so far.KMSS president Raju Bora said around 3,000 families from the two villages were displaced during the recent floods and were staying in various relief camps. He alleged that no measures have been taken to compensate and rehabilitate the affected people who have lost their homes, land, crops and livestock in the two villages.The agitators later sent a memorandum to chief minister Tarun Gogoi demanding proper compensation and rehabilitation of the flood-affected people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15445902", "title": "CM bats to upgrade quality of life in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Works for beautification of space underneath flyovers in Mumbai will be taken up on priority basis.Stating that the practice of allowing parking of vehicles beneath such elevated roads will be discontinued, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan announced the plan to initiate beautification works.He was addressing a gathering at a function of inauguration of a flyover at Kurla on Friday evening. The work marks the completion marks of a vital phase of the Santacruz Chembur Link Road (SCLR) late Friday evening.Chavan also said that infrastructure projects made for upgrading the quality of life in Mumbai will be taken up on priority.The 565-m long two-lane flyover is expected to help decongest traffic along the LBS Marg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15445680", "title": "Will not hold talks with any political party: Pakistan Taliban", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The Pakistani Taliban have described the government as \"liberal and secular\" and said they will not hold talks with any political party, including the Awami National Party that rules the northwestern Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province.Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan spokesman Ihsanullah Ihsan told reporters in the northwest yesterday that an offer of talks from the ANP was misleading and that the militants considered the incumbent rulers liberals and secular and thus \"not sincere to the cause of Islam\".Ihsan, who spoke to the reporters on phone from an undisclosed location, claimed the leaders of Pakistan's ruling coalition, including those from the ANP, were \"slaves to the US and not independent in their decisions\".The spokesman claimed that the Taliban continued to be a formidable force in South Waziristan and their capacity to carry out attacks across the country was still intact.The Taliban are still at war with Pakistani security forces and militants had carried out attacks in various cities, he said.He further said that attacks on vehicles carrying supplies for Nato forces in Afghanistan would not stop.Ihsan claimed that the Taliban had reverence for the Islamic holy month of Ramazan and were fighting only in self-defence during this period.He dispelled the impression that there was a rift within the Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan and said there were no differences between Hakimullah Mahsud, the organisation's chief, and Waliur Rahman, the commander in South Waziristan.He accused intelligence agencies of planning violence at public places to defame the Taliban and claimed the militants were not carrying out bomb attacks on public gatherings and markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15440969", "title": "Bike thief lynched to death in Khunti village", "text": "RANCHI: A bike-lifter was lynched at Bedadih village in Khunti district on Friday afternoon after he was caught red-handed by villagers while stealing a motorcycle. Dulka Pahan, 25, along with Mongo Nag, lifted the bike from the courtyard of Hari Singh Munda.Pahan was a resident of nearby Ulidih village. \"As none of the culprits knew to drive the bike, they pushed it for around seven km from Bedadih.A group of 1,000 villagers encircled them in the jungles. While Nag escaped, Pahan was caught and thrashed badly that led to his instant death,\" said circle officer Namkum police station Ashok Tirkey. None was detained in this connection. No FIR was lodged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15441946", "title": "BBMP staff call off their strike for now", "text": "BANGALORE: BBMP employees called off their protest temporarily on Friday evening following the mayor's assurance that their grievances, mainly about BMTF, would be legally resolved.However, it may not be until Saturday that piled-up garbage is finally cleared. The protest against alleged BMTF police harassment of BBMP engineers had paralysed work at BBMP zonal offices. Citizens were put to great inconvenience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15448210", "title": "Gurez residents demand eco-tourism activities", "text": "SRINAGAR: The residents of Gurez valley, located near the Line of Control (LoC) in north Kashmir, have made a strong plea for opening up the area to eco-tourism activities and construction of a tunnel to ensure connectivity with the rest of the country during winter months.The demand was made by a delegation led by local MLA Nazir Ahmad Gurezi yesterday, during a meeting with the Committee on Environment of Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Assembly at the Tourist Reception Centre in Gurez, an official spokesman said here today.\"We demand promotion of Gurez as an eco-tourism destination due to its huge scope for adventure tourism,\" the residents said.Expressing grave concern over the condition of the road connecting Gurez with other parts of the state through Bandipora district headquarters, the delegation sought its improvement and strongly pleaded for construction of a tunnel from Dawar to Gurez, the spokesman said.Gurez usually remains cut off from rest of the valley during the winter months owing to heavy snowfall.The delegation also expressed its displeasure over the malfunctioning communication system in the area.While appreciating the Army's role in countering difficulties that arise from these challenges, the delegation stressed the need for minimising frisking by them to ensure free flow of tourists.It also demanded jobs in dam projects, particularly the Kishanganga Hydroelectric Project, the spokesman said.The three-member committee, headed by CPM legislator M Y Tarigami, sought detailed information from them about the number of locals, both skilled and unskilled, employed in the project.The Committee said the tourism potential of Gurez can be exploited, which would boost the economic condition of the people of the sub-division.\"The tourism promotion be managed and operated through public participation which will directly benefit the local community,\" the committee observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15443572", "title": "Malayali held captive in Philippines released", "text": "KOZHIKODE: After a 14-month ordeal, a Malayali abducted by a terrorist group in the Philippines in June last year, has been freed, his family members said on Friday.Thirty-six-year-old Kolaraveettil Biju, working as an operation manager in a garment factory at Kuwait , was abducted by a terror group from Sulu province in the Philippines while he was at his wife's house, the family members said.\"Biju telephoned us at about 2.45am informing that he has been released by the captors,\" Biju's father Narayanan said.Shybu, brother of Biju, said he too had spoken to him. \"At present Biju is at the police headquarters in Philippines after medical check-up,\" he said.Meanwhile, the chief minister's office said the Union minister for overseas affairs Vayalar Ravi has been asked to take steps to bring Biju back to Kerala as soon as possible. Chief minister Oommen Chandy spoke to Biju on Friday and assured him all help to return to India. It is expected that Biju would be handed over to the Indian embassy by Sunday after completing procedures.Biju, who has two children, had last visited his native place Moodadi, about six km from Koilandy in Kozhikode district, in June last year.Earlier, the Philippines police had informed Indian authorities that Abu Sayyaf militants took Biju at gunpoint from the coastal town of Patikul, a predominantly Muslim province. Months later, the police said Biju was killed. But his wife Elena, a Filipina, had contested the claim and said Biju was safe but in the custody of the extremist group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15432320", "title": "An actress has a shelf life, says Vikram Bhatt", "text": "Director Vikram Bhatt, whose forthcoming film 'Raaz 3' apparently has references of his relationship with actress Ameesha Patel, says, he understands the pain of an actress who rises to fame and the sudden downfall.\"I have these memories of a girl (Ameesha) who was fighting hard to bring back the time gone by and I too was having my struggle with the bad phase. So it is not just about her, it is also about me. But, luckily I was able to re-invent myself because I am a director, who doesn't have a shelf life,\" Vikram told PTI, without accepting or denying that Bipasha's role in 'Raaz 3' was inspired by Ameesha's life.In 'Raaz 3', Bipasha plays an actress who is at the top of her career and sees a sudden downfall with another budding actress, Esha Gupta, taking her place. To regain her position in the industry, Bipasha resorts to black magic. Emraan Hashmi plays the role of a director in the movie.Earlier, noted Bollywood director-producer Mahesh Bhatt had said that 'Raaz 3' contains a slice from Bipasha Basu's life.\"It also coincides with Bipasha Basu's life where she is feeling the breath of extinction as the younger girls have come in who may elbow her out,\" Mahesh had said.Vikram also said somewhere the film's story coincides with that of Bipasha Basu , himself and writer Shagufta Rafique. However, the 43-year-old director did not divulge much on it, and only mentioned that there is a \"surprise element\" in the film.An actress has shelf life and that is the unfortunate part, he said.\"The case with an actress is that she has a shelf life. And that is the unfortunate part. Like Ameesha, even Preity (Zinta) faced similar problems. I feel Hindi film heroes cannot age anytime. Like Aamir Khan today does films with younger actresses,\" Vikram said.\"Today Aamir is 47-year-old but he can play a college student in '3 Idiots' but we will not accept Madhuri Dixit that way. It is unfortunate that actress is used only for glamour quotient,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15441159", "title": "200 Sabar families living without power", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Notwithstanding the tall claims of the state government about ensuring all facilities to the minority primitive Sabar tribals, about 200 families are reeling under darkness for several months in the Maoist-hit Patamda block of East Singhbhum.The apathetic attitude of the state electricity board officials is believed to be the cause behind the sorry state of affairs. The block is about 30 km from the scenic Dimna Lake.About 200 Sabar families are without electricity for the past three months. Transformers have broken down in three places under the Jorsa panchayat of the block. Ward number five in Tola Birkham, ward number seven and Sabartola have been hit.\"For long we have been demanding the replacement of the existing 63 KV transformer with a 100 KV transformer but there's been no response,\" said Subal Chandra Das, 45, a resident of Jorsa panchayat.The locals complained that normal life comes to a standstill in the panchayat after sunset as it becomes impossible to move around in the area in the dark. Ration shops, commodity sellers and betel shops avoid doing business in the dark. \"We prefer doing business in the day because of the power situation,\" said a ration shop owner who has his unit a few meters away from the Patamda police station. Interestingly, Patamda block houses Jugsalai assembly constituency, which is theCM Arjun Munda's voting constituency.\"The previous agency that was assigned the job (of repairing the rundown transformers) didn't do the job effectively. However, I have asked the officials concerned to take up the matter on a priority basis and I am hopeful electricity will be restored in the next three to four days,\" said the Jharkhand State Electricity Board, Jamshedpur circle, SDO in-charge, Biseshwar Marandi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15446013", "title": "'If you don\u2019t like ilish paturi, you can\u2019t be a Bangali'", "text": "Ilish paturi is to Bangalis what cricket is to the nation. As rains take over, it's drizzling romance with the magnificent hilsa. TOI unwraps a few love storiesDEV, ACTOR As a child, I wasn't too fond of ilish. But now, it is my first love and I thank ma for initiating me into yummy hilsa dishes. I still remember it was a rainy afternoon when Cupid struck. I was shooting for \"I Love You\" and the schedule got cancelled because of bad weather. I went home to have lunch with ma. The menu that day was bhaat and ilish paturi. I was rather disheartened because the bones in hilsa need trained eating. But ma insisted that I taste the dish once. And then, there was love...JEET, ACTOR All the women in my house \u2014 my mother, two bhabis, Upasana and Bhavna, and even my wife, Mohna \u2014 make amazing ilish paturi. One of my friends, Tablu, is also an expert paturi maker. And I am a huge fan of this delicacy. I love the smell of banana leaves in which the fish comes wrapped. I prefer ilish paturiwith steamed rice. The flavour of the fish and the rice complement each other, making you yearn for more. And more.KOEL, ACTOR I love ilish and all preparations made with the fish. The very mention of ilish paturi makes my mouth water. I look forward to the rainy season just to savour hilsa. I also love the smell of the mustard and chillies that start wafting in the air the moment you unwrap the banana leaves. My mother makes yummy paturi and the day she cooks it, my diet goes for a toss. Jomiye bhaat aar ilish maachher paturi \u2014 can life get any better?RAJ , DIRECTOR I can never have enough of ilish maachh. And paturiis what I love the most. My mom makes boneless paturi \u2014 the best in the world. At times, she uses pumpkin leaves instead of banana leaves to wrap the hilsa while making paturi and it tastes heavenly. I too had tried my hand at making hilsa paturi once and my parents were thoroughly impressed. But savouring mom-made paturi is what I enjoy the most.RITUPARNA, ACTOR I can survive on hilsa for days on end. And ilish maachher paturi is to die for. I still remember how I would pick up fights with my brother over the bigger piece of ilish paturi during childhood. To annoy my mother, I still tell her how she would give my bro the larger piece. My husband, Sanjay, too is fond of paturi and he loves it when ma prepares the dish for him.PAOLI, ACTOR If you don't like ilish paturi, you can't be a Bangali. Every monsoon, I try preparing hilsa delicacies \u2014 stuff that I have learnt from my grandmother. From buying the fish to choosing banana leaves and making the mustard paste, I do it all by myself. It's a huge hit with my friends and family.COMPILED BY RUMAN GANGULY", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15447102", "title": "'Willy Wonka' director Mel Stuart dies at 83", "text": "Mel Stuart, the director of the beloved childhood classic 'Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory', died on Thursday night of cancer at his home in Los Angeles . He was 83.His family said he died at his Beverly Hills home.He began his career mainly directing documentaries, the 1971 adaptation of Roald Dahl's book was Stuart's second feature film.He got nominated for an Oscar in 1965 for his documentary, 'Four Days in November' , regarding the assassination of John F Kennedy .According to his own website, he made more than 180 films.However, he was best known for children classic ' Willy Wonka' and the 'Chocolate Factory ', starring Gene Wilder .He decided to helm the ambitious musical fantasy after his 11-year-old daughter asked him to make a movie of the book she loved. She was also given a cameo in the film, along with her brother.Julie Dawn Cole, who essayed the character of Veruca Salt in the movie, told the BBC that she had \"fond memories\" of working with Stuart.\"He always said he didn't like kids and that he made a movie for adults that he hoped kids would like,\" she said.\"He created an amazing film that has lasted and endured against all odds as it wasn't popular at the time,\" she said.The actress last saw the legendary director in October in New York when the cast reunited for the film's 40th anniversary.\"He was on form - barking orders as he always had done, organising a photoshoot,\" she said.\"I'm glad I saw him last year - it's one hell of a legacy to leave,\" she said.The Omen screenwriter David Seltzer, who got his break from Stuart at the age of 26, said that he was \"a mentor by way of drill sergeant, much-feared boss and much-loved friend\".Born in New York, Stuart had originally aspired to be a composer, but after university decided to instead pursue a career as a filmmaker.During the 1960s and 1970s, he worked with award-winner David Wolper's production company and made dozens of documentary films.Stuart's films included three editions of 'The Making of the President' , 'Rise and Fall of the Third Reich' and the groundbreaking film 'Wattstax' , which focused on Los Angeles' black Watts community in the aftermath of the 1965 riots.After quitting the Wolper Organisation in 1977, Stuart went on to independently direct and produce numerous other documentaries like 'AFI's 100 Years-100 Movies', 'Inside the KGB' and the 'Ripley's Believe It or Not' TV series.He is survived by his wife, Roberta and three children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15442581", "title": "Cash-for-bail scam: ACB trying to protect law minister, arrested district judge K Lakshminarasimha Rao says", "text": "HYDERABAD: Arrested district judge K Lakshminarasimha Rao filed a petition in the high court on Friday urging it to transfer the cash-for-bail scam case to the CBI alleging that the ACB was trying to protect law minister Erasu Pratap Reddy.In his petition, Rao said that the role of the law minister had come to the fore when the case first surfaced two months ago.However, the ACB and particularly its joint director Sampath Kumar, have not yet taken any action against him so far as they are trying their best to protect him, he alleged.The ACB is investigating into the case with the help of its legal advisors Ramana Prasad and Basavaiah, both of whom are there because of the law minister, he said.Even ACB joint director Sampath Kumar is continuing in service at the mercy of the state as it is a post-retirement stint for him, Lakshminarasimha Rao said.The former judge also alleged that Pattabhirama Rao, the arrested CBI judge who had granted bail to mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy, was being used to implicate him in the case. Rao urged the court to declare the ongoing ACB probe into the case as illegal apart from staying the same immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15442481", "title": "Few takers for drive to address plaints", "text": "NASHIK: The response to the weekly grievance redressal exercise undertaken by the city police two weeks ago has not been as expected. Commissioner of police Kulwant Kumar Sarangal said that the lukewarm response may be because the scheme is new and it may take some time for it to get familiar.Acting on the directive of the state government last month, Sarangal had issued a circular to all the police stations in the city to organize Grievance Redressal Day every Saturday. The objective of this initiative was to make people visit their respective police stations, meet the official in-charge there and put forward their problems.All police stations have been conducting this programme every Saturday morning. By evening, the reports of the day, whether the issues of the aggrieved have been addressed or not, are sent to the deputy commissioner of police.While some police stations have witnessed a steady flow of grievances, others have not seen similar results.A senior police inspector of the Deolali Camp police station informed that the reason for such a low turnout is mainly because knowing that police stations are always open and officials available at all times, people may not be taking out time on a designated day to meet them.Meanwhile, the Ambad police informed that Saturday being a weekly-off for industries, people don't turn up in large numbers. The Ambad police said that all sorts of complaints come in by those aware of the GDR. They said that they got a complaint wherein the concerned person was aggrieved by the stink of garbage near his house and the inaction of the civic department. Even though the issue was not in their power, the officials called up the concerned officer at the civic administration and informed him about the situation.Senior PI Shashikant Mahajan of the Gangapur police station said that they would try to increase awareness among the citizens by putting up boards at different places about the GDR. He said there were many issues pertaining to domestic matters and residential areas, but people were not keen to approach the police. He said that if people started sharing their problems with the police, the police in turn would be placed in a better way to help them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15441363", "title": "Six NCP candidates elected in zonal committee polls", "text": "PUNE: The NCP on Thursday displayed its strength in the zonal committees elections of the Pune Municipal Corporation. Out of the 15 zonal committees of various regional ward offices of the civic body, six NCP candidates were elected as president of these zonal committees.The Congress, even after a miserable performance in the civic elections, managed to bag four committees. The NCP already had four candidates elected unopposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15442682", "title": "Spurt in malaria cases in Hyderabad after heavy rainfall", "text": "HYDERABAD: Heavy rainfall over the last few weeks has led to a spurt in malaria cases in Hyderabad. The state run hospitals in the city are getting 5-10 malaria cases each on a daily basis. Physicians here say the numbers have seen a marked increase during the last two weeks. In July alone, government facilities have recorded 150 cases and around 20-25 cases of malaria are being reported at private hospitals every week from the city as well as the neighbouring districts.This year, the city has so far reported 184 malaria cases (the number of cases is 243 in Greater Hyderabad limits) against 142 cases during the same period last year. Areas along the Musi specially Amberpet, Bahadurpura, Uppuguda, Vattepally have been the worst affected. Moreover, residents of most of the colonies in Toli Chowki, Hakimpet, Seven Tombs, Golconda and Mehdipatnam say they have complained several times about the mosquito menace in the area. \"Overflowing drains and open nalas have led to an increased breeding of mosquitoes in the area. In spite of repeated complaints, no action has been taken,\" said Mohammed Kaleem, a resident of Toli Chowki.Dr K Shankar, superintendent, Fever Hospital said, \"For the last few days, 5-10 cases of malaria are being reported daily. Last week, the number had gone up to 12 cases a day.\"Doctors at Gandhi and Osmania General Hospital said that they are also getting a steady stream of malaria cases on a daily basis. They say choked drains, potholed roads and stagnant water are breeding grounds for mosquitoes that cause the spread of the vector borne disease.A specialist at a private hospital in the city added, \"With the onset of seasonal rain, the mosquito bite related illnesses usually go up. The primary problem is water stagnation.\"GHMC's chief medical officer said a chunk of cases have been reported from Amberpet and the rest of the cases were reported from the Old City and other low lying areas.General physicians said while malaria is in general hazardous, in case of pregnancy, it can be more severe. \"Malaria is more common during pregnancy due to suppression of the immune system and first time mothers are at a greater risk,\" said a specialist. Doctors suggest that apart from keeping the surroundings clean, insecticide-treated mosquito nets are another way to keep mosquitoes away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15440569", "title": "GMC, GMDA start granting permission for residential buildings in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) and the Guwahati Metropolitan Development Authority (GMDA) have started entertaining applications for construction of residential buildings. The bodies had stopped granting building permissions on June 11 after the state government decided to amend the existing building bylaws in the city for better planning.\"Permissions to construct buildings were brought to a halt as the government started formulation of new building bylaws for Guwahati. But this process will take some time as the proposed bill has to be passed in the state assembly first. We received many complaints from the public asking to restart the process of allotting building permissions so the state government at the highest level took the decision to started accepting fresh applications for residential buildings only,\" the newly-appointed GMC commissioner Kavitha Padmanabhan said.She, however, clarified that applications seeking permission for residential buildings in the hilly areas and eco-sensitive zones will not be entertained. Padmanabhan said for the time being, permission upto ground plus two level will be given. \"The government is yet to decide on giving building permission to high-rise buildings,\" she added.Sources in the GMC said the civic body will also start entertaining applications for commercial buildings shortly. The GMDA is already entertaining applications for residential buildings from August 2, but not beyond ground plus two level as per the guidelines of the state government.Meanwhile, members of real estate developing agencies and consultants appealed the state government to restart giving permission for constructing all kinds of buildings. \"Every citizen with land of his own has a right to construct buildings. We are happy that the GMC and the GMDA have started entertaining applications for residential buildings. Hopefully, the government agencies will also start accepting applications for all kinds of buildings soon,\" said Guwahati-based consultant engineer, JN Khataniar.However, he urged the state government not to grant permission to big projects with multiple high-rise apartments in the city. \"There should be some restrictions while granting building permission in Guwahati as drainage system here needs to be improved. Moreover, availability of underground water and electricity load has to be kept in mind,\" Khataniar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15442148", "title": "House panel calls home secretary, DGP", "text": "PANAJI: The House committee inquiring into the police-politicians-drug mafia nexus has decided to call the home secretary and director general of police to appear before it on August 14.Sources present at the meeting, chaired by Nuvem MLA, Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco, said the committee has asked them to provide details of phone calls of police personnel involved in the case.\"The committee has also decided to collect the phone details of Roy Naik and his personal security officer,\" sources said, adding that only after getting all the necessary details will they summon anybody before the committee.One of the reasons for constituting the committee was to unearth the identity of \"Roy Naik\" and have him questioned by police.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar had described the issue as serious because \"a (former) government minister's son was involved in the nexus\" and announced the committee under Pacheco. The committee is to submit the report a month from the first sitting.Refusing to divulge details of meeting Pacheco said, \"Media will know who will be summoned before the committee.\" MLAs Vishnu Surya Wagh, Michael Lobo, Caetano Silva, Lavu Mamledar were present for the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15441088", "title": "Ranchi students protest against jeans diktat", "text": "RANCHI: A protest march was organized in the state capital to send a message that in a democratic society girls have a right to dress up as per their choice. The march, organized by NGO Wake Up India Foundation, on Friday, emphasized that a change of mindset, not a dress code, is the need of the hour.At the rally, which started from Albert Ekka Chowk and ended at Purulia Road, more than 50 students from various colleges, including St Xavier's and BIT Mesra, raised their voice against the recent threat of acid attacks by a relatively unknown group called Jharkhand Mukti Sangh ( JMS). The students were holding banners that said: 'Those who deny freedom to others do not deserve it themselves.\"Pooja Soora, public relation officer with Wake Up India Foundation, said: \"The recent threat by unidentified groups and the panic among young girls is not a good sign for a democratic country like ours. Girls have a right to move freely and wear clothes of their choice. There is obviously nothing wrong with wearing a salwar suit, but wearing it just because of somebody's diktat is not right.\"Prateek Bhatnagar, a student at BIT Mesra, said: \"We are here to protest against the threat of acid attacks. People forget that girls are a part of the society and they must not be treated like outcasts. Like the boys, they too have all the rights when it comes to wearing dresses of their choice - whether its jeans, top or anything else. Let them decide as it's their life and not dictate and impose unnecessary things on the society.\"St Xaviers College student Vijaya agreed: \"Those who have threatened to change the way girls dress up need to understand that we do not need to alter our clothes, but such rowdy elements need to change their mindset. Wearing clothes of our choice is our fundamental right. This scare and panic created by some elements will not be tolerated. I request all the girls to protest against such threats.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15446288", "title": "Every singer is now a pandit: Shubha Mudgal", "text": "Shubha Mudgal, who was in town recently, says she is now working on an online encyclopedia of musicYou've been to Odisha before. Have you noticed any change in Bhubaneswar during this visit? I haven't had the time to go around much. But what I did notice was that the tourism department here has set up a functional website that's very helpful. It might not be the best looking website but the basic information about festivals and artistes are available there. That's something most other festivals don't have. Moreover, I am glad that Bhubaneswar is organizing theme-based concerts. I performed at the Megha Utsav and there were two other artistes there as well. It was nice to see artistes drawing from their vast repertoire to select compositions that go with the theme. You had recently commented on your microblogging site that \"Well all of us Megh Malhar types are around. But I believe the public prefers Disco vali Anarkali ki Malhar !!! (sic)\" Do we register a tinge of grievance in that tongue-in-cheek comment? Grievances are never part of my life because I can't sit back and simmer. I can protest but then, I am very democratic in my approach. People should get what they like. Truth is that the number of malhar utsavs has gone down considerably this year. I have no issues with large number of people enjoying \"Anarkali.\" But I have a problem with that becoming the only form of musical expression.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15442820", "title": "Chanchalguda inmates to get access to phone facility", "text": "HYDERABAD: Inmates of the Central Prison at Chanchalguda will soon be able to talk to their families on the telephone, from inside the jail. Chanchalguda jail will be the second prison in the state to provide telephone facility for inmates after a similar facility was inaugurated in March this year for inmates of Cherlapalli Central Prison.A room, attached to the jail's administrative block, is being readied to house the telephone facility for the prisoners. However, according to sources, this facility is far from being a roaring success due to the cost factor.Although there are nearly 8,000 prisoners in the jail barely one-third of that number have registered themselves for utilizing the provision.An inmate has to pay Rs 40 for a five-minute call apart from having to shell out Rs 200 per month to avail five times of the calling facility.Prison officials have been encouraging prisoners to register themselves for the utility so that with more inmates showing an interest, the costs may be brought down. The telephone facility is being run by a private operator. Inmates can make calls to two registered numbers which are monitored by jail authorities. Officials, however, are said to be working out ways to set up the facility at Chanchalguda jail with reduced call charges.Hundreds of visitors daily throng the mulaqat room at Chanchalguda jail to meet relatives and acquaintances who are inmates at the facility.Since practically all inmates at the jail are undertrials, they have to be in constant touch with their families or lawyers to discuss their case.There have been instances of inmates smuggling cellphones into the jail, which saw authorities also toying with the idea of installing jammers to check the practice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15443463", "title": "Cash, jewellery worth Rs 9 lakh go missing", "text": "BHOPAL: Cash and jewellery worth around Rs 9 lakh went missing from a house in New Ashoka Garden locality on Friday. The complainant, Dinesh Chandra, who is a clerk with the police headquarters (PHQ) had kept valuables in a box in his house on May 14. However, when he checked it on Friday, he found the valuables were missing.An FIR has been lodged with the Ashoka Garden police station.The police said the complainant has a multi-storied house and he, his wife and a son reside on the first floor of house where the box containing jewellery was kept. He had kept valuables, including nine gold bangles, five gold chains, three rings, 15 silver coins and some other jewellery, besides, Rs 3,000 cash in the box underneath the bed in his bedroom on May 14.The box remained locked after that and Dinesh Chandra had no clue about the theft. The incident came to light only when he opened it on Friday, the police said.The complainant also has a grocery shop on the ground floor of his house. His son, who remains unwell, manages he shop. The house generally remains open in the daytime and the family did not suspect anyone entering the room without their knowledge during the period, the police added.The police suspect role of someone familiar with the family. The complainant has tenants on the second and third floor of his house. Statements are being recorded to get a lead in the incident, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15448741", "title": "52 killed, 46 injured as bus falls into gorge in Himachal Pradesh", "text": "SHIMLA: At least 52 people, including 18 women and two children, were today killed and 46 others injured when an overcrowded private bus veered off the road and fell into a gorge in Himachal Pradesh's Chamba district.The mishap took place near Rajera, 8km from the district headquarters of Chamba, when the bus driver lost control over the vehicle after a tyre burst and it fell into the 250-feet- deep gorge, police said.The 42-seater bus, on its way to Chamba from Dulera, was carrying over 100 passengers with large number of them travelling on the roof of the vehicle when the tragedy struck, they said.As many as 39 people, including the driver, died on the spot, while 13 succumbed to their injuries in the hospital. \"All the bodies have been recovered,\" Chamba deputy commissioner Sunil Chowdhary said.The injured were rushed to a hospital in Chamba where the condition of 12 are stated to be critical.Himachal assembly speaker Tulsi Ram and local MLA BK Chauhan rushed to the spot and supervised the relief and rescue operations.Of the total relief of Rs 1 lakh each announced for the family of the deceased, the district administration distributed immediate relief of Rs 10,000 each to the next of the kin of the victims, while the seriously injured were provided medical aid and relief of Rs 5,000 each.A magisterial enquiry has been instituted to ascertain the cause of the accident, officials said. Chief minister PK Dhumal has expressed grief over the tragedy and directed the local administration to provide relief to the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441591", "title": "Health regulator at hospitals soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you are being charged more or are getting poor quality service at a hospital \u2014 both public and private -- you can soon get your grievance redressed with the government planning to set up a health quality regulator.The regulator, both at the national and state level, is expected to be empowered to audit heath facilities and standards of treatment in hospitals to ensure quality service at reasonable cost.\"There is need for much better regulation of both public and private sector hospitals. I am not talking only of big hospitals but also of hospitals with 10-15 beds,\" Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia said.The proposal, being discussed with health ministry officials and other stakeholders, will be incorporated along with other initiatives in the 12th five-year plan.Ahluwalia also suggested more autonomy for big public sector hospitals, along with strengthening the professional and managerial capability in such hospitals.Denying any move to privatize health services, he said the role of public sector in healthcare would increase in the 12th plan. \"Health will be top-most priority of the government in the next five years. The impression that the commission wants to bring down public spending on health is wrong,\" he said.Ahluwalia admitted that activists' demand to increase health spending to 2.5% of GDP might not be possible due to resource constraints. He, along with Mihir Shah, member in the commission, argued that allocation would be 2.5% if spending on key elements concerning public health like sanitation, drinking water and nutrition were included.\"If you see the government spending only on curative health, then it will not be more than 2%,\" Ahluwalia said, adding that there were capacity constraints to absorb the fund.He said providing free medicines, upgrading all district hospitals to medical colleges and expansion of medical education were priority areas for the government during the 12th plan.Around 100 district hospitals across the country could be upgraded to medical colleges in the next five years to meet the acute shortage of trained doctors and medical staff.A provision to provide free generic medicines is also under consideration for the 12th plan period. The medicines would be purchased by a centralized agency and distributed free to patients across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15443497", "title": "Need to simplify formal education stressed", "text": "INDORE: Educators must ponder over the need to simplify the formal system of education and to rid the country from 'diploma disease.' This was said by Dr B K Passi, ex-vice chairman, National Council of Teacher Education while addressing the inaugural session of the two-day national conference for educators here on Friday. The conference is jointly organized by Choithram School and Choithram Institute of Educational Research and Training at the Manik Bagh campus of the school.\"With the help of a video clip he conveyed how the modern formal education is focused towards creating robots. The gap between formal and informal education needs to be bridged which can be brought about by pupils learning from pupils, teachers and parents from parents,\" he said.While shedding light on 'Reading and Reporting Assessment,' Rajesh Awasthi, principal Choithram School, Manik Bagh, Indore and principal Choithram Institute of Educational Research and Training raised a question whether by reading a report card, teachers, students and parents are able to perceive the performance of their child and define his learning. He shared the assessment rubrics for every subject for assessing students in his school whereby the students are assessed to the criteria mentioned in the rubrics. Satish Motiani, managing trustee, T Choithram Foundation, was the chief guest while Smita Bhargava, programmer coordinator, Choithram Institute of Educational Research and Training welcomed the delegates and briefed them about the conference. An interactive session on 'Assessment - Today and Tomorrow' was also held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15442454", "title": "Madras Week fest to recall little-known public figures", "text": "CHENNAI: Eardley Norton was a barrister with a penchant for penning rhymes while advocate Bashyam Iyengar pored over civil court manuals on his sickbed. At the turn-of-the-century, the Madras high court had both studious practitioners and brilliant lawyers who outperformed their European colleagues. This bit of the city's legal history will be highlighted at this year's Madras Week celebrations, slated to start from August 18.\"That was a decisive period in the history of Madras when a lot of transition happened. I will focus on the first Indians to reach top posts,\" says author and lawyer Suresh Balakrishnan. Madras is not all about Carnatic music and adherence to traditions. The city's professionals in the field of medicine and law are as well known as their counterparts in music and dance. At this year's Madras Week celebrations, to mark the anniversary of the city's founding on August 22, 1639, a few talks will focus on lawyers, doctors and first-generation entrepreneurs.Dr B Biswakumar will talk about the 'Famous Doctors of Madras' on August 19 while entrepreneur-advisor Chandu Nair will lead a panel discussion featuring first generation entrepreneurs two days later. \"It is good to showcase different aspects of the city. And entrepreneurship is big in Chennai,\" says Nair. Historian V Sriram will take participants along three new routes this year, including one along the old fort wall of Madras on August 18. \"I have so far done 27 walks and I don't repeat any routes,\" he says.Film historian Mohan Raman will take people on a walk along Mount Road on August 19 to track the vanished and surviving theatres on the stretch. \"I will start with Sun theatre and cover Safire, Anand and end near LIC where Globe theatre stood,\" says Raman.For details, email to themadrasday@gmail.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai ", "code": "15440931", "title": "Population boost plan gets mixed reactions from Parsis", "text": "MUMBAI : The Planning Commission's scheme to arrest the decline among Parsis has received mixed reactions from the community.A budgetary provision of Rs 2 crore has been made for the scheme, which aims to address the issue of population decline through fertility treatments and awareness campaigns, in the current fiscal.Dr Anahita Pandole, who runs a fertility clinic for the Bombay Parsi Punchayat, said: \"It's an initiative started by the Bombay Parsi Punchayat ten years ago. Young Parsi couples can take advice and treatment which is done at a concessional rate in our clinic. When there is Assisted Reproductive Technology, the chances of twins and triplets are also higher. Every child born is a reason to celebrate. This will encourage young Parsi couples to take advice and start families.\"However, one of the major issues behind the dwindling Parsi population is the inability to find housing at affordable rates. Soli Khodaiji a resident of Lalbaug said, \" Rs 2 crore is not a big sum for the community. I'm not sure how it will be channelized. The fertility aspect for which they are paying will affect the younger group. But youngsters do not marry early. They try to go through the Punchayat to help them buy flats. The process is tedious,\" said Khodaiji.Khodaiji said that in the past, the old timers had built Baugs especially meant for poor Parsis. \"Many people thought it was below their dignity to live in baugs. But now the attitude has changed as rich people owning four cars have homes in baugs and do not want to vacate them. So the genuine poor are at a disadvantage. Regarding the Census data, a lot of Parsis have immigrated and this data needs to be ascertained,\" said Khodaiji.\"A sum of Rs 2 crore will not address the real issue. The biggest problem is housing and late marriages. By the time they get married, the child-bearing age is nearly over. How do they hope to increase the population by pumping in Rs 2 crore?\" asked D Pantaki of Dadar Parsi Colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441186", "title": "Trees felled in Safdarjung Development Area to clean drain, FIR lodged", "text": "NEW DELHI: Twelve Ashoka trees were uprooted in the Safdarjung Development Area on Thursday evening without any permission from the forest department. The trees were planted outside an under-construction building in the area. Based on a complaint by the horticulture department of South Delhi Municipal Corporation, an FIR has been lodged against the owner of the property though the RWA told TOI that they were behind the move. This is in violation of Delhi Preservation of Trees Act, 1994.\"Our zonal office was informed that the Ashoka trees planted outside the property were being uprooted. Our team rushed to the spot and found that 12 trees had been uprooted by the residents. Our officials called the PCR and also filed a complaint at the Safdarjung Enclave police station against the owner,'' said Mukesh Yadav, director, press and information, South Corporation. Police have impounded the JCB that was used to fell the trees.The RWA members admit that they had got the trees uprooted. According to Nishi Nanda, vice-president of the Safdarjung Development Area RWA: \"The trees were planted right above the drain and due to this the drain had got choked and the entire C2 block was suffering. The residents had asked me to get the trees uprooted so that the drain could be cleaned.\" In fact, the owner sent a copy of a letter to TOI, dated August 8, 2012, purportedly written by the RWA, informing that they were planning to open and clean the drain as the residents were being \"inconvenienced due to blockage of the drain which was covered by the previous owners\". Nanda admitted that no permission had been taken from the forest department.Under the rules, residents have to file a request for uprooting/cutting/ relocation of trees with the corporation's horticulture department. The corporation then forwards the request to the forest department. \"The forest department evaluates the request, and if they feel that the tree is posing a threat to the building or is an obstruction, only then is permission given to either cut or relocate the tree. In this case, the residents never informed us of it,'' said an official of South Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15443444", "title": "Cops pose as customers, rescue girls from racket", "text": "MYSORE: The CID's anti-human trafficking cell, which raided a hotel in Kadakola, about 15 km from Mysore, on Friday to rescue 11 girls from prostitution ring, said their sleuths posed as customers during the raid.The 11 girls - eight from West Bengal and three from Dhaka - and five men were taken into custody. As per preliminary investigation, the hotel owner is said to be Ramaswamy.CID's anti-human trafficking cell DySP G Hanumesh said the accused have been booked under Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act and investigation is on to see if others were involved. The case will be handed over to Mysore South police, the jurisdictional police, for investigation. A team comprising two DySPs - Hanumesh and Shivanna, two inspectors Rajanna and Susheela and staff had come from Bangalore executed the raid.Escape routesML Parashuram, the director of Odanadi, an NGO working for the rehabilitation of sex workers and their children, who is also with the district anti-human trafficking cell, on Friday claimed that of late the hotels involved in flesh trade in Mysore too are creating escape routes like in northern India.In New Delhi, Kolkata and Mumbai, miscreants create holes in walls, lock rooms or hotels after customers enter and have strong entrance gates in buildings to prevent cops from getting easy access. The same modus operandi is being used in Mysore too, claimed Parashuram.The hotel in Kadakola had a secret door. A small kitchen was set up at a corner on the second floor of the hotel building where girls could hide from cops. There was a small opening in the room to go down the building through a chimney and a cylinder was placed on the opening to fool cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15440916", "title": "Jharkhand's finest brains set to lay road for success", "text": "RANCHI: The foremost question in the minds of the people of Jharkhand today is how they can turn their state into one of the country's front-running provinces. To find an answer to this, some of the state's finest brains will get together for a panel discussion organized by The Times of India here on Saturday.The programme is part of 'Emerging Jharkhand: Times Impact Awards 2012', a ToI initiative to honour individuals and organizations who have contributed to the state's growth and well-being. ET Now will anchor the discussion as well as the award ceremony.At the discussion - aptly titled 'Jharkhand - Land of Promises: Scope and Implementation', speakers will focus on what a state like Jharkhand, which is home to over 40% of the country's total mineral resources - can do. Besides, Jharkhand has immense forest wealth and huge potential for industry, tourism and power generation.The panelists are MJ Xavier (IIM director), Dhirendra Kumar (managing director, Jharcraft), Rahul Sharma (administrator, Swarnarekha Multipurpose Project), NN Sinha (secretary, information technology), Santosh Satapathy (principal secretary, water resources) and Ramesh Sharan (associate professor, Ranchi University). Their views and ideas can help us chart a road map for Jharkhand's growth and progress.Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh will be the guest of honour at the discussion. Academicians, bureaucrats, industry captains will also be present at the programme.Chief minister Arjun Munda and Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia will give away the awards to 23 winners of various categories ranging from private and public sectors, SMEs, education, NGOs to unsung heroes and womens empowerment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15442796", "title": "Land squatters dig in with labour minister's backing", "text": "HYDERABAD: Locking up the Hare Krishna Movement temple on Road No 12, Banjara Hills, is a ploy by the NBT Nagar residents with the support of labour minister Danam Nagender to prevent officials from evicting them from the land they encroached. The action by Danam and his supporters came right after the recent joint survey of the total extent of the land belonging to Laxmi Narasimha Swamy Devesthanam. The logical conclusion of the survey conducted by the revenue and endowments department officials would be the eviction of all the encroachers.Sources said the report on the total extent of the Devasthanam land and encroachment is getting ready. The next step would be identification of the number of encroachments after which the eviction would commence. According to the sources, Danam supporters stopped the revenue officials from identifying individual encroachments thrice during this month and as a result, the officials are planning to take the help of the police when they undertake the exercise again in the next few days.Sources said the revenue and endowments departments conducted the joint survey a month ago and drew the boundaries under the directions of the AP Lok Ayukta which suo motu took up the land grabbing case.Officials said 47.19 acres in the old survey No 129 of Shaikpet village originally belonged to Sri Lakshmi Narasimha Swamy Devasthanam, Road No 12, Banjara Hills. Then the temple was adopted by Sri Lakshmi Narasimha Swamy Devasthanam of Yadagirigutta. Of the 47.19 acres being claimed by the endowments department an extent of 26.36 acres was identified by Survey and Land Records. Of these 26 acres only 4.38 acres is available now.In the available 4.38 acres, 2.30 acres is recorded in TS NO 4/1 where 2.24 acres is available and it is lying vacant. In another record TS NO 4/2, while the extent of land is 2.19 acres only 2.14 acres is the temple structure and rocky area. The remaining 21.38 acres is in the possession of encroachers who have built pakka houses, officials said.To protect the land, the endowments department constructed a compound wall a few years ago. To prevent further encroachment and also for overall development of the temple, the endowments department decided to lease the land to the Hare Krishna Movement. The revenue department issued a GO (MS No 359) in February 2009 in this regard. The HKM pays about Rs one lakh per year as rent.Sources said hundreds of structures could have come up in the 21 acres in the past few years. A couple of years ago endowments department filed a case against 24 encroachers with the special court dealing with land grabbing cases and the court issued notices to the alleged encroachers The locals, mostly supporters and loyalists of the minister, fear that if the revenue department identifies the encroachments again, they would be dragged to court.\"In the past one month we went to NBT Nagar and surrounding areas thrice to identify the encroachers but we were not allowed into the area,\" an official of Hyderabad district administration said.Interestingly, minister Danam Nagender held a joint meeting with the officials of endowments department and Hyderabad collector three months ago. The minister proposed that instead of evicting the people and filing cases, the Hyderabad district collector could give about five acres vacant government land available in the same area to endowments department in lieu of the encroached land. After allotting the land, endowments department can withdraw the cases. But the Hyderabad collector reportedly did not agree to the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15443325", "title": "Each student to get Aadhaar card by 2014", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra government will be enrolling all its school students and teachers for Aadhaar number by March 2014 to ensure accountability. The school education department is hoping for better coordination between different agencies to get the massive operation done on time. While 2014 may seem like enough time to get this done, but completing formalities for almost two crore students and 5.75 lakh teachers is no easy task.Speaking at an education convention organized by the state government in city on Friday, additional chief secretary in-charge of school education JS Saharia urged different agencies to work together before time runs out. The convention was also attended by collectors and zilla parishad chiefs of six districts in Nagpur division.\"It seems that it would take nearly 320 days to complete the task. Maybe you can reduce the number of days to 250 by adding more machines and giving incentives to the staff involved. But remember delays can be caused by staff getting sick or machines malfunctioning. Hence it is better to plan ahead,\" said Saharia.The state education department has been in an aggressive mode trying to get all its administrative functions online. After the students' census last year exposed the bogus enrolment scam the department is ensuring that each student and staff in the system actually exists. Aadhaar enrolment will be a definitive source of ascertaining everyone's identity.Saharia, said, \"We have decided to release salary to staff only through the electronic clearing system (ECS) so that it is deposited directly in their bank accounts. The process for gathering staff bank data has already been started and we hope to implement it soon.\"Addressing education officials Saharia added that the new system will save immense time for everyone. \"Most of you are involved in preparing salary bills which takes up a good 10 days and then another week goes in distribution only. With ECS most of the job will be done automatically saving you at least 10 days of work,\" said Saharia.Local education clusters are tasked with gathering staff bank data and providing it to the department for processing. \"Our annual budget is about 30,000 crore and salary alone accounts for 25,000 crore,\" he said.The government has already asked students to register online for scholarship requests without which the money won't be released.The convention is being held in each division in the state to apprise education officials and various stakeholders about the Right to Education (RTE) and other changes.Deputy director of education Mahesh Karajgaonkar, said, \"It was amazing that we could bring all the top officials from our department and civic bodies under one roof and clear the issues. Many areas of our work overlap hence increased coordination will smoothen workflow.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "15441076", "title": "Expansion of CCL mine in Rajrappa starts", "text": "RAMGARH: The local management of the Rajrappa area of the Central Coalfields Limited ( CCL) has started the process of the long-awaited mine expansion plan in phase two. The work started after a directive came from the chairman-cum-managing director of the company, Gopal Singh, seeking exploration of the 72 million tones of coal reserve along the western banks of the Damodar in order to meet the rising demand of coal.The company is also constructing a bridge over the Damodar connecting the eastern and western banks at an estimated cost of Rs 9 crore .The general manager, Rajrappa, Ajit Kumar Chaudhary, said, \"Initiatives for the phase two of the expansion has been started following directives from the headquarters where according to a survey by the Geological Survey of India and the Central Mine Planning and Design Institute (CMPDI), a subsidiary of CIL, there's a coal reserve of 72 million tones. The government has already issued notification for land acquisition in the western bank of Damodar as the phase two expansion plan will help Rajrappa to continue its production for the next three decades.\"The additional general manager of the area has been given the task of initiating the expansion plan. A separate office will be set up for this purpose. Chaudhary said a total of 1,120 acres have been acquired for excavation. The villagers will not only be compensated but also rehabilitated. An official said the management will start community development projects in the villages which will come under the expansion plan.Officials of the land and revenue department on the other hand said land was acquired in the Sixties by the government and mining is starting after nearly 50 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15447111", "title": "Shriya Saran's sexy photoshoot", "text": "Shriya Saran, is a name who needs no intro in the glamour world. Although the Southern siren has not been signing too many films off late, the actress has managed to turns heads with a sexy photo shoot she did for the latest edition of a national men's magazine.Shriya even posed topless for one of the pictures in the glossy. Looks like the actress is doing all it takes to make some news before the release of her next Bollywood release Zilla Ghaziabad, in which she appears in a cameo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441999", "title": "Road tender\u2019s worth may cross Rs 980cr", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has received the largest number of roadwork proposals from the western suburbs.At Rs 510 crore, their worth is more than twice that of proposals from the island city (Rs 200 crore) and five times that of proposals from the eastern suburbs. Thus, according to estimates, the worth of the city's roadworks tender may cross Rs 980 crore.\"We hope the final figures will be ready in a few days,\" said additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta. A senior official from the roads department said the tender is likely to be advertised in 8-10 days. Of Rs 980 crore, Rs 800 crore will be spent on concretization of 241 lane kilometres of roads. The rest will be spent on asphalting.The proposals reflect the condition of roads across the city. Former chief engineer (roads) Satish Badwe said, \"The civic body needs to spend more for the western suburbs as the total length of roads there is more. At the same time, they have a higher traffic and population density. Roads in the eastern suburbs are in a much better condition in comparison.\"The BMC began its scrutiny of roads in June. On the delay caused by the eastern suburbs in submitting their proposal, a senior roads officialsaid, \"The consultant appointed for the region has not been cooperating with us. We sent a letter two days ago and hope the issue is resolved soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15442338", "title": "Bikers without helmets not allowed on Yamuna Expressway", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Within just a day of the Yamuna Expressway being thrown open to the public, the developer has revealed that over 300 vehicles have been using the speedway every hour. The figure is expected to double within the next few days. To make sure that safety precautions are being taken, signages to educate motorists for safe driving will be installed along the expressway, especially the use of helmets by bikers.A visit to the expressway on Friday revealed that a number of families had parked their cars on the roadside enjoying a picnic. \"It's a beautiful day and I have come here for a picnic with my family. We are just enjoying the weather and the scenery,\" said Sanjeev Mishra, a resident of Noida who had come to the expressway armed with a fully stocked picnic basket.Also, many vehicles were found driving on the wrong side. However, the enforcement team of the expressway said that they were taking it easy till August 15 and will not compromise on safety. The enforcement team said they were giving commuters a taste of the expressway before coming down heavily on violations post August 15.A team of senior Jaypee group officials, including the executive chairman and joint managing director, visited the expressway and also stopped motorists commuting without helmets. Bikers driving without helmets were stopped at the toll plaza and asked not to continue the ride.\"First we will request those bikers riding without helmets to leave the expressway, but if they do not comply then we will hand them over to the police as only they have the right to issue challans,\" a senior Jaypee official said.Experts, however, say that strict enforcement must be present from the first day. \"People don't realize how dangerous a simple thing like parking the car on the side of an expressway can be. Strict patrolling should be there from day one. Driving on the wrong side and parking on the side of the road can prove fatal on an expressway,\" said PK Sikdar, former director of Central Road Research Institute.Commuters have complained that a number of animals managed to come onto the expressway in spite of fencing on both sides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15442842", "title": "Karvy submits details to police in DCHL case", "text": "HYDERABAD: As part of the probe into cheating case booked against Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited (DCHL), representatives of Karvy appeared before the Central Crime Station (CCS) sleuths and submitted the necessary supporting documents.As part of the probe, under section 91 of CrPC, CCS sleuths sent notices to the complainant Karvy Stock Broking Ltd, the three promoters of DCHL and Future Capital Holding (FCH) Ltd, a week ago. CCS sleuths said that DC promoters immediately responded to the notices but none of them have appeared before the investigating officer so far. According to police, DCHL promoter T Venkattram Reddy said that he is out of station and hence will need some time to appear before them. One of the other two promoters sought time citing health concerns while the third one is yet to respond, said the officer. The representatives of FCH are also yet to respond, said the CCS official.Based on Karvy's complaint, lodged on July 31, against DCHL promoters, CCS sleuths have booked a case against three DCHL promoters, chairman T Venkattram Reddy, vice-chairman T Vinayak Ravi Reddy and PK Iyer under sections 406, 420, 468 and 471 r/w 34 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15442881", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation to put restrictions on dogs per family", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) would implement a high court committee's decision restricting the number of dogs a family can have as pets to three. The move is perhaps the first-of-its-kind in the country.Officials said a drive would be launched soon to identify residents who keep more than three dogs.NMC veterinary officer Dr G Mahalle said the rule will be mandatory for dog breeders as well.Dr Mahalle said those who want to keep more than three pet dogs can do so after obtaining no objection certificate from their neighbours. \"After this, NMC's veterinary officials will conduct an inspection and then decide whether or not to issue the licence,\" said Dr Mahalle.Residents and public representatives welcomed the decision.Mahesh Jambhale, a Nagpur resident, said a woman had 12 pet dogs and the canines had become a nuisance for her neighbours.BJP corporator Safalta Ambatkar said NMC should also stop owners from taking their dogs to public places or gardens. \"Owners should not allow their dogs to defecate in public places, such as residential areas, green belts, parks, streets,\" she said.Nagpur's pet lovers criticized the move. \"There are more pressing issues in the city than controlling pet dogs. There is the issue of increasing number of four-wheelers per family. It is a nuisance for everyone. Why cannot the administration tackle such issues on a priority basis?\" asked a pet lover.\"This is not China where you can raise only one child. You cannot make rules like this here. I wanted to adopt street dogs in my vicinity. Now, will I be stopped from doing this good deed? If someone has the capability to maintain many dogs, why cannot they?\" asked another RJ Rocky.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441216", "title": "Jet airliner skids off tarmac at IGI airport", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Jet Konnect aircraft skidded off the tarmac at IGI airport on Thursday night after the maintenance staff reportedly lost control of the aircraft while it was being taken to the hanger. Sources said the Boeing 737 aircraft skidded off the tarmac only to end up over a drain. \"This happened around 10.30pm. Nobody was injured as the aircraft was empty and no airport operations were affected. The Jet Airways maintenance staff reportedly lost control of the steering and brakes because of which the plane skidded off the tarmac and its nosewheel went over a drain running along the apron area near the fire station. The aircraft's undercarriage and the sets of wheels which are under its wings came to rest on the concrete slab covering the drain,\" said an airport source.Due to the aircraft's weight, the concrete slabs covering the drain started cracking and would have collapsed. However, airport staff and CISF personnel reinforced the slab by propping it up with concrete blocks, sand bags, steel plates and cement bags. The aircraft was finally taken back to the hanger around 3am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15442991", "title": "Olympian aims for new targets", "text": "KOLKATA: The congratulatory messages haven't stopped cluttering the inbox of his mobile phone and the footfall of the visiting friends and relatives at his Nagerbazar house in Kolkata too haven't died down.First male shooter from Bengal to make the Olympic cut since the Los Angeles Games in 1984, Joydeep Karmarkar didn't win a medal in London. But a week after his fourth-place finish in the men's 50m rifle prone, talk of his heroic battle at the Royal Artillery Barracks simply refuses to die down.The 32-year-old has insisted that attraction is not a distraction for him. Instead, far from the madding crowd, he has already set his sights on future. And one of the key changes in Joydeep's career, post-London Games, will be a new focus on 50m rifle 3-positions category.\"What I have learnt from my experience in the Olympics is that I need to reorient my boundary and challenge myself more. That's why I'll start focusing on 3-positions. Prone will remain my pet event, but I want to see whether I am capable of making a mark in 3-positions as well,\" Joydeep told TOI on Friday.The 50m rifle three positions consist of prone, standing and kneeling where 40 shots in each division are fired. In 50m rifle prone category, shooters go through a course of 60 shots.Joydeep, who will compete in the new category for the first time in the Nationals, slated to be held later in the year, wants to move slowly with his new challenge. \"I'm not in a hurry with my 3-position experience and, initially, I want to limit in domestic competitions only. If I'm satisfied with my progress, I will start participating at international level. On the other hand, if things don't go well, I will leave it because I don't want to come in the way of a better shooter in the category,\" Joydeep maintained.Abhinav Bindra - Joydeep's friend and guide - has had a role in the Bengal shooter's change in focus. The duo had prepared under German coach Heinz Reinkemeier in the lead up to the London Games. Abhinav, who won India's first individual Olympic gold in Beijing four years ago but returned empty-handed from London, asked him to look for other options, following his so-near-yet-so-far effort in men's 50m rifle prone.Joydeep finished fourth in the event with a tally of 699.1, missing out on the bronze to Rajmond Debevec of Slovenia by a whisker.\"I have always been benefitted by Abhinav's advice. We practice together and we often exchange ideas. But at the end of the day, it's my own decision to test the waters elsewhere,\" Joydeep remarked.So, how will he remember his first Olympics?\"Honestly, I went to London with no medal in mind. I just wanted to give my best and I did that. This Olympics is part of my journey and I don't know where it will take me four years from now. But one thing you should be certain about: I'll keep on fighting,\" Joydeep said.There's no reason to doubt him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15442983", "title": "Italian students rediscover Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: The West has always lured students and aspiring professionals from this part of the world. But there have rarely been cases where students from the US or the UK have opted to slog it out in the trying conditions of the Indian subcontinent, leaving behind the comfort and opportunities back home.But as many as 36 students from Italy have chosen to swim against the tide and landed in t he city to work in the slums and villages and learn the struggling ways of the marginalized sections of the society.\"I have read about Kolkata from the City of Joy. I am fascinated with the description on how people celebrate life despite the hardship. During my visit to the slums, I plan to find out if children get to go to school and how safe are the surroundings in which they live,\" said Leoporido Louis, a student from Verona.As a part of an exchange programme, the group will be working in many community projects of the Child in Need Institute (CINI). All the students are excited with the prospect of experiencing a different life hands-on.\"I am really curious to know how people can live on pavements. It would be interesting to experience how CINI helps them in making life better,\" said Elisa Tanianini, a cognitive science graduate from Trento.Apart from working in slums, the groups would also get a taste of the rich cultural heritage the city boasts of. They have heard about India's unique feature \u2014 unity in diversity. Visiting different places of worship and spending time with people belonging to different communities is also a part of their curriculum.\"I hope to get a peek into the coexistence between the haves and have-nots. I would also learn how NGOs like CINI penetrate into the lives of the people at the grassroot level,\" said management student Jonathan Gangbar.Food festivals, visits to schools, meal with underprivileged children, attending Indian cinema shows and workshops on HIV/AIDs are other activities the youths will get to engage themselves in.\"These students have also raised funds through different activities in their country for CINI,\" said CINI founder-director Samir Chaudhuri.Italian consul general in Kolkata Joel Melchiori also interacted with the students on Friday. They threw a number of questions to Melchiori, which ranged from the kidnapping of an Italian tourist by Maoist in Odisha in March this year to killing of two Indian fishermen by Italian marines early this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441097", "title": "2005 serial blasts accused to be tried for hawala link", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi high court has cleared the decks for prosecution of an alleged terrorist, accused in the 2005 serial blasts, for money laundering under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).Justice Pratibha Rani recently dismissed a petition filed by Tariq Ahmed Dar challenging his summoning by a special anti-money laundering court in connection with a complaint filed by the Enforcement Directorate (ED).HC refused to quash criminal proceedings under the PMLA Act against Dar, who is accused of funding the Diwali eve blasts that rocked parts of the city in 2005. HC found nothing wrong in the special court summoning Dar from Tihar Jail, where he is lodged. Dar said it was wrong to summon him without examining the merits of the ED complaint. He argued that even the ED never asked him to be summoned, yet the court went on to issue production warrants against him.HC said normally the summons would have been first sent to his residence in Jammu and Kashmir, whereupon the judge would have been informed that Dar is lodged in Tihar; then fresh summons would have been required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15442465", "title": "3 held, Rs 17 lakh hawala cash seized", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested three men including an MCA student and seized 17 lakh in cash that they had received through hawala transactions in Thiruvanmiyur early Friday morning.Investigators identified the accused as Mohammad Hussain, 31, who lives in Mannady and runs a shipping agency, Ziauddin, 33, of Korrukupet, a construction worker, and Jagabar Sadiq, 21, an MCA student at a college in Royapettah. Police also seized 11 cellphones and a motorbike from them.A police patrol team spotted the three men at the Thiruvanmiyur bus stand early Friday morning. \"They were behaving in a suspicious manner, so we questioned them,\" an investigating officer said. \"We found that the bags that they were carrying were stuffed with cash so we took them in them for interrogation.\"\"The gang members initially claimed that they were carrying the money to pay a contractor constructing a building, but they did not possess any proof to back the claim,\" the officer said.After sustained interrogation, the men confessed that they were members of a money laundering gang, the officer said. They worked for commissions based on how much money they transported and handed over to various people. When they were apprehended, they were sending Ziauddin to Nagore via Puducherry to hand over money to a person named Haja, the officer said.They claimed that the money had been sent from Arab countries and that they had distributed laundered cash several times before.Police said the money and the accused would be handed over to the directorate of enforcement for a detailed investigation. Investigators will probe their claims and attempt to trace the source of the money, the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15443262", "title": "Houses burgled in broad daylight", "text": "DHARWAD: Thieves broke into two locked houses and decamped with gold and cash in broad daylight on Friday.At Basava Nagar on Haliyal Road, the house of Dundappa Wali was the target of burglars. They managed to enter the house and flee with 59gram of ornaments. The exact amount of cash stolen is yet to be ascertained. Wali was away when the theft took place.In another case, burglars gained entry into the house of Pandurang Kadam and Sangamma Chalawadi, both employees of department of posts, at Radhakrishnan Nagar and walked out with a gold biscuit, necklace and two bangles -- all weighing 100 gram, according to police. The couple had gone for work when the thieves had their way.Dharwad suburban police have registered two cases and are investigating.The series of thefts and house-breaking-- some in broad daylight -- in Dharwad and Hubli have sent shockwaves among the citizens here.In June, the burglers had barged into a house of Shahnaz Begum Puli in Basavanagar on Haliyal Road here and decamped with 26 gram of gold and Rs 60,000. The thieves had also laid their hands on a small roadside shop in Basavanagar and stolen cash and gutka sachets. They had managed to bolt the houses in the neighbourhood before gaining entry into the house.Another house in Hoysalanagar here had been attempted by the thieves in broad daylight when the owner had gone out for a wedding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15446927", "title": "E-offices for Maharshtra govt departments from October", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra government has made it mandatory for all local self-governments, various state authorities to switch to e-offices from October.Except for finance, planning, law and judiciary and general administration department, all the other departments at the state headquarters will have to switch to an e-office by January next year.The decision to switch all office functions online has been prompted by the recent fire at the state headquarters when a large number of documents were destroyed.The fire, which started on the fourth floor, of the main building spread right up to the seventh floor, and in the process gutted the offices of the chief minister and the deputy chief minister as well.While the government has created the file journey management system to electronically track files, not every file had been scanned.Several have been lost particularly confidential reports of employees, important circulars, inquiry reports etc.The software for the e-offices has been procured from the National Informatics Centre, Hyderabad.It includes knowledge management system, e-files which includes creation of files, movement of receipts and files and archival of records. The e-office also comprises budget monitoring system, personnel management system, leave and tour management system etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15443122", "title": "British prisoners to take on Indian call centres?", "text": "LONDON: A scheme to use prisoners with genuine British accents in call centres inside UK jails is being considered by the ministry of justice as part of its work programme for prisoners.One of the consumer complaints against British companies who have call centres in India has been that Indian workers sometimes do not understand the many regional British accents of callers, resulting in errors. There are reports that some British companies have closed down call centres in India following such complaints, while others highlight the fact that their call centres are within the UK and that their customers can rest assured of a speedy and efficient service.According to The Guardian, a company supported by the ministry of justice called the call centre scheme a \"rehabilitation revolution\", but the ministry said the company was no longer involved in the programme after it had filed for liquidation recently.However, a ministry spokesperson said, \"Prisoners who learn the habit of real work inside prison are less likely to commit further crime when they are released.\"For that reason the Prisons Service is looking at a number of potential schemes to increase work opportunities in prisons.The spokesperson added, \"All contracts with outside employers must comply with a strict code of practice which sets out that prisoners cannot be used to replace existing jobs in the community. Wages are set by prison governors and companies have no control over the payment.\"Using British prisoners in call centres in jails may work, but some raise worries about safety of data. Under the call centre scheme, prisoners may be paid 3 per day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15442573", "title": "TMC sets its eyes on Maharashtra", "text": "NASHIK: The Trinamool Congress is eyeing Maharashtra in the runup to the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.The party will be making its foray into the state on September 1, the registration for which will begin from August 15, according to the party's state president Shahrukh Khan .The party has started preparing for it with its first press conference in Nashik. The state president informed on Friday that the party would be focusing on the issues of the farmers.\"Didi ( Mamata Banerjee ) has always been with farmers. The party will try to solve farmers' and student issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441337", "title": "Thakre puts CM in a fix over fodder depots", "text": "MUMBAI: Showing dissent over the state cabinet's decision to discontinue with fodder depots after August 15, state Congress president Manikrao Thakre demanded withdrawal of the move on Friday.In a letter to CM Prithviraj Chavan, Thakre questioned the cabinet decision. \"At a time when drought-like situation prevails in water-scarce areas, it is binding on the state to continue with the depots for consistent fodder supplies,\" he said.Having already spent Rs 232 crore on fodder supplies and with improvement in the rain spell in water-scarce areas, the state cabinet on Wednesday decided to discontinue with the depots.While the CM said he was yet to get the letter, Thakre's stand could put him in a tight spot over the drought crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15445959", "title": "Veterinary varsity to celebrate Farmers' Day", "text": "THRISSUR: The College of Dairy Science and Technology of the Kerala Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (KVASU), Mannuthy is organizing a day-long event on August 17 to celebrate the Farmers Day in a grand way. The event includes get together of dairy farmers, felicitating the best dairy farmers in the State, free check-up for the farmers and technical and interactive sessions of the Food Safety Standards Act 2006 aimed at maintaining the hygiene condition in dairies. Those interested are requested to contact the organisers on +91-9995963066 for more details, said officials from the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15449255", "title": "Physical education teachers to get their due soon", "text": "MANGALORE: Vaidyanathan committee report pertaining to physical education teachers will be implemented soon, MLC Ganesh Karnik said here on Saturday. The process to amend rules pertaining to recruitment of physical education teachers, in the recruitment of such teachers to primary and secondary schools and PU colleges in the state and in permitting physical education teachers to undergo training has begun, Ganesh Karnik added.Taking part in the inauguration of Physical Education Teachers Association office, he said the physical education teachers will get the benefit of the committee recommendations at the earliest. The report states that physical education teachers should be considered as co-teachers and be given facilities on par with other teachers. The physical education teachers should be given the status and benefits of an assistant teacher.Rules currently do not let physical education teachers become headmasters. Even after 30 years of service many physical education teachers have not got any promotion, he said adding that physical education teachers play a vital role in moulding the life of students. Physical education teachers engage students in sports and get them engrossed in the sports, so that the impressionable minds of young students does not get diverted, he noted.Taking a dispassionate look at India's performance in the ongoing London Olympics, Ganesh Karnik wondered with a population of 126 crore, can the nation celebrate the fact that Indians have won four medals at London. Education department has taken measures to allocate excess teachers to those schools which are facing acute shortage of teachers in a transparent manner, Ganesh Karnik, who represents teachers constituency added.Retired phsyical education teachers Prasanna Kumar Jain, Diwakar Hegde, Margaret D'Souza, Taranath Rai, Sundar Shetty, Prabhavathi, Jagannath Shetty, Narasimha M, K Jinendra Hegde, Gopal Shetty, M Ibrahim, Girija V were felicitated on the occasion. Physical Education Teachers Shankar and Hilda Veigas were honoured for their achievement in the national competitions. N Yogish Bhat, deputy speaker of the state assembly spoke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15448427", "title": "Cameron Diaz throws baby shower for Drew Barrymore", "text": "Cameron Diaz has thrown long time friend Drew Barrymore a lavish baby shower as she prepares for the impending arrival of her first child.The actress hosted the party for her former Charlie's Angels co-star on Saturday at her home in Los Angeles .The 50 invited guests, including Barrymore's husband Will Kopelman, splashed around in the pool and snacked on chips and guacamole.\"Kids were jumping in a bouncy castle,\" the Daily Express quoted a source as telling Us Weekly magazine.Barrymore, who was first rumoured to be pregnant in February (12), is due to give birth later this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "15442972", "title": "Gaya \u2018rape victim\u2019 ties knot with \u2018tormentor\u2019", "text": "GAYA: Priyanka, 19-year-old Degree Part I student of GBM College, Gaya, who hit the headlines on Thursday by getting admitted to Kudra (Kaimur) Primary Health Centre (PHC) alleging gangrape and subsequently made a 'U' turn denying rape and abduction, entered into a wed lock with Ashutosh, who, as per the complaint lodged by her father Naval Kumar had kidnapped her on Tuesday.The 'love marriage' was 'arranged' by Yuvak Sangh, in Makhdum Mohiuddin auditorium of MG College, Gaya. The organisation conducted a marriage sans Vedic mantras and the love birds only exchanged garlands to become man and wife. Parents of both Priyanka and Ashutosh attended the function as guests. Though in love with Priyanka, Ashutosh was initially reluctant to marry at this stage and buy time to first settle in life. But the turn of events overtook Ashutosh and the beloved became wife sooner than his plan. Scripted virtually as a Bollywood event, the ceremony was witnessed by a large number of people.The invitees included urban development minister Prem Kumar, former minister and Tekari MLA Arun Kumar and Atri MLA Krishna Nandan Yadav. Gaya SSP Vinay Kumar did not attend the ceremony.Yuvak Sangh activists including its convener Arvind Verma decried social evils like dowry. According to Verma, \"Yuvak Sangh is trying to unshackle society from orthodox social conventions.\"Meanwhile, the Gaya police have let off the father of the 19-year-old girl, by not exercising its power to book him under Section 211 of IPC for filing a false kidnapping case with the Muffassil police station, that caused much harassment to the police and kept it on tenterhooks for more than 24 hours. Section 211 of the IPC gives the power to the police to prosecute any person filing a false criminal case and the offence is punishable with seven years of imprisonment and fine.SSP Vinay Kumar said there is no need to book the man, as apparently he did not mean to harass the police by filing a false case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15443019", "title": "Bo deputy faces hush-up charge", "text": "BEIJING: China would prosecute four police officers, including former Chongqing city police chief Wang Lijun, for allegedly hushing up British businessman Neil Heywood's murder.Prosecutors had blamed four officers for the alleged cover-up as Gu went on trial. But Wang, was who also Bo's deputy when Heywood was murdered, was not named as one of them.Wang has reportedly told investigators that he had helped cover up the murder on Bo's orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15442013", "title": "Work on foot overbridges yet to begin, citizen panel alleges graft", "text": "GURGAON: Even before work on the construction of 14 foot overbridges begins, the officials of the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) have started facing corruption charges. The citizens' supervisory committee, constituted by the MCG to keep an eye on the various development projects across the city, has alleged corruption on the part of the officials of the corporations's engineering branch, by awarding tenders to their close aides.After receiving a complaint from the residents, the financial commissioner and principal secretary of the Urban Local Bodies department, Ram Niwas, has sought an explanation from MCG commissioner Sudhir Rajpal. Last month the citizen's supervisory committee had forwarded a complaint to Niwas, alleging irregularities in the issuing of tenders to agencies on build operate transfer (BOT) basis for the construction of 14 FOB's across the city. According to the complaint, the officials did not pay heed to the legal norms while awarding the tenders.The engineering branch has signed a contract with three companies for construction and maintenance of the FOB's. The complaint by the citizen's panel also says that the budget of construction and maintenance has been fixed to be over Rs 1 crore. As per the norms, the engineering branch officials should have first taken permission from councillors and then the application tabled for approval of the state government. The due process was not followed.In response, the municipal corporation has said that the companies were awarded tenders for maintenance of the FOBs for 20 years, as incorporated in the contract.\"According to the contract, the annual fees that agencies have to pay for maintenance will increase by 10% every year for the first ten years. The agencies were against this policy and disagreed to it. Considering the concerns of the companies, the increase in fees were lowered to 5% for the first five years. The tenders were awarded as per the norms and the allegations against the engineering branch officials are not true. We will be sending our response to the urban local bodies department,\" said a senior MCG official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441662", "title": "Space trouble continues for fire-hit CMO staffers", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly a month-and-a-half after the Mantralaya fire, secretariats of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar continue to struggle for a proper seating space.While four departments on the first floor of the main Mantralaya building were directed to relocate about a fortnight ago, they are yet to shift. The secretariats have been operating from makeshift offices in Vidhan Bhavan.On Thursday, sections of the CM's office (CMO), functioning from the seventh and 19th floors of Vidhan Bhavan, had to shift to the first floor as the halls allotted to them were required for legislative committee meetings. The departments will be moving out with their furniture. The sixth-floor offices of the secretariats were ravaged in the June 21 Mantralaya fire.The secretariats of CM and deputy CM have been operating from makeshift offices in Vidhan Bhavan since the June 21 Mantralaya blaze", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441747", "title": "Navy to install process to better manage finances", "text": "NEW DELHI: With ongoing and proposed warship and submarine projects worth Rs 2.73 lakh crore as well as the huge costs involved in maintaining existing fleets, the Navy is all set to launch a unique financial information system (FIS) to ensure better management of its budget and finances right from the headquarters down to the smallest battleships.The FIS, developed by Wipro at a cost of Rs 32 crore, will be commissioned by defence minister A K Antony at a special ceremony on Saturday. \"The system provides a unified platform to bring together all organizations involved in budgetary estimation, allocation and expenditure of public money,\" said an official.\"With over 600 units (ships, shore establishments, hospitals etc) involved with a budget being managed across more than 500 categories, the complete switchover to online budget management brings a transformational change in efficiency, accuracy and transparency,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15445304", "title": "Govinda-Sunny to share screen space", "text": "Govinda and Sunny Deol , actors who made their Bollywood debuts way back in the 1980s had never shared screen space in the decades to follow. But that is soon going to change. In Pahlaj Nihalani's Avatar, the two contemporary actors will finally work together.An insider told us, \"Like Govinda, Sunny is also Pahlaj's favourite. The minute Sunny heard that Avatar dealt with the theme of motivating youngsters into sports, he readily agreed to be a part of the film.\" According to the insider, Govinda and Sunny will be seen enjoying a good game of football in the film as well. After all, the game forms an important aspect of the film.Pahlaj has worked with Govinda several times in the past, including the actor's debut film Ilzaam. With Sunny, this would be Pahlaj's third outing after Paap Ki Duniya and Aag Ka Gola. \"I wanted Sunny in this film. He was my first choice. He did not even ask me about the role,\" said the director and added, \"Dharamji is like family. I am grateful to Sunny.\"Apparently, like Govinda, Sunny too plays a sports coach in the film. He has alerady shot for eight days in Mumbai. Explaining the story, Govinda said, \"Avatar is my first motivational film. It's about a bunch of rowdy college kids and I come to motivate the students. Football plays a very important part in the film, it motivates the students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15443335", "title": "'Spruce up by Mar 31 or face the axe'", "text": "NAGPUR: Top academicians and experts converged in the city for a convention on the implementation of RTE and discuss a UNICEF report on the status of schools in the division. Sanjay Deshmukh, who heads the RTE implementation initiative in state, said, \"Schools have till March 31 next year to comply with all the norms or else they will be de-recognized.\" This derecognition will basically make their existence illegal. Under RTE, every school now has to get a Certificate of Recognition from the state government, which in turn is granted only if the institute is RTE compliant.While construction of classrooms, toilets etc can be achieved in the remaining time, acquiring a playground is impossible for many schools. Nagpur zilla parishad CEO Amit Saini said, \"Some of the ZP schools are on rented property and adjoining land may be unavailable. We are trying to designate nearby government grounds to such schools so they may be spared the axe.\"The data used by UNICEF was gathered by educational officials between September-December last year hence both Saini and Deshmukh feel the figures would have improved since then.Deshmukh said, \"Schools are also aware of consequences and since January 2012, I am sure certain changes would have been made. We will get to know where things stand after our annual data collection starts next month.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441866", "title": "Court may record Jundal\u2019s confession on Monday", "text": "MUMBAI: The chief metropolitan magistrate court may record the confessional statement of Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal, one of the alleged handlers of the 26/11 terrorists on Monday.Jundal, who was to be in police custody till Monday, told the police that he wanted to confess to his crimes. The court sent Jundal to judicial custody for two days and he has been given time to think over his decision to make the statement.If he does not change his mind, his statement will be recorded on Monday.Jundal was produced in court on Friday evening amid tight security. Jundal's tight security was handled by personnel of the Indo-Tibetan Border Force (ITBF) and Force One.Police sources said Jundal told the magistrate that he wanted to make his statement voluntarily. A day before, he had come face-to-face with convicted terrorist Ajmal Kasab , when the latter identified him as a handler.According to the legal fraternity, a confessional statement given under CrPC 164 is considered significant as it cannot be retracted. The magistrate explained to him the procedure of recording the confession and also informed him that his confessional statement could be used against him.On Monday, the Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) will seek Jundal's custody in connection with the Aurangabad arms haul and German bakery blast in Pune.On Thursday, the crime branch's had got Jundal and Kasab into a confrontation at Arthur road jail, when the latter identified the former. The confrontation between Jundal and Kasab cleared some discrepancies, the police said. The affair was kept highly secret for security reasons. The police said the confrontation went on for nearly two-and-a-half hours in the presence of the senior jail officials. The home department had on Wednesday given the police the go-ahead for the interrogation after they got a nod from the Central government as Kasab is a convicted by the Bombay high court and his conviction is pending before the Supreme Court.\"Few descrepancies have been sorted out. Jundal has been denying that he gave arms training or that he was present at training camps. But Kasab had said he had not only given him training in Hindi and Marathi, but even assisted them in arms training camps in Muridke and Rawalpindi. Jundal said that he did not go to see off the 10 terrorist to the Pakistani ship Al-Hussaini on November 23. But Kasab said that Jundal was among those who came to send them off,: a source said.The police clarified a few identities of ISI agents whom Kasab had named. Many of these Pakistani handlers were known to Kasab as Bada Abdul Rahman , Chhota Rahman, Major Saheb and Major Iqbal, which was corroborated by Jundal. Jundal, after he completed physical and spiritual training in Pakistan, is a key accused in the 26/11 terror attack in which 166 persons were killed and more than 260 were injured in Mumbai.(With inputs from S Ahmed Ali )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15446719", "title": "Vaishali in Edison Photos", "text": "Director Pramod is busy preparing for his directorial debut, 'Edison Photos'. \"The story revolves around the life of a fashion photographer,\" says Pramod.Vaishali, who makes her Kollywood debut through Mannaru will be seen in a completely contrast role here. \"In Mannaru , I play a village girl. But in Edison Photos, I will be playing a model. In fact, I play a make-up artist turned model,\" says an excited Vaishali.Buzz is that, Unni Mukundan will play the central character in the flick. The director is also hoping to rope in Shamili as the lead actress. If all goes well, then Mollywood's favourite child artist will return to the silver screen as a heroine.Edison Photos will start rolling in November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441933", "title": "Wheat exports up, as are bread prices", "text": "MUMBAI: The rise in wheat exports has resulted in an increase in the price of bread in the city. Over a week, a loaf of bread has become costlier by Rs 2-4 as the cost of its main ingredient, maida, has gone up owing to wheat shortage. The rise in input costs will shortly affect all bakery products, from the staple pav to the select multi-grain bread and from biscuits to cakes.\"Wheat is being exported on a massive scale, causing a shortfall in arrivals from Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat. The price of 1 quintal jumped from Rs 1,200 to 1,600 in July and we had no choice but to raise the cost of maida,\" saida flour mill owner.Tirandaz Irani of Yazdani Bakery has raised the price of six pieces of pav from Rs 6 to Rs 8. \"Other products may become costlier by 25%. Faulty policies are to be blamed.\"City Bakery's Mehdi Dashti said the bakers' association was yet to meet to decide on a formal price rise. \"But it is inevitable. In the past month alone, the cost of a 90-kg bag of maida has risen from Rs 1,400 to Rs 1,800. The additional input costs have become difficult to absorb.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15447366", "title": "Anjali\u2019s next by year end", "text": "Post the success of her directorial debut, 'Manjadikkuru', Anjali Menon is all set to start her next. Touted to be a romantic comedy, this yet-to-be-titled project will start rolling by this year end.\"The script is ready and the casting is still going on. It's a fun film, light and breezy,\" says Anjali. The director is on cloud nine after the success of Usthad Hotel , whose script was written by her. Now, looks like the directors are keen for her script.Interestingly, Anjali is being approached by director Suku Menon to write a script on Lalithambika Antharjanam's Manushyaputhri . \"Yes, the director has approached me. But, I can't comment on anything now,\" informs Anjali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15446474", "title": "Twitter: Bolt's signature 'To the World' goes viral", "text": "WASHINGTON: Olympic legend Usain Bolt's signature 'To the World' celebration has gone viral among the fans and Twitter users with many uploading their pictures striking the lightening pose in his honour.Bolt successfully defended his 100m and 200m titles at the London Olympics in swaggering fashion, fulfilling his childhood dream of becoming a 'living legend'.Prince Harry tried learning Bolt's signature celebration with his left arm extended when they met in March.Bolt after his gold medal wins at the Games posed along with Wenlock, the London Olympics mascot, prompting many other athletes and his fans to imitate it, The Washington Post reports.British Police officers near Olympic Stadium and the US women's gymnastics team dutifully angled their arms and gazed skyward.Countless tourists have done their best to imitate the likeness of the fastest running in the world next to his wax replica at Madame Tussauds in London.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15443547", "title": "Ramzan delicacies tickle taste buds", "text": "INDORE: Pulpy dates, palate tickling Mughlai dishes and range of kebabs are the hot favorite cuisines during the ongoing month of Ramadan. The mouth watering delicacies are being offered at many of the popular joints in the city.\"We have Rara-mutton and Bhuna-mutton with thick gravy, apart from a number of innovative deserts including Alam-paag to offer to the rozedars,\" said Arshad Madni, the owner of Madni Darbar , while Agra hotel at Mumbai-bazaar in Rajwada has been boasting of offering light iftaar snacks. Manager at the Agra Hotel said, \"We offer jalebis which are six times larger than the normal size and all are instantly sell out during the Ramzaan.\"Apart from the sweet and crispy jalebis, the hotel offers samosas stuffed with minced mutton, sprouted chickpeas and fried onion. \"These samosas are famous for its ingredients. In Ramzaan, people prefer eating sprouted chickpeas.\"Owner of Akashat Kasat of Kareems Restaurant at Palasia said, \"In iftaar there is a special demand for dry kabab which is called Murg-Nizam-Tikka. Apart from that we are offering seven variety of kababs.\" He added, \"In deserts, there is a special demand for malai firni and shahi tukda made up of fried bread.\"Mohammad Iqbal of Anmol hotel in Rajwada says, \"Murg-dum-Biryani is in special demand during Ramzaan. Visitors are making special demand for it. Apart from this, the visitors here ask for paya which is a lamb feet.\" Nafees Bakery owner said, \"For iftar we have dates, which is especially imported from Arab countries. He added, \"The first thing which is taken immediately after breaking the day long fast is a date.\" Even some Muslims prefer Shikanji which is Indore's special food for Iftaar.Feroz Sheikh, an advertising professional who has been observing rozas said, \"Roza is meant for developing control over ourselves. It's not just a fast but also a process through which we learn to have control over our senses.\" He further said, \"I along with my family take only fruits for iftar.\" Gulshaad Ahmed, a teenager rozedaar said, \"I keep rozas because I follow my faith and more over at least for a day the food stuff is left for other needy people.\"Sara Iqbal, an engineering student, who keeps roza said, \"For iftar, we usually get things ordered from restaurants. Dates are very important and we break roza with dates imported from Arabic countries only.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15448236", "title": "Ashwani Kumar inaugurated the Research Day Celebration of PGI", "text": "Chandigarh: Dr Ashwani Kumar, Union Minister of State for Planning, Science &amp; Technology and Earth Sciences inaugurated the Research Day Celebration of the PGI organised as a part of their Golden Jubilee Celebrations on Saturday.On this Research Day it is the first time that all the researchers in the Institute had the opportunity to present their work in one place. Besides showcasing the high-quality research work being carried on in the Institute, this event provided a space for faculty and researchers of various departments to familiarize themselves with a work going on elsewhere within the Institute.Addressing the gathering of eminent physicians, scientists and faculty members on the need to strengthen the innovation ecosystem in the country, Ashwani called for excellence in the translational research in order to ensure affordable health care to all.Earlier Prof. Yogesh Chawla, Director, PGI said, \"The Research Day today would give us an opportunity not only to have an insight on our research output, but also give a chance to develop collaborative researches with neighbouring sister scientific institutes.\"Prof. Amod Gupta, Dean, PGI while informing about the research activities in PGI said, \"On an average faculty of PGI publishes nearly 550 research papers in various indexed journals and ever since its inception the Institute has published nearly 15000 papers. Our papers receive nearly 4000 citations every year almost similar to the AIIMS. However, very discouragingly more than 90% of the research that is published from leading medical institutes including PGI or AIIMS and even the IITs or the famed IISc get less than 25 citations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441929", "title": "Mahesh Bhatt to dub smoking message for Bipasha Basu", "text": "MUMBAI: Mahesh Bhatt and not Bipasha Basu will dub the anti-smoking message for Raaz 3 , which is to release in September.The filmmaker, who has his case against the ban on smoking in films coming up for final hearing in the Supreme Court on September 4, said, \"As of now I've agreed to put two disclaimers and two scrolls on images of Bipasha smoking. I will dub the message in my voice at the film's beginning and post-interval. I will slug it out with the government in the apex court and see that we get this absurd notification squashed.''The Union health ministry had rolled back its call for a blanket ban on depictions of smoking in films, asking actors to record an anti-smoking message instead. The circular on the CBFC website maintains that the actor in the smoking scene has to dub for it and a static message during the scene is a must. Kareena Kapoor , who has multiple smoking scenes in Madhur Bhandarkar's Heroine, will dub for an anti-smoking disclaimer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15443473", "title": "AICTE told to clear pending requests", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh high court has directed the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) to decide on pending applications for grant of annual approval for BE, MBA and M Tech courses of two private technical professional colleges which had moved the court challenging withholding of their approval letters by the AICTE without any valid reason.A division bench of Justice K K Lahoti and Justice Vimla Jain on Thursday directed the AICTE to \"take a final decision over the pending application with a period of two weeks from the date of receipt of a reply from the petitioner, supported by documents, showing that the discrepancies related to show cause notice have been removed. The passing of this order has apparently opened the doors of judicial remedy to all those 25-30 technical colleges of the state whose annual approval have been withheld in the similar manner by the AICTE for the session 2012-13.In their petition, two private institutions from Bhopal alleged that despite clearing of various discrepancies and deficiencies so pointed out by the AICTE, the latter had simply been sitting over their files despite multiple reminders for passing order over their applications. These colleges were granted approval by the AICTE way back in 2009.Around July 2009, certain complaints were made against about 30 to 35 colleges across the state that they had mortgaged their lands without prior permission of the AICTE as required under applicable rules. Subsequently, AICTE issued show cause notices to institutes concerned all over the state and also withheld their approval of about 30 institutions for the session 2012-13.Petitioners counsel Siddharth Radhelal Gupta submitted before the court that on receipt of show cause notice, they immediately got their lands released from the banks and financial institutions concerned and had also filed relevant NoC from such banks to the AICTE.Despite this, they submitted that the AICTE did not decide on their application till the first week of August and arbitrarily withheld approval for no rhyme or reason; he argued adding that such an action on the part of AICTE had catastrophic effect over the survival of these institutes, which are private unaided self-financing colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "15440973", "title": "Janmashtami at Sirsa a dull affair without MLA Gopal Goyal Kanda", "text": "SIRSA: With local MLA Gopal Goyal Kanda on the run in the Geetika Sharma suicide case, Janmashtami in Sirsa had none of the sparkle of the last few years this time. Under Kanda, the festival had become a lavish affair with famous singers singing devotional songs at Tara Kutia \u2014 seat of local god man Tara Baba.But on Friday, there were no crowds at the Kutia. \"How can we make arrangements for Janmashtami without our brothers Gopal and Govind (Kanda). But we will organize bhajan sandhya,\" said Nand Kishor Ladha, a friend of Gopal Kanda's brother Govind. Krishan Saini, former head of Sirsa Market Committee, also said, \"We will celebrate when Kanda bhai returns to Sirsa after clearing his name.\"Kanda's steady association with Tara Baba is said to have brought him political dividends. In the mid-90s, when his slipper business ran aground on a loan default, Kanda joined the league of Baba's followers that included NRIs from Haryana and Punjab. His clout grew by association with Baba's flock, and in a canny move, he capitalised on Baba's death in July, 2003, by floating a charitable trust.As funds started pouring in from abroad, differences arose among the 11 trustees, and Kanda, locally known as 'Gopalia', set up another trust \u2014 Baba Tara Charitable Trust \u2014 with his siblings and their spouses, and managed to lure NRI donations to it.The trust bought 18 acres around the original Tara Kutia and started construction of a temple. The god man's hut was kept intact and the grounds were covered with new buildings. However, the land bought by the trust was transferred to Murli Dhar Trust, a body floated by Kanda in his father's memory to set up an international school and other ventures. Kanda's 4-acre house, a school and other buildings now stand on the premises.Kanda's sharpest move, though, was to use the trust to develop close contact with important politicians, including INLD supremo Om Prakash Chautala and chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda . This eventually set him on course for a stint in the state cabinet.(With Manveer Saini in Chandigarh)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15443303", "title": "Youth dies in mishap, woman driver arrested", "text": "NAGPUR: The dreams of a Pandrabodhi-based family were shattered when 22-year-old Jeetendra Mishra's bike was hit by a car near Laxmi Bhuvan square on Friday morning. Jeetendra, who was preparing for competitive examination, was heading for his tuition class when the accident occurred. He died on way to the hospital.Jeetendra, eldest son of a cook, was the backbone of the family which dreamt big for this bright student. Jeetendra's father Viresh Mishra had sent him to Bangalore to study management. But he returned soon. Jeetendra's younger brother Karan informed that his brother was preparing for competitive examination.The accident occurred when Jeetendra, riding a bike, took a left turn towards Shankar Nagar after approaching from Traffic park. Accused Deepti Kewlani (22) was driving straight towards Shankar Nagar when her car hit Jeetendra's bike. Jeetendra crashed on the divider.The accident immediately attracted the attention of the passers-by who also damaged Deepti's car, sources claimed. A seriously injured Jeetendra was rushed to a hospital in Deepti's car but he succumbed on his way. Jeetendra's kin vented their ire by damaging the hospital furniture.Sitabuldi police arrested Deepti charging her with culpable homicide not amounting to murder and rash driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441311", "title": "South Mumbai drive against cellphone towers", "text": "MUMBAI: South Mumbai residents have come together to form a group\u2014Indians for Safe Environment (IFSE)\u2014to fight against the health hazards from electro-magnetic field radiations from mobile phone towers. The group is supported by the Carmichael Road Citizens' Committee, Pedder Road Residents' Association and Altamont Road Area Citizens' Committee. Over 1,000 signatures have been collected and a representation made to Milind Deora, minister of state for communications and IT, guardian minister of Mumbai Jayant Patil, and BMC chief Sitaram Kunte.\"We are fighting against the haphazard installation of mobile towers. We have made our representation to the department of telecom and requested them to look into the matter,\" said Dilnar Chichgar, a Carmichael Road resident.On Friday, the IFSE organized a talk by Prof Girish Kumar of IIT-Bombay and Dr Anand Gokani of Bombay Hospital on the perils of cellphone towers. The electromagnetic frequency radiation levels around Pedder Road, Carmichael Road and Malabar Hill is recorded to be \"dangerously high\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15440962", "title": "Auto strike hits commuters", "text": "RANCHI: The 48-hour autorickshaw strike that began on Friday crippled public transport in the city, creating inconvenience to patients and passengers at railway stations, bus stands and airport. The strike has been called in the wake of seizure of 15-year-old autos by the traffic police following the direction of the Jharkhand high court. The amount of difficulties was perceived to be less on Friday, being a holiday for Krishna Janmashtami.Munna Gope, who brought his ailing son to the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences in a car, said, \"I had to borrow money from a neighbour and hire a vehicle. I don't have money to eat. I wonder how will I repay the money,\" said the daily wage-earner. Gope's son is suffering from viral fever.Unaware about the strike, train passengers were the worst-hit. Sanjay Shekhar, who arrived from Jammu in the morning, had to change several rickshaws and walk a few kilometres with his luggage tugged on his back to reach his house.At Khadgarha bus stand, around 50 cycle-rickshaws were present for more than 2,000 people who arrived at the bus stand. Hundreds of passengers carried their luggage to walk back home. Around 70 buses that plied in the district were full of market-goers. A similar situation was witnessed at the airport. The strike has been called against a Jharkhand high court direction to remove all 15-year-old autos from roads. The court order asking the Ranchi district administration to withdraw such autos was passed a couple of months ago to bring the level pollution under control.A police officer claimed that several new autos in Ranchi ply without permits, many of them run in no-auto zones and park at no-parking slots. \"The seizure operation began on August 1 and more than 1,000 autos have been seized till now,\" said Ranchi SP (traffic) Chandra Shekhar Prasad.Jharkhand Pradesh Diesel Auto Chalak Maha Sangh, which called the strike, claimed that over 7,000 autos had participated in the agitation. Organization's general secretary Sunil Singh claimed that the strike was successful. There are 8,000-odd autos in the district and of them 5,000-odd are 15 years' old.The sangh is demanding that the seizure campaign be stopped. \"There are around 5,000 autos which are 15 years' old. If the campaign does not stop where will they go? There is no other way they can feed their kids at home\" said Singh.Citing congestion, the administration has refused to give permits to new autos. The sangh has warned of severe protests if the demands are not fulfilled.\"We will meet MLAs and ask them to raise the issue in the assembly,\" said Singh.The striking auto drivers would gherao the deputy commissioner of Ranchi also. \"We will burn effigies of the district administration tomorrow (Saturday),\" said a striking auto driver Gopal Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15444925", "title": "CNN, Time magazine suspend Fareed Zakaria for plagiarism", "text": "NEW YORK: Noted Indian-American journalist and author Fareed Zakaria has been suspended by his employers CNN and Time magazine after he admitted to plagiarism and apologised for the ethical lapse.Zakaria, was suspended by CNN and Time magazine after he admitted that he had plagiarised portions of an article he wrote on gun control for Time, from the New Yorker magazine.He issued an apology saying he had made a \"terrible mistake\" and his lifting a paragraph from the article by Harvard University professor of American history Jill Lepore was an \"ethical lapse\".Zakaria, 48, a Yale and Harvard graduate, had written the column on gun control that appeared in the August 20 issue of Time magazine.Time said it was suspending Zakaria's column for a month, pending review.\"Time accepts Fareed's apology, but what he did violates our own standards for our columnists, which is that their work must not only be factual but original; their views must not only be their own but their words as well,\" Ali Zelenko, a spokeswoman for the magazine said.\"As a result, we are suspending Fareed's column for a month, pending further review,\" Time said.CNN, on which Zakaria hosts a weekly foreign affairs show 'Fareed Zakaria GPS', said it would suspend the show for an indefinite period pending review.\"We have reviewed Fareed Zakaria's Time column, for which he has apologised. He wrote a shorter blog post on CNN.com on the same issue which included similar unattributed excerpts. That blog post has been removed and CNN has suspended Fareed Zakaria while this matter is under review,\" CNN said.In a statement Zakaria said, \"Media reporters have pointed out that paragraphs in my Time column on gun control, which was also a topic of conversation on this blog, bear close similarities to paragraphs in Jill Lepore's essay in the April 23rd issue of The New Yorker. They are right. I made a terrible mistake.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15443352", "title": "Now, a hang out joint for kids too", "text": "NAGPUR: For the restless kids of today, who are forever yearning for entertainment Kids Cafe has all the answers. A combination of food, entertainment and information, this venture proposes to create an exclusive space for children to indulge themselves.Set up opposite the Traffic Park at Dharampeth by city-based Fylfot Hospitality Ltd, the cafe with a capacity to hold fifty persons at a time is divided into five sections, each holding a unique attraction for children in the age group of 3 to 15 years.Explaining the concept during an interaction, MD and CEO Pankaj Upadhyay said that this is a first of its kind venture in the country, which began with a launch in Pune. \"Plush restaurants and lounges cater to adults and there are coffee chain outlets where the youth hang out. This cafe is exclusively for kids, where adults can accompany them.\"The cafe has been tailored to meet all the requirements of young ones. One room holds the game console, there is a mini pool table, foosball table, dedicated space for car racing, a counter serving food and beverages, and a room with sponge flooring filled with soft toys and board games. There are picture books and classic tales for kids to browse through and read.All this entertainment will be subtly blended with knowledge and goodness. \"We have tied up with Helpage India and Simile. Senior citizens would be visiting the cafe on special occasions to give information about religious and cultural topics,\" informs Upadhayay, adding that even the food menu will include nutritious items prepared in consultation with dietitians.The cafe will attract walk-in clients during the evening hours, but it is looking to invite pre-primary schools to host picnics and events here during the day. \"This is a safe place for very young kids to spend time and enjoy. We are contacting schools to promote this concept,\" says Upadhayay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441026", "title": "Netizens angry as Gopal Kanda evades arrest", "text": "NEW DELHI: In less than a week, Gopal Goyal Kanda has become a much-reviled name not only on the street but also in the virtual world. Five Facebook pages titled 'justice for Geetika Sharma' have come into existence and hundreds of people have expressed their condolence and demanded justice for the former MDLR Group employee who committed suicide on Sunday. People are also expressing their opinion on the case and posting important developments on the social platform.While these new Facebook pages have been created between August 6 and 10, the one titled 'Gopal Kanda' has been flooded with abusive comments for the former Haryana minister who is accused of driving Geetika to suicide. People's anger is directed not only at Kanda but also the police that is believed to have gone slow in the early phase of the investigation.On the 'Gopal Kanda' Facebook page, a woman director of a foreign travel-planning agency writes: \"I met this Gopal, around 2004-2005. He was building his farmhouse on the Gurgaon-Faridabad road and at the same time he was building his house in Gurgaon near his MDLR office too. His own office staff asked me not to deal with him as he is the biggest womanizer in town. He asked me to send some other male staff from our office! He had a room on the rooftop of this MDLR office building which he uses for ********. He keeps the Gurgaon police in his palm.\" (sic).Many such comments have flooded other websites also. Twitter is alive with remarks against Kanda \u2014 which is trending as well. Just type Gopal Kanda in the Twitter search box to witness the uproar against the MLA. Even news websites, including the online edition of The Times of India, have been receiving a stream of comments from users across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15443012", "title": "Maoists expel Italian kidnap mastermind", "text": "KOLKATA: Sabyasachi Panda, the Maoists' Odisha strongman who masterminded the kidnapping of Italians Paolo Bosusco and Claudio Colangelo this March, has been expelled by the CPI(Maoist). The Odisha government will see his ouster as a boost in its battle against the insurgency, but security officials fear an escalation of faction fights and violence in the state's Maoist infested and rural areas.Panda, secretary of the CPI(Maoist)'s Odisha state organizing committee, was considered a promising leader of the outfit. His expulsion was announced in a press statement by the party's politburo member Anand, who is also secretary of the party's central regional bureau.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441927", "title": "No relief for petitioner in uniform policy plea", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday did not grant any interim relief to a petitioner who challenged the decentralization of a scheme by the state government to procure fabric for school uniforms for its 60,000 schools, since the academic year has already begun.A bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shahd and Justice Nitin Jamdar asked the Union HRD ministry to be made a party to the petition and posted the matter for hearing in December after the state filed a detailed affidavit justifying recent changes in the scheme to provide school uniforms to girls, SC/ST and BPL boys studying in classes I to VIII in government and self-government schools.State lawyer Abinandan Vagyani opposed the PIL filed by M/s Dilip Khisti challenging the state's policy requiring schools to buy cloth for uniforms from the local market. Khisti's counsel Ravi Adsure argued that the state's policy was contrary to Central guidelines that envisaged procurement through empanelled contractors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15442636", "title": "16-yr-old feared drowned", "text": "NASHIK: A teenager, Lalit Bodak (16), resident of Potinde Chawl in the Krantinagar area of Panchavati, is feared to have drowned in the Godavari near Gharpure Ghat on Friday.Fire department personnel said they received a call about the incident at around 11.30am and rushed to the spot of the incident. A team of 25 was deployed to search for the victim but met with no success.Parents of the missing boy also rushed to the incident spot, though according to fire department officials, reports of the incident had not been confirmed at the said spot.Anil Mahajan, fire department chief, said a call was placed about the drowning but the caller was not present when firemen reached the spot. Bodak is reportedly a class XII student at NDMVP College.Mishap at pondA 17- year- old engineering student, Devarsha Nandrem, who was a student of Loknete Gopalrao Gulve Engineering College at Vilholi, drowned in a pond after he slipped into it police said. The victim had played dahi handi on the college campus and had gone to the pontd to wash clothes. He was rushed to Civil Hospital, but was declared dead on admission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15441934", "title": "Teach India comes calling to Himachal hills", "text": "SHIMLA: The hills of Himachal Pradesh are all set to touch a new high. On Saturday, as the sun rises over the mountains, a revolution takes shape - Teach India comes to the hills.And, also on Saturday, four siblings will present their brother a unique gift, perhaps unparalled in the world. They will present this edition of Teach India as a gift to Sri Prakash Lohia, of the Indorama family, to commemorate his 60th birthday.The idea was generated when the siblings -- Om Prakash Lohia, Ajey Lohia, Aruna Goenka and Aloke Lohia - wanted to make Sri Prakash Lohia's birthday on August 11 the best day in his life.\"We chose Teach India as a gift as we wanted to share our joy with others. And, we knew that our brother gets unparalleled joy in any job-creating activity. Teach India was thus a natural choice as it makes youth employable through the language of business - English,\" they said.Their thought echoes the underlying philosophy of Teach India - 'Spoken English for employability'. It is a Times of India initiative that teaches spoken English, along with confidence-building skills, to underprivileged youth to make them employable for entry level jobs in various sectors, from retail and banking to quick service restaurants (QSR) and from information technology-enabled services (ITES) to hospitality and domestic BPO.Teach India, to be launched on October 2, will be conducted in centres spread across Himachal Pradesh to train youth in the age group of 18-32 years.Teach India comes to the hill state riding on the success in Delhi and Mumbai, where more than 10,000 underprivileged youth have completed the programme. More than a third of them are first generation learners and more than 60% of the learners have secured jobs with companies like Big Bazaar, Easyday, Tata AIG, Cafe Coffee Day, Pizza Hut and KFC.Teach India operates in partnership with the British Council and NGOs. British Council is the knowledge partner whereas the partner NGOs reach deep into communities to identify youth seeking employment opportunities.The programme is delivered by teachers who are intensively trained in unique pedagogical techniques requited for such a campaign.The curriculum has been designed after extensive need analysis of all stakeholders - learners, instructors and potential employers. The learner-focused approach distinguishes the programme.The ratio of student talk time to teacher talk time in a typical Teach India classroom is a big 90:10. And, this is a reason why the transformation in an individual's skills is visible within a matter of weeks of commencement of class. The programme ends with a Times of India signature curriculum module, 'Face the World,' which focuses on honing soft skills and interview skills of learners. Classes are held for two hours a day, six days a week for over approximately three months.After the programme, the Times Group holds multi-company job fairs for the learners. Companies from sectors like retail, QSR, ITES participate. Almost 65% learners have secured job offers through these fairs, in comparison to an industry average of 20% in such typical fairs. Learners who choose not to participate in the job fairs usually become self employed or secure employment through their own efforts.What will Teach India do in Himachal?\u00b7 Impart spoken English and confidence building soft skills to underprivileged youth\u00b7 Make them employable for entry-level jobs in customer connect function in retail, banking, hospitality and domestic BPO sectors\u00b7 Three-month spoken English curriculum designed by British Council and imparted through centers run by NGOs spread across Himachal PradeshWhat brings Teach India to Himachal?\u00b7 It is gift for Sri Prakash Lohia of the Indorama family on his 60th birthday on Saturday. The Indorama family is a leader in polyester and resin having operations in 39 locations across 19 countries.Who all are giving this surprise gift?Sri Prakash Lohia's sublings -- Om Prakash Lohia, Ajey Lohia, Aruna Goenka and Aloke Lohia.Why Teach India as a gift ?\u00b7 Siblings want to share their joy with others\u00b7 They know their brother gets great joy in any job creating activity. Teach India was thus a natural choice as it makes youth employable through the language of business - English", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15449563", "title": "Teri Meri Love Stories to shoot at Pataudi Palace", "text": "Dimple Jhangiani, who was last seen in Rajan Shahi's 'Amrit Manthan' was recently in news for her unceremonious exit from the show.However, the actress nowadays is basking in the glory as she got a chance to shoot at the Pataudi Palace. Dimple will soon be seen in Star Plus' telefilm 'Teri Meri Love Stories' made by Rajan Shahi. The shooting for the telefilm took place at the Patuadi Palace, one and a half hour away from Gurgaon which will also be the venue for Saif -Kareena's wedding.Dimple considers herself lucky to be a part of the film and for being able to stay in Saif's Mahal in Pataudi Palace.The film is about a couple getting married and involves all the necessary marriage rituals.On being asked about staying in Saif Ali Khan's room in Pataudi Palace she says, \" to pataudi palace was like a dream come true and then staying in Saif's room was like an icing on the cake. My dream came true as Saif is one of my favourite actors. It was a beautiful and huge room. It was an amazing experience and I feel like visiting the place again. Even Julia Roberts has visited Pataudi palace which makes me feel even luckier. I am eternally grateful to Producer Rajan Shahi for casting me for the telefilm.\"On being asked which Saif film she likes? An elated Dimple says, \"Hum Tum, Tashan, Agent Vinod, Cocktail, Kal Ho Na Ho\" and what she feels about Saif-Kareena getting married she says, \"I feel good, the best part is one of their wedding functions is at the pataudi palace where we visited. Kareena is lucky as she will be marrying a nawab!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15442650", "title": "World heritage tag proposed for four sites in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: India may be gifted with tens of thousands of heritage properties, but its contribution to the UNESCO's World Heritage Sites is only 28.Lack of well selected and prioritized Tentative List (TL) is said to be the main reason for the slow nomination to UNESCO, which maintains 962 World Heritage Sites across the globe.Even though UNESCO recommends that a country's TL be updated at least every 10 years, it's not strictly followed. India currently has 32 properties on its TL, first prepared in 1998. To find a solution this, a workshop on \"Revision of Tentative List for India', organised by the ASI Chennai Circle and Department of Tourism, Tamil Nadu in consultation with the Advisory Committee on World Heritage Matters (ACWHM), was held in the city on Friday.The fourth zonal workshop organised in a series of six workshops, focussed on review of existing and proposed properties on the TL in Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Kerala and Andhra Pradesh and the Union Territory of Lakshadweep and Puducherry. \"The idea is to identify likely trends in the TL nominations and also to develop a more scientific approach in the selection of sites. The results of the workshop will be presented at the South Asia Regional Workshop scheduled in Delhi in December and the final recommendations from the workshop will be used to prepare the revised TL for 2012,\" explained Sujit Banerjee, Chairman, ACWHM.At least 350 people participated in workshop, which witnessed interesting presentations of sites proposed to be included in the TL. While presenting his paper on Fort St George, Sriram V, convener, INTACH Chennai, said it is high time this building is included in the list. The other presentations from Tamil Nadu were made by Bernard Dragan (Chettinad), Roopmathi Anand (Srirangam Temple) and Xavier Benedict (Pulicat). Representatives, NGOs and heritage experts from states like Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Kerala and Karnataka and Union Territories of Lakshadweep and Puducherry participated in the workshop.TL is an inventory of properties situated in a country which it considers suitable for inscription on the WHL. Nominations to the WHL are not considered unless the nominated property has already been included on the country's TL for at least a year. Talking to TOI, Aruna Bagchee, chairperson, Tentative List Working Group, said the presentations from the southern region were excellent. \"We had quite a number of presentations from various states. We have to sit and work on the recommendations now. We hope we can file the final report to the Union ministry of culture by December,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15449578", "title": "More passengers travelling in higher classes of reserved accommodation", "text": "LUCKNOW: Passengers are preferring to board higher classes of train travel. The figures released by the ministry of railways show that the number of passengers travelling in higher classes of reserved accommodation have increased by 8.95 per cent in April-June 2012 period, when compared to the corresponding period of the previous year.This increase in passenger traffic is due to a combination of factors like general increase in demand, growth in peak season rush, etc. and hence cannot be attributed solely to hike in airfare or otherwise.A large number of e-tickets are booked every day through the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) website. In the month of June 2012, on an average 3.44 lakh tickets were booked per day.In the month of June 2012, the numbers of completed transactions were 103.61 lakh out of a total 138.79 lakh. The reasons for incomplete transactions included non-availability of lower berths, entry of wrong password, entry of wrong Personal Identification Number (PIN) by customer, insufficient balance and network failure etc.The working of the system is regularly monitored. The following measures have been taken to improve the functioning of the IRCTC website: capacity of the servers has been upgraded to meet the demand, agents have been restricted from booking Tatkal tickets and on the opening day of the Advance Reservation Period (ARP) between 0800 hours and 1200 hours, internet bandwidth has been increased to 450 Mbps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15445077", "title": "Making desi 24 is not about moolah: Anil Kapoor", "text": "Anil Kapoor is gung-ho about his Indian remake of the cult American television series 24. TOI gets the actor to bare all about his ambitious projectHow was the experience of putting together your team on 24? Let me confess, 24 is a very big thing for me. I've a big responsibility toward myself, the American producers Fox , and Keifer Sutherland , who played the lead in the original. We first got Abhinay Deo as creative head. I had seen his ads, and then Delhi Belly . When I spoke to Aamir Khan , he advised me Abhinay was up to the responsibility of helming 24 . Abhinay is shoulder-toshoulder with me on this. Abhinay wanted Rensil d'Silva as writer. Eventually, we selected him as we thought, he shared our excitement. And he has come up with some fantastic writing.Are you taking the American team, especially Keifer Sutherland, into confidence? Keifer is not a part of our 24. It's mainly Howard Gordon of Fox. I've worked with them. And now, they too are eager to see the Indian version. Otherwise, there's no interference from them.Have you finally found a broadcaster? There were reports you'd been asking for astronomical sums for the telecast rights of the series? We're still talking to various broadcasters. All the details will be finalised within a month. I don't want to let down my friends in America. The aesthetics and canvas of our 24 should be comparable to theirs.And doing the Indian version of the series is not about making money. We are into it because it has the potential of taking Indian television to another level. Our main challenge is to adapt it to Indian sensibilities.When do you hope to have 24 ready for telecast? Till it's a hundred per cent right, I am not going on air. We'll have a bank of seven to eight episodes before we start.How did you find the time for this project? I've put everything else on hold. My agent in Los Angeles , USA, has stopped all negotiations for new international projects. I've also sacrificed four to five major projects in India. In fact, I've been working on 24 for nearly one-and-ahalf years now. By October, I'll complete my film assignments and devote the next six to seven months only to playing my part in 24.Will your interpretation of Sutherland's role be different? Even if I achieve 60-70 per cent of what he has done, I'd be happy. He is brilliant in the series. Keifer and I have different faces and personalities. I'm a huge admirer of Keifer's work in 24. I am sure any actor in the world, no matter how accomplished, would have to respect what Keifer has done in 24 while reprising his role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15447331", "title": "Allu Arjun's Vizag connect works again", "text": "Whenever Allu Arjun shoots for his film in Vizag, it definitely scores success at the box office. Apparently, the stylish star seems to have followed this mantra in his latest release \"Julayi\" too.Director Trivikram Srinivas has filmed few scenes of the film in Vizag and this has worked in their favour. Allu Arjun's previous films Arya, Bunny, Desamuduru and Parugu have been shot in Vizag and have turned out to be hits at the box-office. And the mantra also worked for Allu Arjun for Julayi, which was also declared a hit.Allu Arjun was under pressure to deliver a hit and the actor breathed a sigh of relief when Julayi opened to a positive response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15442510", "title": "Hole in the heart closed through a hole in chest", "text": "CHENNAI: Doctors from a city hospital recently closed a hole in a patient's heart through just a 5-cm incision on the right side of his chest. This is a path-breaking technique, compared to the earlier procedure of making a 25-cm cut in the front of the chest and splitting the breast bone to reach the heart.The doctors at Madras Medical Mission say the procedure to close a hole was done by minimally invasive cardiac surgery for the first time in the city. The patient was 23-year old Mary from Tirunelveli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15442843", "title": "Patna\u2019s modern slaughter house project in limbo", "text": "PATNA: The Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) project of a modern slaughter house at Rama Chakberia on Patna-Gaya road is in limbo due to the agitation by residents of the area around the allotted land. Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) is looking for an alternative place to complete the Rs 26 crore slaughter house project.The project of a modern slaughter house at Rama Chakberia on a 5-acre plot, to be monitored by the PMC, was approved by the central animal husbandry and fisheries department two years ago. \"The state government had earlier allotted 70 acres land for garbage disposal and five acres for the construction of a modern slaughter house,\" said Ravindra Kumar Verma, chief engineer, PMC.Verma said the PMC was no longer monitoring the existing slaughter house at Shahganj in Patna City area. The licence of the slaughter house was cancelled following a Patna high court order in 2011, he said. The locals have been demanding for its shifting to some other place.According to the rules for construction of a slaughter house, an area of 5km around the site should have no human habitat. The allotted area is densely populated and the residents have been protesting the proposed slaughter house.\"The project will cost around Rs 26 crore. The central animal husbandry and fisheries department had released Rs 1.9 crore to the state government. But due to the locals protest, we could not take the no-objection letter from the pollution control board,\" said Verma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15443314", "title": "Water level in major reservoirs across Vidarbha rises", "text": "NAGPUR: June was almost dry but middle of July and first week of the current month saw good rainy days in several parts of the state. As a result, the water stocks in major reservoirs that dipped to precarious levels of below 20% have now risen to 43%. Sowing operations were completed in 94% of the cultivable land in the state.As per the latest review of the drought-like situation undertaken by the state cabinet this week, of the eight districts that have received 100% or more of its average annual rainfall, six are in Vidarbha \u2014 Nagpur, Akola, Washim, Yavatmal, Amravati and Gadchiroli. The other two are Ratnagiri and Satara.As per rainfall updates till August 7, only Mumbai and Jalna districts recorded below 50% rains. Nine districts have got 76% to 100% rains while there are 16 districts recording between 50% and 75% of average rainfall for the respective areas.With the moderate improvement in situation, the government has decided to close down all cattle shelter camps and emergency fodder depots from August 15 and restart them where there is acute need after fresh assessment of prevailing conditions. Similarly, supply of water through tankers will be continued till August 31. After that the district collectors will decide on further course.Till now 1543 tankers have been pressed into service for water supply in 15 districts facing acute shortage to cater to over 30 lakh population. Fodder depots numbering 344 were operational in Sangli (73), Satara (38), Solapur (65), Pune (22), Nashik (6), Osmanabad (33) and Ahmadnagar (107) through which nearly 9 lakh tonnes of fodder was delivered at a cost of Rs221 crore. Cattle shelters were opened at 44 places in the state, including Ahmadnagar (26), Satara (16) and one each in Nashik and Sangli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15443396", "title": "Want to see masks? Today is the last day", "text": "MYSORE: It's all about masks used in ritual/cultural and mythological performances across India.Those who are curious about popular masks in India, here is a right place for them. As part of the World Indigenous People Day celebrations, Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manava Sangrahalaya (IGRMS) has displayed their collection of masks at its campus in Wellington House, on Irwin road.The expo will conclude on Saturday at 5 pm. Entry is free.IGRMS in-charge officer J Vijay Mohan says they have exhibited some 82 masks from several states and each has a different story to tell.Gujarat' Bhawada masks which are made of wood and plastered with mud are considered heaviest than any other masks found all over India. This mask is used in typical spiritual form of dance-drama which his popular among Konknas in GujaratWhile Bhatra, a tribal group residing in Odisha bordering Baster region of Chhattisgarh , makes light-weight masks of paper pulp through which the stories from the Mahabharata and the Ramayana are performed.Various types of Buddhist masks from Ladakh to Arunchal Pradesh too are on display. They are commonly used for ritual purpose.In different regions they are known by different names like Bhotia masks in Himachal Pradesh , Lama or Tibetan masks in Sikkim and West Bengal and Monpa masks in Arunachal Pradesh. These masks have become part of their culture to personify invisible spirits.Vijaymohan says usually masks are made of wood or paper pulp, but in some parts of India there is the trend of making metal masks using iron, brass and bronze.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15443224", "title": "Drunk man falls asleep on moving baggage belt", "text": "LONDON: A drunk Norwegian tourist raised a security alarm at Rome's Fiumicino airport after he fell asleep on a baggage belt and travelled 160 feet before being spotted by an X-ray scanner.The 36-year-old arrived at the international terminal of Italy's busiest airport at the end of last month with a backpack and a can of beer in his hand.The Norwegian was due to check in for a flight to Oslo and when he found no one on duty at the airline desk he leapt across the counter and fell into a deep asleep on the baggage belt with his bag beside him, the Daily Mail reported.As the belt began to move the unsuspecting tourist reportedly travelled for 15 minutes through the secure baggage area before officials spotted his body curled up in a fetal position in an X-ray image on their monitors.He slept through the whole episode and airport police had trouble waking him when they were called to the scene to investigate what had happened.A senior officer with Fiumicino airport police on Thursday said the incident exposed no weaknesses in the terminal's security and it was not the first kind of incident involving \"drunks or people with psychological problems\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15441108", "title": "Jharkhand government to submit Sarju Development Plan to Jairam Ramesh", "text": "RANCHI: The \"liberated zone\" of Sarju in Latehar district is all set for a revolution through a development plan of the government, which will formally be submitted to the Union rural development minister, Jairam Ramesh , during his visit two-day visit to the state beginning Saturday.The Rs-400 crore Sarju Development Plan is believed to be double the size of the Saranda Development Plan. The deputy commissioner of Latehar, Aradhna Patnayak, said the project aims to develop the Maoist-hit area on the border of Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh with a special focus on skill and infrastructure development.\"We have already prepared the blueprint. This will be the second initiative in Jharkhand to tackle Maoist problems by the Centre after the Saranda Development Plan,\" said Patnayak, adding that the plan is to take the fruits of development to the last person even in the remotest area of the district.The project will cover 12 panchayats spread over four blocks with a population of around 55,000. \"We are going to construct 121 roads, the total length of which will be around 1,000 km, some primary schools, upgrade existing primary schools into middle and high schools, set up healthcare and community centres in the area,\" said Patnayak, who will present the project on behalf of the state government during a meeting with the Union minister on Saturday.Deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahato, who is also in-charge of rural development, will be present.Every individual living in the area, which at present is almost devoid of roads and healthcare facilities will get the best care once the project is completed.The project will lay special emphasis on skill development of youths by providing them industrial training at the institutes and polytechnics of the region. \"We want to make them skilled enough so that they get the best opportunities,\" said Patnayak.Sources in the Union rural development ministry said Ramesh will also have a meeting with chief minister Arjun Munda and discuss the progress of Saranda Development Plan and other central projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15443357", "title": "This year, 131 cases flood anti-ragging national helpline", "text": "In 2011, Anna University suspended a group of second and third year students for ragging first-year students. This year, a leading college on the city's outskirts had to take disciplinary action against 10 seniors for harassing a first-year student. Both cases were not brought to the notice of police, but academic authorities did initiate action against the offenders.Today, the menace of ragging is being fought through a two-pronged approach. Government has created a reporting mechanism to ensure that educational institutions do not brush incidents under the carpet and secondly, serious cases are dealt with in a legal manner. The HRD ministry has received 67 complaints from first-year students in colleges across the country since the start of the academic year. The ministry has closed 16 cases. Inquiries are being conducted on the remaining, but only a few have been brought to the notice of the police.In all, the figures suggest reporting of ragging on the national helpline has been on the rise since the mechanism was introduced in 2009. In most cases, educational authorities have acted on their own without involving the police.\"We show no leniency in dealing with the problem, but we do not take every issue to police because we will lose the confidence of students. The situation will become too complicated and the informant or complainant will be under too much pressure,\" said a professor, who declined to be named.TN was one of the first states to make ragging a cognizable offence. The Tamil Nadu Prohibition of Ragging Act 1997 was enacted after a medical student at Annamalai University, was murdered by his senior. But, over the years academicians have begun to feel that the offence needs to be decriminalized and discussed in the open so awareness is created about how it affects students rather than treat them like criminals.D Purandeswari, minister of state for human resource development, voiced similar reservations about the Prohibition and Eradication of Ragging Bill 2011 when it was being debated in the Rajya Sabha on Thursday. The bill seeks to debar the convicted student from continuing studies in any school or college for three years.\"We cannot eradicate ragging by bringing in yet another legislation . We are seeing a decline in number of cases though more students are coming forward to report instances of ragging. The issue should be addressed holistically rather than as a law and order problem,\" she had said.A professor, who declined to be named, also blamed students' ignorance as the cause of the menace. \"Many cases of ragging occur because of the ignorance of a student. We are of the opinion that a momentary act of indiscretion should not be allowed to spoil the student's future.\"Menial jobs, beating sessions greet juniorsArun Janardhanan Many private engineering colleges in the city, with 'highly-fortified walls of discipline', are campuses where ragging still exists in its most primitive and inhuman form. And despite the state treating it as a cognizable offence and several court orders having been issued in this regard.While IIT-Madras has ensured better student-student relations and more space for interactions between junior and senior students, those who live in private colleges and universities have to go through hell.Some are forced to do menial jobs for the seniors. In a private engineering college in the suburbs, the senior students have imposed a ban on juniors from wearing any branded shirts, jeans or shoes and possessing electronic gadgets. There are special beating sessions every week for which students have to appear without fail.Shockingly, many such cases go unheard as the faculty in charge of student affairs and hostels are used to such practices. \"When I raised my voice against seniors, my hostel warden first advised and then warned me. If we complain to the warden, senior students will immediately get the news. Severe torturing sessions will follow,\" says a student, who does not want to be named. He had paid 8 lakh for his engineering seat.A first year student from another college said, \"We are not allowed to visit shopping malls or watch a movie in multiplexes. Since we are allowed to leave the campus only on weekends, our seniors make sure that we end up in their rooms to do menial jobs. If they come to know that we have visited malls or a cinema hall, there will be severe beating sessions. They mostly slap us on the face.\"Most of these colleges maintain their own laws and rules inside the classroom and hostels facilitating a ragging environment. \"In my college, boys are not allowed to interact with girls. College staff deputed to watch out for juniors will threaten us if we mingle with each other,\" says a student.And if one thought that ragging was limited to students, then think again! Teachers also fall prey to different forms of inhuman practices. A junior level faculty , who works in a leading private university , say they are not allowed to use chairs in the classroom. \"The senior faculties and department heads will come and scold us before the students if we take a chance to sit on the table during five-hour long class sessions,\" she said.However, several arts and science colleges in the city, including Loyola, Madras Christian College, have better models of mentoring and students' interaction sessions to avoid tension among students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15449441", "title": "Workshop on Pre-natal sex determination and female foeticide", "text": "NAGPUR: Police department organized a workshop on the pre-natal sex-determination and female foeticide to take steps to curb the social evil.The workshop, attended by social workers, senior medical officers and gynaecologists apart from police personnel, took place atpolice gymkhana earlier this week. The perilous trend of female foeticide has led to serious problems of skewed male-female ratio in different parts of the country leading to crimes like human trafficking and kidnapping for marriages, especially among the economically weaker section of the society.Apart from city and rural police, officials from different districts like Bhandara, Chandrapur, Wardha and other places attended the workshops. City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay, who inaugurated the workshop, threw lights on the legal provisions and related checks available in the legal books to fight the trend.He stressed on sections of the law that would be helpful to book the offenders in such cases. Inspector general of police, Nagpur range, Rajender Singh enlightened the assembled officials about the way in which action can be taken against the offenders. Singh focused mainly on sensitizing the officials about such cases. During his address, Singh stated how the police officials should receive such complaints and ways to deal with them.He also included the importance of creating informer base which would provide secret information to police regarding such practices. Civil surgeon Dr Vijay Kumar Badhe was also among the ones to be present at the workshop along with social worker Seema Sakhre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15446052", "title": "Double bonanza for Seema Singh", "text": "Seema Singh recently did two item numbers for Bhojpuri film 'Dil Ho Gayeel Kurbaan' produced by R.S.Tripathi and directed by Brijbhushan. Seema Singh also acted in two other films, 'Naach Dulari Naach' and 'Laadli'.'Naach Dulari Naach' is produced under the banner of Balaji Films Pvt Ltd. and directed by Sridhar Shetty. 'Ladli' is produced by Narendra Bakhta, Kumar Prasad and Sanjeev Singh Krishna under the banner of Avinash Motion Pictures. In both the movies her roles are strikingly opposite and she is very excited to see audience reaction.Source: bhojpuri.co", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441679", "title": "Tardeo bldg blaze victim recovering", "text": "MUMBAI: A 40-year-old man, Nandkishore Ghagre, who was admitted to Nair Hospital after being rescued from Tardeo's Everest Building, is recovering, doctors said on Friday.A fire had broken out in the 10-storey commercial building on Thursday. Ghagre, who was admitted to the hospital due to inhalation of fumes, has been taken off ventilator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15445348", "title": "Shivanna's birthday proceedings a mega event!", "text": "When the Rajkumar family got together to celebrate Shivarajkumar's 50th birthday, the proceedings were about doing good for society. That evening, Shivanna and his family went about officially announcing their several charitable activities.The actor's fans did their bit too, by organizing performances to showcase some of the most memorable songs from Shivanna's milestone films. While the actor's brothers Raghavendra and Puneet played perfect hosts during the evening, Raghavendra's son Vinay, who is rumoured to be preparing for a film debut, was seen keenly watching all the onstage antics, along with cousin Niveditha.Times of India spotted deputy chief minister R Ashok, Rebel Star Ambareesh, Bharati Vishnuvardhan and son-in-law Anirudha, Rockline Venkatesh and KV Chandrashekhar, among others, at this do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441864", "title": "200 acres to be excluded for airport expansion", "text": "MUMBAI: The sight of slums that announces the descent to Mumbai airport is here to stay. In an admission of its inability to clear encroachments, nearly 200 acres of designated airport land encroached upon is to be excluded from the modernization and expansion plans for the Chhatrapati Shivaji international airport. Only 104 acres of the encroached land required for aeronautical purposes are to be cleared.The MMRDA, the planning authority for the airport area, in a modified interim draft development plan, proposed the exclusion for now of the encroached areas.MMRDA said the airport in the heart of Mumbai was facing a serious impact due to encroachments and slums. \"This has created a scarcity of land needed for the airport's expansion, aviation security issues, traffic congestion and drainage.'' The airport's modernization and expansion were to be spread over 1,982 acres.There was widespread opposition, particularly from within the Congress, to the removal of slums on airport land and their relocation to far-off places. The Slum Rehabilitation Authority, HDIL (the developer for the rehab flats) and MMRDA were unable to locate vacant land closeby.It would have involved the internal displacement of nearly 4 lakh people.Congress MPs Priya Dutt and Gurudas Kamat , some MLAs and corporators had opposed the removal of encroachments as it involved rehabilitation more than 3 km away. Many Congress corporators and MLAs also stood to lose huge portions of their vote-banks. Another fallout of the rehabilitation programme was that many slum-dwellers, encouraged by powerful politicians from the ruling party, had begun hiving off units into smaller ones to get free flats under the scheme.Krishna Hegde, an MLA from Vile Parle, stood to lose nearly two-thirds of his constituency with the displacement. \"Forget about me losing my constituency, people stood to lose livelihoods and children would have had to stop going to school,'' he said. Slum ZoneThe MMRDA said slums in the south sector ( Santa Cruz , Kalina) are to be excluded from the development plan. In the east, Kurla, Kirol, Mohili and Asalpha are to be excluded. \"This zone consists of physically segregated non-contiguous land parcels. A large part of the sector falls under the flight path and future development in the zone shall be subject to the permissible height as per AAI guidelines,'' MMRDA said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15441238", "title": "Yasin Bhatkal one of the August 1 Pune bombers?", "text": "PUNE: Investigators suspect that Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative Yasin Bhatkal, the man most wanted for a string of terror attacks across the country, planted one of the bombs on Jangli Maharaj road on August 1, around four hours before four low-intensity blasts rocked Pune.Sources told TOI that the investigators, while inspecting CCTV foot-age collected from various establishments on J M road, zeroed in on a man, bearing a strong resemblance to Yasin, coming on a bicycle and parking it opposite the Sai Service petrol pump.The bomb, which was placed in a basket strapped on to the handle of the bicycle, did not go off. The bomb disposal squad later defused the explosive.\"The footage showed that after parking the bicycle there around 3 pm, the man left the spot quickly. After minutely going through the footage, the investigators strongly suspect the man to be Yasin Bhatkal,\" sources said.A key IM operative who also operates under the aliases Siddibappa and Shahrukh, Yasin is wanted for the German Bakery blast in which 17 people were killed, apart from several other blasts across the country. He has managed to evade the police since 2008. His image was also captured on CCTV at the German Bakery on February 13, 2010.Sources said the investigators have identified three more persons who they suspect are involved in the J M road blasts. One of them is believed to be Kondhwa resident Mohsin Chaudhury, another key IM operative, who has been on the run since 2008.The investigators' strong suspicion that the man seen in the CCTV footage could be Yasin is strengthened by the fact that the IM operative is known to personally go to sites of the different blasts he is believed to have engineered across the country.\"Yasin is known to himself direct terror attacks and provide support to other bomb planters. The investigators are also examining the CCTV footage of a few days before the J M road blasts,\" the sources said.Amitesh Kumar, additional commissioner of police of the state anti-terrorism squad, said, \"I don't have any such information about the man (Yasin Bhatkal).\" In Mumbai, sources from the security establishment said that Yasin is a \"weird person\" who is capable of planting the bombs himself. \"But in this case, we are not sure as of now,\" an official said.Yasin's name first came up in 2008 after the arrest of IM operatives from Pune and Mangalore. Investigators said he had gone to Pakistan for terror training and knows how to assemble bombs. In the Mumbai 13/7 serial blasts, the investigators suspected Yasin of having personally given explosives and detonators to his aides to be delivered to Mumbai.In November 2011, Delhi Police arrested four IM men, including Pakistani national Mohammed Adil, Mohammed Qateel Siddiqui, Gauhar Aziz Khomani and Gayoor Jamali from the capital's Nangloi area. During interrogation, they told the police that Yasin and his father-in-law, Mohammed Irshad Khan, had fled the place immediately after news of the arrests had leaked out.Police then learnt that Yasin was staying with Irshad Khan at a relative's house in Selaiyur, Chennai. The Delhi police raided the house and arrested Irshad, but Yasin, who had gone to the market, slipped away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "15441169", "title": "4 cops held after undertrials escape", "text": "FARIDABAD: Two undertrials escaped from the custody of Faridabad police while being taken back to Neemka Jail, where they were lodged. The undertrials, Suresh and Vikas, have been charged with attempted murder. They were produced in Kaithal court on Thursday. The police team accompanying the accused had stopped by to have dinner at a roadside eatery near Ajronda Chowk. They were returning to the police van after dinner when the accused broke free.The police team consisted of sub-inspector Ramsia, Krishan and Balram of head constable rank, and driver Lajwant. DCP Rajkumar Vashishth said all the four policemen have been arrested on charges of negligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15443640", "title": "When kin turn killers", "text": "LUDHIANA: Like everywhere else, the city too has its share of unhappy families, some of whose soured relations have of late taken a fatal turn. Since July, Ludhiana has seen five murders and astonishingly all of these were a fallout of strained relations among family members.On July 17, two murders had shocked Punjab Mata Nagar. Rewa, 8, and her grandfather Narinder Kumar Anand, 62, were found brutally killed at their residence. During probe, the police suspected Narinder's daughter-in-law and Rewa's step-mother Reena Anand. The next day during interrogation, she spilled the beans and said her greed for property had made her commit the crime.The city was still trembling with the two murders when as many more were reported in Bajra Colony. Seema, 30, and her mother Usha Rani, 55, were killed with a sharp-edged weapon on August 7. Seema, who was six months pregnant, shared bitter relations with her in-laws. And when the two visited her in-laws house, an altercation ensued following which Subhash Chander, her father-in-law, and Darshna, her mother-in-law, attacked them with a sharp-edged weapon. The accused were arrested the next day.Hardly a couple of days had passed when Himanshu Arora, 27, of street number 7 of Field Ganj killed himself after murdering his pregnant wife Lalita Arora, alias Pooja. The police said Himanshu, a garment store owner, was mentally unstable and introvert. Though Lalita's family alleged that the two hardly enjoyed cordial relations, the cops are yet to find the murder and suicide cause.And there was a murder conspiracy too that had rocked the city on August 4. A school principal, Kuldeep Kaur, 52, of Model Town was arrested for conspiring to kill her husband, Satpal Singh, 60, with the help of her domestic helps, Naresh and Kamlesh. She had struck a deal at Rs 3.50 lakh with them, but her plans had gone awry. She had confessed to have taken the step for property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441796", "title": "Nine-tier handi breaks into Guinness Records", "text": "MUMBAI: The popular spectacle of dahi handi reached a crescendo around 10pm on Friday with a mandal from Jogeshwari making an entry into the Guinness World Records for its feat. Living up to their reputation, the boys from Jai Jawan govinda pathak created history by forming a human pyramid that was 43.79 ft tall, rivalling the height of a five-storey building.Pratap Sarnaik's Sanskruti event had invited representatives from the Guinness World Records as well as the Limca Book of Records to take formal cognizance of the nine-tier challenge. \"We have broken a record held by Spain since the past 31 years. It is wonderful that Jai Jawan did this at our venue,\" exulted his son Vihang. \"Earlier in the day, the Shivsai mandal from Borivli also managed nine tiers and the Limca Book will certify it next month.\"Jai Jawan kept up its record of nine tiers at Jitendra Awhad's Sangharsh dahi handi although this feat was not recorded by Guinness. \"In fact they had formed the tenth layer as well but fell down before completing the final salute. We awarded them Rs 15 lakh cash on the spot,\" Awhad said. Had they achieved that breakthrough, a ready bonus of Rs 25 would have been theirs.Celebrity appearances energized crowds across the main venues. Akshay Kumar , Hrithik Roshan and Esha Deol performed at Sachin Ahir's Sankalp handi in Worli. \"Their interactive stunts and dances saw the govindas having the time of their lives,\" said Ahir's wife Sangeeta. Meanwhile, Jeetendra , Nana Patekar and Rakhi Sawant made an appearance at Ram Kadam's Ghatkopar event that offered a reward of Rs 40 lakh. Marathi actors and singers such as Mangesh Desai, Bhargavi Chirmule and Bela Shende arrived in Thane.This year, the Shiv Sena , whose leaders control several prominent handis, utilized the festival to mobilize its cadre. The illness of party supremo Balasaheb Thackeray as well as next in command Uddhav Thackeray has come a double blow to the party-workers' morale, and leaders made sure to send out a feel-good message to assure 'karyakartas' that all was well.Social messages were factored in into the celebrations as well. Ram Kadam concentrated on female foeticide while in Dadar, the Sena and MNS focused on the environment and the Marathi language.Thane municipal commissioner R A Rajeev's diktat seeking proper passage for road traffic seemed to be difficult to implement as a sea of humanity converged in the city, especially at Panchpakhadi. The huge inflow from Mumbai saw traffic congestions on the eight lane eastern express highway on Friday. The entire road from Godrej Gates at Vikhroli to Mulund was littered with plastic glasses, bags, and thermocol plates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15442811", "title": "Government fails to utilise Jeevandan funds", "text": "HYDERABAD: A grant of Rs 2 crore released by the state government towards the implementation of Jeevandan scheme for cadaver organ transplantation has gone back to the treasury after languishing in the Director Medical Education's account for almost a year.The government had released the funding through GO 1715 last year to the DME.The official was supposed to take necessary action in the matter and furnish the utilization certificate/statement of expenditure for the amount sanctioned.However, the money never got used for the intended purpose. \"The money was granted but didn't get spent. It has gone back after lying unspent,\" said an official.Experts say Rs 2 crore was a considerable sum for the scheme's implementation and had the officials taken up the initiative, hundreds of lives could have been saved already.\"The scheme was announced about three years ago. There has to be a beginning to it. Just opening up an office at NIMS is not going to serve the purpose,\" said an expert.He added that there is no movement in the programme since the officials concerned are passing the buck.Moreover, even the government is constantly delaying the appointment of the coordinator who will be at the helm of affairs. The government intends to appoint a retired IAS officer for the job.When enquired, the authorities conceded that the money went back and just about a day back, they have reapplied for the money. \"Now the government has to sanction and issue a GO for fresh funds,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15443531", "title": "Don't play politics with fast: Agnivesh", "text": "KOCHI: Team Anna's decision to join politics is quite immature, said Swami Agnivesh . He was speaking to reporters on the sidelines of a programme in Kochi on Friday.\"Fast is spiritual and sacred. We cannot play politics with fast. That is why there was a considerable decline in public support for their recent hunger strike,\" Agnivesh said.The core idea of fasting failed when it faced an adamant political system, he added.\"The discussion on Lokpal Bill was not democratic and that was why I walked out of the meet. I felt humiliated. The team did not even consult Justice Ashok Hegde or Medha Patkar. It is surprising they moved towards a political alternative. This is quite unfortunate,\" he said. Agnivesh was in the city to attend a seminar organized by Nature Cure Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15442466", "title": "Visakhapatnam Steel Plant gets clean chit from probe committee in blast inquiry", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The three-member high-level committee which inquired into the blast at the Visakhapatnam Steel Plant that killed 19 employees, gave a clean chit to the VSP management, thereby pulling down the curtains on the negligence of VSP on safety measures inside the mega plant.Elaborating on the possible causes that might have led to the blast in the plant, the committee noted that inadequate flow of oxygen resulting in friction in the pipes could be one of the causes. Speaking on the measures required to avoid any such incident, the committee recommended many a precautionary measure, including an awareness programme, along with a thorough study of the feasibility and durability of the pipes. Moreover, they also questioned the design of the unit and pointed out that a bigger unit with greater buffer space could help in avoiding such mishaps.The blast took place at new oxygen pressure reducing station (PRS) near SMS -2 (steel melting shop) in the plant on June 13 night, in which 19 employees of steel plant, SMS Seimag India, Blue Star company and Dastur and Sons company, the consultants of the expansion works, were killed. The independent inquiry into the incident ordered by the Ministry of Steel appointed a three-man high level committee with former chairman of SAIL SR Jain as the chairman. Mecon CMD KK Mehrotra, Delhi IIT department of mechanical engineering Prof. Anjan Ray are the other members. Former executive director of Mecon Nivineder gupta was co-opted as a member. The committee after visiting the accident site and interacting with the employees of steel plant and others involved in the works had submitted its report to the Steel Ministry.In the report, the chairman of the committee SK Jain felt that the presence of a large number of people, including those not associated with the operation of the oxygen PRS system was chiefly responsible for the tragic toll. He noted that usually only a shift operator would have been present in the unit. In view of the circumstances that led to the accident, there were no lapses in response to the disaster. He noted that another possible reason for the ignition could have been particle impingement of steel surface in filter area either due to some trapped particles or breakage of the filter element.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15441265", "title": "SGS mall deposits Rs 1.12 crore property tax", "text": "PUNE: A day after the Pune Cantonment Board (PCB) removed the seals of the SGS Mall in Pune Camp, the owners deposited property tax of over Rs 1.12 crore at the district and sessions court on Friday.One of the lawyers for the mall, Hariprasad Shetty said, \"The court on Thursday had directed the mall to deposit thrice the amount of property tax for the year 2010 to 2013. We have complied with the court order by depositing a demand draft of Rs 1,12,40,083.\"PCB chief revenue superintendent Subhash Kadam said, \"We will collect the demand draft from the court on Monday. The PCB has demanded tax of Rs 6.24 crore from the mall, but till date they have deposited tax of Rs 2.14 crore.\"On an appeal filed by the mall, challenging imposition of the tax imposed by the PCB, principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar had ordered the PCB to forthwith remove the seals of the mall located at 231, Moledina Road.Judge Badar had restrained PCB officials and its representatives from entering the mall till further orders and directed the mall to deposit thrice the amount of property tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15442485", "title": "Officials seize illicit liquor from Panchvati", "text": "NASHIK: Even as one of the officers of the state excise department continues to be in a critical condition after he was severely beaten up by a mob during a raid in Panchvati on Tuesday, the excise department struck back in the same area on Friday. The officials arrested four persons and confiscated illicit liquor and spurious country liquor worth Rs 10,000 from them.Superintendent of the excise department, Nashik, J B Patil said that raids were also conducted in Bharat Nagar, Wadala, Dhabas on the Adgaon Road, Sinnar Phata, Shinde, Palse and Samangaon by inspectors M R Bojjewar, S A Pathak and T P Lahane. Illicit liquor, smuggled country liquor and Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) from other parts of country, worth Rs 17,560, were confiscated and six persons accused were arrested.Patil said, \"The simultaneous raids in different areas were taken up as a routine operation. Bootleggers should in no way feel that beating up an excise official means pushing the entire department on a back foot.\"The three accused in Tuesday's incident\u2014 Milind Pawar, Sachin Andhale and Madhav Shelke\u2014 have been sent to judicial custody. The three have been accused of beating up sub-inspector Sanjay Pardeshi and constable GG Ahirrao. The twohad gone to raid Shelke's house, where a consignment of illegal liquor was about to arrive.On Tuesday, at 6.40pm, a flying squad from Mumbai passed on information to the state excise department, Nashik, that a white Eicher vehicle loaded with Daman manufactured liquor was coming towards Nashik. A trap was then laid at Madhav Shelke's house. Meanwhile, Milind Pawar of Chinchban and Sachin Andhale of Pawan Nagar, picked up an argument with Pardeshi and Ahirrao, who had gone to Shelke's residence and beat them up.The excise department wants strict action against the accused. Their report says that Madhav Shelke is the chief culprit in the sale of smuggled liquor and his associates have been charged under the Bombay Prohibition Act, 1949 earlier.The excise department has said that Shelke always remains underground and brings spurious liquor from other parts of the state and distributes it in Panchvati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15441857", "title": "DSC Ltd puts up kiosks at Delhi-Gurgaon expressway toll plaza", "text": "GURGAON: The private concessionaire, DSC Ltd, has finally taken steps to implement Punjab and Haryana high court's July 31 order regarding the installation of temporary windows at the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway toll plaza cash lanes, even though not as accurately as the latter wanted.In its July 31 order, the high court has strictly ordered the concessionaire to install five extra booths equipped with computers at the five lanes on both sides of the toll plaza, so that six vehicles can proceed simultaneously. The court had fixed a seven-day time frame for the DSC to comply with its directives, failing which the concessionaire would have been compelled to stop toll collection at the plaza.On Friday, the private agency put up two kiosks just before the toll gates. These were put up on each lane of the toll plaza towards Delhi-side during the evening peak hours. Personnel were deputed in each kiosk with hand-held machines for collecting toll charges. Also, each lane was segregated with ropes so that commuters do not hop from one lane to the other.Moreover, no such kiosks were put up on the other side of the plaza for Delhi traffic entering Gurgaon.A DSC spokesperson said such an arrangement was made keeping in mind that Friday was a holiday (Janamashtami) and the order would be implemented in a full-fledged manner from Monday.The spokesperson clarified that hand-held machines were equivalent to computers as mentioned in the court's order and certified by the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI). Also the kiosks would be functional only during peak hours as and when required, he added.The spokesperson further added, \"We are experimenting with different traffic flow configurations to ease the congestion at the plaza for a couple of days. Apart from the kiosks and the remote terminals, about 100 additional staff were being deployed to ensure that the experiment was carried out e properly.\"The results of the various configurations would be collated over the next few days to determine the most effective configuration and these findings would be submitted to the high court.\"However, the court in its order has stated that unless there is compliance, it would not allow the concessionaire to tender further assurances and filing of status report. The next date of hearing is August 16.DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora said, \"We have already written to the concessionaire to implement the court's order. We will file the status report at the next hearing about whatever they have done.\"The high court has taken a strict view of the everyday congestion at the toll plaza. \"Cars are standing up to many kilometres. The state counsel informs us that at times the traffic jam goes up to five kilometres from the toll plaza. National highway leading from Delhi to Jaipur was constructed with a view to smoothening the movement of traffic and to save time and fuel. However, on account of traffic jams at the toll plaza, all the purposes for which that highway was constructed have been defeated. Neither fuel nor time is being saved... Under the circumstances, it is not possible for us to allow the public to suffer for the benefit of the concessionaire on account of apathy on the part of the state government,\" the court stated.DSC Ltd has filed a civil writ petition in the High court against the traffic department to restrain it from opening up boom barriers at Delhi-Gurgaon toll plaza. This petition was clubbed with other petitions filed in 2009 and 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15448835", "title": "Crime branch sends spy's phones for forensic examination", "text": "NEW DELHI: A fortnight after the Crime Branch arrested a Jamia Nagar resident on charges of spying on Indian defence establishments for Pakistan and identified two senior Pakistan High Commission officials for supervising him, the investigators have now sent the spy's cell phones for forensic examination.Sources claimed that three cell phones, recovered from him, have been sent to the forensic labs. \"We believe that the accused has been in touch with these people (Pak officials) through SMS. He would receive the encrypted messages, read them and then delete them immediately. We are trying to find out if these messages can be retrieved. We will need some time before we can actually get something foolproof.\"The two Pakistani diplomats cannot be questioned as they enjoy diplomatic immunity. \"Hence, we are trying to find as much information as possible through careful technical analysis,\" said a Crime Branch officer.Police will approach the union ministry of external affairs for help in probing their role. Sources say the alleged spy, Zubair Khan, used to meet the Pakistani handlers regularly and knew them by their code names, Talib and Fayyaz. \"Khan says he does not know their designations. We have some details about them which we cannot share at this moment,\" said a senior officer.Zubair was arrested after Crime Branch officials kept tabs on him for long and found out that he was gathering information about defence establishments here and handing over the same to the two Pakistani officers.Police had even recovered some maps of cantonment areas and details of various battalions of the army. Apart from spying on defence establishments, sources say, Khan was tasked with collecting data about Air India pilots, journalists who write on and frequently travel to Pakistan, families that regularly visit Pakistan, and government officials with bilateral roles. Incidentally, fresh talks are on between India and Pakistan on starting to and fro flights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15441362", "title": "Vilasrao Deshmuk taken off ventilator for few hours", "text": "The condition of Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh continues to remain critical, but doctors say he has been responding well to treatment and he is improving.On Friday, doctors in the intensive care unit of Chennai's Global Hospitals took him off the ventilator for a few hours but put him back on ventilation, sources said.Intensive care experts said they normally do not switch off the ventilator all of a sudden. \"But it is is a positive sign,\" said one of the doctors.VIPs, including Union minister M K Alagiri and MP T R Baalu , visited the 67-year-old minister, who has been diagnosed with lung cancer. Deshmukh was airlifted from Mumbai's Breach Candy Hospital for a liver transplant. The minister developed multiple organ failure and had to be put on a ventilator. He had to undergo dialysis.Doctors said the minister had hepatitis B which developed into cirrhosis more than a year ago. \"The cirrhosis has turned into a large cancerous tumour. \"At this stage it is not operable. It needs to be shrunk using chemotherapy or radiation,\" said a senior doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15440830", "title": "Mary Kom to restructure boxing academy", "text": "IMPHAL: Magnificent Mary's first priority after winning the bronze medal at the London Olympics is to improve facilities at her boxing academy located in her native state, Manipur. She is also considering opening a branch of the academy in neighbouring Assam.Mary, who has been heaped with congratulatory notes and cash awards for her historic feat, told TOI from London on Friday that she would restructure and streamline her Imphal-based academy after coming back to the state.While the Manipur government announced a cash award of Rs 50 lakh and two acres of land for Mary, a five-time World Boxing Champion, Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi announced a Rs 20-lakh reward for her. Gogoi said his government would also help her set up a boxing academy in Assam if the star boxer so desires.\"I'm thankful to all who encouraged and prayed for me before and after my Olympics bouts. I also extend my heartiest gratitude to both the Manipur and Assam chief ministers for conferring rewards on me. My priority is to restructure and streamline my academy,\" Mary told TOI from London over the phone.Regarding Gogoi's offer of land for a similar academy in Assam, she said, \"If the Assam government provides an infrastructure development package for setting up a boxing academy there, we would accept it and establish a branch of my existing academy.\"On Wednesday night, Mary was beaten by Nicola Adams of Great Britain in the Olymipcs flyweight (51kg) boxing semifinal, leaving her with a bronze.The MC Mary Kom Boxing Academy, located at the Langol Games Village residential complex in Imphal West district where the 29-year-old pugilist lives with her husband and twin sons, has produced a number of outstanding boxers in both national and state-level competitions.Mary spends nearly Rs 50,000 per month in running the boxing academy in Imphal, which was established in 2006 and where 35 young boxers from across Manipur are currently training under the iconic boxer. She said she would put all her efforts in setting up the academy on the two acres of land provided by the Manipur government at Meitei Langol village, on the outskirts of Imphal.Mary's husband, Onler Kom, who is now with her in London, added, \"Earlier, the North Eastern Council had assured to provide the construction cost of the academy. We will remind them now to translate their assurance into action.\"As desired by Mary, the academy would give priority to young talent from economically weak families in Manipur, Onler said, adding that more staff and coaches would be appointed once the academy is restructured. \"After reaching Imphal, we would convene a meeting for revamping the academy,\" Onler said, adding that they are likely to reach Imphal on August 19.Mary, who had gained weight only to enter into the Olympics - she used to box in the 48kg weight category (light flyweight) but had to go up to 51kg (flyweight) when the earlier category was dropped - is yet to decide whether she would come down to her previous weight or not. Incidentally, she bagged all the five world titles in the lighter (48 kg) category. \"Since there is a likelihood of the light flyweight category being reintroduced in the next Olympics, I will decide what weight I would like to maintain depending on the situation,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15441217", "title": "Ingredients of gutka worth Rs 1.63 lakh seized", "text": "PUNE: The state government's ban on gutka has led to ingenious ways of selling it. On Thursday evening, Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) officials raided the premises of a travel agency in Rasta Peth and seized pouches of gutka ingredients worth Rs 1.63 lakh, which were being sold in separate pouches as 'supari mix'.\"The main ingredients in gutka are supari (betelnut) and 'jarda' (flavoured tobacco). These are being sold in separate pouches as 'supari mix', which, when mixed together, become gutka. We received a tip off that such 'supari mix'packets were being transported from Silvassa to Pune in a travel agency's bus and being sold during the evening through agents. We raided the agency and seized the stock worth Rs 1.63 lakh,\" said Shashikant Kekare, joint commissioner (food), FDA, Pune.Dilip Sangat, assistant commissioner (food), FDA, said, \"Supari mix' is the new method of consuming gutka, where the buyer purchases separate pouches of supari and jarda to evade the ban. We have now zeroed in on the method.\"\"We have asked octroi officials to be vigilant and inspect vehicles for inter-state trafficking of gutka and paan masala,\" Kekare said.The FDA team that conducted the raid comprised food safety officials Shivkumar Potgire, Parag Nalavade, Ramakant Kulkarni and Arun Dhule, under the guidance of assistant commissioners Shivaji Desai and Dilip Sangat. The officials have sent samples for testing to the FDA laboratory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441571", "title": "UP and Bihar record highest fertility rates", "text": "NEW DELHI: An average woman in rural Uttar Pradesh and Bihar are giving birth to around four children each.In urban areas, too, the birth rate is as high as nearly three children per woman during her entire lifetime.The world's largest demographic survey has found that while India strives for population stabilization, five of the nine high focus states \u2014 Bihar, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and UP \u2014 still have fertility rate as high as above three children per woman, while two other states, Assam and Chhattisgarh, have a fertility rate of 2.6 and 2.9, respectively. Worryingly, of the 284 districts surveyed, 164 have recorded a total fertility rate (TFR) of above 3.1.Only 46 districts have TFR below the current national average of 2.5. And, 20 districts have achieved the replacement TFR of 2.1.The Annual Health survey with a sample size of 20.1 million people from 4.1 million households has also found that TFR among the 284 districts ranges from the lowest at Uttarakhand's Pitthoragarh (1.7) to UP's Shrawasti (5.9).These nine states account for about 48% of the total population, 59% of all births, 70% of all infant deaths, 75% of under five mortalities and 62% of maternal deaths in the country.According to the Registrar General of India, Uttarakhand/Odisha and UP/Bihar reflects the two extremes.While both Uttarakhand and Odisha's overall TFR stands at 2.3, Bihar and UP account for 3.7 and 3.6, respectively. Assam's TFR is 2.6, Chhattisgarh (2.9), Jharkhand (3.1), MP (3.1) and Rajasthan (3.2).Higher fertility rate, however, wasn't a menace plaguing rural areas. The TFR in urban areas, too, were high in many of the nine states surveyed.Bihar's urban fertility rate stood at 2.8, UP (2.7), Rajasthan (2.5), MP and Jharkhand (2.4), Chhattisgarh (2.3) and Uttarakhand (2). Assam and Odisha were the only two states where the urban TFR recorded was lower than 2 at 1.9.Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad recently said India's TFR has come down by 42% from mid-1960s. The National Population Stabilization Fund says the population grew five times in the last 100 years. Projections are that by 2050, India will be home to 1613.8 million people compared to China's 1,417 million.India expects to reach population stabilization at 2.1 TFR by 2060, with 165 crore people. According to Census 2011, India's population stands at 1.21 billion.Recently, the Union health ministry reported that India's TFR had fallen by 19% over the past decade. Among bigger states, percentage decline in TFR during this period the last decade varied from as high as 28% in Punjab to 5.6% in Kerala.The recently released Sample Registration System 2010 data said India's TFR that had remained stagnant in 2008 and 2009 at 2.6 finally dropped by 0.1 points in 2010. Now, India's TFR stands at 2.5 as against 3.2 in 2000.\"With only 2.4% of the entire world's landmass to support 17% of the world population, India's need for population stabilization can hardly be overemphasized,\" Azad added.Education has been found to play a major role in determining TFR.An illiterate woman in India is bearing 1.2 children more than a literate woman (3.4 against 2.2). The TFR among women who have studied till at least class X was as low as 1.9. This further dips to 1.6 among women who have studied till class XII.Experts say children who are born because of lack of poor access to contraceptive services \u2014 also known as the unmet need \u2014 is a major cause behind the spurt in population.The birth of three and above three children accounts for 45% of the 26 million births that take place each year. Preference for a male child and high infant mortality accounts for 20% of births. Azad, however, has always ruled out bringing any legal restriction on couples over the number of babies they can have.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15446370", "title": "Jiiva wraps up shooting for Mask", "text": "Tamil actor Jiiva has wrapped up the shooting of his upcoming film Mugamoodi (Mask in Telugu). After working non-stop for the last few months, the entire shooting of the film has come to an end and the post-production works have already started.Recently, the unit came back to India from Switzerland where the unit shot important scenes and songs on the lead cast. Jiiva tweeted on his micro blogging page: \"Mugamoodi shooting comes to an end. Had a super time, unforgettable moments. Thanks to the team and now I will miss my superhero suit (sic)\"The film, which is directed by Mysskin, will have Jiva in the role of superhero. The movie is about a man who cannot tolerate injustice and corruption and hence turns into a vigilante to fight against it for a better society.Mugamoodi (Mask) is tipped as South India's first superhero film and apparently Jiva had a tough time shooting for the film wearing a special suit which weighed more than 12 kgs.The film is produced by UTV Motion Pictures in Tamil and Mega Super Good Films in Telugu. Krishna Kumar has composed the music, while Pooja Hegde plays Jiiva's love interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15442067", "title": "House tax exemption: Money already paid by residents to be adjusted", "text": "GURGAON: After announcing that the residents are exempt from paying house tax for the years 2008-09 and 2009-10, the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has said that those residents who have already submitted the tax for these two years need not worry as the paid amount will get adjusted in the next tax cycle.\"We started sending house tax assessment notice to the residents around two years ago. Not many paid the tax as there were a lot of discrepancies in the assessment sheet and residents raised objections. We received over 55,000 objections and are are in the process of resolving them. Those residents who have paid the tax for the two years don't need to worry as the amount will get adjusted,\" said an official.The residents, on the other hand, said that the MCG should increase efficiency in its services before increasing the tax. \"The MCG sent a notice to me in 2010, asking me to pay Rs 1,400 as house tax for my double-storey house, however, I did not pay it. Nobody in my area paid it. We want the corporation to provide basic necessities like clean drinking water before we pay the tax,\" said Naresh Jain, a resident of Jawahar Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15442580", "title": "Roads, drainage must be priority, civic panel says", "text": "NASHIK: Nashik Municiparl Corporation's (NMC), standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse on Friday directed heads of all NMC departments to undertake civic utilities' maintenance on a priority basis.The directive came after the issue of negligence in works such as filling up potholes and cleaning underground drainages was raised during the committee's meeting on Friday.Earlier during the meeting , municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare said, \"All maintenances works are being carried out on priority and there is no pending bill with regard to payment for maintenance works. I had recently called the meetings of Building &amp; Construction, Water Supply, Electricity Departments, Drainage and other department heads and the directive was given to carry out the maintenance works immediately. Instructions have also been given to the Accounts department to clear pending maintainenance bills immediately.\"Committee member Suvarna Matale (MNS) said that the condition of roads in Cidco division had deteriorated due to monsoon. \" NMC officials take cognizance four-five days after being informed,\" Matale said.\"Good quality material has to be used for filling potholes and tenders for small maintenance works have to be invited at the earliest,\" another member Vikrant Mate (NCP) said.\"We have not been getting regular water supply in some parts of Nashik West. Besides, around 15 persons have been hospitalised due to petty accidents caused due to potholes on the roads in the division as well,\" Seema Hiray (BJP) added.Ashok Murtadak (MNS) said that cables have been made underground at most places in Panchavati Division, but DPs have not been removed so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15441885", "title": "Gurgaon police trace Jiyalal to Pune", "text": "GURGAON: The special investigation team ( SIT) has traced Jiyalal, the worker whose suspension triggered the July 18 violence in Maruti's Manesar plant, to Pune. Police sources said that a police team would soon go there to arrest him.According to a source, while demanding extension of the remand of the accused union leaders, police said they had retrieved I-cards, mobile phones and weapons from Jammu, Haridwar, Bheelwara, Ajmer, Panipat and other places with the help of the accused. Police said that the accused had helped trace the whereabouts of Jiyalal, who they learned is in Pune. TOI was the first to report that 27-year-old Jiyalal, was a native of Dhakal village in Jind. He had joined Maruti Suzuki India Ltd at its Manesar plant on September 5, 2007 as technician and is now working at the plant assembly shop.Meanwhile, the special investigation team arrested seven more workers on Friday. Police produced them along with 10 union leaders, who were on police remand, in a city court on Friday and the court sent all 17 in judicial custody. Now around 142 accused of a role in the violence are in jail.The seven arrested were identified as Iqbal, resident of Yamunanagar; Sunil and Anil, residents of Sonepat; Chiranjilal, resident of Delhi; Vishal, resident of Rohtak; Rajiv, resident of Kaithal; and Sonu, resident of Panipat district in Haryana.A city court on Thursday extended the police remand of 10 union leaders chief patron Sandeep Dhillon, president Rammehar, vice-president Sohan Singh, general secretary Sarvjeet Singh, cashier Suresh Kumar, legal adviser Ajmer Singh, joint secretary Pawan Kumar and executive members Ram Bilas, Amarjeet and Pradeep Kumar. They were arrested on August, 1 and have been police remand since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15441886", "title": "Bidari returns official car, staff after 2 months", "text": "BANGALORE: Shankar M Bidari retired as DG&IG;, Karnataka State Police Housing Corporation (KSPHC), on May 31, 2012. But the outgoing officer who was waging a bitter battle to the state's police force was not ready to give up the trappings of the office. He kept the official car and staff, raising eyebrows.On August 8, Bidari surrendered his official car and the staff even as the department of personnel and administrative reforms (DPAR) got ready to slap a notice on him. The car and staff were surrendered to the criminal investigation department (CID) and not KSPHC where he held his last post.\"It is really shocking that an official of this level will go to such an extent that he continues to enjoy the status of a serving officer, even after his retirement. We were going to issue a notice to retu8rn the car (Honda City) as we8ll as the services of his driver and other staff,\" sources said.\"The issue of Bidari using an official vehicle and having personal staff while he was in office was brought to the notice of home minister R Ashoka on August 4. He ordered immediate seizure of the vehicle and told officers to recall Bidari's personal staff,\" director general of police Lalrokhuma Pachau told TOI.Full-time chief soonThe state is soon likely to get a full-time police chief. Governor Hans Raj Bhardwaj has given his assent to the Karnataka Police (Amendment) Act of 2012.\"The director general and inspector general (DG &amp; IG) of police shall be selected by the state government from among IPS officers in the rank of DGP who have been empanelled for promotion to that rank on the basis of their length of service, very good history of service, professional knowledge and ability to lead police force in the state ,\" the amended law says.\"There is no role for the Union Public Service Commission. Hitherto, the UPSC selected three senior-most officers from the list of those sent to it by the state government,\" a DPAR official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15445836", "title": "Baba Ramdev to end fast today, but continue 'movement'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Yoga guru Baba Ramdev, who threatened to continue his agitation 'full steam' if government does not look into his demands to bring back black money, will end his symbolic three-day fast at Ramlila Maidan on Saturday.Addressing his supporters at the Ramlila Maidan here today, Baba Ramdev said: \"Our principles will not change, but our strategy needs to change according to the time.\"On Friday, Baba Ramdev said the movement will continue for at least next 50 years.While asking the people to decide on the next step after the three-day fast, he made the proclamation that he had decided on the future strategy. \"The strategy of our movement is to stay for at least for the next 50 years. I am not going to deviate from my mission for the next 100 years,\" said Baba Ramdev who seemed to be confident of living for another hundered years.\"We have to make sacrifices, but we have to do some work. So, don't sacrifice yourselves before the mission is complete. But when it will come to sacrifices then don't shirk back. The agenda should be quite clear,\" he added, while instilling confidence and enthusiasm in his supporters.Baba Ramdev further reiterated that black money should be brought back to the country, and asked his supporters to gear themselves up for a bigger challenge ahead.Asserting that his fight for Lokpal Bill is not over yet, the yoga guru had earlier on Thursday said the government should pass this bill in the ongoing Monsoon Session of Parliament.Ramdev reiterated that he had no political ambitions, except continue fighting for the common man.\"The government must bring back black money stashed by Indians abroad. The government must pass the Lokpal Bill in this session. Make CBI independent from government control,\" he said, while listing out some of his demands.The second round of Ramdev's protest has witnessed an expansion of his agenda from black money to Lokpal Bill, making CBI independent and a more transparent procedure for appointing Election Commissioners, CAG, CVC and Director CBI.Baba Ramdev's last outing at the Ramlila Maidan, in June last year, saw a midnight police crackdown with authorities claiming that he violated norms agreed upon.He was caught by police, while trying to flee from the protesting venue in a woman's attire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15448162", "title": "Pawar wants no political interference on panel to decide CCTV camera installation", "text": "Mumbai: Deputy Chief Minister, Ajit Pawar has opposed political representatives being involved in the process of procuring sensitive issues like security. Pawar has asked the Pune commissioner of police and the local administration (civic authorities and collector) to form a committee to study and install CCTV network in the Pune and surrounding areas. But, NCP chief and union agriculture Sharad Pawar's nephew, Ajit Pawar has categorically asked the administration to refrain from taking up any political representative on the panel. Pawar's announcement assumes significance as the home department has failed to install CCTV in city, even four years after the 2611 terror attack.\"The administration has been given deadline of one month to complete the procedure for installing CCTV in Pune. I have asked the administration to rope in tow independent experts from the filed of technology and CCTV will be on the panel to decide the hi-tech surveillance plan. But at the same time, I have instructed them (bureaucracy) not to take any political representation on the panel. Having politicians would create contradiction in the meeting, which may delay the project,\" Pawar added.The proposal to cover the Pune and surrounding area with CCTV was mooted following the recent serial blast in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15443018", "title": "Soon, free cancer care for men too", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: After the successful implementation of the free cancer treatment scheme for women, the district panchayat has now decided to extend its healing touch to male cancer patients in all the 73 panchayats that come under it.As part of this scheme, the district panchayat also organized a training programme at the panchayat conference hall here on Friday. Inaugurating the programme, health minister V S Sivakumar said the government was aiming at providing cancer treatment facilities at all general and district hospitals in the state.Regional Cancer Centre director Dr Paul Sebastian and Dr M C Kalavathy who heads the RCC project took classes on the need for cancer prevention and on the importance of cancer care.\"The panchayat had spent Rs 25 lakh for providing cancer treatment to women last year under this scheme,\" said district panchayat president Ramani P Nair.This year, it was decided to launch a massive advertising campaign on the awareness camps and classes for men being held in each panchayat. This would bring in more people and will help educate them about the fears and threats of cancer.The decision to extend the scheme for men came after it was found that many families with male cancer patients were facing serious financial problems due to the high cost involved in the treatment.The district panchayat has tied up with the regional cancer centre (RCC) for this ambitious project. \"At present, we are conducting medical camps at primary health centres to screen the women. ASHA workers and junior public health nurses are conducting door-to-door survey to bring the women to these camps,\" said Ramani Nair.After the screening at the PHCs, the suspected cases are taken for medical tests at the RCC. The district panchayat provides the fund for treatment directly to the hospital.It was in these screenings that the district panchayat found that there was an alarming increase in cancer cases in the district. A majority among them were found to be youngsters, said the district panchayat president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15442428", "title": "After media houses, government files defamation case against M Karunanidhi", "text": "CHENNAI: Former chief minister and DMK president M Karunanidhi on Friday joined the league of political leaders and media houses, against whom the Tamil Nadu government has initiated criminal defamation proceedings.On Friday, the city public prosecutor filed a defamation complaint against Karunanidhi for his reported comments on chief minister Jayalalitha's stay in Kodanad. As the statement had been published in Tamil daily, Murasoli, its publisher, printer and editor S Selvam has also been named as an accused in the case. The report, in the form of question-answer, was published on July 30, the complaint said, adding that it was libellous.Denying the allegations made in the report, the city public prosecutor said the chief minister was discharging her official and constitutional duties, even on Sundays, during her stay in Kodanad, and that innumerable official files and pending tasks were completed by her during the period. \"All senior officials are effectively discharging their functions under the supervision and guidance of the chief minister from Kodanad and they are also implemented in letter and spirit across all parts of the state,\" he said, adding that incorrect news reports were being published and circulated with an intention to harm the reputation of chief minister Jayalalithaa.The government has so far slapped defamation complaints on the former deputy chief minister and DMK treasurer, M K Stalin, and leader of opposition in the state Assembly and DMDK founder-president, Vijayakanth.Among the media houses that now face criminal defamation proceedings for reporting speeches of opposition leaders are The Times of India, The Hindu, India Today, Dinakaran, Junior Vikatan, and now Murasoli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15440739", "title": "High debt-equity ratio not ideal for long-term goals", "text": "Vivek Sharma, 40, grew up in an average Indian family. His father and mother were government employees. Most basic needs were taken care of and the family's main focus was education, the biggest wealth for any middle class household in India. His father tracked expenses and invested the surplus in conservative financial instruments like bank fixed deposits and post-office saving schemes. After graduating in Shimla , Vivek went on to study masters in tourism administration. Today, he works with a leading hotel chain in New Delhi. His family comprises wife Anupama (33), who is a teacher, and two children \u2014 daughter Anoushka (8) and son Arnav (3.)What are they saving forVivek and Anupama will need Rs 10 lakh for their children's education after 10-15 years. They will need additional Rs 10 lakh for their marriages after another 5-7 years. Their third priority is to create a retirement corpus \u2014 as per current plans, Vivek will like to retire after 20 years. Lastly, they wish to purchase a house worth about Rs 60 lakh in the next five years. All these goals will be revised upwards based on inflation.Where are they todayCash flow: Gross yearly inflow of the family from all sources is approximately Rs 10 lakh. Against this, the annual outflow is Rs 8 lakh. The outflow includes routine household expenses, taxes paid by the family, rental expenses, insurance premia and certain savings. Nearly 18% of their income is spent on paying rent.Networth: The total value of all the assets held by the family is Rs 11.20 lakh. Of these, the assets held for personal use amount to Rs 3.75 lakh. Invested assets amount to Rs 7.45 lakh and the family currently has no outstanding liability.Contingency fund: Mandatory living expenses of the family are Rs 60,000 a month. Against this, they have around Rs 2 lakh in the savings bank account and Rs 1.35 lakh in a bank FD. This is nearly five months' reserve.Health &amp; life insurance: The family has a health cover of Rs 4 lakh through a family floater policy. Vivek has a life cover of Rs 5.2 lakh. All life insurance policies are investment-oriented, like endowment and money-back plans.Savings &amp; investments: Apart from the assets for personal consumption (car, jewellary, etc), the family's assets are valued as follows: shares &amp; equity mutual funds worth Rs 1.9 lakh, savings bank account &amp; bank FD worth Rs 3.75 lakh, bonds worth Rs 40,000 and an EPF balance of Rs 1.8 lakh.Fiscal analysis: The family has funds for contingencies. However, the health and life insurance cover is insufficient. Besides, life insurance policies are investment-oriented. Equity mutual funds are mainly for tax saving and, hence, have a lock-in period. Overall debt-equity ratio is 75:25. Considering that all the goals are more than five years away, this is not an ideal allocation.The way aheadContingency fund : Considering their mandatory monthly expenses, a fund amounting to Rs 1.8 lakh should be maintained for contingencies \u2014 Rs 30,000 should be held in cash at home and the remaining Rs 1.5 lakh should kept in a fixed deposit linked to a savings account. Any amount above this should be deployed towards investments as recommended below.Health &amp; life insurance: Vivek &amp; Anupama should have a health cover of Rs 5 lakh each while they should purchase a cover of Rs 2 lakh each for Anoushka &amp; Arnav. Besides, Vivek should buy a life insurance term plan for Rs 75 lakh. As children grow and income level increases, the sum assured should go up to Rs 1.75 crore in the next 3-5 years.Planning for financial goalsChildren's education: The couple wants to create a corpus of Rs 10 lakh for children's education. Since the goal is more than a decade away, equity is the best asset class. They should start saving Rs 5,000 every month in an index mutual fund by way of an SIP to accumulate the corpus. The amount should be increased by at least 20% every year.Children's marriage : This goal is about 15 years away, so they should invest in two growth-oriented asset classes: equity and gold. They should start SIPs in gold and a large-cap mutual fund with Rs 2,500 per month initially, and increase the amount by 10% every year.Buying a house: They want to purchase a house \u2014 which costs Rs 60 lakh today \u2014 after five years. Considering inflation, the cost would go up to around Rs 84 lakh after five years. At the current level of income, it seems difficult for the couple to achieve this goal without obtaining a loan. They should start investing a maximum possible amount every month in a mutual fund scheme that invests 25% in equity and the rest in debt. The corpus so accumulated should be used for down payment and the shortfall should be met with a home loan.Retirement: Vivek wants to retire after 20 years and maintain his current lifestyle. For time being, he should continue his contribution to EPF. Once the home is purchased, he should start setting aside funds in a small-mid cap equity-oriented mutual fund every month. Any bonus/incentives received should be set aside for accumulating the retirement corpus.To be featured in this fortnightly column, write to moneymakeover@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15441209", "title": "Five Indian software professionals die in car accident in US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Five Indian software professionals, all from Hyderabad, died when their car hit a tractor-trailer and burst into flames in the US city of Oklahoma on Friday, the police said.The accident happened when the car, a Chevrolet Camaro, hit the tractor-trailer, the Oklahoma Highway Patrol spokesman Capt Chris West said.The car slid underneath the semi, went down an embankment and burst into flames. All five people in the car were ejected and killed at the scene.The five have been identified as Jaswanth Reddy Subbayyagari, Phanindra Gade, Anurag Anthati, Srinivas Ravi and Venkat, the Telugu Association of North America (TANA) said quoting friend of those who died in the accident.Among these people, only Venkat was married. The truck driver was not hurt. Police said none of them were wearing seatbelts.TANA president, Prasad Thotakura, said the organization with working with the police and local community to inform the families of the deceased, and making necessary arrangements to send the bodies to India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15446449", "title": "Man of the moment: Binnie Marwa", "text": "Introducing fresh new talent; Binnie Marwa and his brand new single 'Nain Nashiley'- set to release on August 16th.Inspired by traditional UK Bhangra music, Binnie Marwa has allowed his creativity to run wild on 'Nain Nashiley', supported by two distinct remixes. Binnie Marwa has ventured into the unknown with eclectic sounds ranging from dubstep to Bhangra fusion, set to appeal not only to Bhangra fans, but a global market. Binnie Marwa has teamed up with new vocalist Bobby Sarver, who delivers a fantastic vocal performance on 'Nain Nashiley'.Still only aged eighteen, Binnie Marwa has a fast growing fanbase, with the teen sensation having already released his debut single at the age of sixteen. 'Ek Ni Hazzara Dil' featured UK Bhangra legend Dippa Satrang, and introduced the extraordinary talents of Binnie Marwa to the larger audience.With his sound constantly evolving, 'Nain Nashiley' &amp; its two remixes will give a small insight into what Binnie Marwa is capable of. The video for 'Nain Nashiley' was shot partly in France.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15440699", "title": "High court dismisses review petition in Parag Das murder case", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Gauhati high court on Friday dismissed the criminal review petition filed by Pallab Das, seeking justice for the murder of his brother Parag Das, a journalist and human rights activist, who was killed 16 years back.The high court earlier completed the hearing in the case in May after Pallab Das filed the petition seeking further investigation into the murder case of Parag Das, who was killed at Rajgarh in broad daylight on May 17, 1996.Four surrendered Ulfa (Sulfa) members-Mridul Phukan alias Samar Kakati, Diganta Baruah, Tapan Dutta alias Biswajit Saikia and Nayan Das alias Guli-were accused for the murder.\"I filed the petition seeking a better investigation in the case and believed that the court would do justice, but the high court dismissed my petition today. My trust on the judiciary is over. I am shattered with this decision of the high court,\" said Pallab Das, the petitioner.In 2001, the CBI took up the case and filed a chargesheet before the Kamrup district and sessions court against Mridul Phukan, the only surviving accused in the case. In 2009, the district and sessions judge, Kamrup, acquitted the prime accused, Mridul Phukan citing lack of evidences.It was believed that CBI would challenge the session judge's order within the next 90 days, but the investigation agency abstained from filing any petition in the high court to prosecute the accused, whose involvement in the killing was detected by them during the year-long investigation.Later, after Parag Das's brother moved the high court and the CBI told the high court that it faced difficulty in solving the case as the state police failed to provide them necessary evidences against the accused.\"It's not my failure. I believe it's a failure of the system. We have struggled so much and waited for so long believing that the judiciary will do justice. But after the high court dismissed our prayer, we have no faith in this system. Now who will prove who killed my brother?\" asked Pallab Das.The Parag Das Justice Committee, a group formed by journalists, human rights activists and family members, will sit on Saturday and decide on their next course of action in the case. However, Pallab Das said, \"The committee, including many senior journalists, will sit to decide on the next course of action in the case. Some are asking me to move the Supreme Court but I have lost my faith in the system completely. Let's see what the majority decides.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15445071", "title": "Censor Board objects to use of social media promotions", "text": "Blame it on the 'Kolaveri fever'. An increasing number of filmmakers are turning to social media to promote their films, or at least part of them. While Govindaya Namaha benefitted greatly from its song 'Pyaarge Aagbitayithe' going viral on a video-sharing site, the makers of the new film 'Simplag Ondu Love Story' (SOLS) are hoping that a trailer that they uploaded on the site will get a similar reception.Interestingly, the trailer did get over a lakh hits in the first 10 days of its release on the site. But the problem is that the makers had uploaded promotional material without getting a censor certification for it. And Regional Censor Board president K Nagaraj is not happy. \"According to the Cinematography and Cable Network Law, any activity of cinema promotion should be undertaken with the permission of the Censor Board Film Certification (CBFC).The makers of SOLS and another film, Nimbe Huli , have violated the rule and uploaded teasers and songs without clearance from the CBFC. This has been discussed at the Board level. If we find that any of these uploads are distasteful, we will take action against the people who uploaded them without the Board's permission,\" says Nagaraj.Suni, the director of SOLS, says that the intention was not to upload a promo without the Board's permission. \"We wanted audiences to see some bits of what we'd done and get their feedback , so as to improve our product. Social media is in the public domain. Every person has the right to upload his or her personal creativity on this media. Just because what we uploaded is about a movie, it should not be killed. We have put it there for the benefit of our friends and well-wishers, as they are our best critics,\" he says.However, Hemanth Hegde, the director and lead actor of Nimbe Huli , which is also in the dock for uploading a song without censor clearance, fails to see the logic in having the Board certify what he is putting up on the net. \"We need the public to tell us if they like what they see or not, and not just five people on the Board. If there is any objectionable matter, the public will bring it to our notice. The Censor Board is just interfering with our creativity and freedom,\" he says.Contributed By - Mahesh H", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441295", "title": "Suburbs dotted with broken drain covers: Residents", "text": "MUMBAI: The death of two bikers due to an open utility duct is a stark reminder of the pathetic condition of city roads and callous attitude of civic officials. Residents of the western suburbs say the civic body only gets into action after the damage is done.On August 8, Kunal Ullalkar (21) and Jonathan Ujjainwal (23) died after they were flung off their bike after it got stuck in a crumbling utility duct cover and they hit a parked a dumper on the side of the road. Kunal's father, Kiran Ulalkar told TOI, \"I am in no condition to go to the courts and fight the case. Besides, no amount of compensation can bring back my son. I only hope the BMC repairs the cover so that nobody should have to go through the pain of losing a family member.\"Following the TOI report on the death of the two bikers, residents from across the western suburbs complained of a number of drain covers on roads and sidewalks that pose a danger to pedestrians and motorists.Hansel D'Souza, president of the Juhu citizen's welfare group said, \"Why does the BMC begin working only after pressure from residents? In Juhu, it repaired the covers of drains after I pointed them out. The BMC must pull up its socks instead of waiting for citizens to complain.\" Another resident from Juhu, Heena Marwani said, \"I saw three faulty drain covers on the sidewalks near Utpal Shanghvi School. It seems the BMC will only get to work after someone is hurt. I wonder what the BMC does with its budget, all we ever hear is false promises.\"In Bandra, residents said several drain covers were shoddily installed or broken on Link road and SV road. Aftab Siddiqui, member, Linking Road Residents' Association, said, \"Contractors are hand-in-glove with officials, so no action can or will be taken.\" \"Several sidewalks along by-lanes in Oshiwara and Millat Nagar are dotted with crumbling drain covers that can give way without warning,\" said S Devedi, an Andheri resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15442076", "title": "Two held for dealing in illegal arms", "text": "GURGAON: Two persons have been arrested by the crime branch of Sohna police for selling and buying of illegal weapons. Two such weapons were also recovered from them. The two were produced in a city court and sent in judicial custody.According to the police, a crime branch team on Thursday arrested a person on a tip off that he was having illegal weapons. The accused has been identified as Shiv Kumar, a native of Bihar who was living in a rented house in Rajiv Colony. Police recovered a .315 bore country-made pistol from him.During his interrogation, Kumar told the police that he was trying to sell the country-made pistol. He also said that he had sold an another weapon to one Sandeep Shekhar, a resident of Dayanand Colony here.The crime branch team conducted a raid in Dayanand Colony and arrested Shekhar with .315 bore country-made pistol, which he had bought from Shiv Kumar.An FIR against the two has been lodged under Sections 25, 54, 59 of the Arms Act. Both were produced on Friday in a city court which sent them in a 14-day judicial custody in Bhondsi jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15442877", "title": "Mystery behind Deccan Chronicle share pledges deepens further", "text": "HYDERABAD: The mystery behind the share pledges made by the promoters of Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL) to raise funds deepened further on Friday following a fresh disclosure to the stock markets that they had pledged 28.71% stake (6 crore shares) with ICICI Bank.In a filing made to the bourses on Friday, 3i Infotech Trusteeship Services Ltd said that the DCHL promoters - T Venkattram Reddy, T Vinayak Ravi Reddy and PK Iyer -pledged 2 crore shares each with ICICI Bank through a power of attorney dated June 18 this year.This comes on a day the DCHL scrip for the first time breached the Rs 12 mark, to close at yet another life-time low of Rs 11.65 a share on the Bombay Stock Exchange.What is more confounding about the latest disclosure is that since July end there have been a string of share pledge disclosures regarding DCHL. While on July 27, DCHL promoters as well as Future Capital Holdings Ltd (FCHL) informed the stock exchanges that 54% promoter stake (over 11.28 crore shares) of DCHL had been pledged with FCHL, on July 30 this year Religare Finvest disclosed that 14.46% stake or 3.02 crore DCHL shares had been pledged with it. Just adding up the pledges made to ICICI Bank, FCHL (the liability has since been acquired by Kishore Biyani) and Religare Finvest shows that the total stake pledged by DCHL promoters works out to around 20.30 crore shares or around 97%, which is far in excess of the 73.83% stake (around 15.42 crore shares) held by the promoters as per shareholding data available with BSE for quarter ending June 30, 2012. Interestingly, not a single promoter share was shown as encumbered in the shareholding data as of June 30, 2012.While DC promoters could not be reached despite repeated attempts, analysts point out that the numbers just don't add up clearly indicating that there was something unexplained. \"The figures show that they pledged more shares than they owned. But how is this possible?\" wondered an analyst.In fact, disclosures made by DCHL to the Registrar of Companies at Hyderabad show that the company's promoters also pledged stake with IDFC Ltd to raise funds. This fact was first brought to light by the criminal complaint filed by Karvy Stock Broking Ltd against the three promoters of the company.In its complaint registered on July 31 this year, KSBL alleged that DCHL promoters committed forgery and pledged part of the stake already pledged with FCHL to raise Rs 170 crore to Religare on June 1 and IDFC on July 2 and 3 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15445665", "title": "SAP provides software to Indian Navy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Enterprise IT solutions provider SAP today said it has deployed an online financial information system (FIS) for the Indian Navy.\"The FIS will provide across-board visibility and probity in the areas of budgeting, procurement, financial planning and accounting to the organisation. This will help in better decision making,\" SAP India vice president (strategic industries) Mathew Thomas said.\"The FIS system will link four naval headquarters with material procurements, establishments for ships, naval stores and armament's depots across different locations in the country,\" he added.He declined to comment on the financial details. SAP works with government agencies globally and has clients like ONGC, IOCL, Gail and NTPC in the public sector in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15449203", "title": "Jandhyala dubs for Sutti Veerabhadra Rao", "text": "Sutti Veerabhadra Rao was the main character in many of his films staring Naresh and Rajendra Prasad . He was approached by several producers for a guest role, and was considered as the lucky charm.At the time of his death in 1988, he completed the shooting for the film Choopulu Kalisina Subhavela, but could not finish the voice dubbing. Later, director Jandhyala gave his voice for Veerabhadra Rao's character successfully.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15441867", "title": "Goa, Himachal Pradesh to seal tourism tie-up", "text": "PANAJI: Having signed memorandums of understanding (MOU) with tourism development corporations of five Indian states, the Goa tourism development corporation (GTDC) is now hoping to forge similar tourism tie-ups with Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh and Himachal Pradesh.The GTDC has sent such proposals to tourism corporations of 25 Indian states, officials told TOI.The six corporations that have already signed up include Gujarat, Meghalaya, Rajasthan, West Bengal and Sikkim. While GTDC is expecting favourable responses from Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh, the Himachal Pradesh tourism development corporation has agreed in principle to sign the MOU.\"We spoke to the managing director of the HPTDC at the recent mega mart and tourism conclave at Shimla and he has agreed. We expect them to sign the MOU soon,\" said Sanjay Chodnekar, GTDC general manager (marketing). A tourism MOU between the GTDC and the HPTDC will mean that each corporation will market tourism of the other to people in the home state. Residents of Goa will be able to plan holidays in Himachal Pradesh through the GTDC and residents of Himachal will be able to plan holidays in Goa that will include stays at any of the GTDC residency hotels and avail of other tourism services like water sports , river cruises, sightseeing, white water rafting in the monsoons, etc.The MOU states that both the parties will mutually market their hotel accommodation and facilities at a commission of 15% of the actual sale value.For tourism packages, the commission payable will be 10% of the actual sale value. Also, both corporations will provide marketing space in their tourism sale counters at Shimla and Panaji on a reciprocal basis.Additionally, for the HPTDC and GTDC, the booking of any of its hotels, tourist lodges and package tours may be done online with the help of a unique dedicated user ID and password to be allocated to the other party after signing the MOU. Both the corporations will initiate special package tours in their respective states to promote tourism and also explore possibilities of joint tourism packages.States to which GTDC sent proposals for tie-ups include Bihar , Andhra Pradesh , Kerala, Puducherry, West Bengal, Jammu and Kashmir , Chhattisgarh , Orissa, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15443590", "title": "In 4 days, 200 get slips for no lane sense", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It's been six months since Chandigarh traffic police started urging people to follow their lane while driving, but confusion and chaos still rules city roads.This confusion made a number of drivers get slips, as traffic cops challaned over 200 people during the past four days on Jan Marg between Cricket Stadium-16 roundabout and Punjab &amp; Haryana high court.Sudhir Goyal of Sector 15 said, \"I have attended three lectures of traffic cops about lane driving, but things are still not clear. Whenever, I try to overtake another vehicle after coming to the right, I never get a chance to come back to the middle lane.\" Goyal, who works at Punjab secretariat, only follows Jan Marg for his office.Chandigarh traffic police have made it mandatory to follow lane driving on Jan Marg since August 6. The decision was taken after strict instructions of Punjab and Haryana high court.Rakesh Bhardwaj, a trader in Sector 17, said, \"Sometimes heavy vehicles also follow lane on the right, which is against the norm.\"Traffic police Inspector Kewal Krishan, who is in charge of monitoring lane driving system, confessed that confusion still prevails among commuters, but added, \"Auto drivers and drivers of heavy vehicles, including buses, trucks etc are also being made aware of the lane system.\"Traffic police have started educating people about following lane since March 2012. Meanwhile, traffic police have also started educating people for following lane system on other roads as well have requested engineering department to install lane driving marks on these routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15447309", "title": "Portion of tent at Ramlila Maidan collapses due to rain", "text": "NEW DELHI: A portion of the tent where women were sitting at yoga guru Ramdev's protest venue at Ramlila Maidan fell due to heavy rains today.The incident took place at around 1:30 pm.As soon as the rains began, the tent on the right side of the pandal collapsed putting the women protesters at inconvenience.Many ran to other portions of the pandal.There were breaches throughout the tent, making the ground muddy as water was collected in places were people were sitting.No one was injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15443416", "title": "Jumbo calf that was reunited with its mother twice dies", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 11-day-old elephant calf, that was twice separated and reunited with its mother and her herd by forest department officials, breathed its last in Valparai on Friday following health complications.Forest officials had spotted the calf in poor health at Anaimudi Estate on Thursday evening. Though a veterinarian was summoned to provide immediate medical care, it was found dead at around 8.30 am on Friday. \"The herd had been roaming around in the Valparai region for the past 10 days. The calf was very weak and could not keep up with the herd. Its condition became worse on the fourth day since its birth when it fell into a stream and was rescued by forest officials,\" said Arokiyaraj Xavier, Manampally range officer.The elephant calf had slipped into a wild stream near Gajamudi Estate on August 3 but was rescued by forest department officials within four hours. The calf had come along with the herd to drink water but was sucked into the stream by the strong currents, thanks to the recent rains in the area.The stream that runs from Gajamudi flows through Kurangumudi Estate before reaching the Sholayar Reservoir. On hearing the distress signals of the mother and herd, forest officials began doing a search downstream for the calf. Four hours later, the team found the calf struggling in water, in the tail end area of Gajamudi Estate. The calf was rescued and reunited with the mother.But the calf was found abandoned again on Thursday and officials once again reunited it with its mother after treating it for its ailments. But it breathed its last on Friday.An autopsy was conducted by afternoon and the carcass was buried in Anaimudi Estate. Residents have been warned against possible trouble created by the herd camping in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "15441986", "title": "Haridwar priest fasting for new probe into death of Nigmanand", "text": "DEHRADUN: Haridwar's Matrisadan Ashram founder Shivanand Sarswati (67) continued his fast-unto-death for the fifth day on Friday seeking a fresh CBI probe into the death of 32-year-old Swami Nigmanand, who was campaigning against illegal quarrying around the Ganga.Sarswati alleged that Nigmanand was poisoned to death on May 13, 2011 at a Dehradun hospital at the behest of Haridwar's powerful stone-crushers' lobby as he opposed illegal quarrying around the Ganga and Kumbh. Sarswati said illegall quarrying threatens the Ganga and the region's ecology.Matrisadan Ashram's Dayanand Brahamchari told TOI that Sarswati went on the fast after CBI probe ruled out poisoning as the cause of Nigmanand's death.Nigmanand died at the hospital after he was admitted there after his condition deteriorated while he was fasting since February 19, 2011 to press for a ban on illegally quarrying.The government had ordered a CBI probe into Nigmanand's death in May last year.Saraswati insisted that he has \"conclusive evidence\" to prove that Nigmanand was poisoned and accused the CBI of fabricating its report to \"shield those responsible for his death\".He has sought the constitution of an independent medical board to ascertain actual cause of the Nigmanand's death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15445981", "title": "Prachi to romance Sanjay Dutt in Saamy remake", "text": "Actress Prachi Desai will be seen romancing Sanjay Dutt in the Hindi remake of renowned South director K S Ravikumar's film 'Saamy'. The 2003 Tamil film remake will see the 53-year-old veteran pairing up with the much younger Prachi (23) in the lead.\"We have finalised Prachi for the film. She is apt for the role of a girl next door. We always had Prachi in mind for this film,\" co-producer P G Srikant told PTI. 'Saamy' a masala film, tells the story of a tough cop. The Tamil movie was directed by Hari and starred Vikram and Trisha Krishnan in key roles. The film was a huge hit down south and was remade in Telugu. Directed by Ravikumar, who has worked with Rajinikanth in 'Muttu' and 'Padayappa ' and a couple of films with Kamal Hassan the Hindi installment will see Sanjay playing the role of a cop. \"Sanjay's role of a cop is very different from what we have seen in ' Dabangg'. Prachi is a software engineer. She falls in love with him and marries him,\" Srikant said.The co-producer is confident of the fate of the film even before it releases. \"This film is a remake of a superhit Tamil film. And in the past we have seen that remake films like ' Wanted', 'Rowdy Rathore ' are doing quite well at the Bollywood box office. We are sure this film will also do well,\" Srikant said. The shooting will begin from August 22 at the famous Ramoji Film City in Hyderabad and it will release in first week of May next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441774", "title": "NIA to press charges against Ganpathy for instigating Red violence", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what could prove to be clinching 'evidence' of CPI (Maoist) general secretary Mupalla Lakshmana Rao alias Ganpathy's complicity in Left-wing extremist violence across the country, the arms manufacturing units, which were busted by the West Bengal Police and the National Investigation Agency (NIA) in March, were set up at his direct supervision.Investigations revealed that the units assembled thousands of low-cost rocket launchers, estimated to cost Rs 5 crore, in the past three years. The units acted as a conduit to procure components for manufacturing launchers from various companies in Kolkata and Mumbai on the pretext of making boilers or other machines.The chain of command included three top Maoist leaders, apart from the party's technical committee chief Sadanala Ramkrishna, who is in custody.The NIA, which has completed investigations into its first naxal violence case, is likely to file the charge sheet in the third week of August.Sources said the chargesheet would name five Maoist leaders, who are all on the run. Ganpathy, Central Committee members Nimbala Kesavan Rao alias Basavraj and Thipirri Tirupathy alias Devji, Central Technical Committee member B N Rao alias Prabhakar and Chhattisgarh area commander Sahdeo's names will figure in the charge sheet. Except Sahdeo, all the other leaders are from Andhra Pradesh, but operate in Chhattisgarh.Besides these leaders, the charge sheet will be filed against nine arrested accused \u2014 Ramkrishna, Deepak Kumar Pargania, Sukumar Mandal, Bapi Mudi, Sambhu Charan, Dinesh Wankhede, Aasimkumar Bhattacharya, Suman Gawde and Paru Patel.Charges will be pressed for setting up arms manufacturing units to produce sophisticated Army-grade rocket launchers. Ganpathy ordered setting up of these units during the party's ninth congress. Ramkrishna, an engineer from Warangal in AP, was entrusted with the responsibility to execute the plan.\"The Maoists had floated fake companies such as Century Fabricators or Durga Technical Pvt Ltd and procured components for manufacturing launchers,\" said an official.The components were sent to jungles of Abujmarh in Chhattisgarh, where Maoist cadres assembled and tested the weapons. Ganpathy, Devji and Basavraj placed orders for arms consignment. Prabhakar took care of the finances and followed up on the orders, while Sahdeo's ensured the components reach inside the jungle.Investigations revealed that the Maoist's arm manufacturing activities started in 1999, when a weapon-making unit was busted in Pune. Later, the rebels shifted base to Bhopal and Rourkela in mid-2005, and then chose to operate from Kolkata and Mumbai.Forensic examination of component parts of over 1,000 launchers seized by the NIA has confirmed that they were used for manufacturing military-grade launchers, and call detail records of the accused have established the trail of the chain of command from the jungles of Chhattisgarh to Kolkata and Mumbai.A Central Committee member is NIA's key witness in the case, apart from various transporters and owners of component part companies who have recorded their statements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15442536", "title": "Jewellers lose 3.5kg gold kept in scooter", "text": "CHENNAI: Two jewellers from Alwarpet lost 3.5 kg of gold jewellery, which they were transporting in the compartment under the seat of a scooter near Egmore on Thursday night.Police said Dinesh, of Alwarpet, and his brother Ramesh were carrying the gold from Parry's to Alwarpet. \"It suddenly started raining so they stopped near a paan shop in Egmore and Dinesh parked the vehicle under a tree,\" a police officer said. \"He and his brother took shelter at a bus stop nearby.\"When the rain let up, they continued on their way. The brothers, who run a jewellery shop at Adyar, did not notice that the gold was missing until they reached Alwarpet.\"They said they did not suspect that anything was amiss because they did not see anybody approach the scooter and the seat of the two-wheeler appeared to be shut,\" said Elephant Gate inspector S John Sundar. \"Dinesh said they had business losses recently and decided to sell the gold to a pawnbroker in Alwarpet.\"Based on a complaint by Dinesh, the Elephant Gate police registered a case and started an investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15447063", "title": "Jo misses Maattraan audio launch", "text": "Launching the albums of a film abroad seems to be the order of the day (Endhiran and Manmadhan albums were launched in Malaysia and Singapore), the latest one being the album of Maattraan.The album of the Suriya-starrer was recently unveiled in Singapore away from the media glare in a stylish manner. But the star presence at the launch didn't quite quench the thirst of the fans, who had turned up in huge numbers to get a glimpse of their favourite actors. Not very long ago, it was announced that some of the top celebrities from the Tamil and Telugu film industry will be flown in to Singapore. Those present at the do included Divya Spandana, Neetu Chandra , Anjali and Poorna, and the husband-wife duo Prasanna and Sneha. The female lead of the film Kajal Aggarwal too was missing on the occasion as she was shooting for a Telugu film abroad. Even Suriya's wife Jyothika wasn't present at the do. However, the director of the film, KV Anand, who was excited about the fact that fans turned up in droves, posted on his micro-blogging page, \"It was a big show in Singapore. what a fantastic audience! no one moved out of their chair even after 3 1/2 hrs.thank you singapore.\" (sic).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15448506", "title": "Barua for inclusion of chess in Olympics", "text": "KOLKATA: Grandmaster Dibeyendu Barua is for inclusion of chess in the Olympics Games. \"Talks are on for long on this issue,\" Barua said, \"but nothing constructive has come out till now.\"Barua felt chess should be given the honour of being an Olympic sport. \"Chess is one of the most popular games in the world now. It is a household game in most countries,\" he said.However, the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) is still not convinced about the spectator-friendliness aspect of the game and is thus apprehensive about including it in the greatest show of Earth.\"We have Chess Olympiad which is a biennial event. I have played in the meet for a number of times, but still we are not given the honour of being an Olympian,\" he said.The GM felt every sportsperson dreams to be an Olympian and in spite of chess being so popular in the country it is sad that chess players are denied of that opportunity.He also felt India stand a good chance to win a medal if chess is included in the Games. \"We have the five-time World champion Visawanathan Anand in our ranks along with great players like K Sasikiran, P Harikrishna and Surya Sekhar Ganguly. I genuinely believe India can win some medals if chess is included in the Olympics,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15449918", "title": "Schools kids set for a higher football pitch", "text": "Schools football in Bengal got a shot in the arm when the Debanjan Sen Foundation revived the Keventer Cup last month. While the efficient organising, often lifted by enthusiastic all-round support from the sidelines, left a chorus of 'this is it' and plenty of possibilities, the Foundation has done well to continue and lend more meaning to their efforts. A month after La Martiniere tamed St James in the final, a follow-up programme is the buzz on campuses.When CCFC 'A' take on the Keventer Cup All Stars at the their historic ground in Ballygunge under lights on Sunday, the hosts may just feel the heat despite going on to the pitch with the obvious advantage of age. The All Stars, put together with the best from the Keventer Cup, may be composed of school kids but, as former international Anit Ghosh will tell you, they have it in them to rattle the big boys.Ghosh, one of the many top footballers who have been lending a helping hand to the tournament, has been training the 20 talented boys in a 10-day camp. Rivals have joined ranks to present a daunting prospect. Sunday will be a big test but the Foundation is already committed itself to carrying them forward.\"We are delighted to have given this opportunity to these gifted boys and will now take the next step of trying to promote them further as footballers,\" a spokesperson of the Foundation. Debanjan, a keen footballer who was actively involved with the Baichung Bhutia-led Football Players Association of India (FPAI), would have approved of that had he been around.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15449569", "title": "Girls sings bolian on Teej", "text": "AMRITSAR: The festival of `Teej was celebrated with fervor as the young students danced to the tunes of traditional Punjabi music here on Friday .Teej functions were held at various places including colleges , schools and clubs. At Khalsa College for Women (KCW) the girls recited `Bolian' (verses from folk music) and performed `Gidda' to welcome the `Savana', the rain month, as the festival is associated with the happiness in wake of the onset of monsoon. KCW Principal Dr Sukhbir Kaur Mahal herself took the lead and participated in the dance and song items. She said that the festival reminds us of the happy times in life.Dr Mahal said that the festival was traditionally celebrated in Punjab during the month of rain. She chided that though this time the rain had been scarce, there were still reasons to be happy as the hopes were still high that the rains would come one day.Dr.Mahal expressed her concerns over the traditional festivals like these being forgotten by the younger generation, who spend most of their times on inter-net and watching movies.``The festival is all girls' oriented who lays the foundation of any society or culture\" said a participating girl Harshdeep Kau adding that they were happy to celebrate a festival l that was slowly dying as hardly in the villages these days the festival was celebrated, which otherwise used to dominate rural landscape of Punjab during Savana month''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15448788", "title": "LiLo throws fit at Clint Eastwood's daughter's b'day party", "text": "Lindsay Lohan created a massive scene at a Hollywood nightclub, where Clint Eastwood's daughter Francesca Eastwood was celebrating her 19th birthday with a small group of friends.\"We were celebrating my girlfriend Francesca's birthday at Bootsy Bellows, and it was a blast,\" Us magazine quoted Eastwood's photographer beau Tyler Shields as telling E! News.\"Suddenly, there was a burst of chaos, and as quickly as it started it was over. After the fact, we were all a bit confused about what just happened,\" he said.Eastwood agreed that she and her pals were all baffled by the troubled starlet's behavior-but added that it didn't put a damper on her celebration.\"I'm not sure what exactly sparked Lindsay's outburst.\"Regardless, I still had an amazing birthday and Parent Trap is still my favorite movie,\" Eastwood said.According to a source, the 'Liz and Dick' actress appeared to be back to her old, headline-making antics at Bootsy Bellows, putting a wrench in Eastwood's birthday bash.\"Francesca was celebrating with around a dozen friends in a private area when Lindsay came over and started screaming that Francesca should leave,\" the source said.\"She was yelling, 'I'm a star, she's a nobody, get her out of here!'\"\"One poor guy came over and tried to calm [Lindsay] down and she acted aggressively. At that point security told her to leave and it was totally embarrassing. She is acting like some bad '80s film star, and it is hard to watch because she needs help,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15441906", "title": "Isro comes to classroom", "text": "BANGALORE: Engineering student Abhilash VR, 19, dreams of making it big in aeronautics science. But the limitations of the country's education system in this particular discipline had forced him to opt for an engineering course. However, a certificate course on space, a brainchild of eminent scientist-professor C Sivaram came as a window to a new world, and others with a keen interest in space sciences.The 120-hour course 'Space and Rocket Dynamics', taught by scientists from Isro, Indian Institute of Astrophysics and other premier organizations, may not substitute extensive space courses in foreign universities but it does touch upon the modern concepts of space sciences, many of which haven't been updated in engineering and science textbooks yet.From introduction to astronomy and astrophysics, astrobiology, cosmology, high-energy astronomy, planetary science, atmospheric physics, rocket dynamics, nuclear physics, high-energy astrophysics, the course tries to gap the bridge between basic sciences and applied sciences, Prof Sivaram, former chairman of Indian Institute of Astrophysics told TOI.\"The course provides a platform for students to learn about space sciences which are not otherwise taught in classrooms, with an aim to inspire them to carry on with research in these fields,\" said Sivaram.The course is lectured by world-class scientists like C Sivaram, Shankar Subramanium (Isac-Isro Satellite Centre, Bangalore), R Ramesh (IIA, director, Gauribidanur Observatory), Dr Shyama (Isac), Dr Athray (Isac), besides guest lectures.\"We get to interact with astronomers and scientists involved with real-time projects. We also get to visit space facilities,\" said Gautam Raj, 22, who took the course in 2010. The 2012 edition of the course starts in September. It will be held at St Joseph's College of Arts and Science.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15441846", "title": "Govt body to recruit clerks: CM", "text": "PANAJI: The government is considering the possibility of setting up a subordinate staff commission to handle the recruitment of C and D grade government staff like lower division clerks, peons, etc.Speaking in the presence of Goa governor Bharat Vir Wanchoo, at a function to launch the silver jubilee year of the GPSC, Parrikar said that while the GPSC has a relatively easy time recruiting A and B grade staff as the applications are about 200 to 300, the number of applications for two posts of lower division clerks are in the range of 10,000.Presently, recruitments to these posts are handled by the respective departments. But once an independent subordinate staff commission is set up, recruitments of lower grade staff for all government departments will be done under the common body of the subordinate staff commission.Parrikar said that with the GPSC completing 25 years, it needs to introspect and evolve a mechanism to improve its functioning because good bureaucracy leads to better governance of the state. Goa advocate general Atmaram Nadkarni, in his keynote address, 'Relevance of bureaucracy in good governance', said that the GPSC has been \"outstanding\" in its 25 years of service, even though other states have been rocked by scams in their public service commissions.Nadkarni said the GPSC needs to be more proactive in framing recruitment policy and urged the state government to stop the \"large scale ad-hoc appointments\" in government departments. He also pointed to another anomaly in the system where the minimum educational qualification for the post of mamlatdar is a law degree but for the mamlatdar's boss, the deputy collector, the minimum qualification is graduation. This anomaly has to go, Nadkarni said, adding that the importance of the bureaucracy cannot be undermined and only a good bureaucracy can deliver policies of the political exective.Chairman Prakash Desai said the GPSC may introduce on-line applications from candidates to attract more talent into government service. The first GPSC chairman J C Almeida and other past chairpersons and members were felicitated by Wanchoo. They were Alvaro de Noronha Ferreira, H Y Karapurkar, Antonio D'Souza and late Avinash Vaze, represented by his son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15447722", "title": "Apple sold 15 times more phones than Samsung in US: Court filing", "text": "LONDON: South Korean mobile maker Samsung sold just 1.4 million units of Galaxy tablets while Apple sold 34 million iPads, documents filed in the bitter court battle between the two technology giants have revealed.The latest evidence to be released in the San Jose trial between Apple and Samsung also showed that Samsung sold 4.1 million Galaxy S II phones, out of a total of 21 million sold to US mobile phone carriers since April 2010.The new revelations could be embarrassing for Samsung, which has repeatedly declined to put figures on its shipments or sales of smartphones or tablets since early 2011, preferring instead only to give revenue figures.The documents showed that, for the comparative period with Samsung's, Apple shipped a total of 34 million iPads, 62.8 million iPhones and 25.3 million iPod Touches, The Telegraph reports.Overall, it shipped a total of 85.9 million iPhones, 46.5 million iPod Touches and 34 million iPads since 2007 in the US.According to the paper, comparing Samsung's 21 million smartphones shipped to Apple's 62.8 million is difficult because Samsung sells other phones that are not alleged to infringe Apple designs, while Apple sells only the iPhone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15440934", "title": "Woman dies of \u2018stomach ache\u2019, cops await autopsy", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 30-year-old businesswoman, a resident of Rajouri Garden, died on the way to DDU Hospital on Thursday night.According to cops, the woman, Sabina Davol, had gone out for dinner with her business partner on Thursday. On returning home, she complained of stomach ache and fainted. She was rushed to a local nursing home but doctors referred her to DDU Hospital. However, Sabina was declared dead on arrival. \"Though it seems like a severe case of food poisoning, we will rule out foul play only after getting the postmortem report,\" said a senior investigating officer.Sabina was married to Parjeet Singh Deol and has two girls \u2014 a five-year-old and a three-year-old. Her husband stays in London but visited her often. She stayed with her in-laws at Shivaji Enclave. \"During once such visit Deol got introduced to Rejinder Seth from Tilak Nagar and they became acquainted. Sabina opened a tailoring unit in Bindapur in partnership with Seth. On Thursday, the duo decided to pay a visit to the unit,\" said an officer.According to V Renganathan, additional CP (west), Sabina came back home and said that she didn't feel like eating. She brought back some food from the restaurant and asked her family to heat it up. Meanwhile, she complained of severe pain in the stomach and fainted,\" said Renganathan.Cops are taking down statements of family members and trying to get information from the place the duo had dinner. Reportedly, one of them drank beer too. \"If we find any negligence on the part of the eatery, we will register a case,\" said the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15441975", "title": "Former DSP killed in Kashmir", "text": "SRINAGAR: Unidentified militants shot dead a retired police officer while he was coming out of a mosque after offering Friday prayers in Srinagar's Batamaloo area.A police officer identified the slain as ex-DSP Abdul Hamid Bhat and said his attackers fled the scene taking advantage of the panic that followed his killing. Bhat had retired from the force last year.Police said a hunt had been launched to arrest Bhat's killers while no militant outfit claimed responsibility for the attack.It was the fourth militant attack in Batamaloo since December last year. Ruling National Conference worker Bashir Ahmad was killed in the area on December 24 last year. Days later, SHO Mohammad Altaf was shot at on January 4. A local imam was critically wounded after unidentified militants fired at him on March 17.Security forces have largely been targets of recent militant hit-and-run attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15442994", "title": "Environmentalist Claude Alvares defends Gadgil report", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Renowned environmentalist Claude Alvares has defended the report of the Western Ghats Environment Expert Panel (WGEEP) led by Madhav Gadgil stating that it is an exercise to save one of the 12 ecological hotspots on earth.He said that by rejecting it, Kerala will forfeit its label of 'Gods own country'.He was speaking while delivering the 11th N Narendran commemorative lecture on the topic 'Why are governments hostile to the environment'?\"Let the Kerala government read the report which is a scientific document and highlight the dissenting portions, rejecting it outright without reading its contents is irresponsible. Forget about the label of 'God's Own Country', it is reducing itself to 'Man's own land',\" he said.Alvares criticized the government for not translating the report into Malayalam and circulating it among locals in the Western Ghats.Referring to Plachimada, Alvares said that it seemed the intervention of a corporate firm like Coca-Cola was needed to unite the left and right in Kerala. \"Let some multinational company enter and declare that we are purchasing Western Ghat. Then everybody will unit against it and save the Western Ghat, he said.\"I am not defending Gadgil, but I am only defending the exercise to protect an excellent ecological hotspot. Gadgil seems to be a radical democrat as he seeks to go back to the panchayats and to translate the report in the language of the region, for it is a report that is a summation of biodiversity incorporating the scientific documentation involving the best minds,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15446066", "title": "E-offices for state govt departments from October", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government has made it mandatory for all local self-governments, various state authorities to switch to e-offices from October.Except for finance, planning, law and judiciary and general administration department, all the other departments at the state headquarters will have to switch to an e-office by January next year.The decision to switch all office functions online has been prompted by the recent fire at the state headquarters when a large number of documents were destroyed.The fire, which started on the fourth floor, of the main building spread right up to the seventh floor, and in the process gutted the offices of the chief minister and the deputy chief minister as well.While the government has created the file journey management system to electronically track files, not every file had been scanned.Several have been lost particularly confidential reports of employees, important circulars, inquiry reports etc.The software for the e-offices has been procured from the National Informatics Centre, Hyderabad.It includes knowledge management system, e-files which includes creation of files, movement of receipts and files and archival of records. The e-office also comprises budget monitoring system, personnel management system, leave and tour management system etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15442638", "title": "\u2018The holy book condemns terrorism in any form\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Muslims must turn towards the holy book in times of trials and tribulations and condemn terrorism in any form, said speakers at the Youm-ul-Quran (day of the Quran) organised in Mecca Masjid on Friday after the afternoon prayers.The event began with the qirat (recitation of the Quran) as the massive prayer hall and courtyard resonated with the verses of the scripture: 'then which favours of your lord will you deny?' The qirat was recited by Subhan Khundmiri from Jamia Nizamia and was followed by naat (hymns in praise of Prophet Muhammad).Speakers at the historic mosque said Ramzan was a time when Muslims must stand united as one and fight against oppression and tyranny. They noted that although minorities have been targeted by oppressive regimes like those in Syria and Myanmar, they should not lose hope but be strong. They stressed that the Quran advocates equal rights and demanded that the Sachar Committee recommendations be implemented without any further delay.Speakers said Muslims must combat terrorism of all forms and by all means and they should declare a global jihad (struggle) against terrorism.Addressing a gathering of the close to 4,000 believers, Farhatullah Khan, spokesperson, Majlis Bachao Tehreek said, \"The Quran condemns everything evil including terrorism in all forms. All members of society must strongly resist attacks on innocent civilians. It is unfortunate that the Gogoi government failed to take preventive steps to stop the killing of innocent civilians. We, the minorities, want social equity. We will shine if we are given the opportunity to do so.\"Speakers also demanded the release of constable Abdul Quadeer, who has been languishing in jail for 22 years for the murder of ACP Sattaiah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15445935", "title": "It would be churlish to deny Laxman the chance to go out on a high", "text": "VVS Laxman has served Indian cricket with great distinction for over a decade and it would be churlish to deny him the chance to go out on a high. However, the selectors and team management must also consider the needs of the team, and indeed place it above those of the individual.It would be best, therefore, if they sat down and had a chat with the batting maestro to work out an exit strategy for him that is fair to both sides. It must take into consideration the fact that any youngster who replaces Laxman should get a chance to be blooded on home turf before he is asked to fend for himself on more hostile pitches abroad.Related story:  Raina, Chawla get Test lifeline against New Zealand", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441358", "title": "Navy to buy 56 utility helicopters for $1bn", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has set the ball rolling for another mega defence deal, worth close to $1 billion, for the acquisition of 56 naval utility helicopters customized for surveillance, anti-submarine warfare, anti-terror, electronic intelligence gathering and search and rescue operations.The armed forces are looking to induct as many as 900 helicopters in the coming decade, including 384 light-utility and observation, 90 naval multi-role, 65 light combat, 22 heavy-duty attack, 139 medium-lift and 15 heavy-lift, among others, as was first reported by TOI earlier.The new tender or RFP (request for proposal) for the 56 naval helicopters was issued to all top global aviation majors \u2014 ranging from Boeing , Bell and Sikorsky to Kamov, Eurocopter and AgustaWestland \u2014 last week.\"The naval utility helicopter are planned for induction from 2016 (onwards),\" said Navy chief Admiral Nirmal Verma. As per the RFP, the project involves induction of the 56 choppers, three simulators, 28 spare engines and associated equipment within eight years of the inking of the contract.The twin-engine helicopters, with a 4,500-kg maximum \"all up\" weight and capable of operating from warship decks, will be armed with 70mm rocket launchers and 12.7mm guns as well as lightweight torpedoes and depth charges.With a \"modern airframe design, proven fuel-efficient engines and fully-integrated advanced avionics\", these new helicopters will replace the existing fleet of Chetaks inducted over three decades ago.This is Navy's second major \"rotary wing\" project. The first is for around 90 multi-role helicopters in the 9 to12.5-tonne class, with potent combat capabilities as well as customized for amphibious assaults and commando operations, at a cost of over $2.5 billion to replace ageing Sea King helicopters.But the first contract for 16 such multi-role helicopters \u2014 to be followed by the main one for over 75 choppers \u2014 has run into some trouble. European NH Industries, which deployed its NH-90 helicopters for the extensive field trials, has filed a complaint against the other contender, the American Sikorsky-70B.\"Both met the NSQRs (naval staff qualitative requirements) after the trials last year but the complaint has delayed the opening of commercial bids. It is being examined,\" said an official.Another big project facing similar problems is the one for 197 light helicopters for over Rs 3,000 crore, with Russian Kamov Ka-226T pitted against Eurocopter AS 550 C3 Fennec after the technical evaluation.Acquisition of these 197 helicopters is to be followed by the indigenous manufacture of 187 similar ones by Hindustan Aeronautics to replace the ageing Cheetah and Chetak fleets of Army and IAF.The second contract for 71 more Russian medium-lift and weaponized Mi-17 V5 helicopters for around $1 billion, 59 for IAF and 12 for BSF, is, however, going ahead. This comes after deliveries of the first 80 Mi-17 V5s to IAF, under a $1.34-billion deal inked in 2008, began last September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441664", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation, Mhada to get mill land in 6 months", "text": "MUMBAI: The Supreme Court on Thursday gave Bombay Dyeing six months, starting August 9, to hand over possession of part of its mill lands at Naigaum and Lower Parel to the BMC and Mhada.The SC also ordered that the \"BMC and Mhada shall be at liberty to take possession of the concerned lands forcibly\" if the company fails to meet the deadline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15442005", "title": "Baby-selling case: Doctors say elder son not curable", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after a woman was arrested for selling their newly born son to a neighbour for getting money for the treatment of her elder son in Sriganganagar district, she suffered another blow on Friday when she was told that chances of his elder son Raunak being totally cured were very slim.Neurologists at a government hospital in Sriganganagar told some social activists who had taken Raunak for medical consultation that he not only suffers from paralysis, but is also mentally challenged.Sandhya Devi, her husband Ashok and a couple Vinod Agrawal and his wife Shakuntala Devi living in town had been arrested by the police on Thursday. Sandhya had sold her newly born son for Rs 40,000 to her neighbour Vinod Agrawal and his wife Shakuntala Devi. Shandhya needed Rs 40,000 for the treatment of her two-year-old paralytic son Raunak. Shandhya and other accused were released on bail a few hours after their arrest.\"Sandhya and her husband Ashok are so poor and uneducated that they did not even realize that Raunak, for whom they had sold their newly born son, was also mentally challenged. The doctors told us on Friday that Raunak has multiple neurological disorders and chances of him being completely cured are very less,\" said social activist Mahesh Periwal who also runs a trust for mentally challenged children.Sandhya Devi also told the officials on Friday that Vinod had promised to keep her newborn son with him. However, she came to know later that he was intending to sell the child to someone else in Punjab.She said that she had agreed to sell the boy on the condition that the neighbour would keep him with his family. However, when she came to know that he intended to sell him to someone else, she objected to it and approached the police. However, the police arrested the woman, her husband and the neighbours on charges of human trafficking.\"I met Sandhya Devi at her house on Friday. She told me and police officials that she had made a deal of selling his boy for Rs 40,000 with her neighbour Vinod Agrawal when she was pregnant,\" said Periwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15440641", "title": "Congress diluted BTC conflict as ethnic clashes: BJP", "text": "GUWAHATI: The BJP state unit on Friday asked the Centre to create strict law to detect, detain and deport illegal migrants from Assam and India at the earliest.Challenging the Congress leaders' remarks in Parliament, BJP Lok Sabha MP Rajen Gohain blamed the ruling government for diluting the present conflict in the BTC area as an ethnic clash. Addressing the media, Gohain said the Parliament discussed the present conflict in the BTC area but overlooked the real issues behind the conflict.\"It's very unfortunate. Though the BTC conflict was discussed in the Parliament, the MPs of Congress and even AGP failed to address the real cause behind the conflict. The government, which diluted the ongoing clash in the BTC as an ethnic clash, has deliberately avoided the root cause behind this. No one tagged it as national problem. It's a clash between Indians and foreigners,\" said Gohain.Citing the Assam Accord signed between then-Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi and All Assam Students' Union (AASU), the BJP MP alleged the ruling government contradicted itself with regard to the illegal influx. \"The Congress government at the Centre and state constantly deny that there are Bangladeshis living in Assam illegally. I want to ask the Congress leadership if there was no influx, why did Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi sign the Assam Accord?\" asked Gohain.According to him, the Congress leaders, who have been allegedly favouring the illegal Bangladeshis for their vote bank policy, would regret this. \"These leaders, who are now compassionate with these migrants only for political benefits, should know that they won't be in politics forever. They should think about the future of their children who will be in this land in future. The Congress should know that the Bangladeshi voters that they are protecting now, have already stopped voting for them,\" said the Lok Sabha MP.The MP demanded sealing of the Assam-Bangladesh border, updating the National Registrar of Citizen (NRC) and formation of a Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) to assess the situation in BTC. \"If no serious step is taken now, Assam will become the next Bangladesh Occupied Assam (BOA),\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441734", "title": "Woman found dead, hubby under lens", "text": "MUMBAI: A 22-year-old woman was found dead in her Mira Road home on Thursday. Her husband, who is missing, is the prime suspect. Kavita Jaat was found strangulated with her dupatta.Kavita stayed in a rented room in Saidham chawl at Kashimira with her husband, Bhupendra. The couple was employed at a supermarket in Thakur mall in Dahisar. Kavita's landlady alerted the cops about her death. Cops are looking for Bhupendra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15449469", "title": "Bone marrow transplant is emerging as an effective tool for cure of sickle cell disease in patients", "text": "NAGPUR: Due to absence of any data on the severity of sickle cell disease in India, bone marrow transplant (BMT) has never been looked as a viable option for cure of the genetic disease which is prevalent in a large section of society.Dr Lakshmanan Krishnamurti, a paediatric hematologist-cum-oncologist at the Pittsburg Children Hospital, said that BMT can be used to cure the disease in children with severe disease in India. \"I feel that India, especially central India has enough children with severe form of disease who can be cured using BMT,\" Dr Krishnamurti, who was in city to attend a meeting, told TOI.Dr Krishnamurti has pioneered a special BMT technique in USA called as 'reduced intensity conditioning or RIC' . This technique like conventional process does not completely destroy the bone marrow of the patient before transplanting the donor's marrow into the patient. Some amount of the marrow is left behind to which donor's marrow is added. Also the process uses lesser amount of chemotherapy. This eliminates the life threatening side effects of transplant.In conventional BMT procedures the patient's bone marrow is completely destroyed before the transplant which makes the recipient extremely vulnerable to other life threatening complications. RIC minimizes chances of severe post-operative complications. The method uses enough doses of immunosuppressants to prevent the marrow from rejection.\"But still this dose is within safe limits. I wish the centre at the Government Medical College and Hospital led by Dr Dipty Jain has enough children patients with severe sickle cell diseases who can be treated with RIC,\" said Dr Krishnamurti who has and performed 15 out of the 50-60 BMT on sickle cell patients so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15443595", "title": "Govt welfare projects for fishermen", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The state government has taken measures to provide relief to fishermen through banks, said K Babu, minister for fisheries.Speaking after inaugurating the distribution of biometric cards to the seagoing fishermen at the Tagore Centenary Hall on Friday, he said the fishermen need to open bank account to get the aid of the department. \"The government will distribute the money through Bank of India ,\" he said.He said the government will construct houses for 30,000 homeless fishermen in the state. The state government has allotted Rs 14 crore for the implementation of Marad Matsyagramam project.The regional office of the coastal development corporation will be set up in the district. The state government has given administrative sanction of Rs 8.2 crore for dredging work at the Beypore port. Kerala State Marine Development Corporation will conduct the work, he said.M K Raghavam, MP was the chief guest on the occasion. Corporation Mayor A K Premajam presided over the function.Under the scheme, biometric cards will be distributed to 2,36,268 fishermen and 71,628 persons working in the related jobs in the state. The scheme was introduced by the Union government to ensure the safety of the seagoing fishermen after the 26/11 Mumbai terror attack.Minister also visited Koyilanday and Puthiyappa ports. He informed that the state government has submitted Rs 8 crore project to the Union government for the extension of existing wharf at Puthiyappa port. He said measures will also be taken to remove mud from the ports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15443569", "title": "\u2018It might rain for 2 more days\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Low pressure monsoon turf in Rajasthan and neighbouring areas led to rainfall in the city in the past two days. These showers may continue for another day or two but after that it won't rain this much as monsoon turf is moving from Ganganagar to Kolkata.City residents are delighted as in the past two days rainfall has been better than earlier part of the season.On Thursday, city recorded 10.8mm rain and on Friday the figure went up to 13mm. Such rain might have brought troubles like traffic jam and waterlogging, but it brought smiles on thefaces of people as it showered relief from the scorching heat.According to meteorology department, after Sunday, intensity of rain will grow weaker. But the two-day rain has downed the day and night temperatures considerably. On August 8, the maximum temperature was 34 degrees celsius and minimum was 26.7 degrees whereas on August 10, the maximum temperature came down to 28.5 degrees and minimum remained at 23 degree celsius.A resident of Sector 37, Harish Saini said, \"Thank God it finally rained. But showers should go on for next at least one week to bring relief from humidity.\"\"Rain has brought smiles to my kids' faces and I want this smile to stay,\" added Suruchi Sabharwal of Sector 32.Met department director Surinder Paul said after a day or two, it will rain less. He said heavy rainfall was witnessed in the past two days because of low pressure turf at Rajasthan and nearby areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15443441", "title": "Master Plan deadline is October 10", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore Urban Development Authority (Muda) on Friday set October 10 as deadline for the stakeholders in Mysore's growth to suggest changes and file objections to the draft proposals in the Master Plan 2031.The draft Master Plan 2031 was published in the Karnataka Gazette on Thursday. Now the document and maps will be made available to the public at the Nanjaraj Bahadur Choultry.Muda commissioner CG Betsurmath said the Master Plan 2031 has also been uploaded on Muda website www.mudamysore.gov.inHe has asked the public and organizations for feedback and also to file objections within 60 days. The objections can be filed either in person at the Muda or through registered post, he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15448882", "title": "Woman uses forged documents, held", "text": "New Delhi: When she committed the crime, she walked free; she was nailed when she was all clean. Strange it may sound but a recent case at US embassy wherein a woman, identified as Amardeep Kaur, was arrested by the police, says so. Kaur was arrested for using a fake passport but as passport was genuine, she went on to challenge the cops. But little did she know that her luck had ran out as the 'facial recognition hit' had nailed her and the embassy authorities had come to know that she had used a fake passport and even faked a person as her husband to go to the US in 2007. The cops also arrested the fake husband, Vivek Dheer also who had connived in the crime.During interrogation, the woman told cops that her ?2007 nonimmigrant visa application of 2007 was fraudulent ?and further admitted that Vivek Dheer was not her husband?. ??Kaur claimed that her true husband?, ?Gurdeep Singh?, ?was living in the United States and as she wanted to live with him, she used a fake passport to apply for the visa.It was disclosed that Kaur met an agent who identified himself as Sukwinder Ram at his office who arranged the paperwork along with her Indian Passport?. ??Kaur said she paid Ram a total of five ?Lakh Rupees for his assistance?.?Embassy officials told cops that ?Kaur applied for a nonimmigrant visa at US embassy on January ?11?, ?2007 ?in the name of Anju Karra?. \"Karra presented Indian Passport Number F?9020353 ?as proof of identity and citizenship?. ?Consular ?records indicate that ?Karra applied for her visa with a man named Vivek Dheer and the two were ?interviewed as husband and wife?. ?Dheer presented Indian Passport Number E?8302529 ?as proof of ?identity and citizenship?. ?As a result of the facial recognition discrepancy?, ?Embassy officials interviewed Ms?. ?Kaur to determine her true identity wherein the facts were disclosed,\" embassy official told cops in the statement.A case of fraud was registered and SHO Chanakyapuri had begun investigations. After arresting Kaur, they arrested Dheer on her instance. They were sent to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15442629", "title": "2,350 fined for tinted glass on vehicles", "text": "NASHIK: According to traffic police, since the month of May, 2,350 motorists have been fined for having black film on the windows of their four-wheeers. Of these, 970 motorists were fined in the month of August alone.According to the Motor Vehicle Act, vehicles cannot bear a black film on their windows if it blocks more than the permissible amount of light. City cops have come down heavily on such motorists in view of the possibility of crimes such as sexual assault, that could be executed by motorists in vehicles having tinted windows. The action is being taken across the city, but mainly around Dwarka, CBS , Shalimar and Trimbak Road. The check has reportedly become even more necessary in light of the recent blasts in Pune.Action against those violating the tinted glass norm involves paying a meagre fine of Rs 100 to traffic cops. Nonetheless, police have said that the drive will be an on-going process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15442904", "title": "Dengue panic sweeps but Kolkata Municipal Corporation sleeps", "text": "KOLKATA: With there is no steady sign of rains so far and dengue looking set to wreak havoc, the civic body is yet to pull up its socks. A day after some private hospitals in the city and its fringes painted a grim picture, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation health department has termed the reports baffling.However, the KMC health department records speak otherwise. Though the civic authorities had ruled out the gravity of the problem after a 40-year-old woman, a resident of Garfa on the south-eastern fringes, died of dengue three weeks back, figures available with the KMC health department now show that there is little room for complacency for the civic health officials.The KMC health department has received over 50 cases of dengue since January till the first week of August, compared to 27 recorded during the same period last year.According to a senior KMC health department official, if the figures from the private health care institutes are to be taken into account, the cases of dengue would cross 100.However, some civic authorities feel that there are flaws in the figures, being sent by the private hospitals and diagnostic centres to the KMC health department. \"They are confirming dengue cases on the basis of NS-1 antigen test, which has no approval of the World Health Organisation (WHO) or the guidelines issued by the Union health department. We have papers to show that a particular hospital has corrected its own report on dengue after a second blood test done on the patient under the elisa method,\" Atin Ghosh, the member mayor-in-council, told the reporters on Friday after a meeting with the state and Union health department officials at the civic headquarters.Since an NS-1 antigen test may or may not prove presence of dengue germs, the KMC health officials are preferring elisa test over the conventional one. \"It is more accurate and conclusive. Since elisa test is expensive, we have opened five laboratories, which have this modern facility to detect dengue germs,\" said T K Mukherjee, the officer-on-special duty of the KMC health department.However, experts who took part in Friday's meeting, apart from its own reports, the civic body should also take into account figures from the private hospitals, nursing homes and laboratories. The experts who participated in the meeting included, Krishnangshu Chakraborty, the director of the School of Tropical Medicine, Puspita Banerjee, regional director, Union health department, Sekhar Chakraborty, director NICED, Ashok Biswas technical adviser of the state health department and others. \"We will abide by the guideline given to us by the experts,\" said a KMC health department official.In Salt Lake, meanwhile, the Bidhannagar municipality held a meeting with the state health department officials for more than two hours on Friday to take stock of the situation. The civic authorities later said that there was nothing to panic or worry for.After the meeting, senior health department official Himadri Sekhar Sanyal said that the official figure of dengue affected persons in Salt Lake area is 11. Nine of them were admitted to Bidhannagar sub divisional hospital, one to Beliaghata ID hospital and another to School of Tropical Medicine. Officials said that there is a government guideline on identifying a case as dengue and some private hospitals are bypassing the rules. Having one parameter as indicative of dengue does not mean that the patient is a dengue positive patient, officials said.Bidhannagar municipality officials said that there was nothing to panic. \"We are taking all precautionary steps such as spreading bleaching powder and spraying mosquito killing oil. We are working to spread awareness among the residents. There are facilities of blood test at the Matri Sadan hospital for detect dengue cases,\" said the municipality chairperson Krishna Chakraborty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15441376", "title": "Delay in land acquisition hits underpass work in Pimpri", "text": "PUNE: Construction of the railway underpass near Dalco company in Pimpri has been delayed due to obstacles in land acquisition.The plan for the pass was proposed by the Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation two years ago and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar had laid the foundation stone for the pass early this year.The pass will link the Pune-Mumbai highway stretch to the Pimpri Camp area thus reducing vehicular traffic on the railway over bridge near Pimpri station. Only light vehicles and two-wheelers will be allowed on the pass.A civic official said the construction could not start as the corporation was yet to get land for the approach road. \"The nine-metre wide road will connect the highway to Arya Samaj chowk in Pimpri camp. The pass will be 40 metres long, 6.5 metres wide and 2.5 metres high,\" the civic official said.Civic officials said they are following up the issue of land acquisition for early completion of the road and the underpass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "15441168", "title": "Campaign to stop schoolkids from welcoming VIPs", "text": "DHANBAD: A non-political students' organization in the coal belt has strongly protested the exploitation of schoolchildren during visits of ministers at government programmes. Students are made to stand along roads for hours to welcome VIPs at the cost of their studies and health.The Chhatra-Yuva Jagran Manch, as the organization is called, on Friday launched a signature campaign and asked the Governor to direct the state government to stop the practice. They collected around 400 signatures on Friday.Anand Chaurasiya, the president of the Manch, said the campaign had become necessary since hundreds of schoolchildren were being forced to welcome VIPS in the scorching sun or pouring rain. Last week, said Chaurasiya, education minister Baidyanath Ram, had visited the town to inaugurate a programme. Middle and primary schoolchildren of a government school were asked by their teachers to stand outside Indian School of Mines for over four hours. They had waited from 8am till the minister arrived at 12.30pm. Neither drinking water nor refreshment was served to the students.Chaurasiya said it's only schoolchildren of government schools who have to go through this torture. The government cannot ask the management of private schools to make their students stand in the sun to welcome VIPs. Since teachers of government schools are at the mercy of the administration, middle and primary school students are the victims. Chaurasiya felt this practice needs to be checked as children could fall ill in the sun or rain.The Manch had fielded candidates in the union elections of different colleges in Dhanbad and Giridih last year and claimed it had no affiliation with any political party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15442875", "title": "Accountant general wants pupils to assess gurus", "text": "PATNA: If the office of the accountant general (AG), Bihar, has its way, students of different colleges in Bihar would have to peruse the biodata of their teachers and review the process of their appointment.In a recent circular sent to all the colleges, the AG has sought information from students regarding the merit, appointment and behaviour of their teachers. At least 200 students from each college are required to answer about a dozen questions in a given format and submit the same to the office of the AG. In an exercise which is supposed to be an academic auditing, students are required to answer questions like: Are your teachers appointed as per UGC criteria; have your teachers been invited for guest lecture elsewhere on the basis of their specialization; and do your teachers harass you?Obviously, students cannot answer these questions on their own unless they have their teachers' biodata. Besides, they will also have to verify from the files regarding the appointment of teachers, either from the university or from the state university service commission.This circular has generated much heat in the academic circles as the academics fail to comprehend the purpose behind such exercise. Surprisingly, even the officials of higher education department are ignorant of any such move of the AG.Taking strong exception to the AG move, former general secretary of Patna University Teachers' Association (PUTA), Randhir Kumar Singh, has expressed concern over the growing interference of the auditors in the academic and administrative affairs of the universities. Auditors are supposed to audit the university accounts only. They have nothing to do with the process of appointment and qualifications of teachers and non-teaching staff. Furthermore, students should not be dragged into such unwarranted exercise, he added.Patna Science College principal Arun Kumar Sinha was surprised by the AG circular. He, however, said the questionnaire sent by the AG would be circulated among the students of different classes. B N College principal and PUTA president, P K Poddar, said he also received the circular from the AG office and sent it to heads of different departments for circulation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15429974", "title": "Pinki gets back railway ticket inspector job", "text": "KOLKATA: Pinki Pramanik, the former Asian Games gold medallist who was accused of gender fraud and rape by her live-in partner, has got back her railway job and will be back at Sealdah station on Friday wearing her ticket inspector uniform.Eastern Railway officials said on Thursday Pinki's suspension had been revoked after she submitted a copy of the court's bail order. \"She has been directed to rejoin duties as a senior ticket checking inspector,\" an Eastern Railway official said.\"I am relieved the railways has reinstated me. Part of my honour has been restored. I owe this to the support I received from the people of Kolkata. I am grateful to the railways and will join duty from Friday after nearly 56 days,\" Pinki told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441869", "title": "No parking under city flyovers: CM", "text": "MUMBAI: No parking will be allowed underneath city flyovers, CM Prithviraj Chavan said on Friday. While interacting with the media at a function held to inaugurate a flyover in Kurla, Chavan said state agencies, with the help of sponsors, could beautify the spaces below flyovers.Chavan also said the state will explore the option of a sea link as well as coastal road while building a part of the ring road from Versova to Cuffe Parade.The 565m Kurla flyover, part of the Santa Cruz-Chembur Link road, was built between Kurla station and BKC over LBS road to reduce travel time.Chavan said he would hold a meeting with all the state agencies in the city to avoid overlap and ensure better coordination between them in implementing various civic and urban infrastructure projects. Mayor Sunil Prabhu had made a demand to this end, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15443471", "title": "Bhopal drenched in Krishna devotion", "text": "BHOPAL: The festival of Janmashtami was celebrated with much zeal and fervour in the city on Friday. Many temples celebrated the festival with gusto.The other temples, where the festival was celebrated included Krishna Mandir at Shivaji Nagar, Ram Mandir Gurubaksh ki Talaiya, Sarvadharm Mandir in Arera Colony, Dadaji Dham on Raisen Road and Pashupatinath Mandir in Govindpura among others. The temples illuminated and decorated on the occasion.At most places, celebrations in the various temples and homes began early morning while the 'maha-arti' in midnight marked the birth of Krishna. Some social organisations organised the 'matki phod' competitions at various places.Celebrations in jail: Celebrations of Janmashtami were held at Central Jail on Friday as well. The chief guest, Jagdish Dewra, minister for jail, inaugurated the tableau based on the life of Krishna. The tableau has been made by 50 inmates of the jail in 40 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "dombivli", "code": "15440933", "title": "BJP to introduce group insurance", "text": "DOMBIVLI: The BJP will provide life insurance to its party workers through group insurance. Fourteen companies have expressed interest, party leaders said.BJP MLA Ravindra Chavan has taken this initiative after 41-year-old MNS leader Sudhir Kadam died recently of dengue in Dombivli. Any worker who dies doing party work will be covered under the schemeChavan told reporters, \"Many a time we have found that our party workers work for the party day and night and sometimes when they die, their families have to suffer.\" He handed over Rs 1 lakh to the kin of Kadam. Ramnath Pujare, a BJP party worker, said, \"This is good for party workers who work for the growth of the party without expecting any returns.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15442631", "title": "No change in timeline for withdrawing troops from Afghanistan: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: There is no change in the the timeline for withdrawing US troops from Afghanistan, the White House said on Friday.\"The (US) President's focus is on bringing about the transition in Afghanistan to full Afghan lead that he outlined at Bagram when he visited,\" the White House press secretary, Jay Carney, said.\"He has kept his commitment from the campaign to end the war in Iraq, to focus our mission on achievable goals in Afghanistan, on al-Qaida, our principal enemy in the Af-Pak region, and he has in that effort overseen a policy that saw a surge in forces in Afghanistan, and is now seeing a gradual withdrawal of forces as we turn over responsibility to the Afghan government and Afghan forces,\" he said in response to a question.In the latest attack, he said, three US forces members died following an attack by an individual wearing an Afghan uniform in southwest Afghanistan.\"It is too early to say that this latest incident is part of a stepped-up effort on the insurgents' part. We know that they are trying to maximize media exposure of these events. But our military believes that the operational impact has been negligible. Nonetheless, these incidents do concern us,\" he said.\"While we are concerned about these incidents, it is important to remember the broader context and the fact that so many Afghans have been brought into Afghan forces, and that number is now up to 330,000, I believe,\" the White House official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441628", "title": "Sushilkumar Shinde's false start has Congress worried", "text": "NEW DELHI: Maharashtra leader Sushilkumar Shinde's first week as home minister has sharpened concern in Congress whether the UPA can maintain its recently-acquired credentials on national security.Shinde's debut in Parliament, marked with pedestrian replies on the Kokrajhar violence and a retraction and apology following his jibe against Samajwadi Party's Jaya Bachchan, earned him a poor score. While the affable Maharashtra leader was never known to be combative, his performance has disappointed even those who are not considered to be hostile to him and has sparked worry that the hot reception at the beginning of his innings may hobble him further.Congress leaders say the crucial aspect of internal security is about optics -- the imperative of the home minister appearing to be on top of the situation. Never a man for detail, Shinde has managed to get by with an inoffensive manner and a relatively low profile. The limited repertoire will be tested in his current portfolio.Shivraj Patil, who was sacked after 26/11, was seen as a no-nonsense leader but suffered as much for his inability to deal with the demands of the internal security challenge as for the impression of being way out of his depth. P Chidambaram, who replaced him, was seen to have retrieved the situation. Terror strikes did not stop but Chidambaram, with his familiarity with details, appeared to be a man in charge.It might be too early to pass judgment on Shinde but leaders said the Kokrajhar reply, with gaps in language and substance, did not help reassure Congress.Congress is wary of BJP lying in wait to make capital of poor articulation as evidence of inefficiency. Given the ubiquitous threat of terrorism, with Shinde's entry in North Block being greeted with blasts in his home state, BJP would be eager to rake up the weak-on-terror plank against Congress. The countdown to 2014 elections is seen to have begun early, adding to a sense of urgency.Under Chidambaram, the home ministry was seen to have been a workman-like place with an emphasis on systems, although he failed to take the states along on the National Counter Terrorism Centre, his key anti-terror initiative. With Shinde in charge, handling of ties with powerful chief ministers may improve, but the grip on policy could be a question mark.A leader said it was vital for the home minister to tackle the issue of perception that is crucial in moulding public opinion, especially with middle classes.Though his handling of the Kokrajhar violence did not help the cause of Shinde and Congress, the minister's jibe at Jaya Bachchan -- about an actor being unable to understand a tricky issue -- had an opposite effect. MPs said the jibe may not have mattered much in itself, but the lacklustre reply on the Assam violence magnified the lapse.Should Shinde end up sending out an impression that \"party loyalty\" had trumped competence in the choice for the crucial ministry, the Congress may find that the brownie points it is looking to earn with \"dalits\" through his appointment may not accrue.Given that the first week of the monsoon session has put Shinde under the scanner, the coming days are likely to keep Congress on its toes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15449786", "title": "Girish Jain and Aroop Pal in Life OK's Telefilm", "text": "Contiloe Telefilms' the makers of shows like Adaalat, Veer Shivaji and Fear Files are all set to bring in two telefilms on Life OK.These telefilms' will be aired on the occasion of Independence Day. After roping in Karishma Tanna, Amit Behl, Amita Nangia the production has now finalized Aroop Pal and Girish Jain to play important roles. Sources inform that one of the two telefilms is based on the Nirja Bhanot hijack case. Girish Jain who was last seen in 'Savdhaan India' and 'Gulaal' will play the role of a passenger who is flirtatious by nature and dies in the end. When contacted, Girish said, \"Yes, I a m doing the telefilm but I can't reveal anything at this point of time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15443295", "title": "Contractor occupied NMC land despite rejection of permission", "text": "NAGPUR: This is another scam in Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). One of the two contractors 'using' the stretch of London Street (now renamed Orange City) land has continued to occupy it despite having been denied permission to use the land. Shockingly, NMC officials are aware of the encroachments since a long time but have remained mum, thus causing NMC a huge revenue loss.Assistant commissioner of Laxmi Nagar Zone Subhashchandra Jaidev told TOI that contractor Dilip Rathi, owner of Central India Engineering, had submitted an application requesting permission for use of the stretch of London Street land a year ago. \"The application was sent to the estate department, to valuate the land and also fix charges for its use. However, nothing happened on the proposal,\" he said.Estate officer DD Jambhulkar said permission had not been given to the contractor. \"Standing committee had refused permission to the cement road contractor to use London Street land. Therefore, the proposal of Rathi was not even considered,\" he said.Rathi has been utilizing a long stretch of London Street land for the last four years. Rathi said that the permission had been given to him by the water works department.Jambhulkar said that there was no communication from the water works department about any such permission. Even, Jaidev and Laxmi Nagar zone's deputy engineer VV Kahalkar too confirmed that the department had not given any such permission.Asked about the exact process, Jambhulkar said the water works department should have informed Laxmi Nagar Zone or estate department about the need to use the land. \"Estate department would have given an estimation of charges to be paid by the contractor after taking consent of higher officials. But no such intimation was received,\" he said.This proves the encroachment by Rathi and loss of revenue for NMC.Confirming the encroachment by the other contractor RM Goplani, Kahalkar said notice will be issued to the contractor to vacate the land within eight days. \"Goplani's work order for the construction of compound wall on London Street land came to an end in November 2011. The contractor should have vacated the land immediately,\" he said.In the meanwhile, it has came to fore that Goplani has been using the stretch of London Street land for his other works.It has also been confirmed that the encroachment by these two heavyweight contractors was known to officials of Laxmi Nagar Zone, water works department and estate department. Besides, London Street was proposed in 2007-08, since then officials related to the project have visited the land many times. There is a question why no action was taken in these four years?The officials from estate department said that the zone office is given responsibility to check and remove encroachments. However, zone officials said the estate department was responsible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441698", "title": "War on graft: Ramdev vows to stay put till govt makes up mind", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a sudden and dramatic upping of the ante, Baba Ramdev on Friday said he would not leave Ramlila Maidan until the government decides on curbing black money and enacting a strong Lokpal Bill. He also gave an ultimatum to the Centre to respond by Saturday night.Annoyed with the government for interacting only via media, Ramdev said, \"We have received messages from the government (through media) that our agenda is not yet clear to them. We are willing to repeat our agenda again but now we also want the government to declare its agenda on black money, tackling corruption and system change, and we will not move from here until we get something concrete.\"His motive, Ramdev added, is not to tarnish, overthrow or insult the government. But if the government does not respond by Saturday evening, \"we will decide our way ahead\", said the yoga guru, who has been sitting on a three-day fast since Thursday.In the morning, he hinted at making a \"specific announcement\" on his next step in the evening. However, the 7.30 speech was nothing but a repetition of his agenda. His team is open to a dialogue with the government, he emphasized.Ramdev began the Day Two with an attack on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, questioning his \"political honesty and will\". \"Why is the Prime Minister not acting on the issue of black money? We need an honest Prime Minister. I want the current Prime Minister to demonstrate his political honesty and will on the issue of black money.\"If the Olympics gave a medal for corruption, India could have won gold, he said amid loud cheers and sloganeering from around 10,000 supporters.Ramdev said that after discussing the issue of black money with many experts, he had concluded that there was overlapping of names in the list of those having black money and those investing here through foreign direct investment (FDI). Going by him, retrieving the black money stashed abroad would solve India's every problem \u2014 health, education, terrorism and Maoist violence.A day after taking a jibe at Team Anna, Ramdev claimed on Friday that there was no difference between the two camps. \"Fights happen due to three things \u2014 wealth, woman and property. Both Anna and I have none of these,\" he said. Ramdev, however, reiterated that he had \"no political agenda. Team Anna, which has decided to enter politics, has ruined the political plans of others\".Friday being the day of the farmers, many farmer unions came onto the stage and voiced their grievances. The heads of several organizations like Bharat Kisan Union, Rashtriya Kisan Mazdoor Sangathan, Tamil Nadu Farmers Association, Kheti Virasat Mission and Shetkari Sangathana promised that they would come back with their members if required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15445274", "title": "Ranvir Shorey narrates Ek Tha Tiger's tale", "text": "Ever since the first promo of Ek Tha Tiger hit the small screen, people have been wondering about the voice that intro duces Tiger. TOI found out that it is not Salman or even director Kabir Khan but Ranvir Shorey, who has done the voiceover.Interestingly, it was the director, who did the voiceover initially. \"I had voiced it. But then we wanted Ranvir to do it, since he plays an important role in the film,\" revealed Kabir.A source close to YRF told TOI, \"A lot of voices were being considered for narrating Tiger's tale in the promo. But finally, the maker's loved Ranvir's voice. So everything fell into place.\"However, for the time being, Ranvir's character is being kept under covers. \"Kabir doesn't want to reveal much about it right now,\" added the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15445405", "title": "Dulquer Salmaan's June shelved", "text": "After the success of Usthad Hotel, it was immediately announced that the actor will start next in debutant Kannan's flick June. However, the latest news we hear is that the flick has been shelved due to \"creative differences\" between the director and the rest of the team.Incidentally, VC Ismail, who was supposed to produce the musical love story with Dulquer playing a guitarist, have moved on to another project Theevram for which the star kid has allotted the dates.Theevram, directed by Roopesh Peethambaran, has begun shooting in Kochi and also stars Anu Mohan, Vishnu Raghav, Sreenivasan and Ria Saira.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441236", "title": "Man gets 10-year rigorous imprisonment for raping minor", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a man to 10 years' rigorous imprisonment for kidnapping a girl and raping her after giving her food laced with sedatives. \"I am of the considered opinion that the prosecution has categorically proved beyond shadows of all reasonable doubts that victim, a girl of about 14 years, was kidnapped by accused Surender after having been made to eat snacks containing some stupefying intoxicating substance....\" said additional sessions judge (ASJ) Mahesh Chander Gupta.The court also imposed a fine of Rs 25,000 on 23-year-old Surender, who had kidnapped the girl from Delhi in 2009 and took her to his village in UP, where he raped her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15443665", "title": "Roads to be free of tipsy drivers", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Ludhiana range police are planning to crack down on drunken drivers keeping in mind the rising number of accidents in their area, including Ludhiana rural, Khanna and Fatehgarh Sahib.Deputy inspector general (DIG), Ludhiana, M F Farooqui, on Friday, said they would collect blood samples of offenders and further action would be taken against them. He did not disclose the number of alcometers the department has, but said, they would catch the violators by smell, followed by collecting their blood sample, which will be sent to the hospital for confirmation.Farooqui said surprise check posts would be put up near marriage palaces to keep a strict check on drunken driving. The objective of the drive would be to cut down the number of accidents involving drivers driving under the influence of alcohol in their jurisdiction, added the DIG. Between January and July this year, 70 cases of road accidents were registered in Ludhiana rural, 104 cases in Khanna and 107 cases in Fatehgarh Sahib. As many as 55 persons lost their lives and 49 were injured in Ludhiana rural in road accidents, 85 died and 69 were injured in Khanna and 75 deaths and 105 injuries were reported from Fatehgarh Sahib. The DIG said they have also recovered a huge quantity of narcotic drug from his jurisdictional area. Between January and July this year, the police recovered 54.870kg opium, 195.56 quintal poppy husk, 7.4kg charas, 1.7kg smack, 102g heroin and 5.7kg ganja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15441608", "title": "Schoolboy\u2019s death brings back focus on lax bus safety norms", "text": "The death of a Navi Mumbai schoolboy under the wheels of his school bus, the third such incident in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region this year, has turned the spotlight on the common practice of employing private buses that belong to neither the school nor any of the big contractors.Experts say it is tough to regulate such buses and warn of more accidents if the government does not immediately pay attention to the problem. As for big bus contractors, they are blaming the accident on the lax attitude of the transport department in implementing the school bus safety policy.\"The first thing the government needs to do is stop all private cars and other private vehicles from ferrying school children, since they do not follow safety rules,\" said a bus contractor. Another contractor said that the school bus involved in Thursday's accident was running without a proper contract with the school.But a police officer said that the school bus contractor and the school do have a contract, \"but the nuances are not known since the school is shut and the contractor is not in town\".Meanwhile, a magistrate's court on Friday remanded in 14-day judicial custody the driver and cleaner of the school bus that ran over seven-year-old Dhruvin Dhaggal. The Kharghar police have called the owner of the bus service for an inquiry; the man resides in Kolkatta.\"More than the driver, it is the cleaner who is responsible for the accident, since it was he who signalled the driver to start the bus, before checking if the children who got off the bus had safely reached the other side of the road,\" said senior police inspector Kiran Patil of the Kharghar police station. \"The cleaner was also at fault because he did not help the children cross the road. Had he signalled the driver to start the bus 10 seconds later, this tragedy could have been averted.\"A police officer said the bus looked in good shape and will be reviewed by RTO officials.To compound the tragedy of the Dhaggals\u2014residents of Arihant Krupa Society, Sector 27, Kharghar\u2014who are ardent devotees of Lord Krishna, the family lost their only son on Janmashtami and had to perform his last rites on Gokulashtami.On the day of the accident, Dhruvin's mother, Kinjal, like every day was looking at him from their ninth floor apartment and saw him come under the wheels of the bus, a police officer said. \"As per the school bus safety policy, an attendant or the cleaner of the bus is supposed to hand over children to their parents or guardians at the bus stop. But in this case, the cleaner did not bother to help the children cross the road,\" the officer said.The principal of Dhruvin's school, Alice Vaz, was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15442654", "title": "Is old Hyderabad ready for COP 11 biodiversity summit?", "text": "HYDERABAD: The mega COP 11 biodiversity summit may be fast approaching but the city's pride, Charminar, and its surroundings are far from being presentable. The month of Ramzan has only worsened an already strained traffic management system and a non-existent hawker policy in the South Zone which could translate into a poor show when delegates from 191 countries visit the city for the 19-day conference to be held in October. While officials of GHMC and traffic police point out that Charminar Pedestrianization Project (CPP) is the only solution to the Old City's problems, the project remains far from being implemented in its entirety.The ever increasing number of vehicles from Madina through Pathergatti towards Gulzar Houz, Charminar and beyond and the exponential increase in the number of hawkers have made traffic logjams a norm not just in this area but in the entire Old City. The much talked about CPP which envisages simultaneous traffic restrictions and hawker management, is yet to be implemented. Although the GHMC has widened the Outer Ring Road measuring 5.4 km to facilitate traffic flow, inefficient traffic management on the Pathergatti stretch has rendered it useless.A senior GHMC official told TOI that CPP is the answer to the Old City's problems but was unable to provide a time frame for its implementation. \"The CPP will ensure management of street vendors and free the pedestrian zones. Traffic diversions, when implemented, will decongest the Pathergatti-Charminar road. There are also a few bottlenecks on the Inner Ring Road. But all the remaining work can be taken up only after Ramzan,\" said the planning department official.Air pollution data from the AP Pollution Control Board (PCB) also points to an alarming increase in the figures. Total suspended particle matter (TSPM) has seen a 15% increase over the first 20 days of July i.e. before the start of Ramzan indicating a rise in vehicular traffic. Also worrying is the fact that in recent years pollution levels at Charminar have been the highest in the city.With officials from the Icomos advisory committee expecting to inspect the heritage monument in September, the pollution levels are also a concern for officials of ASI department. \"The increasing levels of pollution have visibly affected the Charminar over the years. Before any major inspection a chemical wash is mandatory. The process will be carried out in the coming days,\" said an ASI official.For the traffic officials, Ramzan and the following Ganesh Chaturthi festival are immediate challenges. While officials say roads for diversion during the conference have already been earmarked, they hint that the implementation of CPP can produce a marked change over the optimization of existing management plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441823", "title": "BEML payments to UK Tatra Sipox for deal routed to Rishi's Hong Kong firm", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigators are bewildered by the strange financial relations between Tatra Sipox UK, the British company that had been supplying Tatra trucks to BEML, and another company in Hong Kong controlled by the controversial NRI businessman Ravi Rishi.The CBI is investigating irregularities in the purchase of all-terrain Tatra trucks by defence public sector unit BEML for the Indian military. Allegations of irregularities in the deal were sent to CBI for investigation by defence minister A K Antony earlier this year, but it hit headlines after former Army chief General V K Singh claimed that he was offered a bribe of Rs 14 crore to approve purchase of a new batch of Tatra trucks.Rishi, who controls Tatra Sipox UK and is the prime accused in the CBI FIR into the Tatra scandal, recently moved the Supreme Court seeking permission to travel abroad. CBI has opposed the demand.What brings a mysterious twist to the Tatra scandal is the relation between Tatra Sipox UK and Venus Projects Ltd of Hong Kong. Venus is controlled from the secretive tax haven of Liechtenstein .Investigators have been given details by banks and others concerned to establish that every time Tatra Sipox received a payment from BEML, the entire amount was immediately transferred to the account of Venus. In return, Venus gave Tatra Sipox just a 1% commission. \"Tatra Sipox was just a transaction handling agency with no powers at all,\" a source said.To make the entire transaction easy, both Tatra Sipox and Venus had their bank accounts with Canara Bank in London , and operated them in euro currency. In fact, on February 6, 2007, BEML agreed, for strange reasons, to change the procurement currency from dollar to euro, which led to significant loses to BEML over the next few years. Once BEML issued payments in euro, there was no currency conversion costs on either Tatra Sipox UK or Venus Projects.With the fresh revelations that Tatra Sipox did not even have the right to decide on the payments received from BEML, the attention should shift to Hong Kong-based Venus Projects. According to documents of Venus Projects wuntil 2011, all the shares of the company were held by Deswa Holding Establishment based in Liechtenstein.By January 2012, Tatra Sipox was fully owned by Vectra Ltd, which in turn was also run by a trust in Liechtenstein.BEML had signed a contract with Tatra Sipox in 1997 for a 10-year period for the supply of the all-terrain trucks and its parts. In 2003, four years before the contract expired, the PSU renewed its contract with Tatra Sipox to extend the \"scope of working relationship\", according to the CBI FIR into the case.BEML is believed to have told the defence ministry that it was entering into a contract with a fully-owned subsidiary of Tatra AS, the Czech manufacturer of the all-terrain trucks. However, CBI is now convinced that Tatra Sipox UK had nothing to do with the original equipment manufacturers.And with the latest revelations of Venus Projects being the real 'controlling authority', the Tatra contract has assumed more complex hues. Tatra Sipox emerged on the scene after the collapse of Czechoslovakia into Czech Republic and Slovakia. The company was incorporated in UK in 1994.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15443580", "title": "HC loans a lifeline to defaulters", "text": "KOCHI: In a major ruling that could prove to be radically beneficial to ordinary citizens and break the bad debt-land mafia nexus, the Kerala high court has ordered that loan defaulters should be given freedom to sell mortgaged land themselves at market prices and settle liabilities.A division bench of justices C N Ramachandran Nair and C K Abdul Rehim observed that such a facility would prevent the 'land mafia' from buying mortgaged land at below-market prices through collective lower bidding. It would also ensure that debtors are not completely deprived of their land and homesteads and, more often than not, driven to the streets.The court's order was in response to an appeal filed by K C Thampi of Thiruvaniyoor in Ernakulam seeking an order allowing him to settle the liability of around Rs 9 lakh to a primary cooperative bank by selling a part of his mortgaged properties consisting of over two acres of land and his house.The HC said the power of banks to sell mortgaged land should be used in a discreet, as opposed to destructive, manner. Responding to the argument of the counsel of Cooperative Agricultural Development Bank, the bench said that the bank should try to sell the minimum extent of land of the defaulter, the sale price of which will be sufficient to discharge the debt and allow the defaulter to retain his remaining property. The court cited examples from the past. Whenever the Kerala high court had allowed debtors to sell mortgaged property on condition of settlement of liability, they were able to sell the property at market price, settle the arrears and retain the rest of their property.Apart from allowing the petitioner to sell mortgaged property in part or full and settle the liability, the court significantly, made it clear that its order would have the effect of a general direction. It would be applicable to all recovery proceedings initiated by cooperative societies and government institutions falling under Kerala Revenue Recovery Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441126", "title": "RTR service lane encroached upon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after a group of residents on Palam Marg wrote to the lieutenant governor to block a plan to build a parallel RTR flyover, PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan has blamed them for encroaching upon the same service lane which they claim to be protecting.Alleging that these residents have already reduced the lane width by building illegal structures like guard houses and planting trees, Chauhan emphasized that if required, the lane would be acquired to decongest Rao Tula Ram Marg.\"The interest of eight houses cannot override the daily hassles to lakhs of commuters. These residents have already built many illegal structures outside their boundary wall, taking away the width of the existing service road. They should understand the need for solutions for public good,\" Chauhan told TOI. \"We'll try and keep as much of the service lane as possible through the design of the flyover, where traffic can pass underneath portals.\"A TOI team also found concrete structures with trees planted inside them, guard houses and sloped entrances to these houses on Palam Marg. \"No resident can build anything or plant trees outside his boundary wall. The service lane is public land. But one metre \u2014 about 3.3 feet \u2014 has already been encroached upon,\" said a senior PWD official.The consultant, RITES, has suggested building an additional three-lane flyover along the existing RTR flyover as a possible traffic solution in its interim report. This will remodel the 4-7.5 metre-wide service lane into a uniform 4.5m one, the report states. Some residents of Palam Marg subsequently wrote to LG Tejendra Khanna, requesting him to intervene and ensure that the service lane is left untouched.\"The first mistake was building a single-carriageway flyover but that needs to be rectified. The study report has shown that an additional flyover is required and we are awaiting the final report. The footpath along the stretch is also too high and the height will be reduced. The residents may delay the work but cannot stop it as it is government land,\" said a government official. \"In Patel Nagar, a theatre was broken down and DMRC built a parking. The government can intervene where there is emergency requirement and acquire even private land,\" he added.The Vasant Vihar RWA has urged its members to write jointly to Khanna and chief minister Sheila Dikshit. In an email to all the residents, the executive committee has said, \"The Times of India report on August 5 reflects the sentiments of the Vasant Vihar residents.... If we want the flyover to be extended and secure entry and exit from Poorvi Marg and Vasant Marg, we need to continue our fight. As a start, we should not only write our views to the Times of India editor but also send a copy of that letter to chief minister Sheila Dikshit and Lt Governor Tejendra Khanna.\"The RWA is not ready to let it go. \"We have to transform it into a campaign and highlight the issue in other fora, including the community paper Samvada.\" Another community paper, Action Today, in its latest issue, \"carries articles on the flyover that welcomes the initiative taken by UTTIPEC\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "ranchi/jamshedpur", "code": "15441019", "title": "Youths protesting against alleged genocide in Myannar ransack shops in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI/JAMSHEDPUR: Unruly youths from a minority community went berserk at different places of the state on Friday, attacking government office in Jamshedpur and ransacking shops in Ranchi to protest against the alleged genocide of Muslims in Myanmar.A group of minority people was to take out a rally and submit a memorandum to governor Syed Ahmed against attack on Muslims in Myanmar but the rally was called off at the last moment. However, officials of the Raj Bhavan and subdivisional officer of Ranchi Shekhar Jamuar said no minority organization had taken permission to meet the governor or take out a rally in Ranchi on Friday afternoon.Police sources said instead of the rally a mob of around 40-50 youths came out on the streets and ransacked shops near Albert Ekka Chowk in the state capital. \"A number of shops including Firayalal were damaged in the violence. It led to the closure of all shops at the spot,\" said a police officer.The situation was brought under control by police who prevented a group of youths from taking retaliatory action. \"A prompt response by city police averted a clash,\" said Kotwali DSP Surendra Singh Pal adding adequate force had been deployed and none would be allowed to create law and order problem. None has been arrested or detained so far.Assembly speaker C P Singh visited the vandalized shops and assured help to the victims. \"We will take up the mater with the government and ensure adequate compensation to the victims,\" said Singh.In Jamshedpur, a group gathered at the deputy commissioner's office to submit a memorandum. When they found that none was present, they tried to break open the main gate but were prevented by security men.Police said none was present because it was a holiday on account of Krishna Janmashtami.In the attempt to break open the gate, the mob attacked three policemen. Assistant sub-inspector Mohd Sakir suffered injuries and were admitted to the MGM College and Hospital.\"We urge the Prime Minister through memorandum that couldn't be submitted to approach the United Nations to prevent genocide in Myanmar,\" said a member of Ittehad-ul-Muslim, the outfit that led the delegation to the DC office. The mob also blocked the busy court road for about an hour.\"Police will take action against the unruly crowd,\" said senior police superintendent Akhilesh Kumar Jha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15442883", "title": "Gorakhari mukhiya \u2018killers\u2019 nabbed", "text": "PATNA: Acting on a tip-off, a team led by City SP (Patna), Jayant Kant, on Friday arrested three criminals from the Mithapur bus stand.Pinku Singh alias Munna alias Sunil, Janmajay Kumar alias Chintu and Sarwan Ray were arrested with a semi-automatic revolver, one country-made revolver, eight live cartridges, five mobile phones and two motorcycles.Patna SSP Amrit Raj said, \"We received information about the three trying to commit crime in the city. During interrogation, they admitted their involvement in the murder of Baby Devi, the mukhiya of Gorakhari panchayat.\"Gang-rape case: A court on Thursday allowed the Patna police to take Ranvijay Kumar alias Rahul on remand for 24 hours for interrogation in the Ria (name changed) gang-rape case. He was later interrogated by police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15449073", "title": "Emailing gaffes can ruin image in office", "text": "Spelling or grammatical errors in official emails can leave a lasting negative impression, a new study has revealed.Two-thirds of the people surveyed, said that they regard simple mistakes as 'shoddy' and would 'have no faith' in the sender.The report, by Staples UK, found that taking time over an 'Out of Office' email over the summer holidays and Olympic period can actually have a positive effect on relationships with colleagues, clients and suppliers.58 per cent of office workers said that they felt irritated and wouldn't do business with people who took their annual leaves and failed to leave any 'Out of Office' message at all as it showed a lack of professionalism and care.But the research revealed that there is a way that absence can help a business when it comes to emails.\"People read out of office more often than you think. Beyond the basics, why not take the opportunity to communicate your own personality or that of your company by being creative, humorous and thoughtful,\" the Daily Mail quoted Amee Chande, managing director of Staples UK, as saying.\"Tell them, for example, if you're taking a well-earned day off to go and see the Olympics, that you'll get back to them faster than Usain Bolt on your return.\"Or if you're on paternity leave, perhaps make note that you've been left holding the baby. As long as you remember to include an alternative contact and the date you'll be back in the office , your clients and colleagues will appreciate that everyone is entitled to time off,\" Chandee said.For the 46 per cent businessmen and women of UK the biggest workplace irritations turned out to be rude or abrupt Out of Office message.Despite the obvious need to keep clients and co-workers informed and happy, a majority of companies don't have any policy on Out of Office emails, with 52 per cent of business workers left to their own devices and 18 per cent never bothering to use the option at all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15442488", "title": "Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation blinks after drivers\u2019 union talks tough", "text": "NASHIK: Just a day after Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) officials acted against errant drivers of the city bus staff, the employees' union forced the management to stop action against errant drivers.\"After officials from the traffic department of the city police took MSRTC officials around the city to show how drivers are causing problems to passengers - more specifically students when the schools close for the day- the MSRTC promptly penalized three drivers and transferred two. The action, however, has been discontinued,\" a senior official from the corporation said on condition of anonymity.On Thursday, the traffic department asked the divisional controller to come to Ravivar Karanja and see the plight of the students waiting for buses himself. The team then went to the several chronic spots in the city around the MG Road, the collectorate, Ravivar Karanja. The controller was convinced to take action against MSRTC drivers.Action against them was taken to ensure that the MSRTC drivers mend their ways first instead of blaming other road users. The union, however, jumped into the fray seeking remedial measures and forced the corporation to discontinue the practice.\"The union leaders strongly objected to the action. Even we are not aware why the management has decided against taking corrective measures when the bus drivers are at fault and in the absence of any other cause,\" the official added.One of the union leaders also said that the union stood by the drivers and that it would always support its members. \"Out of nearly 55 buses passing through the area during the period, the officials only found five drivers in the dock. What about the numerous autorickshaws or other road users blocking the bus stops? Even the police did not act against them at that time. Why should our men suffer, when there is no action by the law enforcing agencies against the other defaulters?\" the leader said.\"We have warned the officials against any such action and at the same time asked our members to stick to the rules. It was sort of warning to them,\" the members said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441587", "title": "Cakes &amp; hymns on Krishna\u2019s birthday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Temples dedicated to Lord Krishna had a busy day on Friday as devotees turned up in large numbers on the occasion of Janmashtami. Those who couldn't make it to the Lord's house fasted during the day and celebrated at home.The prominent temples in the city\u2014Birla Mandir, ISKCON Temple and Akshardham Temple\u2014were all decked up. \"More than four lakh devotees have already visited the temple and by midnight the figures are set to cross 10 lakh. Last year, about eight lakh people visited our temple on Janmashtami,\" said an organizer at ISKCON Temple in East of Kailash.He said this year, for the first time, they have got a designer dress for Lord Krishna embedded with Swiss crystals. He added that more than 100 varieties of flowers, some of them exotic ones imported from European countries, have been used to deck-up the temple. A 51-kg cake prepared by the devotees was also an attraction there, said a priest at the temple.At the Birla temple, a tableau was prepared at the Geeta Bhavan where Lord Krishna's rasleela was enacted. Ravindra Nagar, head priest at Birla Mandir, said the tableau depicted the birth of Lord Krishna, his childhood pranks as 'makkhan chor', his frolics with Radha and the gopis, and his expounding the sacred messages of the Gita to Arjun on the battlefield.\"We refer to the day as the rise of Lord Krishna, not birth,\" Nagar said.The participation of youngsters in the celebrations was noticeable. A number of them could be seen chanting 'hare Rama, hare Krishna' at temples. A 'Govinda Ala Re Matki Phod Programme' was organized at Utsav Ground, IP Extension in Patparganj where a group of 40 girls managed to crack a dahi-handi that hung at a height of 31 feet. \"The team from Bhagat Vihar and Karawal Nagar managed to crack it,\" said an organizer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15443260", "title": "'Anna should not join poll politics'", "text": "DHARWAD: Veteran freedom fighter H S Doreswamy has said that social activist Anna Hazare should desist from entering electoral politics and remain a crusader against corruption.Speaking to reporters here on Thursday, Doreswamy said: \"Under the existing circumstances, Hazare too may have to compromise on several issues to win elections. If that happens, there would be no difference between other politicians and Hazare.He has the strength to mobilize people and it would be better if he utilizes this strength to create awareness among the people at the grassroot level against corruption in all fields, including elections.\"Replying to a question, Doreswamy said the time is ripe to think about the partyless democracy, which could be the better alternative to the existing system where political parties decide the fate of people. \"Here, the elected representatives would finally emerge as the representatives of their respective parties and not as people's representatives,\" he felt.\"Voters' associations should be formed at all levels so they can finalize deserving candidates. A comprehensive study should be carried out to look into the pros and cons of this idea and suggest corrective measures,\" he said.Expressing displeasure over certain steps taken by Hazare, the freedom fighter said he should ensure that his moves do not create confusion among the people.\"Hazare should have toured the country and sensitized them. But he did not do that and lost an opportunity. Also, there was no need for him to launch a joint struggle with Baba Ramdev,\" he added.Swamy said anti-corruption activists in the state would tour different districts to sensitize the people regarding the need for exercising their franchise cautiously without succumbing to inducements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15442037", "title": "Rajasthan goverhment bans mediapersons in Sawai Man Singh hospital wards", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government on Friday issued an order banning mediapersons entering operation theatre, emergency ward, ICUs, poly trauma wards and burn wards.The diktat of the government would prevent mediapersons from uncovering irregularities in emergency ward and other sections of the hospital, said sources.On the other hand, the risk of infection in Sawai Man Singh hospital has increased considerably with the hospital becoming more crowded after the launch of chief minister's free medicine scheme. The hospital registers around 6,000 patients daily at the outdoor patient department ( OPD) now. Earlier, it was around 2,500 to 3,000 per day. With each patient, 3-4 attendants come to the hospital, which makes it a crowded place.Moreover, nearly 500 patients are rushed to emergency unit every day.Now, acknowledging the problem, the hospital administration has issued guidelines for patients and attendants to prevent spread of infection. As per the directive, not more than two attendants would be allowed on the hospital premises with a patient at a time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15445353", "title": "Vidaya Balan is back in Chembur", "text": "Earlier this week, TOI met up with Vidya Balan on the sets of her next film, Studio Disney UTV's Ghanchakkar, at Trombay. Sometime during the shoot, we overheard the actress telling director Raj Kumar Gupta she was very happy being in the area, especially since it is closer to Chembur, where she stayed before shifting residence to Khar two years ago.At the time, we never imagined Vidya was planning to once again move bag and baggage to her old bungalow in Chembur that is near the Ambedkar Garden area. And that's exactly what she did, yesterday afternoon, as we can now tell you.Explaining why Vidya moved back to her old house, a friend of the actress told TOI, \"Vids (as she is fondly called) was finding it extremely difficult to commute from Khar to Trombay. On most days of her shoot till now, she got stuck in big traffic jams in Sion and Dharavi. One day, it struck her, 'Why not shift for a month or so to Chembur till the end of the film's ongoing schedule?' She had a word with her parents and they were game for it.\"While Vidya remained unavailable for comment, Manish Hariprasad, Creative Director, Studios Disney UTV, said, \"Vidya has temporarily shifted to Chembur. We are shooting for a month at Essel Studio, which is around three-and-a-half kilometre from Trombay. Being in Chembur substantially cuts down on her travel time. So, while the rest of the unit cribs about the studio being so far, she is actually happy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15449467", "title": "Haryana to spend Rs 800 crore for Delhi-Bahadurgarh metro project", "text": "ROHTAK: Rohtak MP Deepender Singh Hooda said that the state government has made concerted efforts to get the project of extension of metro rail to Bahadurgarh.Speaking at a function in Rohtak on Saturday, Hooda said that Haryana's Bahadurgarh town would get connected to Delhi with metro rail near Mundka with the completion of seven kms rail line. \"Haryana Government is likely to spend Rs 800 crore out of total of Rs 2000 crore to be spent on this project\", he said adding that the pace of developmental works had been accelerated in the state and many major projects were under progress.Earlier, giving away prizes to the winners of a half marathon organised on the theme \"Save the girl child\", the young MP urged the people to join hands to check the menace of female foeticide. Over 700 participants took part in the half marathon which was organised Haryana Youth Foundation in Rohtak.The MP described the daughters as our future and urged the people to eradicate the evil of female foeticide from the society. He also urged the people to take keen interest in games said that games play a significant role in our life and competitions like half marathon infuse amongst ourselves team spirit and discipline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15448566", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav government may withdraw cases lodged against Sanjay Dutt for pappi-jhappi remark on Mayawati", "text": "Lucknow: Uttar Pradesh (UP) government may withdraw the case against bollywood star Sanjay Dutt , registered on charges of making alleged indecent \"pappi-jhappi\" remark on Mayawati at a public meeting held in Tikaitnagar area of Barabanki district during campaign for the 2009 Lok Sabha elections.Dutt was then campaigning for the Samajwadi Party (SP). In his two election public meetings during the campaign in April 2009, he used the famous punch line \"jadu ki Jhappi and pappi\" from his blockbuster flick Munnabhai MBBS. Dutt said that he believes in Gandhigiri and was ready to give pappi and jhappi, if required, to the chief minister Mayawati to change her attitude towards rivals. He first made the remark in his speech on April 16, 2009 in Pratapgarh and again on April 19 in Barabanki. However, the remark landed him trouble as the then ruling Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) described it indecent.Though Dutt later apologised for his remark and clarified that the jhappi (magical hug) was for Mayawati whom he consider as her sister and pappi (kiss) was for the people. However, despite that district administrations of Pratapgarh and Barabanki lodged an FIR against Dutt for using \"objectionable words\". The FIRs were lodged under Section 294 (obscene act and songs) and Section 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of woman) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). Later, police filed a charge-sheet in the local courts of Pratapgarh and Barabanki. Both the trials are still underway.Now, sources said, the SP government has sought a detailed report of Dutt's case from the Barabanki district administration. While senior officials of the district remained tight lipped, sources said that government would study the case and seek a legal opinion on how the case can be withdrawn. Sources also said that the case lodged in Pratapgarh may also be withdrawn. Not only Dutt, The SP government is also withdrawing cases lodged against party workers and leaders, including mafia-turned-politicians like Abhay Singh, during the BSP rule claiming that all the cases were false and were meant for harassment.Significantly, in 2009, Dutt was then also general secretary of the SP. He was roped in by the then senior leader Amar Singh. The SP had initially decided to field Dutt from Lucknow for Lok Sabha elections. However, the Supreme Court did not gave permission to Dutt for contesting election because he was convicted the Mumbai blast case. Then he decided to campaign for the party. However, in 2010 after Amar Singh was expelled from the SP, Dutt also quit the party and withdrew himself from the active politics. Later, he also parted ways with Amar Singh as well. Earlier this year, Dutt joined the Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15448502", "title": "Srman Jain to enter Golmaal Hai Bhai Sab Golmaal Hai", "text": "Srman Jain marks his comeback on SAB TV with the show 'Golmaal Hai Bhai Sab Golmaal Hai'.He was last seen in SAB TV's 'Sajan Re Jhoot Mat Bolo' doing a special appearance. Srman Joshi will be seen essaying the character of Babul - an NRI from London who lands in Mumbai for a Manager's job at 3D's house.As soon as Raju comes to know about this, he thinks of doing a Golmaal for Sachin to get the job and impress 3D so that he can get married to 3D's niece Dhwani. Says Srman Jain who played the role of Babul, \"I am happy to be a part of the 'Golmaal Hai Bhai Sab Golmaal Hai' team and I am truly enthusiastic about my debut in comedy. I am excited to work with such talented artists of the Golmaal team and I hope I live up to their expectations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15443520", "title": "Abhinav Mukund flops, yet is made India 'A' captain", "text": "MUMBAI: What do you do with a batsman who scores 46 runs in three games at an average of 7.66? You drop him, or put him on alert. Curiously, southpaw Tamil Nadu opener Abhinav Mukund , after notching up scores of 0, 0, 8, 8, 10 &amp; 20 for India 'A' in three unofficial Tests on the Windies tour, and not even featuring in the one-dayers and T20 clashes that followed, has been made captain.Mukund, on Friday, was appointed skipper of the India 'A' team that tours New Zealand in September-October to play three limited-overs matches, a lone T20 and two four-day first-class games against the New Zealand 'A' side.While the likes of Cheteshwar Pujara , Rohit Sharma and Ajinkya Rahane missing out on this tour may have pushed Mukund's case, considering that he is now the only batsman with international experience left in the side, his horrible form is certainly a factor the selectors should have kept in mind before giving him additional responsibility that may further burden the youngster.Mukund, who enjoys a first class average of 54.05, has played five Tests and it seems the selectors are keen that the 22-year-old recovers form and stakes claim for a recall.Surprisingly, wicketkeeper Wriddhiman Saha (Bengal), seamer Parvinder Awana (Delhi), and last season's leading run-getter in Ranji Trophy, Robin Bist (Rajasthan) have been excluded from the squad, after playing in the West Indies.India's under-19 skipper Unmukt Chand , who is currently leading the colts in the World Cup in Australia, gets his maiden India 'A' call-up.Squad:Abhinav Mukund, Ashok Menaria , Naman Ojha , Mandeep Singh , Anustup Majumdar, Ambati Rayudu , Bhuvneshwar Kumar , Akshay Darekar, Vinay Kumar , Mohammed Shami Surya Kumar Yadav, Jalaj Saxena, Rahul Sharma , Rituraj Singh Jaydev Unadkat, Unmukt Chand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15443479", "title": "Power generation from Maheshwar project gets nod", "text": "BHOPAL: The National Green Tribunal has allowed Shree Maheshwar Hydel Power Corporation Ltd (SMHPCL) to increase the water level at the Maheshwar dam upto 154 meters from the existing 145.76 meters and also gave permission to commence generation of 40 megawatt of electricity.Tribunal's principal bench, headedby Justice A S Naidu and Dr G K Pandey, on Thursday set aside a petition seeking to stop SMHPCL to increase the water level in the dam. Narmada Bachao Andolan (NBA) has been campaigning against increase in water level in the Maheshwar dam.In its order the bench observed that it was satisfied that adequate measures have been taken by the ministry of environment and forest for protection of the villagers. The order also allowed SMHPCL to generate 40 MW of electricity by increasing the water level upto 154 meters for a period of three months.The National Green Tribunal Act 2010 was set up for effective and expeditious disposal of cases relating to environmental protection and conservation of forests and other natural resources. It is a specialized body equipped with the necessary expertise to handle environmental disputes involving multi-disciplinary issues.Meanwhile, in an e-mailed statement, SMHPCL director Alok Sinha hailed the NGT decision to grant permission to fill water level in dam reservoir to 154 metres, maintaining that the decision has exposed narmada bachao Andolan's false claims on submergence of villages.\"Now when the tribunal has given its judgment in favour of the project, the NBA's opposition only shows that the NBA and its leaders have no respect for such apex bodies like the National Green Tribunal, which in fact had been constituted at the insistence of the Narmada Bachao Andolan\", the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15446163", "title": "Hamid Ansari sworn in as 14th VP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hamid Ansari was sworn in as the vice-president of the country for the second consecutive term by President Pranab Mukherjee today.Ansari, 75, was administered the oath by the President at a grand ceremony at Rashtrapati Bhawan.He had defeated NDA candidate Jaswant Singh with a comfortable margin earlier this week for his re-election as vice-president.Ansari had polled 490 first preference votes out of 728 valid votes cast in the election held on August. Jaswant Singh polled 238 votes.Ansari got more votes than he had secured in the 2007 election. He had the backing of the Congress and its allies in the UPA, including the Nationalist Congress Party, DMK and the National Conference.After Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, Ansari is the only person to have been re-elected to the office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15447178", "title": "John Lennon's Surrey home up for grabs at 15m pounds", "text": "Beatles' fans could now own a slice of rock history by shelling out a cool 15 million pounds for John Lennon's former Surrey home.But happy couples beware, as every owner since the Imagine singer has said to have sold the luxurious mansion due to divorce.The composer lived at Kenwood in the wealthy St George's Hill area between 1964 and 1968.Lennon wrote most of Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band at the six-bedroom home, which featured in the 1988 documentary 'Imagine: John Lennon ,' the Mirror reported.His love affair with Yoko Ono began while he lived at the mock-Tudor mansion with then-wife Cynthia, leading to the couple's divorce in 1968.The 1920s house last sold for 5.8 million pounds in 2007.Lennon paid 20,000 pounds for the pad, whose neighbours include Dragon's Den star Theo Paphitis and Bollywood actress Shilpa Shetty .The Beatles star's long lost LSD stash was said to be uncovered by builders working on the 1.5 acre gardens two years ago.Lennon married Ono in 1969 and moved to New York two years later, where he was shot dead in 1980.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15442063", "title": "Government task force to crack down on unauthorized private institutes", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government is set to come down heavily on private higher education institutes flouting norms. For this, a task force will be constituted in every district to take action against such unauthorized institutes. Also, students will be able to register online complaints at the department of education's website.The chief secretary on Friday directed district collectors to supervise the work of the task force which, in turn, will examine documents of engineering, medical, ayurveda, animal husbandry and polytechnic institutes running in the state.\"The task force will verify the documents with bodies like -MCI, AICTE, UGC etc,\" said an official. It will also examine the facilities provided by these institutes against their claims. \"The team will inspect the faculty, labs, classrooms as per the rules and regulations,\" the official said.Chief secretary CK Mathew has sought a monthly report from the task force. \"This is serious matter and task force must ensure quick response on the complaints,\" added Mathew.Sources said the decision comes after various reports on educational institutes selling engineering and management degrees were highlighted by the media.TOI had exposed how various private universities established outside Rajasthan have set-up fake study centers at Lal Kothi in Jaipur and are enrolling students. Several institutes even offered full-time technical degree to students who didn't need to attend classes or just sit for a few sessions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15448915", "title": "Narain visits Kerala temple in traditional attire", "text": "One driver Narain Karthikeyan's visit to Kerala's capital city, Trivandrum, might have progressed at breakneck speed, but during those few whirlwind hours \"the fastest Indian in the world\" ensured he caught up with the best it had to offer.Narain, who reached the city late on Wednesday, had made visiting the Sree Padmanabhaswamy Temple the top priority early on Thursday with his wife Parvana. The racer had even brought a traditional mundu and shawl along with him from home as he was aware of the dress code for such a visit at a temple.Kochi Times caught up with the racer at 5 am, and found him looking dapper in his traditional attire. While he admits tying the mundu was bit of a struggle, he says, \"It's not my first time as I have visited temples in Kerala before. I've been to the Guruvayur Temple a couple of times and one has to stick to a similar dress code there as well.\"The racer's close aide Jose Pottamkulam informs us that Narain and his wife are an extremely pious couple, and visiting this Trivandrum temple has been on their list for quite some time. During his visit to the temple, Narain was quick to notice the similarities of art and architecture to the ones he has seen Tamil Nadu. \"Narain said he was truly overjoyed with the opportunity and that the puja was a majestic experience,\" says Jose.While the temple did have Narain excited, yet another treat turned out to be a visit to Uthradam Thirunal Marthanda Varma, the head of Travancore royalty, who also happens to be an auto-enthusiast.\"Narain was impressed by how friendly His Highness was, but what got them talking was, obviously, cars. Narain was left astounded at the Maharaja's knowledge of automobiles and had nothing but admiration once he came to know that he had covered 40 lakh kilometers on the road,\" informs Jose, who was present at the meeting.However, what truly amazed Narain was when the erstwhile King of Travancore showed his light blue 1955-model vintage luxury car. \"Narain was awestruck when the Maharaja told him that the car had ran 23 lakh kilometers without any defect to the engine,\" says Jose, adding that Narain was raving about vintage cars during his track inspection that followed.The racer will return to the city on the eve of Thiruvonam (August 28) for a 25-minute demo drive in his F1 test car on the Kowdiar-Palayam stretch. Narain will surely be looking to put on a mind-blowing performance in return to the delightful treat that the city has given him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15443188", "title": "Sleep on tummy for racy dreams", "text": "LONDON: People who sleep on their stomach are significantly more likely to have racy dreams compared to those dozing off in other positions, a new study has revealed. Participants reported feeling sensations related to 'sex' and 'persecution' more frequently than anyone else. Among the other racy motifs that dreamt up were 'being tied up', 'being locked up' and 'unable to move'.Lead author Calvin Kai-Ching Yu from Shue Yan University in Hong Kong said that the increase in sexual thoughts could be because people don't get as much air when they sleep on their stomach, so their mind was imagining being constricted when you sleep.For the study he spoke to 670 students, two-thirds of whom were female, and asked them to fill out surveys about their dreams. The details included how often they occurred, how intense they were and what were the themes that came up. He also asked them to write down their sleeping posture, how often they slept on their sides, face down or face up. Among the other ideas that came to people who slept on their front most frequently was 'erotomania', which is when a person believes they have a secret admirer, often a famous person.\"This study provides the evidence that dreams, and in particular dream content, can be influenced by body posture during sleep,\" the Daily Mail quoted Kai-Ching Yu as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15442835", "title": "Audit lens on V-Cs, travel under watch", "text": "KOLKATA: Vice-chancellors are no longer above questioning and their chairs henceforth will be under the scanner.After amending the University Act and making V-Cs accountable and impeachable, the West Bengal Higher Education Council now plans to start a performance audit of the V-Cs.\"During the Left Front regime, it was often alleged that vice-chancellors were appointed in terms of their proximity to the ruling party. Many decisions taken by the V-Cs and the policies implemented during their tenures are not above question. There is a need to keep tabs on the performance of V-Cs,\" said a senior higher education council official.\"Also, there was a common complaint against many of the earlier V-Cs that they were often out of office and not available for long periods. This led to several problems in the administration and seriously hampers decision making,\" the official added.Another official said that while the V-Cs dealt with internal administration and did their own office work, they are often difficult to access. Teachers, officials and even students find it hard to meet V-Cs and grievances pile up. \"There has to be some sort of a monitoring to know how the V-Cs are functioning and the frequency of their travel,\" he said.The performance audit will be based on feedback from visitors, students, teachers, staff and other administrative officials.\"A register may be kept outside the office so that those who meet him can note their remarks and evaluate the meeting,\" said an official.The feedback will be collated twice a year, and the performance audit report will be handed over to the higher education council and then to the government. \"The council may advise a V-C to make the necessary amends. The feedback will be shared with the V-Cs, who will be free to explain or argue their case. This will lead to transparency. People will benefit and work will get done faster,\" said the official.Every university will be free to choose its own mechanism. The council may give certain suggestions on the method to be followed on the layout of feedback forms. A draft copy will have to be submitted to the council, which will be discussed before being cleared for implementation.Jadavpur University is the only one so far to have accepted the proposal for the vice-chancellor's performance audit. \"It's a kind of evaluation. He does a job and he is also a service provider. How he provides service to his users has to be assessed. It is a quantitative assessment of the service he does to the society. The executive council has accepted the decision. A committee has been formed to draw the mechanism,\" said the university's EC member Partha Pratim Biswas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15443618", "title": "Row over eligibility for post of GMCH director-principal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When it comes to the literal meaning of deputation, doctors from the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) have been unable to decipher its meaning. Recently, Dr S K Singh, a faculty from the PGI, approached the CAT to challenge his exclusion from the UPSC list for the interview for the post of director-principal at GMCH on the grounds that he is from outside the institute and is suitable candidate for deputation. Though the court has not accepted his plea, another group of GMCH doctors will take legal recourse as they were not informed about the eligibility. \"Deputation implies short-term contract as mentioned in the applicant's form. There is nothing within or outside the institute. In case there were five doctors, who were aware of this definition and the others were not, this does not imply that the UPSC or the selection procedure is faulty,\" said R S Bains, advocate, who had countered the stand of the PGI doctor against the wrong interpretation of the word deputation.Fighting for the coveted post of the director-principal, there were seven faculty members. Two were from the PGI and the remaining five from GMCH. Both Dr S K Singh from urology department and Dr V K Grover from anaesthesia department had applied. However, none of them received call letter for the forthcoming interview on August 16 from the UPSC.Confusion prevails in the hospital over the eligibility even when the interview for the post of director-principal will be held soon.\"We were not intimated that doctors from within the institute are eligible. There was no notice about it. Those who have applied from within the institute had been doing so for the last so many years. We will challenge this in the court,\" said a senior faculty from GMCH.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441569", "title": "Speeding truck kills DJ", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 20-year-old man was killed after his bike was hit by a speeding truck on Nelson Mandela Marg in Vasant Vihar on Friday morning. The deceased has been identified as Mukesh Kumar who used to work as a disc jockey at a pub in south Delhi.The accident took place when Kumar was returning to his house in the Palam area after dropping a friend in Munirka. Police said the truck coming from the wrong side had a head-on collision with the biker.The victim, who was lying in a pool of blood, was spotted by a PCR van stationed nearby and taken to hospital where he was declared brought dead. Cops said Kumar had sustained severe head injuries and died of excessive bleeding.Cops have arrested the errant truck driver, identified as Shafiq Khan (30). A case of rash driving and causing death has been registered against him, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441746", "title": "MCD schools yet to get books", "text": "NEW DELHI: Students in MCD schools are yet to get all their books. When Firoz Ansari enquired at his son's corporation school at Pushp Vihar Sector I, he was told, \"Sarkari kaam hai, time to lagta hai (It's government work, it'll take time).\" His son, who is in Class IV, has received only two textbooks for Hindi and English.\"Books for every other subject, including maths, are yet to come,\" said Firoz, a tailor. \"Even notebooks are not here. Nobody has got them.\"Though schools opened on July 9, students are still going without the necessities. An exasperated Firoz wrote to the All India Parents' Association's president and advocate, Ashok Aggarwal, informing him of the situation.Satish Upadhyaya, chairman, education committee, South Delhi Municipal Corporation, does concede that there's been delay in delivery of textbooks but says that by the time the committee last met \u2014 about 15 days ago \u2014 80-85% of schools had already received textbooks. \"But it is possible that textbooks of a few subjects still haven't reached. And notebooks aren't there yet because the tender was delayed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15442162", "title": "'Date rape drug' ketamine worth Rs 10 crore seized, 2 held", "text": "JAIPUR: For the first time, large quantities of a 'date rape drug' have been seized in Jaipur with intelligence officials busting what may be a huge international drug export racket.The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI), Jaipur zone, seized 100kg of ketamine \u2014 also known as the \" date rape drug\" \u2014 worth Rs 10 crore from the possession of a Jaipur-based father-son duo.The agency has detained 50-year-old Rajasthan Tourism Development Corporation (RTDC) employee Mukesh Bhardwaj and his pharmacist son, Rahul Bhardwaj, who were involved in shipping the banned drug to several countries \u2014 mainly America and Europe. At least Rs 70 lakh in cash, and several properties disproportionate to their known sources of income have also been seized.Ketamine is among the three most common \"date rape drugs\". The other two are Rohypnol and GHB. These drugs also are known as \"club drugs\" as they tend to be used at dance clubs, concerts, and \"rave\" parties.The agency is now seeking help from several other investigating and police agencies to unearth the entire racket including the kingpin, which, they presume could be part of \"narco terrorism\".\"The duo was being quizzed and will be produced in the NDPS court in Jaipur on Saturday,\" said informed sources. The NDPS Act has provision of 10 years' jail for a person found guilty of possessing ketamine.Links to global racket under scannerInitial investigations by the DRI have revealed that Bhardwaj, an accountant with RTDC, along with his son was part of a drug-peddling syndicate operational in several countries. Jaipur may have been used as a \"virgin area\" after cities like Mumbai and Delhi came under the scanner due to huge seizures of ketamine recently.\"They (Bhardwaj and his son) have sent at least 100 couriers through two agencies - DTDC and Indian Postal Services - to various countries but mainly to America and Europe,\" said sources.It was learnt that the DRI officials have already contacted the office of the Chief Post Master General (CPMG), the Narcotics Control Board (NCB), Enforcement Directorate (ED) and the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB), Rajasthan. \"The DRI success has provided vital for several agencies to unearth a major drug peddling syndicate,\" said a source. The agency is now trying to reach out to the end-recipients of the consignments sent by Bhardwaj and his son. The agency has already seized their bank accounts, lockers and property papers to assess their wealth and also verify transactions that they have done in the recent past.Sources said that several other departments including courier companies were also under scanner as they failed to screen the substance in the consignments sent through them. \"They have sent 100 couriers to several countries. That smacks of something fishy on the part of the courier agencies too,\" said an official. It was learnt that the help of the CPMG was being taken to recall the list of recipients to whom Bhardwaj and his son sent couriers.This is first time that ketamine was seized in Jaipur. Recently, the Delhi zone of the DRI had busted an international cartel, nabbing two Delhi exporters and seized over 650 kg of ketamine. The duo was found to have exported large quantities of ketamine to 11 countries in the past few years and their illicit trade is suspected to be worth close to Rs 500 crore. Investigating agencies are in touch with several countries including Europe, Americas, Africa and south-east Asia regarding the supply of ketamine from Indian soil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15445911", "title": "Rajesh Khanna left behind beautiful music: Jackie Shroff", "text": "Rajesh Khanna left behind a legacy of beautiful music, Bollywood actor Jackie Shroff has said.The actor was speaking at a musical tribute held for the legendary superstar Friday evening in Mumbai.\"Rajesh Khanna gave us some of the most melodious songs that we have in our industry. He left behind a legacy of beautiful music,\" Jackie told IANS.On the evergreen romantic numbers of the superstar, Jackie said the song \" O Mere Dil Ke Chain \" is his favourite.\"The lyrics of all his songs, coupled with his suave personality and the magical eyes was just magnificent. His chemistry with all the beautiful actresses was so charming. Music composers and singers were only too happy to compose songs for his films,\" he said.Known for hit films like \" Aradhana\" and \" Anand\" , Rajesh Khanna passed away on July 18.He had been battling health issues for a while and had been admitted to Lilavati Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441657", "title": "'Hamari Speaker' a scripted show", "text": "NEW DELHI: The bilingual weekly show, \" Hamari Speaker\", on Lok Sabha TV, which features Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar in an interactive question-hour session with school children from Delhi, is supposed to be a spontaneous affair designed to ignite the curiosity of young minds about parliamentary democracy and to draw them in.The year-old programme has, however, turned out to be a contrived show, with the participants coached to ask the questions that the producers would want them to put to Speaker Meira Kumar, the star attraction of the interaction. Little wonder, Kumar is never caught fumbling for an answer. The Speaker reads out from a script, although she has on occasions made improvisations.For instance, one of the questions put to her in one of the shows was the specific provision for children among the Directive Principles of the Constitution. \"Do the Directive Principles provide anything for children?\" asked the student from one of Delhi schools. The Speaker instantly came up with the precise Article and clause of the Constitution to satisfy the curiosity of the young participant.\"Children are to be given opportunities and facilities to develop in healthy manner and in conditions of freedom and dignity etc. (Article 39 (f)).\" Sources told TOI that both the question and the answer were prepared by the LS TV employees.The exchange was not an exception. Sample another question in the same programme, \"Some months ago in one of the episodes you had told us that the Parliament Building was an important part of the heritage of India.\" The reply: \"Parliament House is one of the most magnificent buildings in New Delhi which has one of the brightest clusters of architectural gems possessed by any country in the world.\"Visitors to the national Capital invariably pay a visit to this building as the two Houses of Parliament -Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha are located within its walls. A 'heritage committee of Parliament' is on the anvil since Speaker Meira Kumar feels that a body of experts is required for care and upkeep of the ageing Parliament building... While the massive structure is 82-year-old the reality of its ageing process came to light earlier when part of the ceiling came crashing down in petroleum minister Murli Deora's chamber. Water leakage in Central Hall also jolted authorities to the fact that mounting pressure of humans and technology was taking a toll on the structure...\"When contacted, Rajiv Mishra, CEO of Lok Sabha TV said that the show was \"spontaneous\", but avoided giving specific reply whether questions and answers are worked out in advance. \"This programme is one of our driving programmes .... it gets us very good response and high TRP. I always wanted a programme for children ,and in this one since Speaker herself participates the response is very good\".Sources, however, maintained that the interactive was scripted, pointing to another example where a student wanted to know about the special measures provided for in the Constitution for tribes inhabiting the remote and inaccessible areas. \"We have heard that the Constitution provides special machinery and provisions for remote and inaccessible areas inhabited by tribal communities. Can you tell us about this?\" he asked.The Speaker's reply was, \"The term 'Scheduled Tribes' first appeared in the Constitution of India. Article 366 (25) defined scheduled tribes as 'such tribes or tribal communities or parts of or groups within such tribes or tribal communities as are deemed under Article 342 to be scheduled tribes for the purpose of this Constitution.\" Article 342, prescribes procedure to be followed in the matter of specification of scheduled tribes.\"All shows of \"Hamari Speaker\" have been telecast in the same format, using a set that cost around Rs 3.5 lakh, sources said. Plans are afoot to create a new set since it has completed its first anniversary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15445755", "title": "Rajamouli clarifies about Rajinikanth and Suriya\u2019s films", "text": "Taskmaster SS Rajamouli slammed all rumors that he's doing to wield the megaphone for superstar Rajinikanth's film. Certain sections of media reported that the maverick director would take up the monumental task of directing Rajinikanth in one of his forthcoming projects, but Rajamouli took to his micro-blogging site and clarified that the news is false.\"News about Rajnikanth garu asking me to prepare a story is completely false\" (sic).Rajamouli was also circumspect while making a statement on working with Tamil hero Suriya. Elucidating that he and Suriya meet occassinally and both are interested to work together, Rajamouli believes there are several issues to be finalized before announcing a project.\"Me and Suriya meet occasionally.both of us r intrested in workin 2gether.But there r numerous issues 2b finalised b4 a film can be announced\" (sic)\", wrote Rajamouli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15449539", "title": "Diabetics should seek medical opinion before fasting", "text": "BANGALORE: Blood sugar levels should be monitored more frequently during Ramadan, to reduce the risk of developing low blood sugar ( hypoglycemia ). Tailored management of diabetes during Ramadan, including treatment changes, can help to minimize the risks associated with fasting, says a new book based on research related to Diabetes and Fasting.The book: 'The Facts About Fasting During Ramadan' was released in Bangalore on August 10. Based on various research conducted in international universities the book recommends that people with diabetes also need to receive appropriate education and advice to ensure they understand the risks associated with fasting and enable them to recognize the symptoms of low blood sugar (hypoglycemia).The Research referred in the book shows that more than 50 million people with diabetes worldwide continue to fast during Ramadan despite the advice of healthcare professionals.During Ramadan, people with type 2 diabetes who fast will abstain from eating, drinking, and using oral medications from pre-dawn to after sunset. Most people consume two meals per day during this month, one after sunset and the other before dawn. People with diabetes are exempt from fasting during Ramadan. However, many still wish to fast.Research shows that the changes in eating patterns experienced during Ramadan can put people with type 2 diabetes at risk of complications including low blood sugar (hypoglycemia), high blood sugar (hyperglycemia), diabetic ketoacidosis, thrombosis and dehydration.For people with type 2 diabetes who make the personal decision to fast, decreased food intake, along with certain diabetes medications, can increase the risk of low blood sugar (hypoglycemia). Symptoms of low blood sugar (hypoglycemia) may include sweating, dizziness, hunger and irritability. It is important for people with diabetes to learn to recognize these symptoms, quotes the book.The book suggests that if left untreated, low blood sugar (hypoglycemia) could lead to serious medical problems including loss of consciousness, convulsions or seizures, which require emergency treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15441302", "title": "Amidst tight security, dahi handi lack the usual zeal", "text": "PUNE: Janmashtami celebrations across the city on Friday may have seemed subdued to those who have witnessed the festival here for ages, as underneath the pomp and merriment of the dahi handi, there was a cautious stance, where several mandals downplayed the festival by doing away with dolby sound systems and wrapping up the festivities earlier than usual. The heavy police deployment across the city added to the passivity, even as the numbers that turned up to witness the celebrations seemed thinner than last year.The two major mandals in Mandai, Babu Genu Mandal and Suwarna Yug Mandal (whose celebrations usually attract a crowd of about one lakh every year), kicked off the dahi handi rituals amidst a crowd of 75,000-odd people each. \"The crowd is visibly thinner than last year, perhaps due to the recent serial blasts in Pune, which may have made people a little cautious,\" said a spectator.Members of the Babu Genu mandal, however, had decided to celebrate the festival like last year, with loud music streaming out of several dolby sound systems and live dance performances, dished out by popular Marathi television actors. Colourful firecrackers going off into the night sky added to the festive charm here, thickening the crowd as time passed.The dahi handis of both the mandals were set at a dizzying height of 60-70 feet, while human pyramids attempted to smash them. Kumar Devendra, a performer from the dance group RnD Boys, said, \"Eighteen of us are here to perform for the Babu Genu Mandal. This is my first performance ever in Mandai and I feel I'm performing on a very different platform than usual. We were a little cautious when we started performing, as this is a crowded location and the memory of the recent blast is still fresh. Gradually, we slipped into the festive fervour and are feeling very happy with the energy here.\"Police bandobast around the two mandals was doubled this year, with over 200 police personnel deployed across Mandai. Makarand Ranade, deputy commissioner of police (Zone 1), said, \"All police personnel are on field today. Each band of officials is patrolling the areas designated keep a check on the crowd.Patrolling will assure people that the police are constantly keeping a vigil. We have also spoken to mandal volunteers and the proceedings seem peaceful.\"Sub-inspector Yashwant Rakshe said around 250 police officials have been deployed in myriad dress codes around various major mandals in Mandai.Rahul Kapare, a volunteer with Suwarna Yog mandal, said, \"The impact of the blast can be seen from the size of the crowd this year. I have witnessed Janmashtami celebrations in Pune for 20 years and I definitely feel that the number of spectators this year is less.\"Praveen Dhavale, another volunteer of this mandal, said, \"The rush of people is lesser than last year. Most of our mandal workers are spread across the area, as the mandal's president has asked them to be vigilant. He has also asked us to report to him in case we find any suspicious material.\"Hemant Rasne, president, Suwarna Yog mandal, added that their mandal has deliberately toned down the celebrations this year. \"We have invited a dhol tashe group for music instead of installing dolby sound systems. We are therefore trying our best to help the police.We also allowed the traffic to pass by the chowk till 7 pm, so that people returning from work do not get stuck here. The aim was to help police expend less manpower on controlling traffic and more on keeping the area secure of any menace.\"The Akra Maruti Chowk Mandal near Bajirao Road donated school stationary worth Rs 25,000 to less privileged children that participated in their Dahi Handi celebrations. The mandal had invited a dhol tashe group to play music during the celebrations, and installed 1000 watt metal light fixtures around their setup. \"The police had asked us to increase the lighting here so that each person in crowd is visible. This is one of the many instructions they asked us to follow for security reasons,\" said Vinayak Ghate, president of the mandal.Nitin Pandit, treasurer of the Tulsibaug Ganesh Utsav Mandal, said, \"There is heavy police deployment here. Around 20 police personnel have patrolled the area twice in one-and-a-half hour.\" The mandal had donated about 550 kgs of grains to an NGO working for less privileged and disabled children this Janmashtami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15443501", "title": "Three city garden resorts surrender Rs 16.83 lakh", "text": "INDORE: A sum of Rs 16.83 lakh was surrendered during the raids of the commercial taxes department conducted at three garden resorts in the city on Thursday.\"It was a routine action by the commercial taxes department. There was no due for the last fiscal. They collected a sum of Rs 1.83 lakh from us which was due for the first quarter of the current fiscal. We were anyway planning to deposit the am ount,\" said Jalsa director Hemant Juneja. The two other garden resorts on whose premises raids were conducted by the anti-evasion bureau of the department include Waterlily and its associate, Sajdhaj.US Bhadoria, deputy commissioner &amp; in-charge of the bureau, said, \"Both the associates of the same group deposited a sum of Rs 15 lakh during the raid. Rs 5 lakh was collected from Waterlily.\" \"The luxury tax, which came into being since 01 April, 2011, is also due for Sajdhaj, amounting to Rs 5-6 lakh which was yet to be collected,\" said a source familiar with the development.In the case of Jalsa, which has got 29 rooms in its premises, its application for exemption from tax is pending with the state's tourism department. The resort is hopeful of getting the approval for tax holiday, which is applicable for a period of five years, said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15442576", "title": "Drive against Nashik Municipal Corporation sees saplings planted in potholes", "text": "NASHIK: Volunteers of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) on Friday afternoon conducted a 'tree plantation' drive inside potholes in three places in the city as a mark of protest against the neglect by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) ruled by the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS).Volunteers placed saplings in potholes on Pakhal Road, near Dwarka, Panchavati, Satpur and in the central parts of the city on Friday afternoon at the behest of the party's city chief, Sharad Koshire.\"The MNS has not fulfilled any of the promises made on its manifesto. It has been wsix months since they were elected, what are they going to do in two and a half years? There are health and water issues as well. Starting from Friday, we will take up each issue and protest against it,\" said Koshire. \"They even depended on rains to clear water hyacinth in the Godavari. Last year, there was hardly any rain. We removed it after sanctioning Rs 18 lakh. Now because of the opposition to contracts the NMC decided to do it on its own,\" he said.\"As far as potholes are concerned, they fill only murum and gravel. Cold mix should be used after cleaning the potholes, removing the water and filling gravel. Traffic problems, jams and accidents have increased due to potholes,\" Koshire added.He said that the party will plant 50,000 trees and house owners where the trees will be planted would maintain them. The trees will be named after deceased family members of the house near which they are planted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15446681", "title": "Will always welcome Rahul's entry into government: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday said he would welcome Rahul Gandhi's entry into the government, remarks that come in the context of raging speculation over the possibility of a larger role for him in the government and the Congress.\"I have always said I would welcome Rahul's entry into government,\" Singh told reporters here.Last month, Rahul had said that he would play a more proactive role in the Congress and the government, the timing of which would be decided by his two bosses -- Congress president Sonia Gandhi and the Prime Minister.Asked about possibility of a reshuffle of the Cabinet next month, the Prime Minister said, \"You will come to know when it happens.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15443156", "title": "New airport not before 2017", "text": "MUMBAI: The new X-shaped integrated Mumbai airport terminal is expected to handle 40 million passengers in the next two to three years, but may not be a long-term solution to the ever-increasing passenger traffic at Mumbai airport . Work on the solution, a new airport at Navi Mumbai, is still far from getting started.When it was first proposed, the deadline for its completion was 2014. However, even halfway into 2012, many permissions are still pending. Industry observers estimate it will be another four to five years before the first phase of Navi Mumbai airport opens for operations . The airport is likely to handle 50-60 million passengers per year at full capacity.The delay in the airport's construction means the air passenger growth rate in the financial capital will stagnate once the X-shaped terminal is saturated by 2015. \"The airport at Navi Mumbai should have been ready by now, only then could Mumbai have handled the tremendous growth. No further expansion is possible at the current airport,\" said a Mumbai airport official.The new airport was first delayed as a major part of the planned approach roads to the site fell in the Costal Regulation Zone (CRZ). The deadlock was resolved in January 2011 when the site got a special status in the new CRZ notification . Officials said a request for quotation (RFQ) is still pending with the Centre. \"Once the tendering is cleared by the ministry of civil aviation , a developer will be appointed ,\" an official said. Officials said re-plantation of mangroves is yet to start. \"Almost 20% of the land belongs to farmers, their rehabilitation is also pending,\" a source said. \"This means the airport would not be ready before 2017-18 . Rehabilitating farmers and clearing ground for construction will take another year,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15447263", "title": "Bal Thackeray backs Advani comments about 'illegitimate' UPA govt", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray , who had criticized senior BJP leader L K Advani for his controversial blog, today supported him on the 'illegitimate' UPA government comment.\"In democracy, some words may have been termed unparliamentary and Advani had to swallow them, but the truth won't be suppressed because of that,\" Thackeray said in an editorial in party mouthpiece, 'Saamana'.\"It may have been a slip of tongue but the bitter Truth came out of Advani's mouth,\" Thackeray said. It is not as if there was a need (for Advani) to swallow those words later, he added.Thackeray lauded Advani's speech on the Assam issue, saying illegal immigration was encouraged by the Congress for vote-bank politics and is to blame for the violence in that state.The UPA-2 government was illegitimate, Thackeray said, adding it was using the CBI illegally.Earlier this week, in hard-hitting comments, Thackeray asserted that Advani's musings on the outcome of the 2014 polls in his blog was \"demoralising\" for opposition NDA and likened the assessment to an Army General saying before a war that there is no guarantee on the outcome.\"This is like a General saying before a war that there is no guarantee on the outcome and demoralising the entire Army,\" Thackeray had said in 'Saamana.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15449272", "title": "Retired babus in Karnataka fight for posting at human rights commission", "text": "BANGALORE: Where are retired bureaucrats in Karnataka queuing up? For a job at the Karnataka State Human Rights Commission (KSHRC).As many as 14 retired bureaucrats and 7 advocates are fighting for one post of member at the KSHRC. The Commission now is headless as the term of chairperson S R Nayak and members have ended. Besides chairperson, the Commission has two members - one being a retired judge of a district court and other from human rights field. The selection panel comprising chief minister, opposition leaders in the legislative assembly, home minister and presiding officers of legislature has scheduled to meet on August 14 to choose the new body for the commission. Interestingly, law and human rights minister has been kept out of the selection panel.According to sources in the law secretariat, retired babus -- G M Dhananjaya, P Ganeshan, K G Gopalakrishne Gowda, S M Jamdar, G V Kongawad, Meera Saxena, T Y Nayaz Ahmed, C N Seetharam, D Venkateshwara Rao, Shankar Patil, M V Murthy, K V Ravindranath Tagore and G K Bore Gowda have applied for one of the member's post.For other member's post, to be filled from retired district judge, names of Anand R Deshpande, Basavaraja Shivappa Tadahal, H M Bharathesh, R Chandrashekarappa, K D Deshpande, C G Hunagund, K H Malleshappa, S H Mittalkod, S M Shivannagoudar and S Siddalingesh.Shettar as rural development and panchayat raj (RDPR) minister had recommended the government to consider names of Hunagund &amp; Tagore for members post.The government has shortlisted names of former Chief Justices of Karnataka High Court Cyriac Joseph and N K Sodhi, former CJ of Kerala High Court S R Bannurmath, former CJ of Bombay High Court M B Shah and former Supreme Court Justice R V Raveendran for Commission chairperson's post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15441192", "title": "Acid attack victim battles all odds, emerges a winner", "text": "RANCHI: The decade-long ordeal for Sonali Mukherjee (27), who lost her eye sight and became partially deaf, finally ended with chief minister Arjun Munda offering her a government job.As a teenager Sonali was trained in National Cadet Corps (NCC). She was only 17-years-old when one horrific incident changed her life forever.Sonali was allegedly harassed for years by neighbourhood youths. When she opposed to their lewd attempts, three assailants attacked her with acid in 2003. After the attack, her face was disfigured and she was left complete blind and partially deaf.Since then, the victim and her family members have kept visiting hospitals and government departments for treatment and justice. In this process they have spent their entire life saving and also sold plot of ancestral land to fund her court cases and medical treatment.After running for justice and help for almost a decade Sonali recently approached Union minister for women and child development Krishna Tirath for help. However, when her pleas fell on deaf ears, she sought permission to end her life.\"I had lost hope as my struggle appeared to be endless. Today I am happy that the chief minister has come to my rescue and help,\" said Sonali and recalled how Munda's personal intervention in 2003 had helped her in getting the case lodged at Dhanbad.She revealed that now people have started extending help for plastic surgery and even for the judicial battle.Police officials in Dhanbad said that Sonali and her family members were facing tough time especially after two of her attackers, Tapas Mitra and Sanjay Paswan, were released on bail six years ago. The third accused Brahmadev Hajra, was let off on the account of being a juvenile at the time of crime.\"Sonali and her family even had to abandon their home in Dhanbad after she started getting threat calls from the attackers. Now that she will get a job and probably live in Ranchi we hope that her agony will come to an end,\" said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15443789", "title": "Occupant foils bid to rob Raia bungalow", "text": "MARGAO: A gang of robbers effected entry into a bungalow at Tembi, Raia, in the intervening night of Thursday-Friday, but failed in their attempt after one of the occupants noticed the intruders and engaged them in a scuffle which forced them to flee.Rubiya Shaikh lodged a complaint with the Maina Curtorim police that in the wee hours of Friday, three persons effected entry into her bungalow through the kitchen window.The intruders went to the upper floor of the bungalow but failed to find anything valuable. However, as they were climbing down, one of Shaikh's son, Faizan, saw them and raised an alarm. A scuffle ensued and Faizan was allegedly hit by one of the intruders with a rod. This alerted the neighbours who rushed out to help Shaikh. The intruders however managed to take to their heels. The Maina Curtorim police booked an offence against unknown persons for attempt to rob.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15449443", "title": "Recurrent cancellations cost Kingfisher most loyal clients", "text": "MUMBAI: The recurrent cancellation of Kingfisher flights due to pilots' stir has cost the airline its most loyal clients over the past seven months. The recent stir is the forth time since February that pilots have refused to report to work.Travel experts said that all business travellers who were loyal to Kingfisher have now moved to another private full service carrier. \"Corporate travellers' priority is time and disciplined schedules as they are travelling for business meetings. This is why, repeated flight cancellations and last minute changes in flight schedules do not go well with them,\" a Fort-based travel agent said. \"Kingfisher has been constantly cancelling flights or clubbing them due to low passenger loads. That doesn't suit corporate travellers,\" he added.Operators said that apart from Jet airways, low-cost-carriers like Indigo and GoAir also offer select business class seats and facilities. \"This gives more options to business flyers. Many of those who shifted from Kingfisher are now flying low-cost-carries,\" said another tour operator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15441618", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation rejects demand for withdrawal of water cuts", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) water department on Friday rejected corporators' demand to withdraw water cuts. Officials said the irrigation department is averse to any change in the schedule of water supply since three of the four dams supplying water to the city are not filled to capacity.Water cuts have been imposed in the city since March 1 and most of the areas get water only in the morning. All party corporators had raised the demand that water cuts be withdrawn after the irrigation department started to release water from the Khadakwasla dam into the Mutha right bank canal which supplies water to the city.During the City Improvement Committee (CIC) meeting, PMC's water department head V G Kulkarni said, \"The city draws water from four dams, of which only Khadakwasla is filled to capacity. The total storage of the other three dams - Temghar, Varasgaon and Panshet - is less then 60%. Considering this, the state irrigation department cannot withdraw water cuts.\"Members of CIC insisted that water cuts be withdrawn since many parts of the city are reeling under water scarcity. They said that though the PMC has officially announced 18% cuts, many parts of the city receive water only on alternate days. The CIC members said the water discharged into the canal enables the PMC to lift additional water for the city and benefits smaller towns like Daund and Indapur.CIC chairman Chetan Tupe told TOI, \"However, the PMC water department is firm on its decision and the water cuts will stay. The PMC officials admitted that some areas suffer severely because of water cuts, while others get more than the allocated quota. This happens because of the geographical locations of the areas and the civic body is helpless to avoid the same.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15449273", "title": "External affairs minister Yogendra Kumar holds lecture series", "text": "INDORE: The first ever lecture series of Young Indians Indore chapter in association with public diplomacy division, ministry of external affairs, was held by Young Indians (Yi) with Yogendra Kumar, former ambassador of India in the Philippines was held at Daly College Business School, Indore. The event generated a buzz of interest and excitement amongst the Young Indians of Indore.From the BRICS countries' inclusion in the G20 to their participation in the resolution of the global crises that happened on various time spans at regular intervals, the session was an hour long thriller ride. Kumar provided the audience with the in-depth analysis of India's role in the G20 superpowers of the world. The journey started with the formation of the G7 and weaved its way through the inclusion of Russia to make it G8 and then gradually towards the current \"euro zone\" crisis. Later on few more countries were added it become G15 &amp; finally G20. In this way 20 countries got together &amp; shaped a group called G20.He explained the role of the G8 as an organization in the economic calamities like that in Russia and India in 1991. He also highlighted the suggestions made by the G20 at the time of the American crisis in 2008 which endangered the global economy as a whole.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15446510", "title": "Twitter: Bolt's 200m win breaks tweeting record", "text": "LONDON: Track legend Usain Bolt's historic win in the 200m race at the London Games led to a new Twitter Olympic conversation record with more than 80,000 tweets per minute.The official Twitter account revealed the new record on Friday after Bolt became the first athlete in Olympic history to successfully defend both the 200m and 100m titles. Bolt tweeted to his 1.3 million followers to express his thanks and let them know that he is now a legend, and his tweet received 80,000 retweets and 2,000 likes, The Daily Mail reports.The tweet was favourited by more than 2,000 people and retweeted more than 9,500 times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15441252", "title": "Labourer killed as tree falls on him", "text": "PUNE: A 58-year-old labourer died after an old Gulmohor tree fell on him. The incident took place near Anand Park in Aundh around 9.30am on Friday.The Chatushrungi police said the deceased, Mannu Samiya Meghavat, was a resident of Sanjay Gandhi Vasahat near Pashan. Sub-inspector M N Walekar said the incident took place when Meghvat was on his way to work on his two-wheeler.When Meghavat was passing by Anand Park, the Gulmohor tree uprooted and fell on him. \"Meghavat, who sustained severe injuries, was taken to a nearby hospital by police and some local people, but was declared dead on arrival by the doctors,\" Walekar said.He said police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15443642", "title": "Adding to festive spirit, pitter-patter buoys city", "text": "LUDHIANA: The rain god did not disappoint residents on Janmashtami and spread cheer with heavy showers. Even the second last Friday of the holy month of Ramzan was celebrated with fervour in the pleasant weather.Assistant agrometeorologist at Punjab Agricultural University Kulwinder Kaur Gill said, \"City received 9.3mm rainfall today, taking the total rainfall in August to 15.5mm, against the normal rainfall till this time in the month at 100mm. The change in weather brought the maximum temperature down from 33 degrees celsius to 31 degrees celsius.\" The city may witness light showers in the next 24 hours, Kaur added.The residents were relieved from the humid weather after the spell of rains. Civil Lines resident Aarti Malhotra said her two and a half-year-old daughter Zaira and six-year-old son Reaz love to play in the rain. \"They were very happy with Friday's adequate rain. The best thing was it rained on the pious day of Janmashtami,\" said Aarti. Field Ganj resident and an MNC employee Shanu Khan said it was almighty Allah's blessing on second last Friday of Ramzan for the people observing 'roza'. \"As the temperature went down after rains, we didn't feel thirsty at all,\" said Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15442604", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations: It\u2019s Ganesh idol\u2019s turn to become eco-friendly", "text": "CHENNAI: With the increasing contamination of water bodies, the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB) has asked artisans to use clay and water-based colours instead of harmful materials and paints to make idols this Ganesh Chaturthi.\"The immersion of idols made of lead-based paint and plaster of Paris pollutes water bodies. This is why we have asked Chennaiites to buy idols made of raw clay and avoid immersing a painted idol in lakes on September 19,\" said a senior TNPCB official.According to the TNPCB estimates, nearly 7,000 idols are immersed in the Greater Chennai region every year. \"This drastically increases the total dissolved solids (TDS) and the acid from the paint could damage the ecosystem,\" he said.Studies of water samples sourced from the area where the idols were immersed show a drastic increase in the content of heavy metals such as iron and copper, he said. Srinivasapuram-Pattinapakkam in south Chennai, Kasimedu fishing harbour area in north Chennai and the weigh bridge in Tiruvottiyur are some of the popular places for idol immersion in Chennai.The board has also stipulated that idols should be taken 500 metres into the sea before being immersed.M S Karthik Varshan, an idol-maker, said papier mache and gram flour are being used for idol-making this year. \"I am using water colours to paint the idols,\" said Varshan. According to him, there are nearly 25 varieties of popular models in demand during the season. \"The season will begin in 10 days. There are a lot of manufacturers who make 100-200 idols every season,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15441388", "title": "Pune colleges install CCTV cameras", "text": "PUNE: Schools and colleges in the city are installing closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras on their campuses to beef up security in view of the August 1 serial blasts on Jangli Maharaj Road.At Sir Parshurambhau College, work is in full swing to bring the campus under surveillance. Already 12 CCTV cameras have been installed at strategic locations on the campus and around 10 more will be added in a fortnight. \"We have conducted a trial of the cameras and I am able to watch the activities at the main gate from my cabin,\" said principal Dilip Seth.The college has installed high quality cameras that cover larger area, Seth said. At present, the main building of the college is under surveillance, he added.The Deccan Education Society (DES), which runs the Fergusson College, Brihan Maharashtra College of Commerce and the DES Law College, has also increased the number of cameras in the colleges.DES vice-chairman Vikas Kakatkar said, \"We already have CCTVs installed on all our campuses. However, we have strengthened the system by installing a few more cameras to keep a close watch on the campus and surroundings.\"Currently, 12 cameras are installed at each of the three colleges. The number will be increased to 16 each, he said. \"We are trying to make similar provisions in our schools as well,\" Kakatkar added.The Progressive Education Society (PES) that runs three colleges in the city and 25 schools in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad has plans to install six to ten cameras in each of the schools.Gajanan Ekbote, chairman of PES, said: \"At present, each of the three colleges has about 40 cameras. We are increasing the number 60 each.\" The society also has plans to install one camera in each classroom, Ekbote said.The Modern college of arts, science and commerce, the Modern college of engineering and the Modern college campus at Pashan Road are the three colleges run by the PES.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15443312", "title": "AC member for replacing Deshmukh", "text": "NAGPUR: Three days after TOI reported on a rejected candidate for registrar's post being nominated on selection panel for the same post, an academic council member MD Chaudhary has urged Nagpur University vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal to immediately replace Kishore Deshmukh with another member on the panel.Taking strong objection on science faculty dean Kishor Deshmukh's nomination on registrar's selection panel, Chaudhary warned he would seek chancellor's intervention if VC failed to take corrective steps in three days. In a letter to Sapkal, Chaudhary asked him to act using powers vested under Section 14(6) of the Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994, to keep Deshmukh's appointment in \"abeyance\" in larger interests of the university. NU PRO Prashant Mohite refused to comment on the issue stating he was not aware of any such letter.Chaudhary asked VC to refer Deshmukh's nomination back to the Management Council by recording his reasons and ask the members to come up with a new name before September 4 when interviews for registrar's post are scheduled.Citing minutes of council meeting held in December last year, Chaudhary disclosed that five members had objected to Deshmukh's nomination and had disassociated themselves from nomination process. \"The nomination made by the council under your chairmanship lacks 'ethicality, morality and propriety,\" Chaudhary wrote.Pointing out Deshmukh's rejection for registrar's post during interviews held on June 15, 2009, and on January 17, 2010, for being \"unsuitable\", he stated that his nomination on selection panel may be legally right but it was morally and ethically wrong. \"Ironically, person unanimously found 'unsuitable' would be evaluating the suitability of the applicants for the same post under chairmanship of VC,\" he said.\"This decision of the council under your chairmanship definitely is in breach of the binding ethicality and morality and would be big embarrassment for the university,\" he said.The registrar's interviews slated for September are already in the eye of the storm. Controversies related to this prestigious post are not new as NU has failed to get a \"suitable\" registrar for the last three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai/new delhi/pune", "code": "15442134", "title": "Across cities, friends recall steely swimmer", "text": "MUMBAI/NEW DELHI/PUNE: The murder of 25-year-old Pallavi Purkayastha sparked an outpouring of grief as friends across cities remembered the \"independent\", \"strong\" and \"confident\" girl with a friendly spirit.One of her closest friends, Charu Madan, said from Bangalore she is still trying to come terms with Pallavi's death. \"I cannot believe this. We had grown up together. We went to school together. And, despite being in different cities, spoke to each other at least once a week. She was my best friend,\" said Madan. \"We were a group of three and shared all our troubles and happiness. I cannot believe she isn't around anymore.\"In Delhi, where Pallavi's bureaucrat parents are based, a friend described her as a foodie. \"She could not do without maccher-jhol. In fact, when she went to Singapore for six months after graduating from ILS, she kept complaining that she was missing her favourite dish. One of the reasons that she kept visiting her aunt in Kolkata was her love for Bengali dishes,\" said the friend. Madan too called Pallavi a foodie\u2014a person who liked being with friends and eating out.Vaijayanti Joshi, principal of Pallavi's law college in Pune, said she was a \"promising student\". \"This is an unfortunate incident and we feel extremely sorry for her parents.\"Her school friends also recalled Pallavi as a good swimmer and an athlete. \"She was tall and athletic and a very good swimmer,\" said one of them.Another friend said Pallavi was a strong person, living life on her terms. \"I have fond memories of spending time with her, watching movies and going out to eat at our favourite restaurant,\" he said. \"She was very strong and at the same time friendly. She was aspiring to be a big lawyer.\" When he thinks of Pallavi now, he added, he thinks of a picture taken two years ago. \"She and another friend were doing up my hair and we posed for a photo. That picture is repeatedly coming to my mind. It was a happy moment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15442096", "title": "Crafting their way out of a slowdown", "text": "JAIPUR: The Forhex fair is back, armed with an arsenal of exotic handicraft goods. The mood, however, is somber. In a subdued economy, the shadow of some giant multinationals has left some participants wary.The handicraft show at Birla Auditorium has travelled enough distance in four years, winning hearts of connoisseurs and accolades from policymakers. But the Federation of Rajasthan Handicrafts Exporters (Forhex) feels it's time to shift gear and convert local success into national ones. As global giants like IKEA , Tesco and Wal-Mart get ready to storm Indian markets, the state's export-dependant craftsmen need to build a strong domestic footprint.\"We have already held talks with Forhex to take the event to more cities. The Central government has schemes to assist and facilitate such a move. Forhex has created a good platform. The model should be replicated in other destinations as well,\" said S S Gupta, development commissioner, Union ministry of textiles. Gupta was here to flag off the event.Handicraft exports are yet to the reach the pre-crisis level when it clocked $3.8 billion in 2007-08. Rakesh Kumar, executive director of Export Promotion Council for Handicrafts, says exports will grow by 15% this year. The new exports markets, he said, will help achieve the target of $3.2 billion. Last year, the figure was $2.7 billion. But India's share in the world exports continues to be around 2%.While India is yet to catch up with countries like China in mass production, EPCH's Kumar said that the country still enjoys a labour advantage and that will be a big differentiator.Dileep Baid, chairman of Forhex, said Indian products score over others since no machine can create so many varieties. He said this is driving the surge in demand for Indian products because they are authentic, aesthetic yet innovative.Exporters' expansion is already underway. While some are looking for franchises in other cities, a few have set up their outlets in different cities.\"The time has come to look inward. Europe is terrible. We need to step up our domestic operations. Moreover, few countries can generate as much demand as India can, given the country's rising affluence,\" said Mahavir Sharma, promoter of Oscar exports. Sharma has expanded into Bangalore and is looking for opportunities in other cities as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15442340", "title": "Whom can we trust, ask jittery residents", "text": "MUMBAI: The brutal murder of young law graduate Pallavi Purkayastha by the security guard of her building has struck fear among the residents of Mumbai, who are now asking who is trustworthy enough to be let in to their homes to take care of the daily chores. The city's vast population of senior citizens, single women and working parents, who are forced to leave little children home alone, wonders whom it may rely on if the security guard of the society cannot be trusted.With watchmen, who are the first line of defence, becoming perpetrators of crime, scared residents are even questioning how safe is it to allow cooks, maids, servants, drivers and nurses to work in their homes. Mumbaikars recalled several stories of intimidation, indeed harassment, by the very people they hire to protect them.Little children playing around the watchman's cabin is a common sight, and this is something Mulund resident Asha Salve warns against after a nasty episode in her Worli society. \"The guard appeared to be genuinely fond of the kid until she came crying to her mother complaining that he had hit her. It turns out she did not know how to describe molestation,\" says the shocked lady, herself a grandmother of three.The gatekeeper of an upmarket building in Veera Desai Road, Andheri, had a habit of putting his feet up to rest on the window of the watchman's cabin. \"It felt as if he was kicking you in the face as you passed by,\" says Neeta Shaligram (name changed), a mother of two schoolgoing children. \"One day I asked him to sit properly, and from then on, a saga of intimidation began. Each time I passed by, he would whistle in undertones or sing loudly, even increase the volume of the radio to blare a romantic song.\"A young media professional who lives alone in a rented apartment in Goregaon noticed that the building watchman had made a habit of circulating electricity bills and housing society notices during the evening hours, sometimes as late as 10pm. \"At first I was instinctively repelled by his unflinching stare, but gradually, he began brushing my fingers each time he handed me the pen to sign an acknowledgement or simply to hand over a document,\" she recalls.The elite Nibbana housing society at Pali Hill is shocked that a native of Jammu and Kashmir killed Pallavi. \"We ourselves have hired security guards from that state, largely because we did not wish to upset them by refusing,\" says former secretary J B Chetry. Nibbana has devised an ingenious way of keeping a tab on the night watchman by getting him to punch a series of 12 points in the compound during his nocturnal patrol. \"It is not residents who should keep awake all night, it is the watchman who should do so,\" says Chetry.Don't ignore these warning signals* When a guard is irregular in his work, especially if he is unhappy with the salary as it will lead to frustration* Shows anger and irritability, and misbehaves with women, children and elders* Need to know whether a guard has soft skills to handle complaints and also whether he monitors the entry and exit of people coming into the building* Cooks, maids, male servants, drivers, home care nurses must all have proper identity cards and the guards should ensure that person with the proper ID is allowed inside the premises* Also see to it that they have all got police verification with present and permanent addresses* Keep a watch on the behaviour of these people and the guards should also make it a point to inform the society members if they find anything suspiciousSafeguards to keep check on others* Proper maintenance of CCTV cameras, intercom and other gadgets* Ensure hawkers do not have a free run of the building* Fix proper time for salesmen and dhobis to visit the building* Never open the door without checking, also guards should inform residents about the person coming into their flats* Security guards should make a note of the entry and exit time of people entering the building", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new york/washington", "code": "15443144", "title": "US gurdwara reopens, leaves a bullet hole intact as reminder", "text": "NEW YORK/WASHINGTON: Six days after a deadly shooting struck an Oak Creek gurdwara, the shrine on Friday opened its gates again to the public, with over 100 community members returning to clean it ahead of the funeral for the victims.The members of the shrine said that a lone bullet hole in a metal door frame at the gurdwara will remain there as a poignant reminder of the tragedy.The gurdwara in Oak Creek in Wisconsin - where a 'neo-nazi' ex-army veteran, Wade Michael Page, went on a shooting spree killing six Sikhs on Sunday before dying of a self-inflicted gun shot wound - \"is now open for the public\", Jagajit Singh Sandhu, a member of the temple committee, said. A lone bullet hole remained in a metal door frame, which members say won't be repaired. The doorway leads to main prayer area, where the only female victim - 41-year-old Paramjit Kaur - was killed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15441911", "title": "It's OK to steal a little: Mulayam's brother to babus", "text": "LUCKNOW: At a time when the country is witnessing a mounting campaign against corruption, UP public works minister Shivpal Yadav was caught on camera exhorting government officials to \"steal a little\" but not get caught \"robbing\" public funds. Shivpal is the younger brother of ruling Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav .Worse, far from appearing contrite for a comment that is bound to be seen as encouraging corruption, Shivpal blamed the media for recording the event at Etah, saying TV reporters had no business covering the event without permission, and that news channels were telecasting an \"edited\" version of his statement.\"Agar aap mehnat karoge to thodi bahut chori kar sakte ho, buddhi lagaoge, agar inhe meetha paani doge to chori kar sakte ho (if you work hard you can steal a little),\" Shivpal said at a meeting of district planning committee on Thursday. Nearly every news channel on Friday morning was telecasting this. A rattled Shivpal issued a veiled threat to the media, saying his statement was twisted out of context, which is against Press Council of India (PCI) guidelines.Several UP ministers, including past chief ministers, are being probed for corruption and face charges in courts about possessing wealth disproportionate to their declared income. From the video, it was clear that Shivpal was suggesting PWD officials that it was fine if they swindled a little money from the amount sanctioned for projects in return for their hard work, but they should not get too brazen because then they could land in trouble.Shivpal's remark stirred a hornet's nest with Opposition expressing shock and accusing the SP government of encouraging corruption. BSP general secretary and leader of the Opposition in the assembly, Swami Prasad Maurya, said this vindicated his party's contention that UP was being looted by the new government.Seeing the damage his remark had caused, Shivpal, who isn't on the best of terms with his nephew, Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav , switched to damage-control mode. In a hurried press conference, Shivpal said his so-called remarks were lifted from his free-wheeling closed-door discussions with officials. \"I was telling them about the corruption in the previous regime and, in a lighter vein, asked them to stay away from any kind of wrong practice under SP rule,\" he said.He alleged that some reporters sneaked in, shot the event and edited it in a way which showed him in poor light. \"Even if they (media) got in, they should have shown the whole story,\" he said. \"This is against the Press Council guidelines and I may lodge a complaint in this regard,\" he said. Yadav said that he had taken strict action against more than 100 officials on charges of corruption in five months of SP rule. He said the media has reported nothing about that.UP Congress chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi joined the BJP and BSP in attacking the SP government, saying, \"If the minister himself says so, then there will be no end to corruption.\"Former SP leader Shahid Siddiqui, who was sacked for interviewing Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi recently, told reporters that Shivpal wanted to become CM and was trying to bring down his nephew's government. \"I am sorry to say that a young man, an honest man, Akhilesh will have to pay the price for the faults of his uncle,\" he added.In 2006, when SP was in power and Mulayam was the CM, Shivpal had described the killing of children at Nithari in Noida as a law and order problem. It had become a major issue in the 2007 assembly elections which SP lost.SP sources say Shivpal is unhappy with the rise of Akhilesh who is much junior in relation, experience and age. In a recent interview to a weekly, Shivpal said that Mulayam should have become the CM.Times ViewThe remarks attributed to Shivpal Yadav, if they are indeed correct and not taken out of context or twisted, are extremely shocking. Yadav and his party should remember what brought them to power in such emphatic fashion in the assembly elections earlier this year. It was the perception that the earlier regime was corrupt and arrogant that helped the SP ride a wave of revulsion. Akhilesh Yadav's government must now show that it has learnt lessons from the previous regime's downfall and will give the state a cleaner, more responsible and responsive administration. So far, they have given the sceptics enough reason to feel vindicated. That must change, the sooner the better. If Shivpal is found to be guilty of what he is being accused of, he must go.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15443786", "title": "\u2018Russian mafia does not exist in Goa'", "text": "PANAJI: The consul general of the Russian Federation in Mumbai, Alexey Novikov, who is on a visit to Goa has asserted that there is nothing called 'Russian mafia' in Goa and said Russian tourists in bigger numbers would be visiting Goa in the next few years.\"There is nothing called Russian mafia. There are no gun-wielding people on the streets of Moscow. It's a wrong impression that Russian mafia exists and are operating in Goa,\" Alexey Novikov said on Friday.Novikov made the statement after he and his deputy, Alexey Mzareulov, called on chief minister Manohar Parrikar .The envoy maintained that reports about existence of Russian mafia in the coastal state are an \"absolute lie\". \"You cannot term them as members of a mafia. There are bad people in every community,\" Novikov said.Sources said that issues which were in the news, like Russians allegedly forming enclaves along the coastal belt and their involvement in other activities, also came up for discussion with the chief minister.Novikov conceded that the issue about \"colonization\" was raised by Parrikar. \"He (CM) had a valid point that sign boards cannot be exclusively in Russian language. They should also be in local languages as the establishments are based here,\" the consul general said.Novikov said the chief minister told them that Russian citizens will enjoy all the rights under international laws here, but violation of any local law by them will not be tolerated. \"Due to huge number of Russian nationals in Goa, the government of Russia is constantly monitoring these cases and the overall environment in the state,\" he said.The consul general said the inflow of Russian tourists to Goa is likely to go up by almost 50%, compared to last year's figure of one lakh arrivals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15448555", "title": "Govt's free mobile scheme opposed by Finance Ministry", "text": "The finance ministry will strongly object to a plan to gift mobile phones to every family below the poverty line (BPL) on grounds that cash-strapped government cannot afford the Rs 7,000 crore scheme, a top ministry official told ET on condition of anonymity.The Prime Minister's Office (PMO) is believed to be evaluating the Planning Commission scheme, known as Har Hath Mein Phone, under which cellphones would be doled out to over 70 million BPL households along with 200 minutes of free local talk time. According to news reports earlier this week, the scheme might feature in the prime minister's Independence Day speech to the nation. But officials in the PMO say the scheme would not be announced on August 15.According to Planning Commission estimates issued in 2012 based on a 2009-10 spending survey, India has 355 million poor households. Assuming a family of five, this means 71 million households. The figure of Rs 7,000 crore appears to have been calculated assuming a price of Rs 1,000 for each handset.Some reports have suggested the government could dip into the Universal Service Obligation Fund to pay for the freebie, but a finance ministry official said even that requires North Block's approval. Moreover, this fund is meant for increasing teledensity in rural areas while the proposed scheme would cover both urban and rural poor. An official in the department of telecommunications said the plan to gift free mobiles was not suggested by them. They were not even consulted about it, the official said.The scheme has some serious backers in Congress, who feel this could be one way of reconnecting with voters. The Congress-led UPA government, battered by allegations of corruption, is widely believed to be on a sticky wicket ahead of parliamentary elections in 2014. The proposal is similar to state schemes in Tamil Nadu and Uttar Pradesh, in which consumer durables such as colour TV sets have been handed out to sections of the population and could be marketed as a major empowerment initiative of the government, according to this section of Congress.However, a senior leader in the party points out that the scheme could backfire since the priority should be to address more serious issues, such as power shortage. \"What use is a mobile if there is no electricity to charge it? It would seem insensitive to go ahead with something like this, especially when the government says there is no money to fund its food security plans,\" says the Congress leader.The budget had projected a fiscal deficit of 5.1% of GDP. The finance ministry is keen to stick to this target in the wake of threats from rating agency Standard &amp; Poor's to downgrade India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15443446", "title": "Mysore ponders on biofuel message", "text": "MYSORE: Petroleum sources are diminishing with time and bio-diesel can be one of the alternative to fossil fuels like diesel opined president, The National Institute of Engineering Subbarao.He was speaking during World Biofuel Day celebration organized at The National Institute of Engineering centre for renewable energy and sustainable technologies (NIE-CREST) and Eicher centre for automotive technologies (NECAT). Mysore district biofuel information and demonstration centre organized the event.Biofuel production can be a boon to farmers who are suffering from drought in the state. Crude oil import from foreign countries reduced through alternative arrangement of fuel he emphasized. There exists no energy security to replace crude oil and the fossil fuels are responsible for major carbon emissions said director, NIE-CREST S Shamsundar.Speaking about biodiesel production he said, the alternative to the diesel fuel in Transportation can be any Non edible Bio oil after transesterification. The oil extracted from NON EDIBLE seeds like pongamia (Honge), Simaruba, Neem, surahonne, naga sampige, caster, jatropha etc. can be used as biodiesel after transesterification. These oils can be used in blend with diesel up to 40% by volume.The Karnataka state Biofuel Development Board is establishing the biofuel centres at every district of the state. The centres have been already established in seventeen districts. Hassan has taken step further by introducing bio-diesel in the government vehicles on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15443177", "title": "Kisses &amp; smileys in official emails tarnish work image", "text": "LONDON: Are you sending 'too-friendly' emails with kisses and smileys to your clients and colleagues?You better stop! A survey by a office products company Staples in the United Kingdom found that kisses on emails to clients are disliked by 66% people while 44% said they didn't approve of smiley faces in mails.Two-thirds of people said that they regard simple mistakes in an email as 'shoddy' and would 'have no faith' in the sender, the Daily Mail said. Fifty-eight per cent of office workers said they felt irritated and wouldn't do business with people who took annual leave and failed to leave any 'out of office' message at all as it showed a lack of professionalism and care. Terms of endearment to clients, such as 'honey' or 'dear' also do not make a good impression, according to 54% people, the report said.Abbreviations such as 'OMG' (50%), cheesy lines such as 'Happy Friday' (28%) and asking clients about plans for the weekend (17%) were also a big no.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15443290", "title": "Following friend\u2019s death, principal kills herself", "text": "NAGPUR: These were the friends even death couldn't part. One gave up her life after the other's death. Aruna Durugkar, principal of a fashion and textile designing institute at Sakkardara and sister-in-law of city MP Vilas Muttemwar , ended her life by jumping off from the balcony of the fifth floor apartment at Shivaji Nagar early Friday morning.Aruna, in her 50s, was upset after her childhood friend Kunda Dhok died of cancer just a day earlier. She had actually apologized to her 20-year-old son Abhimanyu before retiring to bed the previous evening. \"I am sorry for not being able to take care of you,\" she had told Abhimanyu. Abhimanyu had tried to console his mother and cajoled her to have dinner with him. Aruna, after returning from funeral of Kunda, was visibly distraught. Having separated from her husband nearly two decades ago, Aruna was staying with her son. She was the youngest among six sisters and a brother.On Friday, it was Abhimanyu's turn to be swept away in sorrow. The security guard of the apartment, alerted by a scream and loud thud, was stunned to see Aruna lying motionless towards the rear side of the building. The guard raised an alarm and also informed Abhimanyu. The rest of the Durugkar family, who stayed in the vicinity, was informed too. Aruna was rushed to a private hospital where she was declared dead. There was no suicide note found.A family source claimed that Aruna had spoken to her elder sister Karuna the previous evening. She had sounded depressed over Kunda's passing away. Karuna had asked Aruna to come over for dinner and spend the night there. Aruna had turned down the suggestion. \"Aruna had seen friend Kunda die a painful death. Even an operation could not save her. This left her devastated,\" said a family source. \"They had shared most part of their life acting as each other's support,\" said a friend. Ambazari police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15448740", "title": "Educational foundation becomes victim of cyber crime", "text": "New Delhi: A leading educational foundation, which operates across India and has its office in Saket, has become the latest victim of online slur with an unidentified man putting up videos on YouTube with derogatory tags and texts and uploading the pictures and videos of the foundation's employees meet in sections of 'rave parties' and 'orgy', said a source.The accused reportedly captured some 'fun moments' where teachers were shown dancing and associated them with raves and sex videos leading to the organization facing queries from across the globe. The worried foundation has now approached the cyber cell of Delhi police which has registered a criminal case under section 66 of the Information Technology (IT) act and has begun its probe.A senior cop said that the data in the video indicates that the ?person who has put up these videos has access to information inside the organization?. ?Event he organizations suspects that this could be the handiwork of a disgruntled fellow or an ex employee. A source said that they were trying to ascertain the location and identity of the accused by gaining access to their IP address. \"A breakthrough is soon expected,\" he added.The incident first came to light on February this year when some of the senior members of the organization noticed the released video on the internet under the name 'tatha806', said a source. The videos threaten to expose the reality of the fellowships offered by the organization.?With their complaint to the police, the organization has also provided the cops with the slanderous content about the organization on the video sharing portal, YouTube?. The organization also provided the cops with the URL of the videos.\"There are ?two ?videos that show the fellows and staff members?, singing and dancing for some entertainment ?at the end of the day within the premises of the houses they stay in?. ?These fun moments have been given titles like ?'?rave party?' ?and ?'?orgy?' ?which appears to be a deliberate attempt to misrepresent the people shown in the video?,\" said the complaint.?\"?The other ?two ?videos are videos comprising written text?. ?These are long videos one being nearly ?seven ?minutes ?and the other being nearly of ?15 ?minutes?. The text in these videos deliberately quotes and misrepresents ?remarks and observations made by individuals?. ?It falsely accuses the organization of corrupt practices? and also makes false allegations and defamatory statements against our partner organizations? and board members.As per the data gathered by the National Crime Records Bureau ( NCRB), hacking cases have registered an increase of 1850% \u2014 from just two cases in the year 2010 to 39 in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15447807", "title": "South-west monsoon active in six districts of Karnataka", "text": "Mangalore: Rainfall was widespread in eight districts; fairly widespread in three; scattered in six; isolated in 11 districts; negligible in two in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Saturday. South-west monsoon was active in six districts; normal in 12; and weak in 12 others. Very heavy rain was recorded in three districts; heavy rain in four; rather heavy rain in one; moderate rain in 12; light rain in eight; and very light rain in two districts.Rainfall over Karnataka is considered as scattered since 43% of the hoblis and gram panchyaths recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm in the above mentioned last 24-hours, a period that saw Kota in Udupi taluk record maximum rainfall of 200.5 mm in the state. Widespread, moderate to very heavy rain was received in Kodagu, Udupi, Shimoga, DK, Belgaum, Dharwad, Haveri and Uttara Kannada; KSNDMC, Bangalore stated.Fairly widespread, moderate rain to heavy rain was recorded in Chikmagalur, Davanagere and Bagalkot districts; scattered, light to heavy rain in Koppal, Chamarajanagar, Hassan, Yadgir, Gadag and Mysore; isolated, light to moderate rain in Bellary, Chikkaballapur, Bangalore Rural, Gulbarga, Mandya, Bidar, Bijapur, Chitradurga, Raichur, Tumkur and Kolar districts. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state.Print allKarnataka for the period June 1 to August 11 has recorded deficit rainfall of 29%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 555.9mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state received 392.3mm rainfall. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on August 11, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 12.3mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 7mm, a surplus of 76%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441297", "title": "Seniors protest suspension of five for ragging", "text": "MUMBAI: Final-year students of the L S Raheja School of Art, protesting the suspension of their batchmates for ragging, have the Bandra Government Railway Police (GRP) worried. The cops suspect that protestors, who are boycotting lectures and hanging around the premises in numbers, may attempt to intimidate the victims.Close to 90 final-year students of the college boycotted classes for two days, demanding the suspension of five of their friends be held back till a proper police enquiry. \"The college can't just suspend students on the basis of a complaint by juniors. They should be given a fair chance to prove their case,\" said a final-year student who didn't wish to be quoted.Eleven first-year students of the college complained of being ragged in a local train by a group of five seniors and an ex-student on July 26. The GRP lodged a non-cognizable offence on Wednesday after the college conducted an enquiry and suspended five seniors. On Thursday, the Mumbai Central railway court gave a go-ahead to the GRP to conduct a probe .\"We need to record statements of victims as well as the accused. But if other final-year students hang around outside the college in large numbers, the victims are likely to be intimidated,\" said senior inspector V Dhopavkar of the Bandra GRP. \"We plan to write a letter to the Bandra police, in whose jurisdiction the college is located, to take action against the protesting students if they assemble in this manner. The victims have already expressed fears of a backlash from the accused or their peers,\" Dhopavkar added.College principal Sridhar Badekar said boycotting classes will not be accepted. \"If the students pursue their protest, we will write to their parents and take action,\" he said, adding the five final-year students will remain suspended till the police inquiry is over. \"If the kids are proved innocent, they can come back to college. We can't blatantly ignore complaints of 45 first-year students,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15443380", "title": "Very high frequency device fails to trace Tass tigress \u2018Kala\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: The three-member team led by wildlife biologist Vidya Athreya from Pune failed to trace the radio-collared Tass tigress with the help of VHF (very high frequency) device.The tigress named 'Kala', was somewhere in Brahmapuri forest division when the last reports came in. Kala was rescued on October 13, 2011, from an open canal well adjoining Tass forest in Bhiwapur. It was released in its original habitat on November 27.The team had left for Brahmapuri on Monday and started a search from Tuesday. As the GPS battery in the radio collar has drained out, signals on computer via satellite has stopped. The team tried to trace the tigress with the help of VHF.The collar was fitted by Athreya and wildlife veterinarian Dr Aniruddha Belsare, also from Pune. Earlier, Athreya has collared several rescued leopards in Western Maharashtra.\"We had no luck finding 'Kala'. There is water everywhere so she could be anywhere and although we went on the roads, because of the dense vegetation and rains, we need to get very close to get her signals,\" Athreya said.The wildlife biologist said that the team did not get any signal this time. So either the tigress is far away from areas the team checked or the VHF battery has finished. Also it couldn't be confirmed whether the collar was intact or has fallen down from the neck of the tigress.\"We may again try to locate the tigress in couple of months,\" Athreya said.When asked about the problem, she said on a flat surface, the VHF is active for 1-2 km and from air it is active for 5-8 km. And due to dense vegetation the device may have faced difficulty in catching the signal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15443167", "title": "You are most likely to find best friends on job", "text": "You are most likely to meet your best friend forever at workplace rather than through school, university, hobbies or family, a new study has found. The study in Britain observed that one in three workers finds their kindred spirits sitting across the desks or gossiping around the water cooler in the office. One-third of the 2,012 participants polled admitted to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15442509", "title": "President Pranab Mukherjee to visit Tirumala", "text": "HYDERABAD: In what could be his first official visit, President Pranab Mukherjee is slated to visit the Tirupati temple shrine later this month where apart from the darshan of Lord Venkateshwara, he would inaugurate a multi-storied tourist complex at Tirumala.77-year-old Pranab Mukherjee was elected 13th President of India and took charge on July 24. General Administration Department (GAD) sources told TOI that chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, who visited New Delhi recently, invited Pranab Mukherjee to visit Tirumala and that the latter had accepted the same.The sources also added that President will inaugurate a multi-storeyed tourist complex at Tirumala during his visit. The Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams ( TTD) has constructed 3,200 rest houses in this complex with all amenities for devotees at a cost of Rs 30 crore . The one-day visit of the President is likely to happen in the third or last week of this month. According to the tentative schedule, the President will arrive at Renigunta airport and reach Tirumala by road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15442398", "title": "M Karunanidhi's Eelam meet runs into rough weather", "text": "CHENNAI: Both the Centre and the state government flexed their muscles on Friday to take the wind out of the Tamil Eelam Supporters Organisation (TESO) conference organized by DMK chief M Karunanidhi . While the Centre told the Madras high court that it would not allow the organizers to use the word 'Eelam' in the title of the conference to be held in the city on Sunday, the state government said it might deny permission for the international meet.But hours later, Karunanidhi visited YMCA Grounds in Royapettah, the venue of the proposed conference, to inspect the preparations. He told reporters, \"I hope police will cooperate with us in conducting the conference.\" Karunanidhi replied in the negative when asked if the Centre had requested him to drop the word 'Eelam' from the conference title (Eelam Tamils Rights Protection Conference). \"I have not received any communication,\" he said and claimed 90% of the preparation for the conference has been completed.Sources said Union ministers Sharad Pawar and Farooq Abdullah, who had earlier confirmed their participation in the conference, are likely to back out following pressure from the Centre. The two will send their party representatives instead. The TESO meet is seen in political circles as an attempt on the part of Karunanidhi to project himself as a crusader of Tamil rights, a year after his party faced a drubbing in the assembly elections. Under pressure from the Centre, Karunanidhi had earlier announced that the demand for an Eelam (separate land for Tamils in Sri Lanka ) would not be part of the agenda of the conference.On Friday, while hearing two petitions seeking denial of permission for the conference, a division bench of the Madras high court comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal directed Chennai police commissioner J K Tripathy to take a decision after taking into account the capacity of the ground, the safety and security of the inmates in the nearby Royapettah Government Hospital and the restrictions on use of loudspeakers. Pointing out that Section 41 of the Tamil Nadu City Police Act conferred powers on the police commissioner to regulate meetings and processions in public places, the judges directed him to pass a reasoned order. Later in the afternoon, Tripathy along with the state director general of police, K Ramanujam, met chief minister J Jayalalithaa to brief her about the developments.The additional solicitor-general for south India, M Ravindran, told the high court that the Centre had not objected to participation of leaders and activists from foreign countries in the conference. He also furnished a copy of the ministry of external affairs' communication, which read: \"The ministry has no objection from political angle for the proposed international conference with foreign participants with the proviso that 'Eelam' may be dropped from the title of the conference.\"Tamil Nadu advocate general A Navaneethakrishan said police permission for the proposed meet might be denied because the YMCA ground was located close to the Royapettah Government Hospital which gets more than 3,000 outpatients daily. Noting that the ground would hold only about 8,000 participants, the advocate general, quoting articles from the DMK's party organ Murasoli, said more than a lakh people were expected for the meet along with nearly 1,250 vehicles.Noting that Metro Rail project works too had resulted in traffic diversions through Royapettah, he said the meeting would bring life to a stand still in the city. \"Undoubtedly, it would cause inconvenience not only to the patients but also to the general public,\" Navaneethakrishnan said.Senior advocate P Wilson, representing the organizers of the conference, said the publicity for the event was first issued in July but the petitions were filed only on August 7, five days ahead of the event. Noting that the YMCA ground was being used continuously for several high-profile events, Wilson said the petitioner was being 'clandestinely supported' the government itself.While dismissing one of the PILs, filed by advocate R Balasubramanian, the bench expressed surprise over the details and documents furnished in the other petition filed by Tamil Nadu 108 Ambulance Services Employees Union president P Ramachandran. Noting that the senior counsel for Ramachandran could not give answers to query on the documents, the judges asked him to file an affidavit explaining as to how he got copies of the communication between the conference organizers and the YMCA administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15447520", "title": "Drashti, Vivian, Karan Kundra to perform on 'Comedy ka Jashn'", "text": "It's been 65 years since our freedom fighters brought us independence. However, even today, we celebrate in a somber mood and partake in the festivities halfheartedly.Breaking this tradition and encouraging proud Indians to celebrate Independence Day with a smile on their faces as Colors' presents 'Comedy ka Jashn - Hasne ki Azaadi' to showcase a dance and comedy extravaganza that brings together Bollywood and television celebrities. This special feature will air on Wednesday, 15th August at 1 PM.Inspiring the spirit of laughter among audiences, Comedy ka Jashn will feature a plethora of performances from popular artists including Bollywood actor Tusshar Kapoor , television actors Drashti Dhami, Mahi Vijj,Vivian Dsena, Karan Kundra, Giaa Manek, Sharad Kelkar, Rashmi Desai, Hema Singh, Usha Nadkarni, Ankita Lokhande and Sanjeeda Sheikh, comedians Bharti Singh, Krushna Abhishek, Sudesh Bhosle, Sunil Grover, and many more.The acts will be themed around Independence Day while focusing on the newsmakers of the year gone by. Whether it's dealing with national unity or different political issues which created waves during the year, 'Comedy ka Jashn' will showcase a comic take on it all. Further, as dance becoming the essence of entertainment in India, some humour-based dance performances will also be presented adding to the entertainment quotient.With a starry lineup combined with fun-filled acts and performances, Colors' ensures that Independence Day this year is a day for laughter to reign supreme!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15442757", "title": "Soon, you can walk under the bypass", "text": "KOLKATA: If the Park Circus-Paroma Island promises speed, two of its transit corridors will ensure safety. Work for an important component of the flyover \u2014 two subways across E M Bypass \u2014 has just begun.If you are on the wrong side of the Bypass and must make it to the other, wait for another five months before you can walk uninterrupted down the subways. They will be ready by January 2013, a few days before the Kolkata Book Fair, giving city's book buffs an opportunity for a hassle-free walk to the Milan Mela grounds this book fair. City traffic managers, too, will heave a sigh of relief.The two underpasses, one connecting Energy Park and Science City and the other Milan Mela and Science City, will cover 62 metres and 55 metres (the width of the E M Bypass and the Park Circus connector) respectively.The Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA), the implementing agency for the flyover, has managed to begin the construction of the Science City-Milana Mela underpass. But work for the other underpass will begin only after CESC removes its underground cables along the stretch.\"If building flyovers is a priority for developing Kolkata's infrastructure, ensuring safety of the people is also a must. The Park Circus-Paroma Island flyover will ease traffic snarls and congestion to a great extent when it will be ready by August 2013. But not many knew that a very important component of the flyover is the underpasses, which is now being implemented,\" Vivek Bharadwaj, chief executive officer (CEO), KMDA, said, adding that addressing the woes of the pedestrians, who have tough times negotiating with the high-speed traffic on this part of the Bypass where cars and buses keep rushing in from all sides, is the need of the hour.The subways will allow the pedestrians to walk from Energy Park to Science City and again from Science City to Milan Mela. They will not be interconnected. The money will come from the JNNURM funds earmarked for the Rs 320-crore flyover. The underpass between Science City and Milana Mela would have started a month ago had the CESC removed the cables in this stretch. Now that it has, KMDA has lost no time kicking off the small, yet significant component of the mammoth flyover project.The underpasses, three metres below the ground, could be started only after most of the flyover construction at the Paroma Island part is over. Bharadwaj said: \"We are also working on the book fair deadline, considering the huge footfall during the annual fair season.\" Almost three lakh visitors converged at the Milan Mela grounds during last year's fair.But can they ensure that the subways are used, considering the ones at Tollygunge and Jadavpur are lying almost abandoned. A KMDA engineer said: \"The pedestrians will have no option. Either they run into speeding traffic or reach their destinations safely.\"The underpasses will be ready by January 2013, a few days before the Kolkata Book Fair. The subways will allow the pedestrians to walk from Energy Park to Science City and again from Science City to Milan Mela", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15443345", "title": "US siblings\u2019 vision helps spread sight", "text": "NAGPUR: We have heard of people trying to give back to land of one's birth. How often do we come across people trying to do something for their parents' motherland? Brother-sister duo of Aditya and Abha Kulkarni is such a rare specimen.The siblings have lived their entire life calling New Jersey, United States of America, their home. Yet, their heart seems to belong to Nagpur, the city where both their parents Dr Anand and Dr Rachana Kulkarni grew up. The two have been helping the blind people in and around the city by raising funds through various activities for the past five years, becoming benefactors for the Mahatme Eye Hospital.Starting with a few personal efforts, the two have now widened the scope of their work by forming an NGO called 'Let There Be Sight', with chapters in many schools and universities. The elder of the two, Aditya, now 21, moved to US with his parents at the age of 10 months. Abha, a twelfth grader, was born in US. \"We have been coming to India every year since our childhood and always wished to be able to do something for the people here. We even donated the gifts and money I got after my janeu (thread ceremony) to an orphanage here,\" Aditya says.But why did they choose to support the cause of the blind? Abha says it was after they saw their grandfather struggle with gradual loss of vision as he aged. \"The children were very close to him and seeing how not having sight affected him and his daily activities made them sensitive towards problem of the blind,\" recalled Dr Anand. Having known the work being one by the hospital and Dr Vikas Mahatme in providing gift of sight to the underprivileged, the children decided to pool in their efforts and some resources towards the cause five years ago.After the decision was made, an endless journey began for the Kulkarni comprising bake sales and Bhangra performances. During the subsequent Ganesh festivals, Kulkarnis would set up a pandal outside their home, on Diwalis they would be busy selling samosas, lassi and naan in Aditya's high school. \"On one of these food sales, we could raise $200,\" gushed the proud mother Dr Rachana.Many of Aditya's school friends wished to join in the effort, too. So, was the case with Abha's classmates later. Not all those who extended support were Indians. \"I think the presentation we gave after every fund-raiser helped. We would show pictures and videos to the contributors how every dollar they were giving us was being spent well,\" said Aditya.The siblings decided to take the next logical step by setting up 'Let There be Sight' Foundation. The organization is also in the process of putting their work up on a website so that geographical boundaries do not stop people from helping.Not keeping themselves limited to raising funds, the kids decided to what Abha calls 'putting a face to your efforts'. Aditya has been visiting the rural, slum and tribal areas talking to people, seeing for himself the worlds of those whom he helped regain vision. Talking not in English but in Marathi set with a heavy American accent.Abha, for whom this was first visit to the villages, was overwhelmed with the way people reacted to the presence of this family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15448214", "title": "Two Meghalaya trainee police constables forced to drink urine", "text": "SHILLONG: Two police constables in Meghalaya were forced to drink the urine of their fellow trainees by their instructor as punishment following a minor scuffle in the camp, official sources said today.The instructor at the 2nd Meghalaya Police Battalion headquarter in West Garo Hills district allegedly forced the two to drink urine collected from three other co-trainees during a roll call in the evening based on a complaint of the mess commander about a scuffle among the trainees during lunch, they said.The incident took place on August 5 when the constables, A Siangshai and T Lyttan, had a minor scuffle during lunch with their co-trainees at the camp in Geogre, Tura, sources said.The matter came to light after the constables informed their family members who later lodged a complaint with the higher authorities, sources said.Preliminary investigation into the matter revealed that the incident was true, Director General of Police N Ramachandran told PTI today. He said the training instructor, P Borah, has been put under suspension pending a departmental inquiry into the case.All the five constables have given their statements and the full report was awaited before further action can be taken against the training instructor, Ramachandran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15442756", "title": "I don\u2019t regret locking temple gates: Labour minister Danam Nagender", "text": "HYDERABAD: Labour minister Danam Nagender revisited the Sri Laxmi Narasimha Swamy temple site in NBT Colony on Friday afternoon and performed a Krishna janmashtami puja nearby. The temple, on Banjara Hills Road No.12, which is being maintained by the Hare Krishna Movement, was locked up by the minister on Thursday.To prevent any untoward incidents, authorities had deployed heavy police cover around the temple. At around 11.45am, Danam came to NBT Colony along with his supporters bearing a Krishna idol. At some distance from the temple, some locals, suspected to be followers of Danam, had erected a huge cut out of Lord Krishna.It was where the cut-out had been put up that Danam performed puja which lasted for about half-an-hour. Earlier, HMK had concluded its puja on its premises and there were not many devotees when the minister turned up. But because of the prevailing situation, several other programmes which were supposed to be performed in the temple had to be shifted to HKM ashram in MLA Colony.\"The programmes, which were supposed to be held in the afternoon and in the evening, were performed at the ashram instead of the temple. Because of Thursday's developments, we had little time to make arrangements inside the temple,\" HKM spokesperson Ravi Raj said.Addressing the media after his puja, Danam demanded an explanation from home minister Sabita Indra Reddy for police cases being registered against him. \"This is not the first time that cases have been registered against me for taking up a public cause. I have no regrets over locking the temple gates since I strongly feel that state government wrongly permitted HKM to take over the land,\" Danam added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15440735", "title": "Sonia Gandhi likely to visit riot-hit areas on August 18", "text": "GUWAHATI: UPA chairperson and AICC chief Sonia Gandhi , accompanied by minister of state for defence MM Pallam Raju, is likely to visit the state on August 18 and travel to the riot-affected areas in Kokrajhar and Dhubri districts.Sources said that the visit of the UPA chairperson is tentative and has not yet been finalized. \"There is a proposal for her visit to Assam on August 18,\" the source said.Meanwhile, a CBI team led by special director K Saleem Ali and head of special crime zone S Golchha, accompanied by MHA joint secretary (NE), reached Kokrajhar on Friday morning to assess the ground situation.\"So far, 309 cases relating to the recent clashes in lower Assam have been registered with Assam Police. The CBI team will pick out only a few select cases and register one single case by clubbing these cases,\" a source said.The CBI team left for New Delhi later in the day and the actual investigation would start after the notification is issued by the home ministry.Sources said that over 170 persons have been arrested so far by security forces for indulging in violence and arson and 309 cases have been registered in connection with the BTC ethnic clashes. A special investigation team (SIT) with ADGP (CID) as overall in-charge has been constituted to investigate six important cases.\"The state police have drawn up a comprehensive security plan to provide foolproof security to the affected population. We now have 100 fixed police pickets in vulnerable villages. They have been given the responsibility of ensuring security for the affected villages,\" the source added.The state government has also deputed a number of civil and police officers from other districts to assist the district administration in maintenance of law and order, relief operations and other related issues in Kokrajhar, Dhubri and Chirang districts, while senior officers have also been deputed from the state headquarters to supervise the relief process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15443671", "title": "I enjoyed Gangs of Wasseypur 1 more than its part 2: Big B", "text": "MUMBAI: The second part of Anurag Kashyap's Gangs of Wasseypur may have received rave reviews from both critics and audiences but superstar Amitabh Bachchan has said he enjoyed the first part of the movie more.\"Got a rare off this afternoon and saw GOW 2 .. quite impressive and rugged .. more violence, and some twists and turns unexpected,\" Amitabh tweeted after watching GOW 2 which opened in theatres earlier this week and has received good response.\"GOW 2 ... though I must say despite its brilliance I did seem to enjoy GOW 1 , more .. maybe because it came first !\" the tweet added.Amitabh praised the 'natural' performance of actors in the film and particularly the music which he termed as 'unique.'\"GOW 2 ... the performances, the natural and most vivid visuals and the unique music, so novel and attractive !! Gangs of Wasseypur .. a riveting film on the conditions and state of this region in Bihar !! Most naturally performed\" he tweeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441354", "title": "High-rises fall short of safety gadgets", "text": "MUMBAI: While the city has seen a rise in high-rises and high value properties but when it comes to loosening the purse for safety and security systems to ensure a risk-free life, Mumbai falls short of it. At Bhakti Park in Wadala where young law graduate Pallavi Purkayastha was murdered, though the property prices run into crores, police officials found that CCTVs and intercoms were not functional.Kiran Bhatia, an expert and supplier in security systems, said systems like CCTVs and intercoms can work on UPS, as they do not consume much power. \"Despite having a normal backup which can keep systems alive for four hours, societies hesitate in spending money on UPS. We give one-year free maintenance but after that the societies refuse to pay. Maintenance is just 10% of the system's total cost but still there are delays in approving funds by the housing societies,\" he said.\"In many cases, even after suggesting certain security measures on priority basis, the housing societies show reluctance to go for installations,\" he said.Y P Singh, IPS officer-turned lawyer and Bhakti Park resident, said it is not just the responsibility of the residents to not maintain CCTVs and other gadgets fitted in the apartments, but also the builders who still own internal roads and areas. These builders ignore to install CCTVs and other security equipment.Amita Deshpande, a resident of Parel, said people don't want to put in money after buying flats worth crores of rupees. \"Why can't we shell out Rs 100-300 extra per month just for ensuring better security,\" she asked.Vinod Sampat, president of Cooperative Society Residents Users' Association and expert in cooperative society sector, said everyone wants good of his country but not in their backyard because they think it may burden their wallets. \"Apathy in paying attention to regular maintenance of security gadgets are major issues which result in such incidents,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15443534", "title": "Indore drenched in Sri Krishna devotion", "text": "INDORE: Ornate matkis, decorative jhulas (swings), palate-tickling dishes were what occupied many Indoreans on Friday - the occasion of Janmashtami -- the festival that celebrates the birth of Lord Krishna. The city residents celebrated the festival, along with their families, in their own ways.Rahul Agrawal, a resident of M G Road, had lavish celebrations at his house on the day. \"We celebrate the festival every year decorating matkis for the dahi handi. My mother engages herself in decorating the house, and most importantly the jhula with the flowers like roses and marigold. Laddoo Gopal, this year, wore ornaments made of jasmine flowers\" Rahul said. The birth of Krishna is celebrated at 12 am, so the whole family plans to be together at that hour.\"While the festival has its religious significance, it also serves a good purpose of a family and friends reunion. Sakshi Somani, a resident of Shantiniketan, said, \"We are almost done with our preparations now. My friends and relatives will gather at my place tonight to celebrate Janmashtami. This year the theme of decoration at my house is peacock feathers. We used the feathers thoroughly to decorate the jhula and the jhanki. This year Laddoo Gopal at my house will be treated with jape ka prashad which is a very rich in dry fruits and ghee.\"Kuntal Desai, who resides at Navlakha, said \"My family has been celebrating the festival since past 10 to 11 years. It has become an every year's affair for us now, and we enjoy it thoroughly. We started with the arrangements of the festival some two weeks back.Assembling the material for decoration of the jhaki is the major part. The jakhi this year will portray the Krishna aur Govardhan parvat \"My aunt will cook a variety of delicacies for the occasion. They will be served along with flavoured milk, fruits and dry fruits. There will also be bhajans sung by the family till 12 am.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15441344", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation proposes higher penalty for spitting, littering", "text": "PUNE: Dirtying the city could cost you dearly now. The Pune Municipal Corporation has decided to effect a steep rise in penalties for dirtying public places.As per the new proposal, the fine for spitting, as well as littering will go up from Rs 50 to Rs 200. Those taking a bath in the open will now be fined Rs 100, while those held for open defecation would be fined Rs 200 as against the old rate of Rs 50.People feeding animals in public places will also have to shell out Rs 500 from now on, and those washing vehicles in public places will be fined a steep Rs 1,000. People washing clothes in public places will have to pay a fine of Rs 200.\"Steps have been taken for effective implementation of a cleanliness drive in the city. If such actions are fined heavily, it will prove a deterrent. Otherwise many dirty the city by spitting or defecating on the roads and take it very casually. Heavy penalties will make people think twice before doing so,\" said Suresh Jagtap, head of the solid waste management department at the PMC.He said that the PMC has also introduced some new fines in addition to the raising the existing ones to prevent people from dirtying public places. The proposal has been sent to the law committee of the PMC and after getting their approval it will be tabled at the general body meeting and later implemented after the general body's nod.\"Right now there are no specific parameters or fines for most of the actions that make the city dirty. The introduction of news fines will ensure that the officials will have some powers to take action even in those cases such as people bathing or washing vehicles and clothes in the open,\" he said.Increase in finesAction Current Proposed* Spitting Rs 50 Rs 200* Littering Rs 50 Rs 200* Defecation Rs 50 Rs 200New finesAction Current Proposed* Bathing No fine Rs 100* Feeding animals No fine Rs 500* Washing vehicles No Fine Rs 1,000* Washing clothes No fine Rs 200", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15447756", "title": "Gautham to direct Asin", "text": "Director Gautham Menon began his career as an ad filmmaker assisting cameraman-turned-director Rajiv Menon. But after his debut Minnale he has been missing in the ad circuit.However, that stat is about to change as Gautham has been signed on by a soft drink major to do a TV commercial for them. And what's more, the ad will feature a heroine whom he would have rightly introduced if not for the project being dropped. we hear that Gautham was very reluctant to accept the project but the soft drink company insisted and finally persuaded the director to agree to it.The actress is none other than Asin, whom Gautham had earlier signed on for Chennaiyil Oru Mazhaikkalam in 2003. When that project fell through, he later cast her in the Telugu version of Kaakha Kaakha .Gautham will be shooting the ad in the backwaters of Kerala and is currently in God's Own Country scouting locales and preparing for the shoot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15440624", "title": "Janmashtami: People crowd Krishna temples across Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: All the Krishna temples in the city was packed with people on Friday as the city celebrated Krishna Janmashtami, the birth anniversary of Lord Krishna. The temples saw devotees of all age groups, especially the younger generation, visit temples to seek blessings of the lord on the occasion.The city's ISKCON temple was crowded from the morning itself. The temple held aarti and kirtan throughout the day.GC Khaund, one of the temple committee member and an ardent devotee said, \"The programme started at 4 am after which other poojas, aarti and rituals were carried on. The crowd is expected to swell in the evening as aarti will be held. The 'abhishek' will start at 8.30 pm and the midnight aarti will start at 11.30 pm.\"To ensure the safety of the devotees, proper security measures have been taken in the temple premise. \"The district administration has helped us a lot and we have deployed private security personnel too,\" he said.Some of the other temples have even taken out 'nagar sankirtan' or religious processions in the city. Gauriya Mission, a socio-cultural organization dedicated to the service of Lord Krishna took out a procession in the different parts of the city.Rishikesh Maharaj, one of the temple committee member and head priest said, \"Janmashtami is a festival which preaches unity and so through nagar sankirtan, we want to pay homage to the victims of the Kokrajhar riots.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15442737", "title": "From mason to granite baron", "text": "MADURAI: He started out as a measly mason in a nondescript village in Theni district in southern Tamil Nadu , but rose to become a granite export tycoon who now provides employment to hundreds. The meteoric rise of P Palanisamy, the granite baron who founded PRP Exports, is a typical rags to riches story, only that there are enough dark shades all along the path.Solid business acumen, shrewd moves and above all, the ways and means of wielding money power is what P Palanisamy is all about. Crispy white shirt-dhoti clad Palanisamy started his life as a mason in his native village near Andipatti in Theni district four decades ago. A third standard school dropout, he worked as a labourer in government schemes to lay slabs in irrigation channels.He soon started carrying out minor construction works and subsequently got a few projects in Melur and moved there in the 1980s. By 1990 he was one among the successful contractors in Melur.During 1993, Palanisamy got into the good books of a powerful politician who helped him win PWD contracts. \"He never entered into the granite industry by choice. He was filling his coffers as a contractor, but was blacklisted for fraud,\" says an informed source.In 1995, Palanisamy won a major contract to de-silt a check dam in Nanguneri, but it was ultimately found the he had committed fraud and was blacklisted. That was when he looked for an alternative business and ended up leasing a quarry in Melur.Palanisamy leased land and started quarrying with an investment of a little more than Rs 50 lakh along with his friend P Ramu. In no time, luck smiled on him. As Palanisamy struck gold with granite, he managed to outshine the then market leader R Subramanian, a monopoly in Madurai.\"His business acumen came to the fore at that time. He priced his product the lowest in the market. As customers made a beeline to his establishment, others started suffering losses and were forced to sell their quarries to Palanisamy. If anyone was unwilling to sell their quarry, he would buy the land surrounding the quarry leaving the area without any access route,\" says a retired police officer.Subsequently, he bought quarries in Thiruvathur, Idayapaptti and Ilanjipatti in Madurai and expanded to Thogamalai in Karur, Thuruthangal in Sivakasi and Pudukottai as well. He also bought a quarry in Andhra Pradesh but later sold it. He also bought his own trucks to transport granite slabs and started a massive factory for polishing granite. Now, PRP exports to several countries in Europe, USA, the Middle East, Australia, south east Asia, Russia and China. Though he was reaping money and politicians queued up to him, he maintained a low profile. His masterstroke perhaps was keeping an equidistance from both Dravidian parties. even as his company galloped in the growth graph.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15441177", "title": "Accident in Bokaro Steel Plant, worker killed", "text": "BOKARO: A contract worker died after falling from considerable height in Battery-IV of the coke oven in Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) here on Friday.According to sources, the victim, identified as Nizam Khan, was working at a 15-feet-height when the structure on which he was standing collapsed. Other workers rushed to the spot and found him lying dead on the ground. He sustained multiple injuries to his face and several machine parts pierced his body. Ansari was an employee of N P Construction and a resident of Ansari Mohalla. Rennovation work is underway in Coke Oven Battery-IV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15442133", "title": "Parents cremate Pallavi, seek strong action", "text": "Pallavi Purkayastha was cremated by her parents on Thursday evening. The senior bureaucrat, who arrived in Mumbai on Thursday afternoon, did not speak to the media. The father, Atanu Purkayastha, who is the joint secretary in agriculture ministry, met joint CP Himanshu Roy on Friday. In the meet, where he was accompanied by Pallavi's live-in partner Avik Sengupta, Atanu reportedly pressed Roy to ensure Pallavi's killer gets harsh punishment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15447451", "title": "Hrishita Bhatt's comeback", "text": "Sanjay Mishra feels very lucky as he has got first film in leading role in Streetact Productions 'Ammaa Ki Boli'. He is paired opposite Hrishita Bhatt in the movie.He is also getting a chance to shoot at four different sets for one romantic song. Late Mahmood was the only comedian actor who got special song in films.The song is picturised at filmistan studios in Goregaon West. Jojo Khan has choreographed the song.The film is written and lyrics is penned down by Sajan Agarwal and produced by Mukesh Choudhry and directed by Narayan Chauhan.The sequence of the song was shot at four different sets. Entire talky portion was shot at Bhopal .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15443296", "title": "Three more end life in separate incidents", "text": "NAGPUR: Besides that of Aruna Durgukar, city witnessed three more suicides, including by two teenage girls, in the last 24 hours in separate incidents.A Standard XI student Yogita Tiwari (18) ended her life by consuming poison at her Navin Babulkheda residence under Ajni police station on Thursday afternoon. Yogita consumed boric powder in her room while her mother was busy in kitchen and her father, Umakant, a driver with State Transport, had gone on duty. Around noon, Yogita's mother noticed her vomiting and rushed her to a nearby private hospital. She succumbed after a few hours. The police could not even record dying declaration as she remained critical.Family members did not give any reason to the police. No suicide note was found. Cops have registered a case of an accidental death.Another 18-year-old girl, Shilpa Kukde, hanged herself from the ceiling hook at her Timki residence under Tehsil police station on Thursday night. Shilpa was working as a salesgirl at a garment shop. Her family stated she was unwell on Thursday and hence had taken leave for the day. She declined to have dinner with family and chose to rest in the bedroom. Around 8 am, her mother noticed her body hanging when she went inside to call the daughter to have some food.The family members and neighbours rushed her to a hospital and doctors declared her brought dead. Tehsil police were alerted and a case of accidental death was registered. No suicide note was recovered from the room. Police suspect some personal reason behind the act.In the third incident, body of an unidentified man, in his 40s, was found floating in Gandhisagar lake under Ganeshpeth police on Friday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15440905", "title": "Primary teachers stage dharna demanding their 'legitimate rights'", "text": "SHILLONG: Hundreds of primary school teachers of the state staged a sit-in dharna near Raj Bhavan here on Friday to protest against the continued government apathy towards their \"legitimate rights\".Teachers from various schools gathered under the banner of the All Meghalaya Primary School Teachers' Association (AMPSTA) and voiced their grievances while demanding immediate implementation of various schemes for their lot. The teachers' body has been demanding head teacher allowance, thirty per cent arrears on the basis of the revised pay scale of 2007, regular disbursement of salary on a monthly basis, retirement benefits, advance increment of higher qualification, inclusion of teachers appointed by a former deputy inspector of schools and the administrators of schools as well as appointment of more staff in all the offices of sub-divisional school education officers.\"The government has been completely ignoring the welfare of primary school teachers in the state,\" said one of the agitating teachers. The demonstration affected the traffic flow of the already-congested city as several arterial roads were blocked with over 700 agitating teachers taking to the streets in protest against the state government's delay in conceding to their \"rightful demands\".The teachers also resolved not to go to education minister RC Laloo with their demands as they wanted the direct intervention of the chief minister. \"We will now write to the chief minister regardingg our demands since the education minister has not done anything yet,\" AMPSTA president and spokesperson Mitra Dutta said.She added that if the chief minister does not pay heed to their demands, they would not only boycott but also \"picket\" the Teachers' Day celebrations this year.Meanwhile, chief minister Mukul Sangma claimed that his government was trying to solve the problems afflicting the teaching community.On the delay of disbursement of salary, Sangma said this may not necessarily be the fault of the government as the school managing committees may also be facing problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15443367", "title": "Some successes give succour to cops", "text": "NAGPUR: The arrest of five persons and recovery of around 2.5kg gold in the Rs 1 crore theft case by Pachpaoli police has gone a long way in boosting the morale of the city police, including police chief Ankush Dhanvijay. Incidentally, the CP completes his second year at the helm of the department in Nagpur on Saturday.Though mastermind Dattaraj Bangre is still elusive, Pachpaoli police arrested Hirekant Chandpurkar from Bhandara on Friday and recovered 125 tola gold from him.Dhanvijay claimed Pachpaoli police will net the main accused at any moment now, as the cops have laid traps at various places. Last week, the city police had been jolted after Bangre decamped with valuables worth around 1 crore from the shop where he worked near Chambhar nullah.The incident took place when the city police were already facing criticism from various political parties and society over deteriorating law and order situation. Regular cases of housebreaking and street crimes too have shown cops in poor light.Even as a demand for change in the police department was sweeping across the city, senior inspector PV Bele's Pachpaoli police team got much needed success. The city cops had faced many disappointments, including the failure to nab fraudster Jayant Jhambre, who had sneaked away earlier this year after duping several citizens to the tune of a few crores.Though Jayant's wife Varsha was nabbed, police could not make a breakthrough in the case. In the latest move on Friday, police nabbed Jayant's elder brother Nitin and have asked him to deposit the 22 lakh he received from the sale of a disputed property.CP Dhanvijay admitted that chain-snatching had thrown a major challenge to him. \"Otherwise, going by the 15 years' statistics, crime rate is still under control in Nagpur,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15443622", "title": "Quiz, talks to test docs\u2019 diarrhoea knowledge", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The division of pediatric gastroenterology, PGI, is organizing continuous medical education (CME) on the common problems of acute and chronic diarrhoea in children on Sunday.The scientific deliberations will be in terms of short lectures, quizzes and panel discussions where all the delegates will be participating. CME will be very useful for practicing pediatricians, who can listen to experts from all over India. They will have the opportunity to clarify doubts regarding management / treatment and prevention of diarrhoea.According to Prof B R Thapa, organizing secretary, around 200 delegates will be attending the CME programme. This type of CME which is focusing on one problem, will be of immense help to the pediatricians of the region to treat the children suffering from diarrhoea effectively. Diarrhoea remains second largest killer disease in pediatric age group. In developing countries diarrhoea is responsible for two to five episodes in a child per year normally, whereas in the west it is uncommon. Outbreaks of acute diarrhoea are well-known in our country responsible for increased morbidity and mortality in children. Diarrhoea is responsible for 1.5 million deaths in South EastAsian countries under five years age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15443602", "title": "\u2018Wrong injection\u2019 kills 2-month-old", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Around a fortnight after the death of a schoolgirl, Anupama Sarkar, allegedly due to medical negligence, another kid lost his life at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), Sector 32, on Friday.The two-month-old, born prematurely, was on venitlator when he died allegedly after being administered an injection by a staff nurse, Pushpa Devi.His father, Rajeev Kumar from Mohali has lodged complaint against her. Rajeev stated that Dr Akshay had informed them that the kid's health was improving, but after the injection, it started deteriorating and the doctors declared him dead.Inspector Kirpal Singh, said a DDR was registered and the body would be handed over to the family after postmortem examination on Saturday.GMCH officials said a complaint has been received and matter is being investigated. However, an official, declining to be named said the child was critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad/nizamabad", "code": "15442419", "title": "Sugar price shoots up as cane crop suffers", "text": "HYDERABAD/NIZAMABAD: This festive season is going to be bitter as the sugar prices are rising steadily. A kilo sugar which used to cost Rs 30-35 couple of months ago now costs Rs 45 in the supermarkets. Merchants and market analysts do not rule out the possibility of the price going up by another Rs 5-7 per kg in the coming days.The rise in sugar prices is attributed to decrease in production of sugarcane crop, increased export orders and private corporates controlling the sugar market. According to the industry sources, sugarcane is grown in 1.41 lakh hectares in the state. But there has been more than 30 per cent drop in the area under sugarcane cultivation in recent times with a majority of farmers opting to cultivate other cash crops. The farmers complain that lack of minimum support price (MSP) for sugarcane and shortage of labourers is forcing them to switch over to profitable crops.The price in the wholesale market is expected to touch Rs 4,000 per quintal soon. \"This will put an additional burden of Rs 4-7 per kg on the consumer. Already, sugar is priced at Rs 45 a kg in the supermarkets,\" Kiran Dass, a kirana merchant, told TOI. Till a couple of months ago the wholesale sugar price was hovering at Rs 2,800 per quintal.Merchants blame the high VAT of 5 per cent for the increase in the price. To avoid paying high VAT, some traders are even buying sugar from neighbouring states of Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra, sources said. \"But there will be no respite from the high prices as the Centre itself had reduced the release of sugar quota,\" one of the traders pointed out.On the other hand, the farmers said that sugar is being purchased in bulk by multi-national companies, including cola majors, from big millers as importing sugar would be a costly affair for them. \"With a majority of the stocks gobbled up by these soft drink companies for use in the colas, the rates are shooting up all the time,\" Srinivas Pandit, a sugarcane farmer of Medak, told TOI.Farmer Y Saya Reddy of Mopal village in Nizamabad, which is sugarcane bowl of AP, said they were forced to shift to paddy and others crops because of lack of remunerative price for sugarcane. He said that farmers get two paddy yields in a year where sugarcane fetches only one crop in 12 months. Stating that cutting of sugarcane requires specialized expertise, he said workers were not showing interest in sugarcane cutting as they get good wages under the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme ( NREGS).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "15441261", "title": "Mumbai cops quiz Beed man close to Abu Jundal", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Mumbai crime branch police have picked up Beed resident Abdul Rafe Ansari for questioning because of his alleged proximity to Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal.Jundal was arrested by the Delhi police for his involvement in the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks. Rafe Ansari was picked up three days ago from Beed and taken to Mumbai for questioning.Police sources said that Rafe Ansari was in the Gulf between 2005 and 2008. During this period, he had allegedly come into contact with Ansari, one of the handlers of Pakistani terrorists who attacked Mumbai in November 2008.During interrogation Mumbai police got to know that Rafe Ansari, from Georai taluka in Beed district who had shifted to Beed, was in touch with Abu Jundal. After he returned from the Gulf in 2008, Rafe Ansari opened a stationery shop in Barshi Naka area of Beed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15443529", "title": "Vigilance raid unearths sale of fake drugs", "text": "KOCHI: The surprise raids conducted by the state vigilance and anti-corruption bureau at the offices of drug controllers and drug testing laboratories in the state on Friday unearthed large scale irregularities and sale of spurious drugs.The raids, code-named 'Operation Tablet', were conducted as per the direction of vigilance director Venugopal K Nair and were coordinated by vigilance ADGP N Shanker Reddy.According to officials, spurious drugs were being sold in the state under different brand names.\"We found test results of sample drugs were not submitted at the offices of the drug controllers in the state. We will get a clearer picture only after studying the final report from the officers. Preliminary probe points towards irregularities in collecting drug samples for tests and renewal of licences of various drug stores,\" said Reddy.He said it would take minimum two months for the department to prepare the report.Kochi: The surprise raids conducted by the state Vigilance and Anti-Corruption Bureau at the offices of drug controllers and drug testing laboratories in the state on Friday unearthed large scale irregularities and sale of spurious drugs.The raids, code-named \"Operation Tablet\", were conducted as per the direction of Vigilance director Venugopal K Nair and were coordinated by Vigilance ADGP N Shanker Reddy. According to officials, the operation followed the information that spurious drugs were being sold in the state under different brand names.\"We found test results of sample drugs lying pending at the offices of the drug controllers in the state. We will get a picture of the gravity of the situation only after studying the final report from the officers concerned. Preliminary probe point towards irregularities in collecting drug samples for tests and renewal of licences of various drug stores,\" said ADGP Shanker Reddy.He said that it would take minimum two months for the department to prepare the report", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15443439", "title": "A homecoming for hospitality biggies", "text": "BHOPAL: They were nostalgic. To many, it was like a heady feeling one gets on homecoming. After scaling heights in their career, the past and the present students of Institute of Hotel Management Catering Technology and Applied Nutrition met on Friday on the institute's premises at the alumni meet.\"I am coming to this institute after almost 20 years. It is incredible to meet the same friends, who were with me,\" said IHM first batch student Prem Yadav, who runs a chain of restaurants and bars in Hong Kong and other parts of the world.Going down the memory lane, Yadav said: \"IHM, Bhopal, is one of the premier institutes in the country honing skills of several talented students.\" A cultural extravaganza was also organized during the meet.G Pradeep, owner of Taste of India, is also the student of the first batch of IHM, Bhopal. \"I have been the regular visitor to IHM, Bhopal, as I belong to the city. But, this time the experience was different as I was meeting old pals and classmates,\" said Pradeep who was elected as the secretary of the newly-formed alumni association. Experiences left some students misty. \"This institute has not only given me the degree but also the life partner,\" said 1996 batch student, Rupesh Rai. He married Vandana, who was also present on the occasion. Thanking the teachers and faculties, Shilpa Rastogi turned emotional while recalling old days.\"I was struggling with a tumour. When my chances of survival were only 15%, faculties and friends supported me. It is because of their wishes that I survived,\" Shilpa Rastogi of 1998 batch said.A student of the 2004 batch, Jixi said such meets give an opportunity to meet old pals, which otherwise would not have been possible. On the occasion, a new team of alumni association was formed.According to training and placement officer Atul Gupta, Rajat Riyaz has been elected president of the new body. Pankaj Johri will be the vice-president and Aditya Raj Singh the joint secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15442490", "title": "Scrap dealers start moving", "text": "NASHIK: Scrap dealers at the market along Satpur-Ambad Link Road have voluntarily started removing their structures in wake of the SC order for their removal. Six scrap dealers out of 523, who have been given notice by the administration, have removed their encroachments so far.The market that had to be cleared by March 31 following the Bombay High Court order, got an extension of three months from the Supreme Court. The SC had ordered the scrap dealers to remove their constructions by July 9. Municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare on July 7 issued notice to the dealers to abide by the SC orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15442902", "title": "Rs 2.75cr wheat seized at Kolkata port", "text": "KOLKATA: Over 23,000 quintals wheat worth Rs 2.75 crore, meant for distribution among the poor, were seized from a Kolkata port godown on Friday, hours before being smuggled out to Bangladesh . The wheat was packed in 46,000 sacks, all having Food Corporation of India (FCI) logo, and kept in a private godown named LMG International under the south port police station area. This follows the seizure of 4,500 quintals of wheat meant for distribution through the fair price shops and worth Rs 50 lakh on July 28, hours before being shipped to Bangladesh.DCP (enforcement branch) Debabrata Das said: \"In the July 28 raid, 18 people were arrested. They were interrogated and we investigated all subsequent leads. The raids, this afternoon, was pursuing one such lead. It appears that after the earlier raid the racketeers abandoned their plans and stacked this huge quantity of wheat in a private godown before fleeing. FCI wheat isn't meant to be kept in private godowns.\"On July 28, thirty six trucks had left the FCI godown at Oriental Jute Mill in Budge Budge around 2pm. They were to deliver the wheat sacks at different flour mills, from where the flour was to be sent to fair price shops across the state. Instead, the trucks reached the port. The consignment was being transferred to Bangladeshi vessel Al Khan Jahan Ali II, when the officials of Kolkata Police's Enforcement Branch reached there.Food and civil supplies minister Jyotipriya Mullick had alleged that a section of flour mill owners are behind the racket. In Bengal, 750 grams of wheat is provided per person per week under the BPL and Antyodaya Anna schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15446004", "title": "Bus mishap in Himachal's Chamba district kills 40", "text": "SHIMLA: At least 40 people have been killed in Chamba district on Saturday when a private bus fell into a gorge near Rajera some 10 km from Chamba town. Initial reports suggest the driver of the overcrowded vehicle lost control of the wheel resulting in the mishap.The ill fated bus was overloaded with passengers and according to Chamba SP Kuldeep Sharma the death toll could rise further as many have sustained serious injuries while other bodies are yet to be traced in the gorge. He said search and rescue operation is on the area.According to sources, due to incessant rain in the area road was slippery and this could have resulted in the accident but exact cause could be established only once the mechanical investigation was completed.Chamba, one of the remote districts of Himachal Pradesh, witnesses frequent road accidents.Sharma said immediately after receiving information of the mishap, ambulances and rescue teams were rushed to the spots and doctors at Zonal hospital Chamba were put on alert to treat the injured patients on priority.\"Bodies of several people have been recovered. Rescue operation is still on,\" he added.The SP said how many passengers were travelling in the bus was not known yet. But in Chamba it was a common sight to see overcrowded buses plying on the roads, he added.Earlier in January this year, five people including two girls were killed when a car they were travelling in fell into Ravi river from a height of around 100 foot at Mehla area on Chamba-Bharmour road. While four occupants of the car died on the spot, fifth occupant was declared as brought dead by doctors.Concerned over the rising bus accidents in the state, Himachal Pradesh high court in November last year had directed the managing director, HRTC, SPs and regional transport officers of each district in the state to file separate affidavits as to the number of accidents in respective districts during the last two years and the investigation conducted in the matter.A division bench comprising Chief Justice Kurian Joseph and Justice Sanjay Karol passed these orders on a civil writ petition filed by one Ajay Kumar from Gumma alleging that thousands of buses are being plied by the private bus operators and HRTC in the state, out of which 30% buses were old and unfit and the authorities were sleeping over the matter.The petitioner also alleged that in general, a 32-seater bus was carrying 60-70 passengers while a 52 seater bus was carrying more than 120 passengers and the public was falling prey to such acts of the bus operators. He had also cited the example of a woman who was run over by a private bus near the high court in Shimla as a result of competition between two private buses.The court had also directed the managing director, HRTC, SPs and regional transport officers (RTOs) of each district in Himachal Pradesh to clarify in their affidavits whether the license of the drivers of the offending vehicles is suspended as required under Motor Vehicle Act and Rules pursuant to enquiry regarding the involvement of driver in accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15442607", "title": "Science train to pull into Chennai today", "text": "CHENNAI: From August 11 to August 15, how about taking some science lessons on a train? That's when the Science Express, Biodiversity Special, a mobile exhibition on a specially designed 16-coach AC train, will be stationed at Chennai Central.An initiative of the department of science and technology and the ministry of environment and forests, the exhibition will feature 10 biogeographic zones of India and exhibits on climate change and energy conservation. There will also be a Joy of Science Lab, where participants will get a chance to perform experiments in physics, chemistry, biology, electronics and mathematics.The Science Express has been running between June and December every year since 2007 and this year the theme is biodiversity. \"This is because 2011-2020 has been declared the United Nations Decade on Biodiversity and United Nations Decade for Deserts and the Fight against Desertification,\" says lab Raghav Pandya. The exhibition is free and will be open between 10am and 5pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15442731", "title": "Government likely to crack whip on govt officers in granite scam", "text": "MADURAI: Even as quarry owners are feeling the heat of the crackdown on illegal quarrying in Madurai district, the state government is likely to crack its whip on government servants, who were found to have connived with the quarrying mafia.Once the government is done with the ongoing inspections at the granite quarries in Madurai, the next move would be to question officials in the concerned departments about the violations that were detected.\"For now, the task is to assess the extent of illegal quarrying and the loss caused to the government exchequer because of it. But all those concerned would be questioned and would have to face the action. Connivance by few government officials cannot be ruled out. Even when we set out for the inspections and raids, we are careful about picking the official team to ensure secrecy,\" said a revenue official.In fact, former Madurai collector U Sagayam in his report to the industries that blew the whistle over illegal granite quarrying, stated that few government officials were acting hand in glove with the mining mafia.Prelude to the action against government officials was the shunting out of two village administrative officers from Melur taluk when the Madurai district administration launched the inspections nine days back.Officials would be facing the flak, not just for illegal quarrying, but also for letting the quarrying companies to encroach water bodies and pathways. Madurai collector Anshul Mishra has received complaints that PRP Exports alone had encroached 400 acres of water bodies and irrigation channels.At a meeting with PWD officials on Friday, Mishra questioned them whether they were aware of the encroachments. He then posed another question whether they had issued show-cause notices to the granite companies that had encroached.Senior bureaucrats strongly suspect that few government employees connived with the mining mafia and instructed the officials to collect evidences to nail them. \"We are yet to decide on the course of action against the government employees. We might issue show-cause notices and initiate action accordingly,\" said a senior revenue officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15445221", "title": "Police deny DMK permission to hold Eelam conference in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: After prolonged late night discussions, the Tamil Nadu police today denied permission to the DMK to organise a conference by the Tamil Eelam Supporters' Organisation, an outfit revived by DMK chief M Karunanidhi after nearly three decades. The denial of permission comes on the eve of the conference to be held in the city on Sunday. Police have cited various grounds for denying permission for the conference, preparations for which had begun more than two months ago.Police sources said the decision had been conveyed to the DMK following a late night meeting, chaired by the city commissioner J K Tripathy. The reason for refusing permission to hold the meet included the possibility of a huge turnout as against prescribed number by the organisers, which could lead to security concerns. Reacting to the news, Karunanidhi told reporters here, \"We will try till the end. We will hold the conference abiding by the law.\"The DMk chief has convened an emergency meeting at his Gopalapuram residence in the city in the morning to discuss the future course of action. Sources from the DMK say they might move the court immediately against the police decision. They also ruled out moving the meet outside Chennai since all the arrangements had already been made.\"It is impossible to shift the venue at this juncture. Our 'Thalivar' (leader Karunanidhi) will take appropriate decision\", a senior party leader told TOI. On Friday, soon after both the Centre and state made submissions in the Madras High Court placing hurdles for the DMK to conduct the conference, party chief Karunanidhi expressed confidence that police would cooperate with them.While hearing two petitions seeking denial of permission for the conference, a division bench of the Madras High Court directed the city police commissioner to take a decision after taking into account the capacity of the ground, safety and security of the inmates in the nearby Royapettah government hospital and the restriction on the use of loud speakers.The UPA government had made it clear to its DMK ally that it would have to drop any move to adopt a resolution demanding Eelam (a separate Tamil land in Sri Lanka ) and drop the word altogether from the conference title, 'Eelam Tamils Rights protection'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15447262", "title": "Special episode of 'Satyamev Jayate ka Safar' to be aired on Independence Day", "text": "As India prepares to celebrate its 65th year of independence, Star Plus is bringing to your homes a special episode of Satyamev Jayate to show how one TV series encouraged the society to question its mindset, free our minds of greed and open our eyes to apathy.Aamir Khan will return to anchor the episode, which details the story of 'Satyamev Jayate' and records accounts of how a television series whipped up winds of change over the course of 13 weeks.\"' Satyamev Jayate' was all about compelling stories that raised the bar for television programming and creating an experience for our viewers,\" Uday Shankar, CEO of STAR India. \"Such content is consistent with the philosophy of our network -- entertainment that's also food for thought. A steady stream of forward-looking content on Star is going a long way in making TV as a powerful medium that enables change.\"\"We will continue to unwaveringly focus on delivering programming that matches people's expectations from us,\" he said.'Satyamev Jayate ka Safar' will trace the journey of the 13 episodes, the impact it has had and revisit progress on each of the issues.As was the case with 'Satyamev Jayate' , this unique episode will be telecast on Wed. 15th August at 11 a.m. on Star Plus, Star Pravah, Star World, Star Jalsha and Doordarshan and on Star Vijay, Asianet and ETV on 19th August.Aamir Khan will share heartwarming stories of change from all over the country. He will share India's response to the various questions posed at the end of each episode with viewers as well as give details of all the donations collected for the various NGOs.'Satyamev Jayate' generated an unprecedented 1 billion impressions online. The show received a staggering 1.4 crore responses from people, not only in India, but from all over the world through SMS, social media, the show's website, emails, letters and IVR. In addition, it received more than Rs. 8 crore in donations! Indeed, the show has been a catalyst of change, touching everyone from the common man to the Government machinery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15443597", "title": "Graft: Former Kozhikode council in the dock", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Vigilance and Anti-Corruption Bureau (VACB) here has registered two cases before the vigilance inquiry commissioner and special judge V Jayaram on Friday in connection with the corruption charges levelled against the previous corporation council headed by M Bhaskaran, according to VACB north zone SP, P Habeeb Rahman.One among the cases is regarding the alleged irregularities found in the preparation of the city development plan (CDP) for the inclusion of the civic body in the Union government-funded Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Rural Mission (JNNURM). Former mayor M Bhaskaran and secretary Vijayakumar have been named in this case. The probe team is reported to have found irregularities in hiring the consultancy firm for the preparation of the CDP. The corporation had hired Kochi-based EMP Planners and Designers, violating the norms of the Kerala Municipality Building Rules and the Union government.The probe also found that the contract to prepare the CDP was awarded to the agency without obtaining the approval from the state government which is mandatory under the Kerala Municipality Act. The civic body failed to get included in the JNNURM scheme because the CDP was prepared without following the stipulated norms of the central government, it is alleged.The second case pertains to the renting out of space to the Punjab National Bank for setting up an ATM at the corporation office. The bank was awarded space below the market value, it is alleged. Former mayor Bhaskaran, present deputy mayor P T Abdul Latheef who was also the deputy mayor in the previous council and former corporation secretary Vijayakumar have been named in this case.The vigilance inquiry commissioner had ordered a probe into these allegations in December, 2011 after K P Vijayakumar, the convener of the campaign committee against corruption, filed a complaint in the court.Meanwhile, VACB director Venugopal K Nair has also directed the vigilance team to conduct a detailed probe into rest of the 42 allegations against the former council and submit the report at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15443419", "title": "Cops probe woman\u2019s suicide", "text": "COIMBATORE: All Woman Police Station in Pollachi is investigating the suicide of a 22-year-old woman, who was married for two years, on Thursday. She had hanged herself at her residence in Jothi Nagar.\"We are collecting further details about the married couple and their relationship after marriage. There are indications the deceased had some tiff with her mother-in-law and other relatives,\" said C P Saraswathy, Inspector, AWPS, Pollachi. According to the police Chithra Devi from Manamadurai in Sivaganga district, was married to Balaji on January 18, 2010. The couple has a one-year-old baby girl. The victim's family at the time of marriage had given about 25 sovereigns of gold ornaments, two lakh in cash and also family property registered under Chithra's name. She was found hanging inside her husband's house on Thursday. \"The property, which was registered under Chithra's name, has been transferred to her husband's sister name,\" a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15443237", "title": "A 'super antibody' jab to cure flu", "text": "WASHINGTON: In a breakthrough, scientists claim to have discovered a 'super antibody' against flu, offering hope of a universal jab to treat the infection.Scientists at The Scripps Research Institute and Crucell Vaccine Institute in the Netherlands identified three human antibodies which protect against the influenza B strain and one, called CR9114, which also protects against the more common and serious influenza A virus.The jab could be used in severe infections or to protect hospital staff during an outbreak.\"To develop a truly universal flu vaccine or therapy, one needs to be able to provide protection against influenza A and influenza B viruses, and with this report we now have broadly neutralizing antibodies against both,\" structural biologist professor Ian Wilson , said. \"It is the only one in the world we know of that has been found to do this,\" Wilson said.Wilson and co researchers generated a large collection of flu antibodies from the immune cells of volunteers who had been given a seasonal jab, the Scripps Research Institute statement said.They then screened them to find those that could bind to a wide variety of influenza B viruses.Three of the antibodies - known as CR8033, CR8071 and CR9114 - protected mice against normally lethal doses of the two major strains.CR9114 also fought off influenza A viruses, including the the lethal H1N1 subtype. \"The unique thing about these two antibodies is they neutralize flu viruses chiefly by preventing virus particles from exiting infected cells,\" Dr Nick Laursen, a research associate in Wilson's laboratory, said.Scientists believe it is a major step forward in developing a long-term \"cure\" rather than an annual winter vaccination for flu.\"It prevents the hemagglutinin protein from undergoing the shape-change needed for the virus to fuse to the outer membrane of a host cell,\" said study lead author Dr Cyrille Dreyfus. \"This appears to be a real weak point of the virus,\" Dreyfus said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15443399", "title": "Chennai Port Trust woos Coimbatore trading companies", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Chennai Port Trust (ChPT), which is getting into containerisation in a big way, will set up a marketing cell and a help desk in the city to increase its share in shipments from the region. It is also ready to offer volume-based discounts, storage and stevedoring (loading and unloading) facilities for exporters and importers in the region.With several private container train operators commencing container train services from Chennai to other parts of the state, the export-import trade in Coimbatore can get easier, ChPT chairman Atulya Mishra said. ChPT officers would be available in the city on the first Monday of every month to address trade related issues, he said.\"The export products from Coimbatore can be easily containerised,\" he said. ChPT would also be able to offer better road connectivity once the elevated expressway and four-lane highways being constructed are completed. Nearly 70% of the work in these projects is over, he said.About 350 containers of cargo are sent to the Chennai Port every month from Coimbatore. This can go up to 1,000 tonnes, said R Rajesh Kumar, president, Coimbatore Custom House and Steamer Agents' Association. \"There is a huge potential (from Coimbatore) and volumes can increase manifold,\" Mishra said. More than 500 items are being exported from Coimbatore and there are over 300 registered exporters, said R R Balasundharam, president, Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Coimbatore.With a rake having 64 containers, the rail transport option would need substantial patronage from the local trade, officials said. \"Connectivity is an issue. But the road projects connecting the port are now being fast-tracked and would be completed soon. Getting into the port would not be difficult in 3 to 4 months,\" ChPT officials said. \"We can get 3-4 rakes per week from Coimbatore,\" they added.The Chennai Port was the major export terminal for the region till the early 90s. However, it lost out its prime position to other ports over a period of time. But with the ChPT shedding dirty and break bulk cargo, it is now trying to win back patronage from the trade and industry in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15442475", "title": "Search on for one in stadium collapse case", "text": "CHENNAI: The Kancheepuram police are searching for Anna Durai, a trustee of the Sathyabhama University, which runs Jeppiaar College of Engineering at Kunnam village near Sunkuvarchatram, where 10 workers died in a wall collapse at a stadium under construction on Monday. Police said Annadurai was in-charge of the ongoing construction works at the college.Police arrested Sathyabama University vice-chancellor Jeppiaar on Thursday in connection with the same case. Earlier, police registered cases under IPC Sections 304 (ii) and 308 against Jeppiaar Institute of Technology director Marie Wilson, 34, construction engineer Arul Jaya Abrose, 28, construction engineer Rajkumar, 28, and manpower agent Sadanandan, 32. They were arrested and remanded in judicial custody in Vellore Central prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "pudukkottai", "code": "15442693", "title": "Woman cop caught taking bribe", "text": "PUDUKKOTTAI: Sleuths of the directorate of vigilance and anti-corruption (DVAC), Pudukkottai on Thursday caught a woman sub-inspector (SI) red-handed while she was accepting a bribe.C Isaivani, an SI with the liquor prohibition wing, was arrested by a team led by DVAC inspector Uma Maheswaran in Aranthangi, when she was receiving the bribe of Rs 5,000 from Balasekar, an accused in an illicit liquor sale case.According to the police, Balasekar was a resident of Rayapuram in Pudukkottai district. A case was registered against him in 2002, but he was not arrested by the police for a long time. The court had issued a non-bailable warrant against him sometime ago. However, he constantly escaped from arrest. At this juncture, he sought help from Isaivani to protect him.Isaivani allegedly advised him to surrender before the court instead of getting arrested. By doing so, he could easily get bail from the court. However, she allegedly asked him for a bribe of Rs 5,000, for not arresting him. Though Balasekar initially agreed to give the amount, he later lodged a complaint with the DVAC against her.Based on his complaint, the DVAC police laid a trap. Isaivani was arrested after Balasekar handed over chemically-treated cash of Rs 5,000 to her, late on Thursday night. She was arrested and lodged in Central prison, Trichy after being produced in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15449140", "title": "Sooraj goes blindfolded in Diya Aur Baati\u2026", "text": "Viewers of Shashi-Sumeet Mittal's 'Diya Aur Baati Hum' on Star Plus' should gear up to witness high dose of drama.In tonight's maha episode Sooraj (Anas Rashid) will face one of the biggest challenges of his life.Sooraj is currently competing with some of the best cooks, in an international cooking competition held in Singapore. He managed to reach the final round surpassing all his competitors however he will soon face one of the biggest hurdles of the competition. Sooraj who is a vegetarian will be asked to cook a non-vegetarian food.But Sooraj will not lose hope and will come up with an innovative idea. Sooraj will cook his dish blind-folded during the final round of cooking competition in Singapore.When contacted Anas Rashid said, \"My character Sooraj is a pure vegetarian and when despite of repeated requests, the organizers refuse to give him a vegetarian dish to cook, he is forced to make a non-vegetarian dish. So he blindfolds himself and decides to cook without looking at the raw chicken,\"The sequence will be a part of one hour special maha -Episode and will be telecast tonight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15443566", "title": "Petrol bunks alerted against bike-borne thieves", "text": "KOCHI: Police have asked petrol bunks situated in isolated spots in the city to be wary of motorcycle-borne thieves who target money carried by the staff at the bunks.The alert was sounded after two youths on a motorcycle tried to snatch money bags from the staff at four petrol bunks in the city. A police team led by Thrikkakara sub-inspector Abdul Sathar has launched an investigation to track the culprits who hit the bunks between 12.30am and 2.30am on Thursday.\"They first targeted two petrol bunks in Edapally. Later, they made an attempt at a bunk in Thrikkakara and then at Kalamassery. However, their attempts went in vain as the alert staff in these bunks resisted, forcing the culprits to retreat,\" said Sathar.Police have collected visuals of the bike riders from the footage recorded by a surveillance camera installed in one of the bunks. \"We are analyzing the visuals and have zeroed in on certain suspects,\" the SI said.Police have also directed petrol bunks to install surveillance cameras on the premises. Alex Vallakallil, president, All Kerala Federation of Petroleum Traders, said they had requested petroleum companies to fund a part of the money required to install cameras.\"Petrol bunks which function at nights face many risks. We have asked members of the federation to be on the alert and have requested police to strengthen surveillance in the vicinity of the bunks at night,\" said Alex. \"Usually petrol bunks don't keep large sums. Money is either deposited in banks or shifted to safer locations during the day. But they keep some cash for functional purposes,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15442630", "title": "State relief for buses owned by schools", "text": "NASHIK: The state home department has amended rules for buses owned by schools by allowing them to run until they are 20 years old instead of the current stipulation which allows buses to have a maximum age of 15 years.\"Any bus, owned by a school, can now be deployed in the service till it completes 20 years of age, as against the 15 year-norm. This has been allowed through the amendments to Motor Vehicles (Regulations for School Buses) Rules 2011,\" a senior official from Regional Transport Office (RTO) said.The amendments, published by home department have relaxed rules for some issues, while they have become more stringent in other areas.The rule likely to face opposition is the one that requires hard top autorickshto have closed doors if the vehicle ferries students. \"Autorickshaws which have a hard top will only be allowed to transport students provided the vehicle has protective doors. This is one rule, we believe, will meet with objections from such autorickshaw operators,\" the official said.Another amendment made is the non-compulsion to have an attendant in vehicles carrying less than 12 children. \"The vehicles with a 12-seat capacity do not require an attendant on board other than the driver. Student passengers in such vehicles will be managed by the driver himself,\" the official said.Autorickshaw operators expressed their reservation over the special treatment meted out to buses and 12-seat vehicles. \"We will be agitating against the norms and present our say to the RTO,\" said Sampat Kale, a member of the autorickshaw union at Bhadrakali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15441330", "title": "More women from Pune seeking help to tackle alcohol addiction", "text": "PUNE: More women from the city are taking up therapy and sharing of experiences to tackle their alcohol addiction by joining 'Women in Sobriety', the fellowship group of Alcoholic Anonymous (AA).Members have gone up from two to 16 in the eight years since its inception, indicating that more women are seeking help to overcome addiction. On the downside, permanent members said, women who attend the meetings do not stay on. They tend to leave after sharing and therapy, the two processes that they should continue with for life.A regular member of the group, who did not want to be identified, said, \"The number of women coming to our group is increasing, but the rate is slower than that of men in Alcoholic Anonymous (AA). The taboo attached to women drinking prevents them from opening up. Many families send women members addicted to alcohol for our meetings. But once she kicks the habit, the family feels that she should stop attending the meetings. It does not work that way.\"The figures are telling. \"Every year, we have two or three women coming for sharing, but they leave. We also have women from a local rehabilitation centre coming to our Sunday meetings every week. Rehab is an intervention for a short period of time. Once these people are out, they have to get back to their routine and simultaneously maintain sobriety. Here, AA meetings come into play, as regular members here equip the newcomers with tools to maintain sobriety and healthy relationships,\" she said.Women attending the group for sharing and therapy should continue with it. \"Alcoholism is a disease. Like a diabetic remains one forever, alcoholism stays in alcoholics forever. The moment they give in to bingeing, they are back to square one. Uncontrollable drinking is perhaps the biggest weakness of an alcoholic, who wants more and more until he/she passes out. Hence, it is imperative to attend AA meetings for life,\" she said.Meeting todayMeanwhile, AA has organized a public awareness meeting in the city at the Ganesh Kala Krida Rangmanch on Saturday. Ashish Deshpande, a medical practitioner and a trustee of AA, who had participated in Aamir Khan's television show, will be the chief speaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15448071", "title": "Nursing council raises objection over Maharashtra government's show cause notice", "text": "Mumbai: Maharashtra Nursing Council has decided to take on the state government for issuing show cause notice to the body.President of the council, Ramlinga Mali stated that government has issued show cuase notice to the council with a malafide intention. \"The notice is null and void according us as the reasons cited in the order have already been heard by the Nagpur bench of the Bombay High Court. Despite this if government is again issuing notice to the council, we will file appropriate reply.\"On Auguts 8, the state medical education minister Dr Vijaykumar Gavit's office issued a show cause notice asking the council why no action should be taken against the body for irregularly sanctioning new nursing colleges and courses.According to the medical education department 751 \"illegal\" nursing institutes have been given permission by the council, that too without approval of the medical education department and Indian nursing council.The council is governed by a 31-member body including 21 elected and seven ex-officio members and four government nominees. On several occasion the issue of irregularities in the functioning of the council has been raised by the Shiv Sena-BJP legislators during the state legislature session, following which the government had assured action against the council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15443098", "title": "Hubli Dharwad Municipal Corporation-run info kiosks are a dud", "text": "HUBLI: The setting up of kiosks to disseminate information about civic services and about north Karnataka has failed to serve the purpose.HDMC had in 2008-09 installed kiosks at prime locations to keep the common man informed about the twin cities and north Karnataka, its services and facilities, nearby tourist places (complete with map).It cost Rs 8.61 lakh for the civic body to install seven kiosks at airport, the commissioner's office in Hubli and Dharwad, and its zonal offices. But most of them are defunct in the last eight months. Reason: no update of info in the last two years.Data needing updations include the names of officers of various departments, list of zonal officers, services relating to tax, revenue and other departments, water tariff, property tax, contact numbers of departments, the names of elected representatives.\"Lack of updations has prompted HDMC to stop the service of kiosks,\" said a zonal officer, on condition of anonymity.\"We get disturbed while working when people repeatedly ask about updated information at the kiosks set up at our zonal offices. We thought of stopping the functioning of kiosks as the data has not been updated in the last two years. But we will resume their services once the data is updated,\" he added.When contacted, mayor Pandurang Patil said the work of updating has been outsourced to a Bangalore-based IT company.\"We have asked them to keep all the kiosks updated. But it is not happening. I will remind them about this so that updation is done at the earliest,\" he added.\"According to the data in kiosks, Venkatesh Mestri is still the mayor, even though his term has ended two years ago. Also, the contacts of many offices and the names of officers are wrong. HDMC should update the data for the benefit of people,\" said Guru Joshi, a businessman, highlighting the urgency to do the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15443495", "title": "Enforcement Directorate to open sub-zonal office in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: With the number of cases relating to money laundering and foreign exchange violations going up in Madhya Pradesh, the Enforcement Directorate (ED) is planning to open a sub-zonal office in Bhopal- the second one in the state after Indore.The Indore sub-zonal office is understaffed and is under tremendous pressure to finish investigations into several cases. The centre is presently investigating about 60 cases relating to prevention of money laundering act ( MPLA ) and foreign exchange management act ( FEMA ), official said.ED's Indore office would look after western MP while the proposed Bhopal office will take care of rest of the state.\"A sub-zonal office of ED with 32 staffers would be opened in Bhopal in this fiscal,\" a top ED official told TOI. \"Our director has already permitted for setting up office in the state capital,\" he added. The sub-zonal office is going to be headed by an officer of the rank of deputy director. \"It will have three assistant directors, six enforcement officers and as many assistant enforcement officers besides other staff,\" he said. The proposed sub-zonal office would come under the zonal office based in Ahmedabad. Right now, Indore and Ahmedabad sub-zonal offices were functioning under that zonal office. The ED team from Indore was often coming to Bhopal and its adjoining districts for investigating various cases. Under a case of PMLA going on against suspended IAS couple Arvind Joshi and Tinoo Joshi, the ED officials had visited many parts of the states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15446029", "title": "Deepika to star opposite SRK in Chennai Express", "text": "Actress Deepika Padukone will be seen opposite Shahrukh Khan in Rohit Shetty's 'Chennai Express'.\"Deepika is part of 'Chennai Express'. She has been finalised,\" sources close to the project told PTI.It was opposite SRK in 'Om Shanti Om ' that the model-turned actress made her debut in Bollywood.Lot of names like Kareena Kapoor , Katrina Kaif and Priyanka Chopra were floating around for the leading lady of this film, which will go on floors from the end of September and would release mid-next year.'Chennai Express ' tells the story of a man (Shahrukh) who travels from Mumbai to Rameshwaram and what happens during the journey forms the movie.Interestingly, this is for the first time that Shetty would be working without his close buddy Ajay Devgn, with whom he has done eight films. It is for the first time that he would be teaming up with Shahrukh and Deepika.Despite repeated attempts, Rohit remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15449059", "title": "Stalker harasses woman online, cops look out for him", "text": "New Delhi: It's been three long years but for a Northwest Delhi based woman, there is no end to troubles from her stalker. The accused, who was allegedly arrested in 2009 by the Delhi police for allegedly raping and extorting money from the woman, seems to be back in business after coming out on bail. This time he has reportedly gone the online way - by creating fake profiles to uploading a fake marriage certificate on the internet.The police swung into action and registered a fresh criminal case against the accused, who is a native of Faridabad.As per police records and her statement, the accused stalker had befriended her in 2006 and since then has allegedly been after her life. Situation turned such that the man forced her into having physical relations with him which graduated to blackmailing and even extorting money from her.\"In 2009, the victim approached the police and reported the matter. The man was arrested under appropriate sections of IPC and sent to judicial custody. The accused was granted interim bail in 2010 end and since then has been out on bail,\" said a source.After his release from jail the accused resorted to troubling her, the victim has alleged. In her statement to the cops, she said, \"The man has been calling me and my family members incessantly and threatening with dire consequences. After that he created a fake profile in my name and went to the extent of adding my cousins and even me! The fake ids carry private photographs related to me which are not supposed to be in public domain.\"Not only that, the accused even went further and allegedly created two fake profiles on facebook in the name of two women with her surname and posted malicious content on them, she alleged in her statement.And if this did not bring enough trouble, the accused allegedly went on and uploaded their fake marriage certificate on the social networking site.The victim has approached the police with the request that the cyber cell may contact facebook and get the fake profiles removed as they are tarnishing her image and her marriage is at stake.A source said that the cops were trying to trace the suspect's IP address so that his location can be ascertained. The victim has also provided the cops with the suspect's phone numbers and address. A case under 66 IT act has been registered and the crime branch is probing the matter.As per figures by the National Crime Record Bureau, cyber crimes have witnessed a steep rise in the recent times. This year they have witnessed around 1700 per cent as compared to last years. The cops had registered just two cases in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15443567", "title": "Multi-level parking for metro stations", "text": "KOCHI: A study by Cusat's School of Management Studies (SMS) has proposed the integration of multi-modal transport systems for Edappally and Vyttila. This possibility was highlighted keeping in mind the future parking needs in these areas. The study said Edappally and Vyttila would see commuters using all three modes of transport to enter and exit the city. So parking areas at metro stations should be designed in such a way that they can serve as multi-level parking lots over a period of 20 years.SMS director P R Wilson divided the stations into three different categories after analyzing parking needs. Keeping in view the land acquisition problems, the study has proposed the use of vacant land.In many places, parking areas will come up in areas in and around the station to ensure maximum passenger comfort. But in some stations like Companypadi, South and Pettah, parking area will be away from the stations because of the non-availability of vacant land. In such cases, exclusive pedestrian-friendly walkways could be provided to access the station, the study said.The first category will include intersecting points like terminal locations and big stations like Kalamassery, Edappally, Palarivattom, Kaloor and Kadavantra. These stations need more parking space as they connect various parts of the city.In the non-intersecting category, stations like Cochin University, Pulinchodu, Changampuzha Park, Kaloor Stadium need more space while Ambattukavu, Muttam, Maharajas Ground and Elamkulam require lesser parking space.The study analyzed the ridership of all 22 stations and assessed the possible number vehicles that need parking space along the Aluva- Pettah Metro Rail corridor. As part of the study, SMS prepared the parking centre layout with a traffic circulation plan for each station.\"We need to study the report to finalize how much land is required for the project. Parking is an integral part of MRTS. The report will help us develop a comprehensive parking plan,'' said Kochi Metro Rail Limited MD Tom Jose. The study was based on field survey that had around 1,100 respondents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441599", "title": "\u2018More\u2019 travel card launch in Delhi today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two years after the Delhi government tried to introduce a common fare card for all forms of public transport in the city, the ministry of urban development is launching the 'More' card. Tipped as a cashless means of travel through a city, the card will be a single point of transaction, applicable in state buses, Metro and even parking.The card will be launched on Saturday, initially acting as a common card for the Delhi Metro and its feeder buses.\"The More card will be available for sale from Saturday and can be used both in the Delhi Metro and feeder buses. Like the Delhi Metro smart card, the More card can be purchased from Rs 50 onwards,\" said a Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) official.Incidentally, the More card is designed to be used across the country. \"It will increase the popularity and acceptability of public transport nationally,\" said an urban development ministry official. As part of the national common mobility card (NCMC), the ministry will also try to push for installation of parking meters in all metro cities, added ministry officials.Officials however, said that in the beginning, More card will be used only in Delhi Metro and feeder buses. The government is planning to integrate it with Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC) as well. In fact, the UD ministry's announcement could finally do what the Delhi government hasn't been able to for the past few years: get the fare collection system of the state transport agency, DTC, digitized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15448445", "title": "US for-profit colleges low on academics, high on profit: Senate Report", "text": "New Delhi: Planning to go to US for studies? Better check this out first: a two-year long investigation of 30 top for-profit colleges by the US Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labour and Pensions has shown that these colleges sucked up over $32 billion from the Federal government but in 2008-09, 54% students (nearly 500,000) left their institution within a median 4 months - without any degree or diploma. Among 2-year Associate degree-seekers, 63 percent of students departed without a degree.The vast majority of the students left with student loan debt that may follow them throughout their lives, and can create a financial burden that is extremely difficult, and sometimes impossible, to escape, said the report published last week.\"In this report, you will find overwhelming documentation of exorbitant tuition, aggressive recruiting practices, abysmal student outcomes, taxpayer dollars spent on marketing and pocketed as profit, and regulatory evasion and manipulation,\" said Senator Tom Harkin, chairman of the Senate Committee, in a statement.\"These practices are not the exception \u2014 they are the norm. They are systemic throughout the industry, with very few individual exceptions,\" he said.In the US, small independent for-profit colleges have a long history, but as the investigation found, by 2009, 76 percent of all for-profit college students were enrolled in institutions owned by listed companies or private equity forms. In other words, they were being run as any business, with profit as the key goal.So, these colleges encourage non-traditional students, including those from poorer backgrounds to take student loans from the government and join up. For this purpose they employed 35,202 recruiters compared with 3,512 career services staff and 12,452 support services staff, more than two and a half recruiters for each support services employee, the report revealed.At a press conference held by Harkin for the report release recently, Laura Brozek, a former recruiter for ITT Technical Institute, a for-profit institution, said that their recruiting pitch involved such techniques as the \"pain funnel\" used to \"demoralize potential applicants by discussing their life's shortcomings in order to have them enroll, where their life would improve.\"Expecting that money would solve all their 'problems', students would either take loans or use parents' savings to enroll, only to find that the problems do not go away like that.The Harkin Report said that for-profit colleges had exorbitant fees - for a bachelor's degree, they charged 20 percent more than a flagship public university. For an associate degree program the fees were four times and for certificate courses costs were four and a half times the cost at comparable community colleges.Internal documents, interviews with former employees, and Government Accountability Office (GAO) undercover recordings demonstrate that many companies used tactics that misled prospective students with regard to the cost of the program, the availability and obligations of Federal aid, the time to complete the program, the completion rates of other students, the job placement rate of other students, the transferability of the credit, or the reputation and accreditation of the school, the report said.For-profit colleges gather contact information of prospective students, or \"leads,\" by paying third party companies known as \"lead generators\" that specialize in gathering and selling the information, the report said. Among the 62 lead generators used by companies analyzed, the cost per lead ranged between $10 and $150. Lead generators advertise themselves as a free, safe, and reliable way to get information about college, but their websites generally direct students only to schools and programs that pay them, and have a history of engaging in online marketing using aggressive and misleading methods, according to the report.In a severe indictment of the profit greed of the companies that run these colleges, the Harkin report revealed that they spent $4.2 billion or 22.7 percent of all revenue on marketing, advertising, recruiting, and admissions staffing while only $3.2 billion, or 17.2 percent was spent on instruction. Additionally, the CEOs of the publicly traded, for-profit education companies took home, on average, $7.3 million in 2009. In contrast, the five highest paid leaders of large public universities averaged compensation of $million, while the five highest paid leaders at nonprofit colleges and universities averaged $3 million.Senator Harkin said that self-reporting and peer review process for accreditation had been compromised \"manipulation by companies that are more concerned with their bottom line than with academic quality and improvement\". State oversight of for-profit education companies has eroded over time due to a variety of factors, including State budget cuts and the influence of the for-profit college industry with State policymakers, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15442431", "title": "Air traffic to triple by 2020, but Mumbai not ready", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai's air traffic is poised to treble in eight years, but its infrastructure is unlikely to keep pace. A recent report by the Center for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA) said Mumbai would face a serious challenge in dealing with the rise in passenger traffic between 2011 and 2020. The city airport will be severely constrained at least three to four years before the Navi Mumbai airport comes up. \"The (existing) airport will hit its optimum capacity of 40 million passengers annually once the new integrated terminal is operational next year. However, after that, growth will stagnate due to the delay in the Navi Mumbai airport,\" a Mumbai airport official said. The Navi Mumbai airport was initially planned to be operational by 2014 -15, but could not get environmental clearances as much of it fell in the CRZ (Coastal Regulation Zone) area.The clearances came in 2011 and now the tendering process awaits clearance from the ministry of civil aviation. Work is likely to start by mid-2013.A Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd official said Mumbai's air traffic will probably touch about 85 million passengers annually by 2025. Currently, the city handles 30.74 million passengers per year. However, this growth may not necessarily receive a corresponding infrastructural boost due to shortage of land, a major prerequisite for expansion.An independent analyst said space in bigger cities is constantly shrinking. \"This is why the second airport in Mumbai is being pushed to Navi Mumbai, where a transport infrastructure also has to be developed along with the airport. Many airports like Patna, or even those in Uttar Pradesh, will reach saturation,\" the analyst said. \"The slow process of granting clearances will cost the aviation industry and economy dear,\" he added. The report also said several non-metro airports are land-constrained, which limits the opportunities for city-side development. These include Agatti, Agra, Bhubaneshwar, Chandigarh, Dehradun , Goa, Jammu, Port Blair and Pune.The report also said passenger traffic in India is likely to grow from 143 million in 2010-11 to around 452 million in 2020-21, while the airline fleet, which currently comprises 430 aircraft, will grow to 1,030 aircraft by the end of the decade. It said the growth in domestic passengers from 2001-11 has been three times that of the previous 50 years. From a few millions in 1991-2001, the number of domestic passengers has surged to almost 75 million in 2001-2011. In the next decade, it is likely to be around 250 million. \"The growth projections for India are staggering, but they are not without precedent. China's airport traffic grew from 134 million to 564 million passengers in the decade from 2000 to 2010. India reached a similar base of 143 million passengers in 2010 and we are projecting traffic of 452 million by 2020, slightly slower growth than was achieved in China. This rate of growth will require huge investment in airports and other infrastructure, but the analysis indicates that India is currently under-prepared to meet these challenges,\" said Kapil Kaul, CEO, Indian subcontinent and West Asia, CAPA.The aviation industry will need a huge investment of around $40 billion for airport development by 2025. In the 12th Five-Year Plan, the estimated investment in the airport sector is only $21.7 million. This may be further brought down by a slowing economy. Land scarcity is another major challenge that most airports in the metros will face. \"Navi Mumbai and Nagpur airports have been held up because of protracted negotiations on the fair market price for the required land parcels. In the case of Navi Mumbai acquisition costs are set to increase to $1 billion, a figure which could impact the project viability,\" the report states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15442845", "title": "DGP tells officers to check crimes against women", "text": "KOLKATA: State DGP Naparajit Mukherjee on Friday said police superintendents and commissioners in the state must take firm action in cases of violence against women.On being asked whether there is a spurt in such cases or the officials are not performing up to the mark, Mukherjee said: \"I don't have figures with me now. And I am not going to answer it.\"The figures \u2014 for all states and union territories \u2014 however, were recently released by the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) and it showed that West Bengal topped the list of crimes against women in 2011. The state accounted for 12.7% of such crimes committed in the country, with 29,133 cases of crime in 2011. The NCRB figures for 2010 had put the cases of crime against women in Bengal at 26,125.Rape cases in Park Street, AJC Bose Road and Katwa have been reported in recent times, as were incidents of molestation.Mukherjee, meanwhile, expressed concerns over the \"unfortunate cases\" of violence against women that took place in Asansol, Howrah and Birbhum recently. \"DMs and police commissioners have been asked to take the strongest possible action and see it does not happen in future,\" the state DGP said.He cited a case in Hooghly's Gurap in 2010, in which the accused had, two days ago, been sentenced to ten years' imprisonment by the Hooghly sessions court. \"The accused have to be caught, chargesheeted and there must be trial and punishment,\" he added.He also expressed anguish over the murder of Pallavi Purkayastha \u2014 the daughter of a Bengal cadre IAS officer Atanu Purkayastha \u2014 in Mumbai. \"We are worried over such incidents and hope these won't recur. The tragedy with our colleague is indeed very sad,\" Mukherjee said.The DGP also appealed to those, who were recently released from prisons following discussions with the rights body Bandi Mukti Committee, not to engage themselves in illegal activities again.He said the government does not mean to keep people in prisons without trials, but added, \"We are keeping close eye on those, who were recently released and are getting involved in illegal activities. Some organizations are instigating them. This won't be tolerated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15442915", "title": "Nigerian duo held for fraud", "text": "KOLKATA: The city police's anti-bank fraud section arrested two Nigerians in Navi Mumbai late on Thursday for allegedly duping a city-based retired engineer through phishing. The duo was identified as Okwara Chinedu Ferdinand alias Mike and Chin Weoke Kingslew alias King.The victim, Debasis Dutta, had lodged a complaint with Kolkata Police in February alleging that Rs 3.94 lakh had been siphoned off his account with a nationalized bank. Probe revealed that due to ailment, Dutta relied on net banking and at some point of time, he clicked on a phishing mail sent by these fraudsters. Dutta died of his ailment in April.\"As soon as one clicks on the mail, a virus activates that helps the scamsters get access to every 'keylogging' (tracking the keys struck on a keyboard) of their target. That's how the fraudsters managed to get hold of the user ID and password of Dutta's net banking account,\" explained an investigator.Police first found out that the amount had been transferred to an account with the Hazra branch of the same bank. \"The account was opened under a fictitious name, Sanjay Shah. We found that the address and other details submitted to open the account were all forged,\" said an investigator. Later, cops nabbed Santosh Banerjee, who had allegedly opened the account with forged documents.The fraudsters had found out Dutta's cellphone number through which he would get the one-time passwords for online money transfer. The Nigerians used a Kolkata-based racket that made a duplicate of Dutta's sim card by providing fake documents. As the fraudsters got the duplicate sim, the original was deactivated. So, Dutta had no clue when his money got transferred.\"If the bank increases security measures and matches the IEMI number of the handset with the IMSI number of the sim, it would be difficult for fraudsters to dupe people like this,\" pointed out Dutta's brother Raktim.By tracking Santosh, police rounded up four others in June. All of them worked as local agents of the Nigerians. These arrests led cops to the Nigerian kingpins who lived in Mumbai without valid documents. \"They were produced in a court in Mumbai,\" said Murlidhar, DC-DD (Special).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15445585", "title": "Hockey World League to start dribbling two days after Olympics", "text": "LONDON: International hockey's most ambitious event, the Hockey World League featuring national teams from across all five continents, will get underway two days after the curtains rung down on the Olympic Games.The World League, a four-round event spread over two years, will feature more than 60 national men and women's sides competing in one structured event with the top eight ranked nations coming into the picture one year after the tournament's launch.For teams like India, currently placed 10th the international men's rankings, it will be a second round entry into the competition which will now become the qualifying competition for the World Cup and Olympic Games.As 12 qualifying slots are on offer for the 2014 World Cup, most nations will compete in the World League, which the International Hockey Federation (FIH) is confident will turn out to be the biggest thing in world hockey in decades.New Delhi is among the 19 venues shortlisted by the FIH for the league. The FIH has been planning about an international league for more than one and a half decades, but this is the first step taken in this direction.Although the FIH did not give any specific details about the financial structure or the commercial partners it had secured for such an ambitious project.\"I am proud to launch the Hockey World League,\" FIH President Leandro Negre said on Friday, using the backdrop of one of the grandest Olympic hockey events to introduce the new competition, which begins on August 14.The first round of the World Hockey League will comprise 11 tournaments, with the landmark opening game being played in the Czech Republic between the women's national teams of Scotland and Turkey.\"This has been a vision of the FIH's for a long time and at last the day is here that we see it become a reality,\" Negre said.\"It is truly an exciting time for hockey. Never before has an international hockey competition been open to such a wide range of teams and athletes.\"Among the 60 nations, which have confirmed participation in the League in the men or women's event, for 19 countries it will be their first-ever appearance in an FIH competition.The FIH believes 2,000 players will feature in the World League which will offer World Ranking points to participating nations.This league's arrival will result in the annual Champions Trophy now becoming a biennial tournament after this year's event in Melbourne.The Champions Trophy in December will be India's next major competition after the debacle at the Olympics.India has received a wildcard invitation for the eight-nation tournament, which was last year scheduled to be played in New Delhi, but was shifted by the FIH to New Zealand.The World League, whose first edition will feature 350, matches and run from August 2012 to February 2014, will have each round acting as a qualifier for the next.This will provide every team an opportunity to go all the way to the final. The league will give newcomers from the lower-ranked teams to compete with top-ranked players in leading nations. FIH's chief executive Kelly Fairweather said the World League will have a two-tiered approach.\"Not only does it give the FIH a clear qualification structure for the World Cup and Olympics, but it also provides a massive development opportunity for all areas of hockey,\" he said.The FIH does not have any title sponsor or presenting commercial partner specifically for the World League, but says discussions were on with several sponsors in different countries.\"No it is not an event before its time,\" said Fairweather, adding that the FIH was close to signing up a sponsor in India.\"The FIH has its existing commercial partners and nations are ready to host World League matches,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15447210", "title": "Ahead of Independence Day Ulfa trying to create disturbances: DGP", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam Police today said Ulfa's anti-talk faction is looking to hit in a big way in the run-up to the Independence Day celebrations but the force has put in place strategies to foil such efforts.\"Ulfa still has capability to carry out blasts and small killings and they will try to indulge in such incidents before August 15. Their purpose is to instill fear and create an atmosphere where they can carry out their extortion attempts,\" DGP J N Choudhury said today.\"However, we have put in place all arrangements, including gearing up our intelligence, to ensure that such efforts do not succeed. Our effort is to track them and prevent them from succeeding,\" he said.Choudhury said among the major targets of Ulfa are Tinsukia, Dibrugarh, Sibsagar, Goalpara, Bongaigaon and Jorhat districts.\"Guwahati is also a target. In fact, Ulfa is trying very hard to hit the city because any strike on the North East's largest city would be a major news across the country,\" he said.He said the arrest of seven Ulfa operatives in Tinsukia late last night was due to efforts of the police intelligence.On being asked about the militant outfits cadre strength, Choudhury said, \"It is true that their cadre base had shrunk. But for them, small strikes with 3-4 cadres is enough to make their presence felt.\"The state police has already sounded a red alert across Assam in the run up to August 15. In the past two weeks, Ulfa has struck thrice in Goalpara targeting the Army and CRPF with IEDs, besides killing one village defence member in Sibsagar.\"However, we have put in place all arrangements, including gearing up our intelligence, to ensure that such efforts do not succeed. Our effort is to track them and prevent them from succeeding,\" he said.Choudhury said among the major targets of Ulfa are Tinsukia, Dibrugarh, Sibsagar, Goalpara, Bongaigaon and Jorhat districts.\"Guwahati is also a target. In fact, Ulfa is trying very hard to hit the city because any strike on the northeast's largest city would be a major news across the country,\" he said.He said the arrest of seven Ulfa operatives in Tinsukia late last night was due to efforts of the police intelligence.On being asked about the militant outfits cadre strength, Choudhury said, \"It is true that their cadre base had shrunk. But for them, small strikes with 3-4 cadres is enough to make their presence felt.\"The state police has already sounded a red alert across Assam in the run up to August 15. In the past two weeks, Ulfa has struck thrice in Goalpara targeting the Army and CRPF with IEDs, besides killing one village defence member in Sibsagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15443496", "title": "11 girls rescued, five men held in Mysore hotel raid", "text": "MYSORE: A team attached to the anti-human trafficking cell, CID, Bangalore, raided a hotel in Kadakola, about 15kms from Mysore, on Friday and rescued 11 girls, including three from Bangladesh , from a prostitution ring.Police arrested five men involved in the racket but yet to identify the hotel owner and manager who are absconding. The girls, aged between 23 and 35 years, have been sent to a rehabilitation centre. The two-storey hotel had a secret exit door for girls to escape if police raided the place.Sources claim despite an alert to cops at the police outpost in Kadakola off National Highway 212 about the racket, they allegedly failed to check it and had denied any unlawful activity in their jurisdiction on this count. A team from Bangalore carried out the operation without involving local cops.However, Mysore SP R Dileep claimed the raid was a joint operation and denied any lapse on the part of local police.The SP has ordered an inquiry by the jurisdictional DySP into the incident. Most residents of Kadakola were surprised to know about the brothel in their town and gathered in large numbers near the hotel. A 35-year-old resident claimed he too had used the hotel rooms on special occasion but was completely ignorant about the illegal trade. Another person said hotel employees entertained only people from outside, particularly Kerala, and locals were kept at a distance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15442523", "title": "\u2018Pesky\u2019 SMS could soon prod you to sweat it out for good", "text": "CHENNAI: Imagine getting an alert on your mobile phone t 10.30am, 2pm and 5.30pm saying \"Don't take the lift, take the stairs.\" Or one at 7am and 6.30pm that asks, \"Did you take your walk today? Did you work out?\" This could soon become reality as Indian diabetologists and scientists from the Imperial College in London are studying the role of mobile and information technology in preventing type 2 diabetes in the country.Doctors say they want to study the role of SMSes in improving people's compliance to lifestyle modifications to prevent type 2 diabetes. \"It is called translational research. SMS has succeeded in mass penetration, becoming the best way to reach people,\" Dr Nanditha Arun, director and consultant diabetologist at Dr A Ramachandran's Diabetes Hospitals (ARH), said on Friday. \"We want to study if constant reminders on the mobile phone will motivate people to adhere to fitness regimes,\" she added.The study will be done on a group of people with pre-diabetes. \"Pre-diabetes subjects would be divided into two groups and lifestyle medications prescribed for both. But one group will be given the SMS reminders,\" says Dr Arun. After a set period of time, the results of lifestyle modification and glucose levels will be compared. If it is found that people who received SMS alerts showed better compliance to lifestyle changes, it could be implemented by doctors across the world. The pre-diabetes patients who will be part of the study will be chosen from the general public, after screening.The people who subscribe to the alerts can actually sit down with their doctor and customize their messages and frequency.Dr Arun was speaking at a three-day conference attended by 120 endocrinologists from India and the Imperial College in the UK. Focusing on importance of research on ways to prevent diabetes and diabetes care, ARH along with the Indian Diabetes Research Foundation will offer a two year post-graduate diploma in clinical diabetology, exposing MBBS students to various complications that occur in diabetic patients on a day to day basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15449225", "title": "Another batch of Hindus cross into India from Pakistan", "text": "AMRITSAR: What appeared to be a damage control exercise after initial statements of settling in India for good, a group of 104 Hindus who arrived India via Attari land border from Pakistan on Saturday had all the praise for Pakistan government.But at the same time everyone admitted that Hindu's were targeted in Pakistan but' none in their area'. However some of them dared to say that many member of the group that arrived India for pilgrimage may not return but then other questioned how could they leave their country, their business and relatives unless they were invited and offered Indian citizenship- giving enough indication of their persecution on hands of fundamentalists.Out of a total of 223 pilgrims, a group of 119 Hindu's had arrived India on Friday while rest of them were stopped at Wagah, Pakistan, after confusion over their travel plans to India . According to reports Pakistan government believed that the journey of 223 Hindus from Pakistan to India was a mass exodus but allowed about half of them to cross the border after getting satisfied of their travel intentions but only after taking written undertaking from them.The Hindu pilgrims have 33 days visa to visit Amritsar, Indore, Haridwar, Rishikesh and Delhi. Strangely majority of them, mostly from poor economic strata, were carrying almost everything they had including torn pillows, bed sheets, flour and cereals which raises questions over their pilgrimage plans.Group leader Raj Singh who hails from Jacobabad which has witnessed several incidents of kidnapping and forced conversions of Hindu girls in recent times said \"We are living peacefully in Pakistan, all the 223 pilgrims will go back with me, we have no intentions to stay back in India\". However at one point of time during conversation Raj Singh, in reply to a question whether Pakistani Hindu's expect India to give them citizenship , said \"India should offer citizenship to Pakistani Hindu nationals\" but in the same breath said \"I can't answer these questions, Please ask me about Jatha\". About excess luggage carried by pilgrims, he questioned \"They are here to stay for about one month and they need everything\".Amar, another Pak Hindu pilgrim said that \"Trust me out of 223, at least 100 will stay back\". He said Hindus were targeted by fundamentalists, Hindu girls were kidnapped for marriages, Hindus boys were kidnapped for ransom and the properties were plundered.Another Hindu pilgrim Gobhu Mal said situation was bad for Hindu's living in upper Sindh and areas like Jacobabad, Sakkhar, Rohri, Ghotki etc but not in Halam where he lived. Similar reply was given by another Hindu pilgrim Jetha Nand resident of Kot Ghulam, in Mirpur Khas district \"I never saw anything happening against Hindu's in my area, government gives us good protection\". He said they were stopped at Wagah for questioning after confusion over a statement that the visiting Jaha members were migrating to Pakistan and claimed that Pak authorities didn't take any written undertaking from them.After persistent perusal a Pakistani visiting Hindu lady pilgrim pleading anonymity told TOI \"Kidnapping and forcible conversions are common in Sindh and other districts of Pakistan bordering with Afghanistan but we have to live with the situation and keep our mouth closed\". She said many people wanted to stay back and were just looking for right time.A young Hindu pilgrim from Balauchistan, Krishan Chand said \"I am willing to stay back in India but I have my parents and other relatives in Pakistan, I can't leave them\". He hesitantly admitted that Hindus were targeted in some parts of Pakistan but he didn't know those areas.Sanjay Kumar , a resident of Raipur , India, who was at Attari to receive his sister Pooja who was visiting India after a gap of 15 years said \"I thought I will never meet my sister when I heard the news that Pakistan government had detained at Wagah, but now I am relieved to meet her\".Pooja said many devotees had to spend the night in open sky at Wagah while a few of them went to Gurdwara Dera Sahib and hotels in Lahore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15441590", "title": "Pallavi Purkayastha was a promising student: ILS principal", "text": "PUNE: The news of 25-year-old Pallavi Purkayastha's murder on Friday morning has left the staff of ILS Law College in a state of shock.Vaijayanti Joshi, principal of the college from where Pallavi graduated in the year 2009, said that Pallavi was a 'promising student'.Pallavi, daughter of a senior Delhi-based bureaucrat, was stabbed with a knife in her flat in Mumbai's Wadala area on Thursday morning by the building's watchman Sajid Pathan.Joshi said, \"This is an unfortunate incident and we feel extremely sorry for her parents. When we learnt about the incident through newspapers on Friday, we just could not believe what had happened to our student.\"\"After spending five years here, students form an attachment with us by the time they complete their degree. It's a long association and to know of something as unfortunate as this is very saddening,\" Joshi added.Another professor of the college, Smita Sabne, in-charge of the placement cell, said, \"Pallavi had passed out in 2009, yet, she was in constant touch with us. She was very close to me.\"After the Pune serial blasts on August 1, Pallavi had called Sabne and enquired after her safety. \"She was extremely concerned about me. She was a very loving person.\"Pallavi and her boyfriend, Avik Sengupta, had visited Sabne last month. \"Pallavi said that they needed a break from routine and hence had driven down to Pune. During that visit, they came home and she said that, professionally, she was doing very well in Mumbai,\" Sabne said.\"It's unfortunate and personally, it's a big loss,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15443342", "title": "Heavy rain: Woman drowns in Udupi", "text": "MANGALORE: The city received 94 mm rainfall on Friday.In the last 24 hours ending 8.30 am on Friday, Mangalore taluk received the highest rainfall of 94mm in Dakshina Kannada district. Rainfall in the other taluks of the district is as follows: Belthangady(79.4 mm) Bantwal(72.4 mm), Puttur( 71.4 mm), Uppinangady (64.5 mm), Sullia(64.5 mm) and Bajpe(83.1 mm). The water level of Nethravathi stood at 6 metre against the maximum level of 8.5 metre.In the Udupi district, areas of Brahmavar, Udyavara witnessed flooding in low-lying areas.On Thursday, a woman drowned and five houses were damaged following heavy rain accompanied by strong winds in Udupi district. The woman has been identified as Sakamma,55. She had gone to fetch grass when she accidentally slipped and fell into a quarry pit and drowned at Devasthanabettu in Bellur village in Kundapur taluk. The body was recovered late on Thursdays.Ajekar in Karkala taluk of Udupi district recorded the maximum rainfall of 197.5mm in the last 24 hours. Widespread to heavy to very heavy rain was received in Udupi, Dakshina Kannada and Uttara Kannada districts till Friday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15442074", "title": "Call for Rajasthan bandh on August 22 against quota bill", "text": "JAIPUR: Non-reserved category government employees' organisation Samta Andolan Samiti has called for a 'Rajasthan bandh' on August 22, the day when the Centre would table a constitutional amendment bill to secure quota in promotions for the Scheduled Castes (SCs) and the Scheduled Tribes (STs) employees in government. A day before that, the Samiti members across the country would stage a sit-in against the bill at New Delhi's Jantar Mantar.The Samiti, which has filed and contested a litigation in the high court and the Supreme Court against the existing promotion quota for the SC/ST government employees, has also cautioned the parliamentarians against supporting the bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15442387", "title": "Newborn girl found partly buried in farm, survives", "text": "JAIPUR: In yet another incident of discrimination against the girl child, a newborn was found partially buried in an agriculture farm in Pawata village on the city outskirts on Thursday. She was rushed to a hospital where she was declared out of danger.Doctors said she was born less then seven hours before she was spotted by a villager. Police have lodged an FIR against unidentified parents.The police were informed about the infant about 6 pm on Thursday. \"A woman was working in an agriculture field between Pawata and Pragpura villages when she heard the cries of a child. She went to the spot and found a girl wrapped in a piece of cloth,\" an officer said.In yet another incident of bias against girl child, a newborn was found partially buried in an agriculture farm in Pawata village on city outskirts on Thursday. She was rushed to a hospital where she was declared out of danger. Doctors said she was born less then seven hours before she was spotted by a villager. The police have lodged an FIR against unidentified parents. The police were informed about the infant about 6 pm on Thursday. \"A woman was working in an agriculture field between Pawata and Pragpura villages when she heard the feeble cries of a child. She went to the spot and found a girl wrapped in a piece of cloth,\" a police officer said.The woman told the police that some sand had been sprinkled on the girl's clothes to make her less visible from distance. The police rushed the girl to a primary health centre in Kotputli and later shifted her to a shelter home in Jaipur.\"She was partially buried, but it seems that she was spotted immediately after she was abandoned. So her condition was not serious. She was kept under observation throughout the night and then sent to a shelter home in Sodala area in Jaipur,\" said the officer.\"We have recorded the statements of some villagers who claim to have seen a woman. Records of nearby health centres and hospitals are being checked. The possibility of it being an institutional delivery is less,\" said the officer.Several incidents of girl children being abandoned were reported in the state in the recent past. The state government had launched several measures to curb the practice of female foeticide and infanticide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15445209", "title": "This one\u2019s for the ladies!", "text": "Bangalore's revellers got their fix of mid-week mayhem when they headed to a downtown hotspot for a ladies' night on Thursday night. DJ Raghu got the ladies in i-Bar at The Park to pack the floor with his mix of commercial hits and they didn't stop grooving till the end of the evening.Leone, Kavya and Ricky painted a pretty picture in their fashionable attire, with Kavya making a statement in her torn jeans. DJs Yon and Jeff were also seen hanging out with their pals", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15441665", "title": "BMW hit-and-run: Cops miss chargesheet date", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon police failed to file the chargesheet in the BMW hit-and-run case on Friday, when the seven-day deadline set by the state home department ended.The family of deceased Kshama Chopra Shetye expressed shock over the police's indifference. Despite repeated attempts by TOI, chief secretary (home) Samir Mathur in Chandigarh and DCP (east) Maheshwar Dayal in Gurgaon could not be contacted for their comments.Shailesh Shetye, Kshama's husband, said he would now try to meet senior police officers next week seeking an explanation for the delay. The state government had directed Gurgaon police last Friday to file the chargesheet in the case within seven days. Haryana chief secretary (home), Samir Mathur, had told TOI , \"We have asked the police to file the chargesheet as early as possible, but not later than seven days.\"Shailesh said the investigation officer told his lawyers on Thursday that the chargesheet would be filed in a week. Shailesh, who suffered pelvic fracture and dislocation in the accident, is now out of town and has gone to his home in Goa to perform prayers in honour of his late wife.Cops have also reportedly not received the forensic report from Madhuban based lab which is in possession of the blood samples of the accused Suraj Sherawat and blood spottings found in the BMW car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15443492", "title": "Bhoj varsity mulls fresh valuation for LLM examinations", "text": "BHOPAL: After having declared the results just a week ago, Madhya Pradesh Bhoj (Open) University woke up with a strange impression that something has really went wrong with the results of the previous and final examinations of post-graduate LLM course. Now moves are afoot to review and announce the entire results afresh.The university declared the results of LLM (Previous and Final) of 2010-11 on July 31 and uploaded them on its website. Just 4.4% of the students who appeared in the examinations cleared the LLM (previous) while 20% of the students passed in the LLM (Final) examination.A week later, the Bhoj (Open) University authorities felt that there was something seriously wrong with the LLM results of 2010-11 and a note-sheet was initiated on August 7, stating that the vice-chancellor had ordered to place the issue before the examination committee.Copies of documents, which are in possession of TOI, indicate that the examination committee gave an opinion that the answer sheets of LLM first and second year should be sent to subject experts for fresh valuation. Subsequently, four members of the examination committee made their recommendation and signed it on August six\u2014a day before the vice-chancellor's office mooted the proposal.According to the note-sheet, the examination committee noted that LLM (1st and 2nd) year results were declared on July 31 and just 4.4. % and 20 % students passed in these examinations respectively.\"The results were better in previous years. LLM students of these batches were provided study materials in time and contact classes were also conducted by subject experts\", the examination committee noted and felt that the reason for poor results was \"either very strict valuation of answer sheets or negligence in valuation\".University insiders claim that while the examination committee was at its meeting, LLM students from Gwalior regional centre sent in a joint application by fax, expressing concern over the poor results and requesting the university to order fresh valuation of LLM examination 2011-12.Sources said the university was in the process of selecting subject experts to carryout valuation of LLM papers afresh even though the results of LLM (1st &amp; 2nd ) year continues to be displayed at the university's web-site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15446262", "title": "Award for most innovative idea in animal welfare", "text": "MUMBAI: The Federation of Indian Animal Protection Organisations (FIAPO) is inviting applications for the most unique idea on an animal welfare project. This is all set to be launched through a competition known as Dragon's Den which is going to be conducted during FIAPO's India for Animals conference to be held from November 16 to 18, 2012 in Goa. The India for Animals Conference (IFA) brings all animal welfare organisations and activists together at a national level and is a celebration of animal protection across India.Those interested can share their ideas by mailing them to ifa@fiapo.org.Only a total of four participants will proceed to the final round after initial screening by a committee. The participants selected for the final round will then be helped by FIAPO to pitch their ideas to a panel of four judges for 15 minutes each. A monetary award will be given to the winner of the competition to help the idea become a reality.FIAPO considers this a unique opportunity for creative and relatively fresh minds to be amidst India's most experienced advocates for animal protection. Other than the cash prize, the exposure and learning that will be gained is of significant importance.Varda Mehrotra, Program Director, FIAPO says; \"This is a brilliant opportunity for those who have a wonderful idea but don't know how and where to put it to practice. We invite anyone who has ever had any wish to help animals in their own way to come up and tell us how they would want to do it\".Federation of Indian Animal Protection Organisations (FIAPO) is a collective of animal protection organisations in India. It represents and advocates for NGOs and activists in the Indian animal protection sector; and also independently conducts research about and advocates for the rights of animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15449556", "title": "Rajiv Gandhi National University of Law organizes essay competition", "text": "PATIALA: Rajiv Gandhi National University of Law organized the prize distribution of the annual Essay competition, Ensayo, 2012 . The theme of this year's essay was \"The Explosive Remnants of War\".The function was presided over by Justice SK Jain, Former judge of the Punjab and Haryana High Court as the chief guest . The essay was a huge success with 107 entries out of which 22 were from outside India but within the South Asian Countries.Out of the three positions, 2 were won by students outside India. The Vice Chancellor of university welcomed the chief guests and gave the opening speech. Sangeeta Taak, the coordinator of Ensayo, read the report of 2012. Dr. Sanoj Rajan, who has been associated with the project from a long time, congratulated the university on the successful holding of another year of Ensayo and spoke empathically about the disastrous conditions of people after wars.Justice Jain spoke about the relevance of such competitions in today's world and the need for all students to connect to such global issues. The moment everyone had been waiting for, was the announcement of the results and the winners were as follows - First prize of Rs. 25,000 went to Yugichha Sangrouha, who is from the Kathmandu School of law, Nepal. Second prize of Rs. 15,000 went to Shishir Kumar Yadav from the Kathmandu School of law, Nepal. The third prize of Rs.10,000 went to Shatakshi Johari from ILNU, Ahmadabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15443341", "title": "Get ready for Verbattle today", "text": "MANGALORE: The national level inter-school debate tournament, Verbattle, for school and college students will be held here from August 11.This is the eighth edition of Verbattle and the tournament this year is being conducted on a national level and is held in partnership with International Debate Education Association (IDEA)). Verbattle is the summit confluence of the three important competitive events--- Verbattle Junior, Verbattle Senior and Verbattle Beginner. Targeted at students ranging in the age group of 8 to 24 years.The first phase of Verbattle this year will be held across the three key zones cities of Bangalore, Mangalore and Hubli. The first round of Verbattle kicked off in Bangalore on Tuesday. The second round of Verbattle 2012 will be held in Mangalore at Don Bosco Auditorium on August 11 and 12 in which more than 250 teams across different schools, colleges and institutions will participate from Mangalore.The selection process for the first round of Verbattle is physically conducted for two days in each of the three zones of Karnataka, namely Mangalore, Hubli and Bangalore. The selected teams are then brought to Bangalore --- 27 teams from each zone, and in a spread of three weeks. The semi-finals and finals for Verbattle Beginner, Verbattle Junior and Senior will be held on August 31.While Verbattle Junior competition will be held on August 11, Verbattle Senior competition will be held the next day. For registrations, students/schools can call on Helpline: 098864 64641 or 080 - 4251 1111. for more log on to website www.verbattle.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441816", "title": "Parliament sets out limits of MPs' privileges", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Lok Sabha is likely to dismiss the allegation by a Congress MP that Madhya Pradesh police violated his privileges by charge-sheeting him without the sanction of Parliament, a decision that may have serious implications for the scope of special rights of parliamentarians.Madhya Pradesh cops charge-sheeted Ujjain MP Premchand Guddu but the latter argued that the charge-sheet could not have been filed without sanction from the Lok Sabha Speaker.Enforcement agencies require the go-ahead from the presiding officer of Parliament if they have to press charges against an MP under the Prevention of Corruption Act. The Madhya Pradesh police did not take the said sanction while arraigning Guddu in a housing society case, which prompted the latter to move for privilege against Ajay Sharma (IG, Economic Offences Wing) and Manoj Kumar (SP) in December 2011.Sources said the Speaker is likely to reject Guddu's notice since he was neither an MLA nor an MP during the period the offence was allegedly committed.The likely verdict will impact the way privileges are viewed by MPs, especially after Parliament rejected the need for sanction against former CMs of Karnataka Dharam Singh and H D Kumaraswamy in an earlier case. Far from being a blanket shield for legislators, the recent orders from Parliament have clarified that sanction of prosecution is more nuanced.Guddu was an MLA from 1998-2008 and MP since May 2009, but the offence pertained to his tenure as chairman of a housing society from 1983 to 1991. \"He was neither an MLA nor an MP during his chairmanship of the housing society,\" sources said.The Ujjain MP told TOI, \"This is a politically motivated case at the behest of CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan . This is politics of vendetta and the state is delaying matters at every hearing in the court.\"The snub to Guddu's privilege notice will bolster the message that sanction under Section 19 of PCA was \"time and offence specific\". The attorney general, in the case of Dharam Singh and Kumaraswamy, had noted that need for sanction arose only if the person sought to be prosecuted occupied the office he was accused of having misused.The Karnataka duo was accused of illegality in granting mining licences as MLAs but the two Lok Sabha MPs when the sanction was sought.The case against Guddu pertains to a complaint against office-bearers of 'Bhakhtwar Ram Nagar Grih Nirman Sarkari Sanastha', Indore. Investigations allegedly proved the charges, which led the cops to file a charge-sheet in court. The MP argued that the police needed permission from the Speaker since he was a member of Lok Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441612", "title": "Doctors\u2019 strike PIL hearing posted to Mon", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday posted to Monday the hearing of a PIL against a proposed strike call given by Maharashtra Association of Resident Doctors.The bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar asked the petitioner, Afak Mandaviya, to add MARD as a party to the PIL and declined to pass any order in the matter. The PIL stated that nearly 500 resident doctors of Sion Hospital had called a strike on August 10- 11 to protest against the present warden.The PIL was filed against Sion Hospital dean, who the petitioner said is \"responsible to ensure that all patients get proper treatment and for the day-to-day activities of the hospital\" and the state, BMC and the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15446516", "title": "Monica Batra in brand new avatar", "text": "Monica Batra will be seen in a brand new avatar in the Braj Bhushan's 'Dil Ho Gaeel Qurbaan'. Starred opposite Avinash Shahi, Monica will be seen flaunting her latkas and jhatkas in the songs of the film whose has been given by Damodar Rao.Monica Batra says, \"when I was narrated this story I was shocked and surprised, it's really a different film. \"The film is made under the banner of RS Films Production and apart from Monica and Avinash, RS Tiwari and Mohini Ghosh will be also seen playing important role in the movie.Source: Bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15442124", "title": "Man held for making girl\u2019s fake profile", "text": "NOIDA: Cops were able to save the engagement of a girl from being called off after arresting a man who had made a fake social networking profile to defame her. Police received a complaint from the girl that a one-sided affair had led to a man creating a fake Facebook profile of hers through which he had been sending objectionable messages to her fiance. Police have registered a case under the IT Act and arrested the accused from his Vasundhara Enclave residence.SP (City) Yogesh Singh said that when the victim reported the matter to the local police station on July 28, the case was referred to cyber cell department. \"Cops sought the help of Google and sent details of the fake profile to the data analysis team which helped them get the IP address and internet service provider. The service provider then gave the address of the accused after which he was arrested,\" said DSP (cyber cell), Triveni Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15448669", "title": "JDS candidate files election petition- Karnataka HC notice to Former Minister Ramachandra Gowda", "text": "Bangalore: The Karnataka high court has ordered notice to Ramachandra Gowda, former Medical Education Minister belonging Bharatiya Janata Party in response to an election petition challenging his election to Karnataka Legislative Council, the upper house of Karnataka State Legislature from the Bangalore Graduates' constituency. Justice H G Ramesh , who heard the petition filed by A Deve Gowda,defeated candidate belonging to Janata Dal(Secular) headed by former Prime Minister H D Deve Gowda also ordered notice other candidates who were in fray. Deve Gowda, who lost the contest by a thin margin of 200 odd votes has claimed that there has been apparent error in counting of preferential votes.He has claimed that 761 first preference votes polled in his favour were improperly rejected. He further claimed that of corrupt practice citing claims about his achievements as former Minister. In the election held in June Ramachandra Gowda was declared elected after counting of preferential votes.Entering the Legislative council for the fifth time,he garnered a total of 8,461 votes, defeating his nearest rival A Deve Gowda of JDS by narrow margin of 243 votes in an election fought by 16 candidates. Ramachandra Gowda had resigned as Medical Education Minister following a row over his alleged involvement in irregularities in the appointment of staff and faculty members to medical colleges at Hassan and Mysore. He had also resigned from the post of Deputy Chairman of the State Planning Board, just a few days before the council polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15442927", "title": "Crater opens up on Punjagutta road", "text": "HYDERABAD: A large portion of the road near Model House in Punjagutta suddenly caved in on Friday morning, turning the Khairatabad-Punjagutta area into a traffic nightmare. The stretch from KCP Junction to Punjagutta crossroads has been closed to traffic and GHMC officials said it will take at least two days for the road to be repaired.The portion collapsed due to stagnation of rain water and because of the remodelling work of a storm water drain in progress. This is the second time in a span of five months that the road has caved in at the same spot. In February this year, a portion of the road fell in at the same location which was repaired the next day.As a result of the crater, traffic came to a grinding halt and finally, the stretch of the road had to be closed. Commuters coming from Khairatabad were diverted to the link road leading to Taj Krishna and then to Punjagutta via Nagarjuna Circle. Traffic was also diverted from Khairatabad to Raj Bhavan road.Though the exact reason for the road collapse is yet to be ascertained, engineering wing officials suspect that it could have been triggered by a defunct drain located beneath. Officials are also looking into the tunneling work taken up by the municipal corporation as part of remodeling of a storm water drain which led to the creation of a hollow portion under the road. \"There could be loose soil as a tunnel was laid 5 metres underground by using hydraulic pressure,\" an official of the corporation said.When the road caved in five months ago, officials hurriedly filled it with ready concrete mix, but no permanent measures were taken. This time too, some officials reportedly suggested that the crater be filled with concrete mix but they could not go ahead as water was continuously coming out of it.Interestingly, the GHMC has taken up similar tunneling work near Maitrivanam in Ameerpet and in the wake of this problem, it has been decided to check the road there also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15443316", "title": "Online power bill payment a hit", "text": "NAGPUR: Online payment of electricity bills is gradually becoming popular ever since MSEDCL has stopped charging 2% extra for this facility, from June 2010. Moreover, consumers are also shedding their reluctance to use credit cards and debit cards for internet transactions. MSEDCL has a bill payment gateway in its website www.mahadiscom.in.An MSEDCL official said before June 2010 very few consumers paid bills online due to the extra charge. \"In June 2010, around 3,000 consumers in Nagpur district, barring those living in Spanco area, paid bills through net. In July this figure has increased to over 11,500. We are confident that the numbers will continue to increase.\"It is the urban consumers who are mostly using the internet gateway to pay bills. Of the 11,553 consumers, 6,712 are from Congress Nagar division which comprises the part of Nagpur, which is not supplied by Spanco. Next is Nagpur Rural II division with 3,987 consumers. This division covers the suburbs of the city beyond municipal limits. But, not many industrial consumers are paying online. The number of consumers in rural areas is expectedly low.The facility has also become popular in district headquarters like Bhandara, Chandrapur and Wardha. Gadchiroli expectedly does not have many consumers using net to pay bills.The total bill collection in Nagpur district through internet in July was 2.21 crore of which Congress Nagar division contributed 1.41 crore. Nagpur Rural II division's contribution was 49 lakh.Even though the number of consumers in Gondia division \u2014 1,582 \u2014 is lower than Bhandara, Chandrapur and Wardha, the amount is highest at 54.98 lakh. Bhandara's 3,134 consumers' contribution was far lower at 22.37 lakh. The reason is higher number of industrial consumers in Gondia.While MSEDCL is offering more and more online services, its franchisee Spanco, which is basically an IT company, is yet to provide a bill payment gateway on its website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441194", "title": "Body found inside drain", "text": "NEW DELHI: The decomposed body of a 25-year-old man was recovered from a drain flowing behind the house of former Haryana CM Omprakash Chautala here on Friday morning, police said.The victim, identified as Meghru Thakur, a resident of Bihar's Sitamarhi district, was found dead inside the drain on Rajendra Prasad Road in Parliament Street area around 11am. He had been staying at slums in Parliament Street area and had been missing since Thursday.\"The body has been sent for postmortem. Initial investigation shows he used to drink frequently. He might fallen into the drain when he was drunk,\" said a police officer.Police denied initial claims that the body was at least four days old.They said the postmortem will bring in clarity on how old the body was, as the man went missing only on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15442002", "title": "Raj Thackeray asks CM for agency to monitor toll nakas in state", "text": "MUMBAI: MNS chief Raj Thackeray on Friday met CM Prithviraj Chavan over allegations of corruption against toll nakas across the state. Thackeray met Chavan at the state's official guest house in Malabar Hill in the morning.Political observers said the meeting is of significance as it follows on the heels of MNS's campaign against toll collection, which is overseen by the NCP-controlled public works department (PWD).Raj said, \"We put across our views on corruption in toll collection before Chavan. He agreed with us on several points and agreed to call a meeting of PWD officials and MNS representatives within 10 days.\"MNS legislator Shishir Shinde, who accompanied Raj, said the MNS has demanded setting up of an independent agency to monitor toll collection. Raj also raised the issue of permissions to Marathi schools during the meeting.Chavan insisted that it was silly to read into the \"politics\" behind the meeting. \"Raj had sought my appointment a month ago. A meeting scheduled in July had to be postponed as he had fallen ill,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15442816", "title": "Inter toppers\u2019 copies to be put on Net", "text": "PATNA: Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) has decided to upload the answer-sheets of toppers in the 2012 Intermediate examinations but will re-examine the copies before doing so.BSEB secretary Lalan Jha said, \"We have decided to put the answer-books on the Internet. So, this re-evaluation is taking place to check for any mistake before the final upload.\"Board chairman Rajmani Prasad said, \"This is just an internal academic audit. We want to devise a system of quality check. We will find out what are the plus points and drawbacks of our evaluation system.\"Jha added, \"Copies of 20 toppers in the arts, science and commerce streams will be re-evaluated. After rechecking, the answer-sheets will be put on the website for preparing candidates to know how they should write answers to get more marks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15447228", "title": "Hindu-Americans launch innovative programmes at White House conference", "text": "WASHINGTON: Hindu-Americans, participating in a conference hosted in partnership with the White House, have launched innovative programmes aimed at harnessing the tradition of 'seva' and charities imbibed in their religion.\"Next Generation Seva Leaders\" and \"My Thali\" are among the two prominent programmes announced during the just concluded \"Dharmic American Future: Seva, Innovation and Tradition\" conference.The conference was organised by the Hindu American Seva Charities (HASC) in partnership with the White House Office of Public Engagement, Office of Faith Based and Neighborhood Partnerships, and President's Interfaith and Community Service Campus Challenge.Attended by eminent Hindu-Americans from across the country, was addressed by top White House officials.The meeting among other things decided on working on interfaith community building especially focused on bringing together Hindu, Sikh, Buddhist, Jain, Muslim, Christian and Jewish faith leaders to share views and form cooperative partnerships.\"Within 24 hours of our conference the attack on a Sikh gurdwara took place in Wisconsin; Next General Seva Leader youth quickly mobilised to show support for the Sikh community,\" Bhargava said.\"The entire HASC team reached out to raise awareness and stand in solidarity. This attack emphasizes the need for support for and outreach from all Dharmic-American communities,\" she said.Prominent speakers included Sonal Shah who shared her insights in creating the White House Office of Social Innovation as it first Director and Asim Mishra discussed ways to engage with Corporation for National and Community Service where he serves as Chief of Staff.Tina Tchen, Chief of Staff to First Lady Michelle Obama brought the President's message of support and recognition of the community's efforts to serve the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15443442", "title": "Girl takes businessman for a ride", "text": "BHOPAL: An Ahmedabad-based businessman has been allegedly taken for a royal ride by a 'Bhopal-based' girl. The girl 'returned' to Bhopal with father and allegedly brought with her cash and jewellery over Rs 4 lakh in barely four days after the marriage and did not go back to her husband's place.Her 'father' brought her to Bhopal on the pretext of seeking his guruji's blessings.Laxman Vaswani, 32, came in contact with young Taruna around 22 years of age through a matrimonial advertisement around four months ago.After initial meeting, families from both the sides got ready and the two were married in Ahmedabad on May 10. \"Only three relatives of the girl, including her father Rajkumar Kriplani, turned up for the wedding. When we asked about the reason, the girl's father told us that that since your brother is a divorcee, our family is not happy with the relationship,\" said Deepak Ram Vaswani, brother of groom Laxman.Four days after the marriage the bride's father again went to Ahmedabad and insisted on taking her 'daughter' to Bhopal for seeking blessings of guruji.Vaswani said there was no question of suspecting them and they allowed her to go. \"She also took with her jewellery we gave. However, when she did not return, the Vaswani family visited Bhopal only to realize that they have been conned.The family did not contact us and when we came to Bhopal and somehow managed to find them, Kriplani--the girl's father threatened that he would file a suit against us, Deepak said.\"After returning to Ahmedabad, we realised that apart from taking jewellery worth around Rs 3 lakh, she also took around Rs 1.5 lakh cash kept in our house,\" he added.\"Subsequently, we filed a case with Ahmedabad police.\" They also visited Bhopal twice on June 30 and July 10 with the Gujarat police, but could not find the girl and her family. All four addresses they had given to us were false.A complaint in this regard has also been filed with the Kolar police station since last time we met them at a house in the same locality, Vaswani added.Town inspector of Kolar police station G P Agrawal confirmed to TOI that Gujarat police along with the complainant had met him around a month ago. He also said the police had not found the Kriplanis on the given address.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15442139", "title": "Mumbai lawyer Pallavi to wed by end of 2012 or early 2013, says aunt", "text": "KOLKATA: Monimala Dhar cannot accept the fact that the sprightly, restless girl she would often tease for being too tall, will never again greet her with a bear hug. Or pester her to rustle up her favourite dish\u2014maccher-jhol (fish curry)\u2014which she missed in Mumbai.\"Her death left us numb. We have lost the power to react or mourn. It's hard to imagine she is no more,\" said Monimala, 25-year-old Pallavi Purkayastha's paternal aunt. Monimala and her husband Bijit Kumar Dhar are leaving for Delhi to join the bereaved family on Sunday.Pallavi left for Delhi after passing Class VIII from La Martiniere for Girls', but would visit Kolkata every year and always stayed with Monimala. She made it a point to keep in touch with friends and relatives. In early 2011, Pallavi visited her aunt the last time. \"She was on her way back from Cuttack, where she went for the last rites of her maternal grandfather. Unfortunately, it turned out to be our last meeting,\" said Monimala.Being the elder daughter of busy, working parents (her father Atanu Purkayastha is the joint secretary in the agriculture ministry), Pallavi grew up independently. She would take care of herself and even looked after her younger sister Gabu. \"She was sweet and adventurous. It made her very popular among friends and relatives. But she stood out due to her intelligence. From a young age, she could take her own decisions and they usually proved correct,\" said uncle Bijit.After graduating from ILS Law College in Pune, Pallavi worked in Singapore for six months. She moved back to Delhi and then Mumbai, where she worked as a legal advisor in filmmaker Farhan Akhtar's firm Excel Entertainment. She planned to settle down with a collegemate, said the family.\"In fact, we were waiting for the marriage date to be fixed and were looking forward to the wedding, either later this year or in early 2013. The date was put on hold for her sister's Class XII exams. Also, Pallavi and her fiance sought a little more time to settle down in their jobs. She was on the verge of a beautiful new chapter in her life but it was cruelly cut short,\" said her aunt.The wife of a colleague of Pallavi's father recalled meeting her a few months ago. \"She was in Delhi, visiting her parents. She came across as very smart, confident and successful,\" said the lady, asking not to be named. \"Her parents were excited about her marriage and her mother bought jewellery and sarees for her. We are shocked to hear what happened,\" she said.Bengal home secretary Basudeb Banerjee, Atanu's IAS batchmate, recalled meeting Pallavi many years ago. \"Last year, Atanu and I were in the US for a training programme. He was keen to see his daughter married. This has shocked us all. I have two daughters\u2014it sends a chill down your spine.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15445908", "title": "An ode to patriotism", "text": "With the Independence Day just four days away, Indian musicians have come up with a special version of \"Vande Mataram\".On Wednesday, Governor MK Narayanan released an album at the Raj Bhavan that has two versions of the age-old song.At least 22 artistes, including Ustad Rashid Khan, Pt Ajoy Chakrabarty, Shubha Mudgal, Sunidhi Chauhan and Sonu Nigam , have contributed to the album. Says percussionist Bickram Ghosh , \"I went around five cities recording different singers and then mixing the final version in Mumbai. The video was also shot in Mumbai and around 15 sets were built for it. It was an amazing experience.\"The lawns of the Governor's residence resonated with the voice of Kaushiki Desikan and Ustad Rashid Khan as they gave the audience a feel of the special song. Adding a special touch to the occasion were differently abled students of Priti Patel who presented a dance performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15443346", "title": "Experts dispel fears on tag for Western Ghats", "text": "MANGALORE: There would have been less resistance to Unesco's heritage tag for Western Ghats if local people were taken into confidence before announcing the decision, opine senior scientists.\"There are misconceptions regarding the displacement aspect and also what restrictions the heritage tag will impose on the local population. One thing for sure is there will be absolutely no displacement of local people,'' said R Rajgopal Rao, Indian National Science Academy (INSA) scientist and former head, National Botanical Research Institute, Lucknow, and M Sanjappa, former director of Botanical Survey of India.They told TOI: Already 90% of the forest cover in the Western Ghats is lost due to indiscriminate activities. Let us at least save what is left of it.Sanjappa said: The benefits of the tag will be visible in less than five years. The tag will protect existing local population, but also their culture, apart from flora and fauna. Let there be no fear that somebody will hijack our bio-diversity. Those fears are unfounded.Recently, K G Bopaiah offered to resign from the speaker's post as the legislative assembly unanimously resolved to reject Unesco's heritage tag for Western Ghats.Rao reasoned that the opposition is probably from lobbies, who till now have benefited from plundering the forest wealth.\"Natural heritage is for the entire humanity. This is what the Unesco tag means in short and you cannot manipulate it for personal gains. After the tag is given, any developmental activity like construction of dams, setting up of factories needs world opinion - who will gauge the impact on the environment before the activity is allowed,'' they said.Regarding the existing laws like the Wildlife Protection Act, the State Tree Preservation Act and the Biodiversity Act, the scientists said the laws were in place, but enforcement was the issue here, pointing out at the lost forest cover. \"When the world is watching, you cannot manipulate rules or laws in the name of development,'' they added.Sanjappa said the committee which came to inspect should have held consultation at various levels to win confidence of the people. \"This was lacking, hence the opposition without understanding the positive implications of this tag,'' added Sanjappa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15441956", "title": "Haryana: Khap nod for woman to hoist flag on I-Day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Women in Bibipur village, who made history on July 14 by holding a khap mahapanchayat against female foeticide, are all set to make waves again this Independence Day by unfurling the Tricolour.This would be the first time in the village that a woman will unfurl the national flag on August 15. \"Encouraged by the response for organizing khap mahapanchayat, the village decided to hold the Independence Day celebrations under the leadership of women,\" said Ritu Jaglan, who has been training women to speak at khap meetings.Women of this village have been attending I-Day functions for many years; a woman will also preside over the function. A group of women is also busy preparing folk songs for the occasion.\"We'd prefer a mother of a girl child to unfurl the flag. This will boost the confidence of village women as, generally, mother of a single girl child faces a lot of sarcastic remarks from the villagers,\" said Ritu, 26, a postgraduate from the village.Like most villages in Haryana, Bibipur is also facing the problem of skewed sex ratio forcing the village women to initiate a campaign against female foeticide. In a population of 5,800, the village has a sex ratio of 845 girls against 1,000 boys. Two women \u2014 Kitabo, 65 and Savitri, 46 \u2014 have been shortlisted to unfurl the flag. Kitabo has only one daughter.Savitri Devi lives at Panchkula with her ex-serviceman husband. Twelve years ago, the couple had adopted a girl. Traditionally, the village sarpanch unfurls the flag on Independence Day but this time the young sarpanch, Sunil Jaglan, has offered to give the opportunity to a woman. \"This would be a honour to the women, who have initiated a fight against the female foeticide,\" he said.On the occasion, a few women from the village will be honoured for their contribution to the save girl child campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441863", "title": "School guard held for hitting pupil", "text": "MUMBAI: The 40-year-old security guard of the Mother Teresa School, Malwani, has been arrested for assaulting a student, damaging his eye. Doctors said Amir Patel (10), a Classstu IV student, may lose vision in his right eye.The police said that Amir went to the school lavatory with classmates during the recess on Thursday, when he stopped at a water spout. Security guard, Raees Khan, was reprimanding some children who had been playing pranks and was waving a stick at them when Amir passed by and got struck, a police official said.Amir was taken to a local hospital by the school authorities and was later shifted to Bhagwati Hospital in Borivli.The Malwani police have arrested Khan under Section 326 of the Indian Penal Code for \"causing grievous hurt with a weapon\".Sources said there were some issues between the boy's family and school over who would bear the cost of treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15441718", "title": "'Mining policy needs study'", "text": "PANAJI: Goa mineral ore exporters association (GMOEA) has raised concern over the cap on total exports proposed in the mining policy and stated that the additional financial burden imposed on the mining industry is a matter of concern.There are many detailed provisions in the policy which require greater study, stated GMOEA. The government, in its draft mining policy, which was tabled on the floor on the last day of the monsoon session has stated that dump exports shall be capped at 25 million tonnes maximum in any season, which is included in the total capping of 45 million tonnes maximum, annually. The draft policy has also said that all mines will be asked to put in place corporate social responsibility schemes, setting aside 3% of their net profit of the previous year.GMOEA president Shivanand Salgaocar welcomed the draft mineral policy since it 'lays down broad framework for development of the mineral industry in Goa, dispelling uncertainties which confronted the industry in the recent past'.'Regulatory mechanism proposed is most progressive and will ensure that the production export and transport of minerals is monitored, to maintain total transparency,' the GMOEA president stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "15441124", "title": "Revival of Sindri fertilizer plant approved", "text": "SINDRI: The Board of Industrial and Financial Restructuring (BIFR) has finally approved the revival proposal of the closed Sindri fertilizer factory. With this, the last hurdle in the revival of the industrial status of this premier fertilizer township has been cleared and the state-owned steel behemoth Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) can go ahead with its plan of setting up a 5.6MT steel plant along with 1.15MT urea and 1000 MW power plant.The Sindri fertilizer factory was referred to BIFR after it was declared a 'sick unit' in 1992 along with four other units of Fertilizer Corporation of India Ltd. (FCI) and as the Centre failed to submit any viable revival scheme to the board, it finally called for the company to be wound up. The Union cabinet on September 5, 2002, approved closure of eight fertilizer units belonging to FCI and HFC, the two highest loss-making public sector companies at that time. Nearly 2,250 employees of the Sindri factory were made to retire under the voluntary separation scheme (VSS).The decision to shut the Sindri fertilizer factory, the mother of all public sector fertilizer companies, was always under question as the plant was fully utilizing its production capacity when the government decided to close it down.The irony can well be understood by the fact that this factory was given the 'Best Production' award among all the urea plants of the nation award after being declared sick.However, after the change of guard at the Centre in 2004, the Union government informed the company bench of Delhi high court, which was hearing a case related to the liquidation of the assets of the closed units and clearing dues, that the government intends to revive all the closed units and appealed to shelve the liquidation process.The Congress-led UPA government had finally altered it' predecessor NDA cabinet's decision on April 12, 2007, and decided in principle to revive all the eight closed plants subject to availability of natural gas and constituted an empowered committee of secretaries to decide on further modalities.The committee of secretaries recommended the revival of the Sindri, Ramagundam and Talchar units of FCI on nomination basis and the remaining through open bidding system, which was approved by the Union government.As per the recommendations, while the assets of the Sindri factory was to be handed over to a joint venture between SAIL and NFL , the assets of the Ramagundam unit was to be handed over to an EIL-NFL venture and that of Talchar unit to a joint venture between RCF, CIL and GAIL . The FCI accordingly signed an MoU with SAIL and NFL, giving them land use rights in lieu of which SAIL agreed to give 11% equity share to FCI in the proposed SAIL Sindri Projects Ltd (SSPL).When all these documents were produced before the BIFR, it heard the case on July 13 this year and reserved its judgement. As per the proceedings published on the BIFR website, the board allowed the petition for revival of the factory.However, the bench headed by Sarojbala and Y K Gaiha was not satisfied with the proposal for allotting 11 percent equity share to FCI and directed the two parties to consider upward revision in wake of transfer of huge amount of land and assets. It also directed the company to run at least one unit on its own by utilizing the fund generated by selling scrap and equipment of the closed factory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441328", "title": "Flak for Delhi Jal Board's bulk connection plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Jal Board has said it cannot provide individual connections to all floors in a building that is more than two-storey high as massive usage by multi-storey buildings lead to problems with water supply to tail-end areas.DJB has already written to Delhi Development Authority and the three municipal corporations asking them to make it mandatory for such buildings to have an underground tank to which the board will provide a bulk supply.The letter, written by DJB CEO Debashree Mukherjee, has asked the civic agencies to bring about a change in building bylaws. \"DJB will provide a bulk connection to the underground tank and will not provide individual connections to buildings that are more than double-story,\" says the letter. \"Building owners will be responsible for distributing the water,\" said the official. At present, the bylaws allow construction up to three-and-a-half floors.DJB officials say this rule already exists and they have only stressed on it again to ensure that new buildings should adhere to rules. \"Our system is meant to supply water only up to two floors. Delhi has seen a massive growth though there is just not enough water to meet demand. Because of unauthorized construction, people have been using booster pumps to draw up water. This means that there is not enough supply to provide to colonies that are located in the tail-end of the supply network,\" said a senior DJB official.However, the proposal has come in for massive criticism, not just from residents but also from the civic authorities. Y S Mann, director (press and information) of the corporations, said the civic bodies will discuss the plan.\"How can at one level we officially permit people to build over three storeys and then deny them independent water connections. DJB should not give connections to illegal floors but it would be a nightmare to provide a common supply to buildings. Storage tanks would also mean that water is left standing and could become a breeding ground for mosquitoes if proper maintenance is not done,\" said a corporation official.\"Water sharing is highly contentious. How will residents know who has consumed how much water and then how much bill to pay. Will it mean that we will still have independent meters? The idea is highly problematic and some other solution needs to be thought out,\" said P R Joshi, a resident of IP Extension.Times ViewDelhi Jal Board's idea is bound to create chaos in multi-storeyed buildings. It should be clear to anyone familiar with life in apartments that supplying water to a common underground tank and leaving it to the occupants of the building to work out who gets how much is a recipe for daily strife. DJB's task does not end with producing enough potable water and making sure it reaches buildings. Ensuring equitable distribution of water to the capital's residents is surely very much part of DJB's mandate. It cannot look for the easy way out by outsourcing that job to individual building owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15443436", "title": "Governor wants research to be focus of education", "text": "COIMBATORE: Higher education in the country should be able to produce education that is of international standards, said Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah, while speaking at the inauguration of the SCAD World School and the Institute of Technology at Palladam on Friday.Rosaiah stressed that higher education should create interest among students for innovation and research. Our education sector should encourage students to take up research. Education should be able to help in assimilating knowledge. It should also help in building competency, dynamism and the ability to face challenges. The youth of the country should shoulder the responsibility of taking the nation to greater heights, he said.Earlier in the day, Rosaiah had presided over the convocation ceremony of Bharathiar University. He conferred degrees to over 48,427 graduates, among them 275 Phds and 1,400 MPhil holders.R M Vasagam, chairman, National Design and Research Forum, who delivered the convocation address at the university, said the young graduates must strive for a balanced approach to usher in prosperity in the country. Science and technology is needed for sustained national development. Like green revolution and white revolution, which helped advance the agricultural sectors, the coming generations must usher in social and economic transformation of our country, he said.The aim for India should be to become a developed country at the earliest. Though we have attained leading positions in some fields like the export of jewellery and garments, we have to raise the living standards of our people. Vasagam said that the Indian education system had also contributed in fields including space, agriculture, atomic energy and others. So our educated youth can provide their own contributions, he said.C Swaminathan, vice chancellor, Bharathiar University, said several national and international conferences are being conducted in the university. Several academics from the university have published their works, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "15442910", "title": "Habra twin-murders accused arrested in Rajasthan", "text": "BARASAT: One of the prime accused in the 2009 Habra twin murders case, Chandra Sekhar Debnath, was picked up from Rajasthan on Thursday night. Another prime accused, Raju Dam, a Trinamool Congress leader of Habra, and his two associates are still absconding. Dam allegedly masterminded the murders of Congress leader Bapi Chowdhury and Trinamool Chhatra Parishad leader Ranjit Roy.With the arrest of Debnath, police have nabbed 14 of the 17 accused in the case. Police said Debnath, a close aide of Dam, had organized the entire operation and hired contract killers under his instructions. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15442003", "title": "Maoists expel Italian abduction mastermind Sabyasachi Panda", "text": "KOLKATA: Sabyasachi Panda, the Maoists' Odisha strongman who masterminded the kidnapping of Italians Paolo Bosusco and Claudio Colangelo this March, has been expelled by the CPI(Maoist). The Odisha government will see his ouster as a boost in its battle against the insurgency, but security officials fear an escalation of faction fights and violence in the state's Maoist infested and rural areas.Panda, secretary of the CPI(Maoist)'s Odisha state organizing committee, was considered one the promising leaders of the outfit. His expulsion was announced in a press statement by the party's politburo member Anand, who is also secretary of the party's central regional bureau. The decision to remove Panda was taken by the central committee.Party insiders said Panda had long-standing differences with central committee members, which came to the fore after the killing of Laxmananda Saraswati in Kandhamal in 2008. However, Panda, one of the prime accused in the case, had protested against the murder of the Hindu religious leader. The central committee, too, later acknowledged it had differences with Panda. The middle-aged Odiya leader also opposed the domination of cadres from other states, mainly Andhra Pradesh and Chattishgarh. Maoist leader Kishanji, who led the Bengal insurgency till he was killed last November, had brokered peace between the Panda and the central committee.But the differences cropped up again over the abduction of the Italians. During subsequent talks with the government, Panda agreed to stop violence in Odisha. But another faction shot a policeman at Malkangiri and abducted BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka. Panda opposed it publicly and told the media that Maoist cadres and leaders from Andhra and Chhattishgarh have been exploiting tribal cadres and workers in Odisha. The outburst earned him a showcause from the central committee.At that time Maoist central committee did not react. But sources said that following such allegations, the rift between the Andhra leaders was widened and the central committee show caused.One of the reasons why Panda rebelled was his bitter personal equations with Ramkrishna, a senior Telugu Maoist leader in charge of the Andhra-Odisha border special zonal committee. Panda's wife Mili had hinted that he may give up arms if the state withdraws all cases against him. On July 14 this year, Panda wrote a 16-page letter to CPI(Maoist) secretary Ganapathy, accusing the party of mindless violence and terror. He also said party leaders from Andhra and Chhattisgarh were exploiting tribal and woman cadres.\"He has turned into a revisionist and his all allegations are wild and baseless,\" Anand said in the statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15446926", "title": "Meet the fire spinners of Mumbai", "text": "Poi, the art of swinging blazing wicks attached to metal chains has just come into the city. Mumbai now has the world's favourite beachside flairOn a really dark late evening you might find them at a beachfront, dancing flames in hand, or if you're careful enough and secretly make your way into their league, you can witness their skills atop a terrace or in an open space. Say hello to Mumbai's fire spinners or Poi experts, who admit they have to get diplomatic with more than just the fires in hand. As spinner Mayuri Pitale says, \"To keep away from trouble we have to seek apt permissions if we involve fire spin in a public place or then we just discretely light up on our terraces! But yes , there have been so many opportunities to play with fire because of permissions.\"What the fascination is all aboutPoi is defined as a visual performance art that includes a weight suspended from a length of flexible material held in the hand and swung in circular patterns. The act can be performed with fire, LED glow or by itself. An art that originated amongst the Maori tribe of New Zealand, used mainly to improve skills in self defence and weaponry, Poi has evolved into an enigmatic performance art. Reveals Mayuri, \"Poi is just not about fire; it's more about the technique involved. It can be played with glow, LED lights or simple colourful ribbons; fire is just another ingredient that you add to enhance the performance and it takes this performing art onto a new level of exhilaration with a streak of adventure- the crowds love it!\" Adds fellow spinner Ishita, \"Travelling through the hippie town of Pushkar, I picked up what seemed like a colourful wall hanging with ribbons on the ends. It was only a few months later, when a friend visiting from Goa pointed out that it was not a wall hanging but a pair of 'poi'. Thus began my tryst with it. After learning my first move, I was hooked onto it forever!\"Courting danger?Isn't Poi scary as one can hit oneself in the head while doing it? \"It is just like cycling,\" she says. \"At first you have the fear of not being able to balance yourself, but gradually, as you get the knack of balancing, you can do it with ease. Soon, you pedal your way and start feeling the breeze flowing through your hair, with your nose to the wind and have an amazing sense of achievement. Poi is just like that, you hit, you fail, you ramble, but then, you don't give up and keep practicing. In fact, the more you hit yourself the better you learn. Besides, the Poi heads on the practice are usually softer tennis balls or balloons filled with rice or wheat, now that won't hurt.\"Takes you into a tranceOne hears the spinning needs to have the performer concentrate \u2014 and is like getting into a trance. She agrees. \"As you play along you get so absorbed that it becomes an active form of meditation. And yes, playing Poi is a great workout for your mind and body alike.\" Says Sagar Pitale, sailor by profession and founder of their group, \"Although Poi is the upcoming new performance art all over the globe, in India, there are still not many formal communities for it. Most of the Poi spinners here are mostly self-taught through online lessons and introduced to the art through a friend. We formed our outfit to organise workshops to introduce more people to this beautiful art.\"Mayuri recommends Poi for anyone looking to try something new. \"Everyone who has ever played Poi will express a deep sense of fulfillment through this art. I started playing Poi three-and-a-half years ago, then took a big break when I had a baby and started playing as a hobby a year ago. But, how I wish the community was bigger so that the like-minded people could come together and spin to have a great time! After all, more than anything else, playing Poi is plain simple fun. It's the perfect party booster; an eye-catcher!\"So, if you are looking for something that is going to make you feel great \u2014 physically, mentally and emotionally \u2014why not pick up a pair of Poi and start spinning today?ismat.tahseen@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15443392", "title": "Lady Goschen will get state-of-the-art facility", "text": "MANGALORE: The 164-year-old Government Lady Goschen Hospital in the city will get a state-of-the-art 1.5 lakh sqft building with all multi-speciality facilities soon.Public sector oil company ONGC-MRPL has decided to fund Rs 21 crore under its corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiative to construct the new building for the hospital.The hospital, which was opened in 1848, had 90,000 sq ft space. The government demolished a portion of the building measuring 30,000 sq ft to construct the new facility in 2011. With ONGC-MRPL funds, now the government is all set to build a four-storied building with a basement and ground floor. Union minister for corporate affairs M Veerappa Moily took up the matter with Jaipal Reddy , his cabinet colleague to get the necessary clearance for ONGC-MRPL to donate a large chunk of their CSR outlay for the project.Earlier, an Andhra Pradesh-based entrepreneur K Raghava Naidu had offered to donate Rs 18 crore for the construction of a multi-storied building for the hospital a year ago in memory of his daughter. Following this, the government had demolished a portion of the hospital building immediately to facilitate the construction of the new building. However, even after a year, not even the foundation work is taken up and poor patients are being put to hardships due to lack of space in the existing building.Raghava had expressed his desire to develop Lady Goschen Hospital in memory of his daughter KR Keerthi and Mangalore City South MLA N Yogish Bhat facilitated the foundation laying ceremony. Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa had laid the foundation stone in the presence of Raghava on April 17, 2011. Yeddyurappa also had felicitated Chittoor-based businessman Raghava and his wife KR Rukmani for promising Rs 18 crore for the building at the ceremony. However, all promises remained in paper after Yeddyurappa lost power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15443390", "title": "PWD contractors\u2019 body splits into two", "text": "NAGPUR: The rift between public works department (PWD) contractors of the city is now in the open with many smaller contractors resigning from membership of Nagpur Contractors Association (NCA). Twenty-four PWD engineers were suspended due to a writ petition filed by NCA in Nagpur high court.The office-bearers of the new association - Vidarbha Contractors and Engineers Association (VCEA) - have alleged that the bigger contractors, who were office-bearers of NCA were ignoring the interests of smaller contractors. They even alleged that some NCA office-bearers were getting contracts through blackmail.Vinay Sahare, executive president of VCEA, alleged, \"NCA office-bearers did not consult the members before filing the petition in HC. Some of them regularly seek information under RTI from PWD and then blackmail the officers concerned to get big contracts. Their bills running into lakhs get cleared but the smaller contractors, who do jobs costing 5 lakh or less, are not getting a penny. We have decided to form a separate organization to protect our interests.\"Sahare further charged that the NCA bosses just did not take cognizance of pleas of the smaller contractors regarding non-payment of dues by PWD. \"We are in dire straits. Unless we get payment on time, we find it difficult to make our two ends meet. We do not have money to take up new contracts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441932", "title": "Toy train monsoon trials off to slow start", "text": "MUMBAI: Trials carried out by Central Railway (CR) on Friday to establish the feasibility of toy train services between the 3-km Aman Lodge and Matheran section during the monsoon season proved inconclusive.Trials will continue on Saturday, after which a report will be submitted to the commissioner of railway safety (CRS), Central Circle, whose approval is mandatory to run services during monsoon.A senior official said, \"On Friday, we realized that cloud formation and fog in hilly areas affects visibility. It would not be possible to run trains due to poor visibility if there is cloud formation. We can still run the service at such places by instructing the engine driver to halt the train till visibility improves.\" The other area of concern was the effectiveness of the braking system during heavy rains.The areas of concern during Friday's trials were the braking system and visibility during the rains", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "15442718", "title": "Investors in Tirunelveli file complaints against emu farm", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Close on the heels of cases being filed against emu farms in western Tamil Nadu, complaints have been lodged in Tirunelveli against one of them from Perundurai in Erode district.The public, who had invested in the emu farm rushed to the police after finding the office of the company that ran the emu farm shut down for the past four days. City commissioner of police, Karuna Sagar, has ordered for an inquiry.Ever since the emu farming scam came to light, all offices of such contract farming firms in Salem, Erode and Coimbatore have been closed. The police have begun a manhunt for the managing director of Susi Emu Farms, M S Guru, while several other players in the business also went underground to evade arrest. In Perundurai, the emu hub, all 28 firms involved in the dubious business remained closed.In Tirunelveli, many people said they invested about Rs 1.5 lakh each in Queen Emu Farms based in Perundurai and had asked the police to help them get back the amount. While about a dozen people lodged the complaints, police expect more to follow suit.According to the complaint, the company had approached them with a promise of Rs 6,000 every month besides Rs 20,000 as annual bonus if they invest Rs 1.5 lakh. The complainants said that they found the proposal attractive and had invested the sum. They were provided six chicks each and were provided feed for the birds periodically by representatives of the company who had their office near the Tirunelveli railway station. After the Tirunelveli office of the emu farm was closed down, there was no one to supply feed, the complainants added.\"The representatives paid us Rs 6,000 for the past four months. But after learning that another emu farm cheated its investors in Erode, we visited the office of our firm. But it was found locked. We tried to contact the officials of the company but all their cell phone numbers were switched off. The landline phone in the head office was also not answered. Finally, when we got hold of one representative, he told us not to panic and that soon the office would be opened,\" said an investor. But the public went ahead and lodged a complaint doubting that they were being deceived.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15448011", "title": "We have made tremendous progress: Ashok Soota, Happiest Minds", "text": "BANGALORE: Ashok Soota, 70, have always been proud of MindTree and that's why in 2008 he set the firm an ambitious sales target of $1 billion by 2014.But two years later, Soota left the Bangalore-based mid-sized IT services company started by ex-Wipro executives, to start his new venture, 'Happiest Minds'.Soota believes the firm has made \"tremendous progress\" in its first year having added 24 clients, and that its expertise in cloud, analytics and big data could beat its larger rivals.In an exclusive interaction with ET, Soota shares with Indu Nandakumar the company's long term goals, its expertise and what it took to build a new enterprise. Edited excerpts:Happiest Minds is now a year old. Could you share some from the highlights from your first year?I started this company with an aim to focus on the new disruptive technologies, which include cloud, analytics, big data, mobility and unified communications.To use them to create transformational solutions for our customers and be able to interfacing these new technologies with older legacy systems - that I think is the new story.One year down the line, I would say we have made tremendous progress. We see large traction in retail, travel, hi-tech etc. Telecom is another area where we have customers. We got 45 million dollars of funding and have 24 customers across the world in all businesses.We got an ISO 27000 certification which I believe makes us the youngest company in the world to get it. Also, besides the VCs, all 12 co-founders have invested in the company. We'll soon have 500 employees. We started with the US, UK and India.In the US, we already have 7 centers, and one in UK and India each. In India, we'll soon open centers in Delhi and Mumbai. Our next entry would be into the Singapore market and we're talking to potential country head candidates.But most of the large IT companies have expertise in these areas, what makes Happiest Minds different?What we are essentially selling is the experience of our team. The company may not be old, but the team we have has as much experience and expertise as any of the people in the largest of the companies.We never went and told any company that we'd like to be their 3rd or 4th partner. Companies come to us because they think we can quickly turn around things in 3 or 5 months and that's really our sweet spot. When you're a large company, you need projects that are several hundred million worth.Interestingly, projects in these areas are not large. Clients test things out and then they begin to make small investments. They may prefer to deal with small companies that are agile and fast. Work we are doing is our own independent projects that we have won against many of them.We worked with one of the large retail chains on a productivity development application and rolled it out in 400 client locations in the US. We are also creating a large sized analytics offering for an online travel portal. So early in our lives, we got mentioned in 3 Gartner reports already.That said, everything is a challenge. Its not that all is hunky dory. But we have created a focus, that focus is yielding to a story and that story is resonating in the context that we have been able to attract so many clients. We have to constantly ask us whether what we have done now is going to help us go in the right direction.It is a $100 billion industry and there are thousands of companies of all sizes. Is there room for Happiest Minds?If we didn't know the answer to this question, we wouldn't have started. My fear when I started my first company was why should anyone come to us.When the internet came up, scores of companies were created. But many of them collapsed during the dotcom bubble. They probably didn't realise that the downturn could be so steep. The change today is much larger than the internet.All new technologies we talk about are opportunities. The issue of market being crowded or slowness is a problem for the larger guys and not for us. In a 100 billion dollar market, we'll find our space. It doesn't matter to me whether the market grows 15% or 10%.In good times, the day you meet your customer and the day you sign the deal typically takes 8 months. If we haven't done well, how did we get 24 clients in the last one year?Does your focus on niche areas like big data, cloud and unified communications make it hard to attract the right talent?It is a 100 billion dollar market and there is talent that's delivering it. I don't subscribe to the view that talent is deteriorating. I think every generation is brighter than their previous generation.The talent pool has gotten large and the reservoir from which you tap in has gotten larger. We have taken 30 people from campuses already and next year we may look at somewhere between 80 to 100. By and large we have been able to attract good talent.And trust me, people do want to work in a start-up. Firstly they don't want to be a cog in the wheel. They do realise these are new areas and it would give them wealth. We have one of the most attractive stock option schemes ever designed in the industry.Might be too early to ask, but is listing part of your plan?Absolutely. Clearly the plan is to do an IPO. We have told our venture capitalists that it takes 5 or 6 years to build a business, so as of now we have told them \"upto a period of 7 years.\" We'll watch things as it goes along.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15442039", "title": "Haryana Urban Development Authority seals three borewells in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: After the Punjab and Haryana high court's order, the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has started sealing illegal borewells in the city.In the past 48 hours, the civic agency has sealed five borewells in different HUDA sectors. HUDA sources say that the crackdown was aimed to the factory owners and institutions in Gurgaon. Earlier, the HUDA had sealed borewells in residential areas and malls.On Thursday, the HUDA sealed a borewell of an industry in Sector 33 and four borewells were sealed in the same area on Friday. The borewells had been used illegally in the factories. The HUDA teams landed up at Sector 33 and started the proceeding of sealing the borewells.There was no resistance from the factor owners who admitted that they had not registered the borewells and were drawing water for commercial purposes.Alarmed at the depleting ground water level in Gurgaon, the court had ordered the city administration and civic agencies to seal all the illegal borewells in the city. The HUDA is in an overdrive mode after the court order and the list of sealed borewells would be compiled and submitted in the court.A senior HUDA official said that all the places like factory, institution and residential areas, which have the regular HUDA water connection, will face action. The HUDA is now preparing a list of industry and institution, based on data pertaining to water connections in the city, which will be checked for using borewells. Separate teams of HUDA officials have been formed to find out about the under-construction housing projects in upcoming sectors. In order to take appropriate action against the private builders' colonies, the HUDA has roped in the town and country planning department to cull out details of the private colonies which have water connections.Another senior HUDA official said that borewells being used in the builders' colonies would also be sealed if they are having HUDA water connections. It may be recalled that the court had barred any new licenses for new construction in Gurgaon unless the colonizers gives an undertaking that ground water would not be drawn for construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15443388", "title": "Make PoP idols, face action: Chandrapur Municipal Corporation to artisans", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: With just over a month left for Ganesh festival, newly formed Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC) has moved in to prohibit use and sale of Ganesha idols made of Plaster of Paris (PoP). Commissioner Prakash Bokad held a meeting of artisans involved in making of Ganesha idols and warned them to refrain from making or procuring PoP idols.\"Artisans from Kumbhar community and others were summoned to the meeting. They were warned not to use PoP to make Ganesha idols,\" said commissioner Bokad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15447280", "title": "Kajal in Milan", "text": "Looks like Kajal Aggarwal is one globe-trotter! The actress, who her hands full with films in Tamil, Telugu and Hindi, has been travelling around Europe for one of her Telugu films.A source says, \"Kajal has been shooting for her Telugu films since last month. She has been shooting with Jr NTR and Ravi Teja , and is currently stationed in Milan for her Telugu film. Her hectic shooting schedule didn't allow her to even attend the audio launch of her Tamil film, Maattrraan , which was held in Singapore. However, she is scheduled to join the team in Norway from next week for a song shoot.\"Meanwhile, Kajal had reportedly said that her dream was to work with Vijay, which got fulfilled as she's doing Thuppakki with him. \"She loves Vijay's dance moves. She feels he can do an action scene as effortless as he can perform in a romantic scene. She has become a huge fan of his!\" the source adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15443571", "title": "Rahul Sharma relegated from Team India to A'", "text": "MUMBAI: On a day when India and South Africa announced their squads for the T20 World Cup in Sri Lanka next month, two players who were caught in a rave party during the IPL, face contrasting fortunes.Leg-spinner Rahul Sharma was missing from the Indian line-up while South African left-arm pacer Wayne Parnell has been selected. He was, however, named in the India 'A' squad.Both Sharma and Parnell tested positive for cannabis in the Juhu party that was busted by Mumbai police in July.Both cricketers face arrest - a mandatory procedure - for testing positive and will be summoned by the Mumbai police. Their statements are yet to be recorded.Sharma had confidently stated that he would quit playing if he tested positive for drugs. The words came back to haunt him as selectors decided to drop the lanky bowler from the Test and T20 squads.Parnell maintains that he was simply at the wrong place at the wrong time.Hailing from Jalandhar, Sharma plays for Sahara India Warriors, and it was after Pune's elimination from the tournament that he visited the party as a guest.The BCCI gave no official reason for dropping Sharma from the senior team. However, his replacement- Uttar Pradesh leggie Piyush Chawla - was certainly not a top contender either.In fact, Chawla had a poor World Cup last year and since then has only remained on the fringes.\"I don't know why everyone is in a mood to execute Rahul Sharma without even going into the details,\" BCCI president N Srinivasan had said when Sharma's name first cropped up. \"The BCCI will first procure each and every bit of information and then study them before deciding on the course of action,\" he had added.However, there is no official word on why the cricketer has been dropped from the senior team now and shifted to India 'A'. Cricket South Africa maintains that there has been no official communication from BCCI on Parnell and therefore they see no reason in dropping the player.Former India captain Sourav Ganguly has thrown his weight behind Sharma. \"I don't think it was a performance-enhancing drug for which Rahul should be punished,\" Ganguly had said.\"I think it was one of those strange incidents. One unfortunate incident should not cost him his national place.\"He should be punished, but I don't think it's such a grave issue that he should be banned from playing for India. BCCI needs to counsel him.\"Sharma, who will not be playing for some time now and has to go through police formalities, will indeed get some counselling from the board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15440880", "title": "Three Naga National Council cadres nabbed in Tirap", "text": "Itanagar: In a well-planned joint operation, Assam Rifles along with Arunachal Pradesh Police apprehended three Naga National Council (NNC) cadres in Tirap district.The operation, which was carried out at Deomali on August 7 last, led to the apprehension of self-styled pvt Joywang Moingchan, self-styled corporal Toto Rochill and Wangtung Socia, AR sources said here on Friday.Moingchan, who hails from old Laptang village confessed that he had joined the outfit in December last year and was appointed as chairman/regional secretary of NNC during interrogation. He was serving extortion notes to the villagers, the sources said.Rochill, a resident of Surrumi in Zunheboto district of Nagaland , said he had been an active cadre of NSCN (K) from 2007 to 2010 and joined NNC in 2010. One 9mm pistol with 6 live rounds of ammunitions, one 7.65mm pistol with 7 live rounds, extortion money, an extortion note and a motorcycle were seized from them. The cadres were later handed over to Deomali Police.Earlier in April this year, Assam Rifles apprehended an NNC cadre, Khapwang Mema from Deomali, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441939", "title": "10 Kingfisher Airlines flights cancelled on Day 3 of stir", "text": "MUMBAI: Kingfisher Airlines on Friday cancelled six flights from the city as a section of pilots refused to report for work for the third consecutive day. According to officials at the Mumbai airport, four flights to Delhi and two to Chennai were cancelled.Four arriving flights were also cancelled. Airline officials said some pilots have refused to report on duty due to non-payment of salaries over a period of time. The disruptions are likely to continue even on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "abuja", "code": "15443184", "title": "Kenya fossils hint at new species of early humans", "text": "ABUJA: Scientists have discovered that there were two additional species of early human living alongside our direct human ancestral species-homo erectus- almost two million years ago.The new fossils were discovered east of Lake Turkana in Kenya between 2007 and 2009 by the Koobi Fora Research Project (KFRP), led by Meave and Louise Leakey. Researchers found a face, a remarkably complete lower jaw, and part of a second lower jaw.The researchers studied them alongside the enigmatic fossil known as KNM-ER 1470 (or \"1470\" for short).This skull, readily distinguished by its large brain size and long flat face, ignited a longstanding debate about just how many different species of early Homo lived alongside Homo erectus during the Pleistocene epoch.Its unusual morphology was attributed by some scientists to sexual differences and natural degrees of variation within a single species, whereas others interpreted the fossil as evidence of a separate species. The study was published in Nature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15441551", "title": "Collective storage of four dams stands at 66%", "text": "PUNE: The collective water storage in four dams that supply water to the city reached 19.37 TMC (66.47% of total capacity) on Friday evening. The irrigation department continued to release water (2,568 cusecs) from Khadakwasla dam into Mutha river for the third consecutive day.On Wednesday, 7,419 cusecs was released, while 3,424 cusecs was released on Thursday.An official with the irrigation department said water storage in the dam has already reached its maximum capacity. Hence, water was released to accommodate inflow of rain water. There is good inflow of water in dam as the catchment areas registered continuous rainfall.The official further said water released into Mutha river flows into Ujani dam about 100 km from Pune. The dam supplies water to Solapur city.Besides release of water in Mutha river, the irrigation department has been releasing 1,300 cusecs water through the Mutha right bank canal since last week. This has allowed the Pune Municipal Corporation to lift additional water for city.According to the department, water storages in three other dams have crossed the half way mark. Panshet dam is filled 69% of its capacity. Varasgaon is 62.52% full, while Temghar is 54.99% full.Varasgaon received 38 mm rainfall on Friday, while Panshet and Temghar received 37 mm and 15 mm respectively. Khadakwasla received 8 mm rainfall.Since June, catchment areas of Temghar received 1,816 mm rain followed by Varasgaon (1,651 mm), Panshet (1,521 mm) and Khadakwasla (358 mm).Meanwhile, the water storage in Pavana dam that supplies water to Pimpri-Chinchwad reached 5.81 TMC (68.32% of total capacity) by Friday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441738", "title": "No relief for locals over civic body\u2019s Bandra fair policy", "text": "MUMBAI: A Bombay high court bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar on Friday held that no interference was called for in the BMC's new policy, which enables greater number of stalls this year on three roads leading up to Mount Mary Church for the Bandra fair.Petitioner Lillian Pais and another Bandra resident had moved the court against theBMC for acting \"contrary to its earlier notification\" in its August 4 policy. The residents, through their lawyer Pooja Thorat, argued that the BMC was allowing more stalls this year on roads that were as narrow as 25 foot. She said there were 280 stalls now on three roads, including the 35 foot-wide Rebello Road and St John Baptist Road. She said the joint inspection was over and the BMC wanted the residents to accept a policy drawn up by them even while there were objections of inconvenience.G W Mattos, advocate for the authorities, said the BMC took a policy decision as directed by the HC earlier after hearing all parties. On August 3, senior traffic police inspector Rajendra Chavan had written to the BMC about its objection to stalls on St John Baptist Road. But the BMC included it in the policy issued on August 4.The HC disposed of the plea with liberty to BMC to review its policy each year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15443484", "title": "Surya Yadav keen to use Sachin's tips in New Zealand", "text": "MUMBAI: On a day when Mumbai cricket fans had to deal with the double blow of star bat Rohit Sharma being dropped from the Test side and talented opener Ajinkya Rahane not finding a place in the World T20 squad despite an impressive IPL, there was some cheer when 21-year-old middle-order batsman Surya Kumar Yadav was included in the India A squad that tours New Zealand in September.Surya, as he is fondly called, was one of the few success stories of Mumbai's Ranji Trophy campaign last season with a tally of 754 runs in nine games @ 68.54.Yadav's rise has been noteworthy since he has practically just one first-class season behind him (he played only one Ranji game in 2010-11 , when he made his debut), but anyone who saw the young man demolish attacks with minimum fuss knew that he was a special talent cut for a higher grade. In fact, many feel that he should have been selected for the 'A' team that toured West Indies recently.\"I rate the hundred he hit for West Zone against East in the Duleep Trophy quarterfinal highly as we had been reduced to 41 for four. His biggest asset is his tremendous self-confidence. This is a huge opportunity for him. People get picked for 'A' tours after toiling for at least three to four years in first class cricket. He should grab it with both hands,\" said Mumbai coach Sulakshan Kulkarni.The Chembur boy, meanwhile, is focused on preparing for the tour. \"I am very happy with this break, but I am now concerned about how to prepare for this trip in the short time that I have,\" says Yadav.New Zealand wickets are known to aid seam and swing, but Yadav has his plans sorted out. \"I will practise against the bowling machine at the BKC indoor academy. If Sachin Sir is there, I will seek his advice and how to play there. During my stint with Mumbai Indians , he gave youngsters plenty of tips about the technical aspects and how to be mentally tough.\"The young turk, who idolizes Virender Sehwag as his hero, is sometimes blamed for playing one attacking stroke too many, says he has 'tamed' his game a bit. \"I haven't changed my natural game, but I do stop myself from playing an attacking stroke when the situation demands me to be careful,\" he said.The NZ tour will tell us how good Yadav's technique and temperament is.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15442553", "title": "Government gets 12 days to frame rules for school transport", "text": "CHENNAI: More than two weeks after Class II student Shruthi died in a freak accident involving her school bus, the Madras high court has given 12 more days for the Tamil Nadu government to come out with draft rules to regulate use of all vehicles carrying school children in the state.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, which took suo motu notice of the death of Shruthi on July 25, gave more time to the state government, but added that the latter should be ready with the draft rules without asking for any more adjournments.As the court expects rules governing 'vehicles' and not buses or vans, the rules will cover all types of vehicles that are used to carry school children, and is not confined only to school-owned vehicles, as is being sought to be made out by private van/bus operators.Shruthi died after slipping through a gaping hole on the floor of the Zion Matriculation Higher Secondary School bus near Tambaram on July 25. The school correspondent, bus crew and contractors, beside the motor vehicle inspector concerned, have been arrested in connection with the incident. The bench took suo motu note of the criminal negligence and asked the government to frame rules to improve safety measures in school buses within two weeksOn Friday, when the matter came up for further hearing, advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan sought two more weeks for finalizing the draft rules. \"We have taken the court's direction seriously. We are also considering rules from other states,\" Navaneethakrishnan said.The judges, pointing out that the Supreme Court had already issued directives and guidelines to regulate the use of school vehicles, said the transport department had issued a circular in that regard on August 17, 2006. \"Hence, in our view, there may not be any difficulty for the government to immediately frame rules incorporating the effective measures to be taken by transport operators for the purpose of use of vehicles meant for carrying school children,\" they observed.They also recorded advocate R Y George Williams' submission that a total of five accidents involving the death of school children had taken place due to rash and negligent driving by drivers, ever since the high court had taken suo motu note of Shruthi's death.Earlier, advocate NGR Prasad, representing a PIL-petitioner, said operation of school buses had been highly commercialized, and added that adherence to the distance factor as prescribed in the Right To Education Act would reduce children's dependence on vehicles. As per the RTE Act students from Class I to V shall be from one kilometer distance of the school, while students from VI to XII shall be from three km distance, he said.However, the bench said: \"We have to see the rights of the children too. If there is an English medium 10 km away and a government school within one km, can anyone be compelled to admit his children in the nearest school,\" asked the bench. \"It is not the question of how to restrict the public. It is the question of minimising the accidents,\" the bench added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "10428387", "title": "No shame in seeing a sex therapist", "text": "Whenever we suffer an asthmatic attack or a lung infection, we immediately go to a chest physician. If our digestive system gets dysfunctional, we do not hesitate to go to a gastroenterologist. For a skin problem, dermatologists are consulted promptly.But whenever a man suffers from a sexual problem where he can neither enjoy sex himself nor can he satisfy his partner, he either avoids going to a sex therapist, or is ignorant about the existence of such a specialist, who is trained in treating sexual problems. If a woman suffers pain during intercourse or finds herself unable to reach an orgasm, she, at the most, may visit her gynaecologist, but would never think of consulting a sex therapist. Here are some situations/conditions when one should consult a sex therapist.nWhen one finds that he or she has no desire, low desire or altered desire for sex. 'Altered desire' implies a person who experiences intense and recurrent sexual urges, behaviours or fantasies that involve unusual objects, activities or situations and cause clinically significant distress or impairment in social, occupational and other areas of functioning.- When the sexual desire and need of married partners mismatches most of the time. - When a man either fails to 'attain' or 'sustain' an erection in spite of appropriate sexual stimulation i.e. Erectile Dysfunction. - When a man is unable to penetrate and perform intercourse during sexual intimacy with a willing partner. - When a man ejaculates earlier than his own or his partner's expectations persistently on a regular basis, i.e. premature ejaculation, resulting in a complete lack of sexual satisfaction for both partners. - When a man takes an excessively long time to ejaculate, or is unable to ejaculate in spite of proper sexual intercourse with a willing partner, i.e. Retarded ejaculation. - When he or she has disturbing doubts and anxieties related to their sexual desire, arousal, capability, stamina, performance or even satisfaction.- Whenever he or she has doubts or anxieties about the anatomy and functioning of one's own or the partner's sex organs. - When he or she has disturbing attitude issues regarding their own or their partner's role in a sexual act. For example, who should take the initiative, what is the correct technique and duration of foreplay, what should be the correct frequency of intercourse, when and where intercourse should or should not be performed, who is supposed to be an active partner, etc. - When he or she is obsessively preoccupied with sexual feelings, desires or urges that it is affecting their ability to perform essential human duties. - When he or she has urges to engage in perverted sexual behaviours such as sado-masochism, bestiality etc. - When intercourse is not happening, or is painful, in spite of mutual willingness, cooperation and participation. - When a woman is unable to achieve orgasm during sexual encounters with a loving partner in spite of mutual cooperation and active participation. - For a proper sex education session before one's marriage where all the facts and myths related to intercourse are addressed. - When a person is confused about his or her sexual orientation and preferences. - When a person is struggling with feelings of guilt and shame regarding sex, and is unable to enjoy the experience. - When a person has had unprotected sex with an uncommitted partner, and could be pregnant or could have contracted a sexually transmitted disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "dindigul", "code": "15442674", "title": "For these Dindigul villagers, hockey is a way life", "text": "DINDIGUL: For the villagers of N Panjampatti in Dindigul district, hockey is a way of life. They play the sport for the sheer love of it. The village's tryst with hockey dates back to pre-Independence, for even then, it produced an exceptional player, K V S Maria Soosai, who was with the British Army and played for the British team then.The seeds of hockey were planted in the village from pre-Independence era due to its association with the defence services as Panajampatti is also known as a military village as many are in the armed services. Further, the Government Higher Secondary School started in 1966 laid special emphasis on the sport by forming an exclusive hockey team. The first physical education teacher of the school, Muthu, by 1967, started a hockey team which flourished till 1970. However, there was a downturn by 1980 as the sport lacked patronage with no instruments for the youth to play then. But a few dedicated youth in the village wanted to bring back its glorious past. In 1987, the villagers started 'Indus Hockey Club' in Panjampatti, which celebrated silver jubilee this year.M Francis Joseph from the village who is also a professor of history narrates those earlier days. Francis is the president of the Indus Hockey Club as well.M A Subbiah, former physical director of Gandhigram Rural Institute, and S D Fernandez, guided the villagers and supported them during the initial days of the club. \"In 1984 and 1985, after completing my college, I wanted to bring back hockey but we were struggling even without proper hockey sticks. We used to carve out hockey sticks from trees and bind unripe guava fruits with cycle tubes to make them into hockey balls. It was at that time that Subbiah and Fernandez provided us with sticks and equipment and supported us to start the club,\" he recalls. From then on, Panjampatti always ruled in the field of hockey and successfully started a women's team in 1991. Every year, the club organises a state-level hockey tournament in Panjampatti village on a big scale.The village has produced more than 70 talented hockey players till date and most of them are well settled. \"Along with hockey, we always insisted on education and found every means to push our boys and girls into educational institutions through the game of hockey. Our motto of hockey is 'Education - Discipline - Service\", says Francis. Today, the next generation from Panjampatti, armed with the game, are studying in various colleges in the state. \"All our hockey players are well settled in life with good jobs because our club insisted on education along with hockey. We are proud to be part of the club and our village,\" says A Nepul Raj from the village who is also an assistant professor of media studies in a Chennai college.Despite coming a long way, the villagers do stress the lack of patronage for the sport. \"If India should rule in hockey, hockey must develop in the villages again. But unfortunately, we are far away from that goal due to lack of infrastructure and good coaches at the grassroots level,\" points out R Sathesh Franklin, organising secretary of Indus Hockey Club and assistant professor of physical education in a Madurai college. As a next measure, the hockey players of Panjampatti are planning to encourage the sport in local schools. \"We are planning to take the sport ahead and start hockey teams in government schools nearby. Our intention is to encourage hockey in all government schools. We are planning to do so with a few neighbouring schools on an experimental basis,\" Francis added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15441280", "title": "PCMC to post details of properties on website", "text": "PUNE: Citizens and prospective property buyers in Pimpri-Chinchwad will now be able to check details of all authorised properties, by which they would be able to avoid any possible financial losses. The details of the authorised properties and plots reserved in the development plan will be posted on the official website of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC).Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi on Friday said people, who have migrated from various parts of the country, now reside in the city and are purchasing houses. \"The common man is mostly unaware of the legalities of investing in real estate. As a result, if a person buys the property and if it turns out to be an unauthorised construction, the person stands to face loss. The PCMC is, therefore, preparing a list of authorised constructions which have been built in the city till now, and also those that are in construction stages,\" he said. The details will also be made available at citizen facilitation centres.The PCMC is also preparing a list of builders and developers who have constructed buildings without permission. \"We will not give building permission to such developers, builders and architects in the city in future to prevent the mushrooming of unauthorised constructions,\" Pardeshi said.The civic administration, he said, is also preparing a list of old unauthorised constructions which have minor violations of Development Control (DC) rules and can be regularised by paying some administrative charges. This information will be made public in a month. As a result, many unauthorised constructions in the city can be regularised and the common man will get some relief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15443373", "title": "Maharajbagh zoo master plan ready", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapith (PDKV), which manages the Maharajbagh zoo, has warned of legal action against the consultant for delaying the zoo master plan, the Jan Sansadhan Vikas Sanstha (JSVS), engaged for the job, said final plan will be submitted by August 25.Speaking to TOI from Bhopal, wildlife consultant and retired assistant conservator of forests (ACF) VK Mishra of JSVS said that the delay has been caused for various reasons. There were several corrections in the draft plan.CZA's major objection to the plan was the Nag nullah flowing through the zoo. Most of the important enclosures including that of tiger were close to the nullah, which needs to be covered.\"We have now shifted the enclosures to the other end,\" Mishra said. One of the reasons for the delay was that data was never submitted by the zoo in time. \"For the past two months, we waited for the data,\" he added.Evaluation and monitoring officer of CZA BK Gupta said that CZA's technical committee has suggested changes. The PDKV will have to comply with the changes suggested by the technical committee before a go ahead is granted for physical implementation of the plan.Mishra said that final changes are as per the technical committee's suggestions and hence entire process of three stages will not have to be followed now at the CZA. A presentation will be given before the committee in Nagpur by August-end.Zoo in-charge Dr SS Bawaskar said he sent a reminder to the consultant on July 25 on early compliance of the plan. On August 7, he again sent a letter warning about the legal action for the delay.\"The PDKV has paid 50% (2.5 lakh) towards consultancy fees. The balance will be paid once the plan is approved,\" he said.The JSVS submitted the final plan in May 2011. In June the Rs10 crore plan was submitted to CZA. In September, consultant made a presentation but the plan was returned for compliance in October.In January 2012, additional information was sought by the consultant but the information was sent in February and the layout plans in May. Still it took more than two months for the consultant to finalize the plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15449843", "title": "Incidents of officer-jawan face-off a matter of concern: Antony", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defence minister AK Antony today voiced concern over incidents of face-off between officers and jawans but said that the armed forces are capable of handling them on their own.\"Each incident is a matter of concern to me but armed forces are better trained to handle such situations. They are handling it in their own way. Today also I had a brief discussion with the Army chief and they are handling it,\" he said on the sidelines of a function here.The minister was asked about the three major incidents of brawl between officers and jawans in the Army, the latest involving personnel of 16 Cavalry unit in Samba in Jammu and Kashmir after a jawan committed suicide.In May, similar situation had erupted in 226 artillery regiment in Ladakh and in a separate case, officers and jawans of 45 Cavalry unit had fought with each other in June last year in Gurdaspur in Punjab.Court of inquiry (CoI) in all the three incidents is under progress.Asked about suicide cases in the armed forces, Antony said, \"Even if there is one suicide in armed forces, I am always pained. Compared to the past, the number of suicides and fratricides in armed forces are slightly reduced.\"But I am not happy as even suicide by one soldier is a matter of pain to me. But over the years, we have been able to reduce the numbers gradually,\" he said.Asked about the increasing Chinese pressure along the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in Finger Area in Sikkim, the defence minister dismissed it as an \"aberration\" saying the overall situation all along the boundary was peaceful.\"It is not a new issue. Sometimes it happens like that as there is no officially-accepted points on entire border. There are seven eight disputed points in this border. In these disputed areas, both sides are patrolling. We have our own patrolling and they have their's,\" Antony said.The minister said sometimes \"unfortunate incidents take place but these are aberrations only and not a regular thing. Now we have recently set up a border management mechanism. That is also now functioning very effectively. By and large, India-China border is very peaceful.\"On the high-level committee formed by the Prime Minister to look into pay and pension anomalies of the armed forces, he said, \"Our government is very sensitive and sympathetic to the welfare of the armed forces. The committee under the cabinet secretary is discussing the matter. I hope for a satisfactory report at the earliest.\"Asked if the demand for representation of armed forces in the committee has been accepted, the defence minister said, \"the committee has twice invited the armed forces chiefs. First the Navy chief as chairman, chiefs of staffs committee and then recently all the three chiefs went there to give their views.\"The armed forces have pointed out several anomalies in their pay and pensions and have demanded the elevation of all lieutenant general-rank officers in to a higher pay scale and 'one-rank one-pension' for the ex-servicemen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15443526", "title": "Ollur MLA joins public in blocking NH at Vaniampara", "text": "THRISSUR: A group of people led by M P Vincent, the Ollur MLA, blockaded NH 47 at Vaniampara on Friday demanding that the potholes on the highway in Kuthiran area be filled at the earliest.Vincent said protests against the poor condition of the highway would continue till the potholes on it are filled to facilitate easy movement of vehicles. He also demanded that the chief minister intervene in the issue.The poor condition of the 10-km stretch between Pattikkad and Vaniampara is causing perpetual traffic congestion on the highway. And on account of this, many buses have either diverted their services or stopped plying altogether.On an average, traffic gets clogged on this stretch for six-seven hours a day.Authorities had mooted a six-lane stretch between Mannuthy and Vadekkenchery to solve this problem. But work on this road has not started yet as land acquisition has not been completed. \"It was expected to be completed in two and-a-half years, but two years have passed since that decision was taken, and nothing has happened, a National Highway Authority of India official said.\"The present road was built around 1975. It is not equipped to bear the high volume of traffic on this route seen now. Thrissur Expressway Ltd, which won the tender for filling up potholes, can finish the work in ten days if there is no rain,\" he added.Police in Peechi are finding it tough to clear the traffic. A M Abdul Salam, sub-inspector, Peechi said: \"We have deployed ten police personnel in Kuthiran to handle the problem. Five highway policemen are also there to assist them. Vehicles that get damaged on the stretch due to the potholes aggravate the situation,\" he added.Commuters are also having a hard time. \"The traffic jams are affecting our daily movement. We depend on buses from Palakkad to reach Thrissur town. It has become difficult to reach hospitals and offices in Thrissur these days,\" said K M Paoulos, a resident of Pattikkad.Many buses from Palakkad to Thrissur now take the Pazhayannur-Chelakkara-Vadekkenchery route, and those from Thrissur to Palakkad now ply on the Pazhayannur-Alathur route, making life difficult for commuters in Kuthiran area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15442172", "title": "Soon, bus service to Agra via Yamuna Expressway", "text": "NOIDA: With the Yamuna Expressway formally opened to the public on Thursday, the Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (UPSRTC) will soon launch bus services to Mathura and Agra through the expressway. After getting orders from senior officials, a team of roadways officials in Greater Noida is currently undertaking a survey to identify passenger requirements and frequency of bus operations to the two destinations through the speedway.\"The bus service through Yamuna Expressway is expected to begin as soon as next week. Route requirements through Greater Noida and passenger volumes at stops are at present being analyzed before starting the service,\" said SK Verma, a senior UPSRTC official.The roadways said that a complete fleet of buses would be made operational, though the exact number of vehicles would be determined only after the survey is analyzed. At present, UPSRTC runs three buses to these destinations from Noida, but the journey through National Highway-2 is tedious with heavy traffic and numerous stoppages. \"Routes of these three buses might also be re-adjusted to run through the expressway,\" said Verma.Buses which would begin their journey from the Greater Noida bus depot would enter the expressway after passing through Pari Chowk. \"Details of fares, stoppages and the model of buses to be used will be shortly determined,\" added Verma.With UPSRTC strengthening its service to Agra and Mathura through the Yamuna Expressway, commuters would find it a lot easier to travel to these destinations in Uttar Pradesh from various locations in the NCR region via Noida and Greater Noida. A total of 20 buses are run by UPSRTC from Noida and Greater Noida to Delhi from out of a fleet of 78 which operates in Gautam Budh Nagar district. \"Once a robust public transport system through the expressway is put in place by UPSRTC, Agra would be much closer to Delhi,\" said Verma.The state road carrier has a network of services to other nearby towns and cities as well. Eight buses travel to the nearby district of Bulandshahr and six buses travel to Ghaziabad district. Two buses travel to the nearby town of Gulaothi in Bulandshahr. \"There would be an integration of the existing service network with the new service to be started through Yamuna Expressway. This would enhance connectivity for passengers between NCR towns and other cities of Uttar Pradesh,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15442825", "title": "Bengal, Jharkhand to hunt Maoists jointly", "text": "KOLKATA: There have been claims of peace in the once violence-ridden Jangalmahal and the situation returning to normal following a series of surrenders by Maoists. But all is not quiet in the three districts of Purulia, Bankura and West Midnapore, particularly along the porous border between West Bengal and Jharkand.Some believe that many Maoist leaders from Bengal may have slipped into the neighbouring state. The state and the Jharkhand governments are hence planning to hold joint operations to hunt down the red rebels who have taken refuge in the hills and dense forests.State DGP Naparajit Mukherjee on Friday confirmed that a joint operation between the two states was being planned and will be carried out soon. \"There will be operations. But I cannot disclose the details,\" Mukherjee said at a press conference in Writers' Buildings on Friday. He admitted that talks on the issue have already been held at the IG level.While joint operations in Maoist areas are not uncommon, the planned operations will be of a bigger scale and is aimed to stub out the insurgency in the region.Of late, there has been a spurt in the number of surrenders by Maoists. Ever since the state introduced a compensation for Maoists who give up arms, 32 of them have surrendered.In July, while top Maiost leader Bikram was arrested, two of his squad members - Shikha Hansda and Champa Hembrom - surrendered before police at Writers' on July 30.Since Kishanji's encounter death on November 24 last year, there have a steady number of arrests in Jangalmahal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15448981", "title": "Venkatesh\u2019s Shadow wraps up Malaysia schedule", "text": "The unit of 'Victory' Venkatesh's Shadow has returned from Malaysia after a long schedule. Director Meher Ramesh has filmed a song and few high-octane action scenes on the Venkatesh and others. The next schedule of the film would commence from August 19 in Mumbai.Venkatesh plays an underworld don in the movie, which is touted to be an all out mass entertainer. Apparently Venkatesh is playing a character that has multiple shades in the movie. Taapsee Pannu is paired opposite Venky in the lead role while Srikanth and Madhurima are also essaying important roles.Shadow is produced by Paruchuri Kireeti under the United Productions banner. The movie, which shot in the locales of Hyderabad, Switzerland and Malaysia, has Thaman composing the tunes. Kona Venkat and Gopi Mohan have written the script for this film, which is slated for release in January 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15446130", "title": "Brangelina not marrying in France this weekend", "text": "Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's marriage, which was rumoured to happen this weekend in France is not happening, according to sources.According to reports, the couple are hosting some kind of event at their chateau with guests including Pitt's parents and Jolie's engagement-ring jeweler.But multiple sources have said that there is no wedding this weekend, People Magazine reported.The local newspaper Var Matin also shot down a France 3 TV report of a Saturday wedding.And officials in the village say they don't know anything about it and that it likely couldn't happen anyway.\"Under French law couples have to get married at the town hall,\" Patrick Mareschi, deputy culture secretary of the nearby village of Correns, said.\"Unlike with a religious wedding, there's no way a couple can hold a civil ceremony at their own home.\"Photo agency X17 also said that they found out nothing when they looked into the scene.\"We sent an X17 photographer all the way down to the south of France - it's pretty much in the middle of nowhere - to check out Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's chateau Miraval to see just what's going on and ... drumroll, please ... there's NOTHING going on!\" the website said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15442165", "title": "Process starts for elevated road along Shahdara drain", "text": "NOIDA: In a bid to streamline traffic flow between Noida and Kalindi Kunj, the Noida Authority has finally invited the Expression of Interest for the much-delayed elevated road that will run above and parallel to the Shahdara drain. Once complete, the 5.8km elevated road, which will start from the Chilla regulator near Sector 14A and go up till the Master Plan Road-III, will not just decongest Noida, but also reduce driving time into Delhi, Faridabad and Ghaziabad.According to Noida Authority officials, the tender formalities will be completed within the next 15 days. Once complete, the elevated road will serve as a dedicated fast-access, signal-free corridor for vehicles moving between Noida and Kalindi Kunj and reduce the travel time between Delhi and Noida considerably. The road will be constructed on stilts and each of the carriageways will be of three lanes on either side.\"With Noida caught in a continuous traffic jam due the ever increasing vehicle density, the city desperately needs major traffic solutions. This elevated road will bring great relief for commuters as it will reduce the traffic burden on roads of Sectors 14, 14A, 15, 15A, 17, 18, 38A, 94 and 95 besides Kalindi Kunj,\" said a Noida Authority official. A smoother access will also be provided to Jhundpura via the Udyog Marg, crossing of Sectors 12-22 and 56 on the Master Plan-I road and the Noida-Greater Expressway via the Master Plan-II road,\" he said.The design for the elevated road has been approved by IIT-Delhi and the Authority is currently finalizing the alignment of the project. The project is scheduled to be completed within 18 months from the time when construction work begins.Starting from Chilla Regulator near the Noida Gate to Kalindi Kunj located on the border of Noida and Faridabad, the Shahdara drain enters the city at Sector 14, 14A and runs along Sector 95 to drain out into the Yamuna below the Kalindi Kunj Bridge. Along the way, the drain flows under bridges located at Udyog Marg, Master Plan-I road, Master Plan-II road and the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway link road via Master Plan Road-III.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15443344", "title": "Students condemn attack, women's commission chief's statements", "text": "MANGALORE: Students on Friday vented their ire against vigilante groups who attacked boys and girls and also questioned the logic behind Karnataka State Women's Commission (KSWC) chief C Manjula's remarks against the victims of Morning Mist Home Stay attack.At an interaction programme held under the aegis of All India Catholic Union Federation, Women's Forum and Human Rights Cell of St Aloysius College and Catholic Association of South Kanara, students raised their voice against recent attacks on girls and boys in the name of culture.\"How can a birthday party or any other celebration be illegal? How can the chairperson of women's commission make such an irresponsible remark blaming the youth, who were partying at Morning Mist Home Stay? Was she trying to divert the direction of the whole episode? Is she corrupt? Was she paid to make such statements?\" Haris, a student asked.\"What youth can do to prevent such attacks,\" asked another student Suman.Moderating the interaction programme, former director general of police FTR Colaco said that the post of chairperson of women's commission is more of a political placement. \"The Karnataka State Women's Commission is a functionary of the party in power and the chairperson is not independent. The statements of chairperson Manjula had evoked anger in minds of people across the state. Instead of consoling the victims of the attack, the chairperson has gone to the extent of submitting allegedly prejudiced and biased report to the government,\" he said.\"Police, who are investigating the case, had given a clean chit to the youth and stated that it was not a rave party. However, it is ridiculous that Manjula has submitted a contradictory and baseless report which said boys at the party consumed drugs,\" Colaco said.Answering to the queries of students on why perpetrators of pub attack incident were not convicted, Colaco said, \"The investigating agency failed to prove the charges in the court as victims, especially girls, do not dare to complain due to social stigma.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15443397", "title": "Almost 99% schools in Nagpur division fail RTE norms", "text": "NAGPUR: A study by UNICEF has found that almost 99% schools in Nagpur division fail to meet the mandatory infrastructure requirements under the Right To Education Act (RTE). UNICEF sourced its data purely from the state education department and found that the six districts in this division were lagging behind.The UNICEF study says there are 12,457 schools in the six districts of the division and only 194 of them meet all infrastructure parameters. Some of the compulsory infrastructure parameters include playground, boundary wall, classrooms, separate toilet for boys and girls, facility for drinking water, games room etc. Ganesh Nigam, the UNICEF consultant who shared the data at a RTE convention in city on Friday, said, \"All these figures are for the academic year 2011-12 and based on inputs provided by education officials to the District Information System for Education. We have just tabulated it to give a perspective on the ground realities.\"Additional chief secretary in charge of school education department JS Saharia reminded education officials of the need to be more vigilant on the ground. He said, \"You now have the power under RTE Act, so use it. Go for inspections regularly, check all facts and enforce the rules strictly because now it is the law of the land.\"Sanjay Deshmukh, who heads the RTE implementation initiative in state, warned that the clock was ticking for everyone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15441568", "title": "FC Road to soon get four eyes-in-the-sky", "text": "PUNE: The serial blasts on the Jangli Maharaj road on August 1 has prompted a city-based mandal to use the 'dahi handi' contributions collected for Janmashtami celebrations for installing four CCTV cameras having a range of 40-metres at a cost of Rs 1.5 lakh at prominent locations on Fergusson College Road - from Vadeshwar restaurant to the Goodluck chowk.The decision to install CCTV cameras in the area followed a meeting that 14 mandals in the Deccan Gymkhana area had with the Deccan Gymkhana police station officials recently. During the meeting, every mandal was exhorted to install at least one such camera at a preferred location.The Akhil Fergusson Road Mitra Mandal, which will install the four CCTV cameras, has been celebrating the festival of Janmashtami since the last 10 years.\"We would spend Rs 1.5 to 2 lakh every year on the 'dahi handi' set-up, which would include putting up a pandal, allocating prize money as well as calling dhol-tasha groups. This year, however, we decided to use this money for installing four CCTV cameras at different locations on FC Road. The police officials had requested all the mandals to install at least one such CCTV camera at a location of their choice. We thought that it is better to use all of the contribution money to install the cameras,\" said Vishwajeet Jadhav, president, Akhil Fergusson Road Mitra Mandal.\"We had undertaken a similar initiative in 2009, when swine flu was at its peak in the city. We had distributed swine flu masks to pedestrians during Janmashtami,\" said Jadhav.Aditya Satpute, a member of the mandal as well as the proprietor of the firm that will install the CCTV cameras on August 15, said, \"These cameras are infrared cameras that can also capture images in pitch dark. Moreover, they can capture an area up to 40 metres. A four-channeled DVR ( digital video recorder ) is connected to the four cameras and will contain 24-hour recording of up to 25 days.\"He added that one of the cameras will be fixed diagonally opposite the Vadeshwar restaurant on FC Road, while another will be fixed opposite Sagar Arcade. \"Another one will be fixed at a spot from where it will capture the traffic flow coming from the Goodluck chowk towards FC Road. The fourth camera will be able to capture the rear view of the vehicles going towards FC Road,\" he said, adding that the locations are subject to changes.The output will be transmitted to a nearby location, where the DVR would be kept. \"The monitor attached to this DVR will show live images captured by the four cameras,\" Satpute said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15443127", "title": "250 egret chicks killed by school", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bird song held no allure for the authorities at a school near Haldwani in Uttarakhand whose decision to fell a tree that was home to a flock of nesting cattle egrets led to the death of some 250 chicks and dozens of distraught adult birds were left homeless.Finding the cattle egrets, a protected heron species, to be a nuisance, the management of Prabhat Tara School ordered the tree with the nests be hacked down. Dozens of chicks perished on the spot, while many others were buried in a pit under the supervision of the authorities.On hearing of the wanton act, a team of forest officials rushed to the spot on Wednesday and got school principal Sister Dina and senior administrator Father Solomon to reveal what had happened. The officials recovered dead chicks near the tree and were led to a spot where more had been hastily buried.Haldwani deputy forest officer Amit Verma said Sister Dina and Father Solomon have been charged under wildlife and forest laws and are in judicial custody. Forest officials have recovered evidence from the school - situated at a place called Chorgalia - and an accomplice has been held too.The school managers have been charged under Sections 29, 39 and 51 of the Wildlife Act and Sections 4 and 10 of the Tree protection Act. \"Sister Dina and Father Solomon were produced in court on Thursday and have been sent to 14 days judicial remand. We recovered only four live chicks, while an estimated 250 died and 76 nests were destroyed,\" said Verma.The forest department was tipped off by complaints from parents whose wards told them about what had happened at their school. \"When a team from the forest department raided the school, a huge Pakar tree was found lopped for which no permission had been granted,\" said sources.Four live chicks and another four dead one were found among the cut branches lying on the ground. Initially, the management said that it was not aware of the matter but the accused finally confessed that the tree cutting had been ordered by them as the birds were creating a nuisance.Later at night, Father Solomon led the forest team to the school church where 29 chicks were found buried. The remaining chicks were buried in a field a little further off. \"The operation was carried out during interval on Wednesday afternoon,\" said sources.A school employee was made to chop the tree while the involvement of students in burying the chicks has also been alleged. Some of the children were very disturbed by the incident and told their parents who finally complained to the forest department. The raid went on till the wee hours of Thursday after which the two accused were finally arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15442862", "title": "Red Ribbon clubs to spread awareness about Aids", "text": "PATNA: Red Ribbon Express, which was inaugurated by UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi in 2007, is reaching Patna in two phases - August 23-September 10 and October 13-October 29.Directives have been issued to all red ribbon club (RCC) members to organize on-platform activities such as street plays and demonstration to create awareness about HIV/Aids among youths.Last year Bihar State Aids Control Society (BSACS) had launched RCC which now has 300 members from various colleges and educational institutions of Patna.Through RCC, youths are encouraged to learn about safe and healthy lifestyle. The club also promotes access to information on safe sex and enabling them to become change agents in HIV and Aids programme.BSACS project director Sanjiv Kumar Sinha said the RCC's target is to cover as many youths as possible. \"Our aim is to first disseminate awareness about the disease among club members so that they could create a chain of youths who can create awareness about the disease,\" he said.He said the Red Ribbon Express has special audio-visual mediums displaying causes of HIV/Aids and it has also a condom vending machine.Sinha further said last year 102 school teachers from Patna district were imparted training on creating awareness about the disease. \"The district magistrate will decide whether those teachers will be involved in the awareness programme during the arrival of the train,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15442626", "title": "Tamil Eelam Supporters\u2019 Organisation meet M Karunanidhi's chance to become leader of Tamils", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Eelam Supporters' Organisation (Teso), recently revived by DMK chief M Karunanidhi , has run into trouble on the eve of a much-hyped conference scheduled to be held in the city on Sunday. While the Centre submitted in the Madras high court on Friday that it would ensure the word 'Eelam' is dropped from the conference title, 'Eelam Tamils Rights Protection Conference', the state government said it was likely to deny permission altogether. The move has come as a big blow for the DMK chief, who, political observers say, had hoped to use the conference as a platform to project himself as a leader of Tamils across the world and crusader of their rights in the global arena.Even before the DMK could firm up the conference agenda, the UPA government had made it clear to its partner that it would have to drop any move to adopt a resolution demanding Eelam (a separate Tamil land in Sri La nka). On July 15, then Union home minister P Chidambaram rushed to Chennai to meet Karunanidhi to caution him against taking up the Eelam cause at the conference. The following day, Karunanidhi, even while dismissing reports that Chidambaram had discussed the issue with him, announced that the Eelam demand would be dropped from the agenda of the conference. The move triggered rumblings of protest among DMK leaders and cadres besides sections of the Tamil diaspora.The ministry of external affairs has apparently made clear its views on Eelam, particularly when India has been striving for cordial ties with Sri Lanka. Not satisfied with Karunanidhi's promise that the Eelam agenda will not figure at the conference, the MEA sent a letter to Teso secretary Hasan Mohammed Jinnah on August 9, saying it had no reservations against the participation of foreigners in the conference, but the word 'Eelam' should be removed from the conference title. It also asked the organisers to seek clearance from the ministry of home affairs and \"other competent authorities\" to hold the conference.Driven by compulsions, both political and administrative, the ruling dispensation in Tamil Nadu might well exercise its choice not to give permission to hold the meet. For Karunanidhi, the conference is an opportunity to pep up the morale of the beleaguered DMK cadres by exploiting the emotive Eelam issue. Unfortunately for him, help is not forthcoming from the Centre either as his present agenda is at odds with the UPA government's line of thinking on the matter.However, eager to ensure the success of the conference, the DMK has put pressure on the Union government to issue visas to all the foreign dignitaries who have confirmed their participation. Of the 36 foreign dignitaries expected to participate in the August 12 conference at YMCA Grounds in Chennai, 12 are Tamil leaders from Sri Lanka. Until Friday, the last working day ahead of the meeting, 22 could manage to get visas, while the rest, whom the Centre believed had close LTTE links, were denied travel documents, sources said. \"The Centre has its own concerns and we must also consider that. However, we are putting pressure on external affairs and home ministries to get visas for all dignitaries before the meet,\" DMK spokesperson T K S Elangovan told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15441954", "title": "Senior citizens killed in JP Nagar", "text": "BANGALORE: Venkateshaiah, 74, and his wife Swarnamba, 68, were on Monday looking forward to having lunch together at their home on 10th Cross, JP Nagar I Phase. Little did they know those were their last moments.On Friday morning, police found the decomposed bodies of Venkateshaiah and Swarnamba in a bedroom. The couple's cook had reported to neighbours a foul smell emanating from the house.Venkateshaiah, who had retired from the education department as a first-division clerk, and homemaker Swarnamba had no children.\"The couple was most probably killed on Monday afternoon. The cooked lunch was untouched in the kitchen,\" said a senior IPS officer who inspected the two-bedroom ground-floor home.\"The bodies were decomposed. From what we could make out, their throats were slit, but there are also signs of smothering. There are signs of the woman having made a desperate struggle. A knife is among the evidence collected, but it's yet to be confirmed if it was used in the murder,\" he said.The bodies were found in a bedroom located on the left side of the house. The room had been ransacked. It's not known if any valuables are missing.\"There are no signs of a forced entry. The main door was bolted from inside and the back door locked from outside,\" the officer said. He claimed that police have definite clues, and could arrest the killers soon.Venkateshaiah and Swarnamba had moved into the house in 1978, one of the first families to do so in JP Nagar I Phase. Following his retirement in 1994, the house had been their world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15442733", "title": "Engineering colleges ready to settle for smaller hike", "text": "HYDERABAD: Majority of the private engineering college managements agreed to settle for a fee structure of Rs 40,000 on Friday. The managements have also asked the government not to introduce online counselling for their management quota seats. A final decision on the fee structure is supposed to be taken only on Monday. The government, however, is adamant that the fee be fixed at Rs 35,000.About 100 of the 133 colleges that had submitted audit records to the Admission and Fee Regulatory Committee ( AFRC) have, however, insisted that they want a fee higher than Rs 50,200.Talks were held between college managements and deputy chief minister Damodar Raja Narasimha on Friday.Meanwhile, minority college managements, in a news conference on Friday, stated that Muslim students should be included under the purview of the fee reimbursement scheme.\"Students from the Muslim community were given backward status in the Sachar committee recommendations. Then why is the state government not including them in this welfare scheme,\" asked Zafar Javed, general secretary of the AP Minority Educational Institutions' body.About 212 minority colleges have asked for a 25% fee hike this year. \"The fee has not been revised in the past three years and, hence, we have demanded a 25% hike in the fee structure,\" Javed said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15441068", "title": "Attack on NTPC officials: Probe launched", "text": "RANCHI: Khunti police has started investigations into the attack on NTPC officials at an under construction power sub station in Raniya village on Thursday.Sources said the attack was made for extortion. The area is a PLFI zone and local criminals were behind the incident. tnn\"A team of Khunti police recorded the statements of NTPC officials - Ravi Bhushan Singh, Nilesh Chaudhary, Aditya Kumar and Ratan Lal in Ranchi,\" said Khunti SP M Tamil Vanam. An FIR was lodged in this connection with Raniya police station.Ravi Bhushan Singh had sustained serious injuries in the attack. Singh is under treatment while all others have been discharged. The officials have told police that the criminals had also opened fire in the air.Vanam said that police vigil in the area was intensified following the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15441874", "title": "Saptah hawkers to get Rs 65K compensation from Mormugao municipal council", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa consumer disputes redressal forum (SGCDRF) has directed the Mormugao municipal council (MMC) to pay compensation ranging from 20,000 to 25,000 to two vendors for its failure to provide space during Vasco Saptah fair in 2004, even after the vendors had paid an advance licence fee of 400.Shaila Vernekar and Geetanjali Raikar, both residents of Margao, had booked hawkers' spaces with the MMC for the Saptah fair from August 24, 2004, to August 28, 2004. But when they went to set up their stalls, both were surprised to find that their spaces were being occupied by somebody else. When the duo brought the matter to the municipality's notice, the civic body expressed its helplessness and failed to provide them the spaces booked by them in advance. Both vendors later filed separate complaints before the consumer forum.The SGCDRF has awarded an amount of 25,000 to Vernekar and 20,000 to Raikar (in separate judgments) towards the net profit which they would have earned had they conducted their business in the allotted space. They are entitled to be paid 9% interest on the amount from the date of filing of the complaint until realization. Besides this, the forum also ordered that an amount of Rs 10,000 be paid to both the vendors, as damages towards mental agony and inconvenience caused to them.The three-member forum led by SGCDRF's president Jayant Prabhu rejected the defence put up by the MMC that there was some error in their computerized system. The forum observed that the MMC had failed to substantiate its claim that the other persons (to whom the spaces booked in advance by the complainants were allotted) had also applied for the hawkers' space.\"This forum therefore has every reason to believe that one of the officers from the MMC has manipulated the space allotted to the complainants for an illegal consideration,\" the order states.The forum also turned down MMC's argument that the complainants had failed to be present at the fair venue to take charge of the spaces booked by them. The forum observed that \"such an excuse seems to be fabricated only to shield the concerned officer of the MMC, who has manipulated the computer records for his personal gain\".The forum has directed MMC's chief officer to conduct a departmental inquiry \"to find out the irresponsible officer who has manipulated the records and/or to find the officer involved in denying the space which the complainant was legally entitled to\". \"The chief officer, therefore, shall recover the damages awarded to the complainant from his salary in installments,\" the order states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15443010", "title": "LPG loading workers in district call off strike", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A government intervention following the high court's interim order to maintain status-quo on wages being paid to LPG head-load workers in the district has finally brought an end to the on-going crisis that had badly hit the consumers in the state.The workers withdrew their strike after labour minister Shibu Baby John mediated a meeting of representatives of contractors, company representatives and trade union leaders.The minister, in the meeting, asked the contractors to end the row by paying the levy charges to the head-load workers' welfare fund, failing which the government would be forced to invoke the essential services maintenance act ( ESMA).The minister also said that though the labourers and contractors have the right to strike, the government cannot remain a mute spectator when people are held to ransom, especially during the festival season.The minister said that the Indian Oil Corporation had agreed that the status-quo would be maintained during the time of tendering itself, and neither the company nor the contractors can wash their hands off the matter.The contractors have now agreed to pay the levy charges and sought a month's time to sort out the issue.The consumers had to wait for up to 45 days to get their gas cylinder refills after the strike was called on July 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15443582", "title": "6 men lose Rs 9L to pretty woman", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Six youths fell victim to a pretty woman, losing Rs 9 lakh in bargain. The seventh one to be duped was a woman.Each of them paid her Rs 1.5 lakh to get them placements in firms at Delhi and abroad. Though they had met her several times, none of them know her real name and she is still at large.The cheating came to fore when the woman did not fulfil her promise of arranging jobs for them. Police said out of seven, three youths \u2014 Kulwant Singh, Anil Thakru and Kamal Kapoor \u2014 were from Patiala. The case was registered on Friday at PS-17.Kulwant Singh said he along with six others had approached World Job Recruiter in Sector 22 after seeing an advertisement.\"When I contacted her after a month-and-a-half after paying the money, she asked me to come a fortnight later. However, next time too, the woman came up with an excuse that there's no job for me,\" Kulwant added. Other six, too, met the same fate.Sub-inspector Ram Rattan said, \"The owner of shop, from where placement service was running, would be quizzed for ascertaining the whereabouts of the woman.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441243", "title": "Daily bread becomes dearer as flour prices go up", "text": "NEW DELHI: Earning your bread and butter has turned a bit harder. Rising prices of flour have led to a rise in bread prices by Rs 2-3.At present, Harvest Gold, which claims to enjoy a major share in the premium bread market, has increased prices of most of its products and is set to increase for remaining goods. Britannia's small loaf has also become expensive by Rs 2. With the major players having scaled rates, prices of other brands are also expected to go up within this month.\"Harvest Gold's white bread has gone up from Rs 22 to Rs 25, while the smaller loaf has gone up from Rs 15 to 17 and another variety from Rs 12 to Rs 15. Its pizza base has also become more expensive. Britannia's small loaf is the only other bread to have seen a price hike. Now that one brand has hiked rates, other brands are sure to follow in the coming week or so,\" said a retailer in Patparganj.According to industry sources, a sudden rise in price of flour and other raw materials had pushed Harvest Gold to revise their prices last week. \"In the past two years, the price of flour had been rising but only very gradually. But the last two months saw a sudden and rather substantial jump in prices. Flour being the main ingredient in bread, profitability had taken a drastic hit. If the brand is not to compromise on the quality it has been offering, raising prices was the only way out,\" said a source.Selling at current rates was not an option that major brands could afford for long, they added. \"Harvest Gold has raised prices for only some major products and will be rolling out a further hike in other products. Similarly, Britannia has raised the price of only its small loaf. Indications are that there will be a price rise across the board in the near future. There are also indications of a diesel hike later on in the year. If that happens, a further rise in prices can be expected,\" they said.With the industry cribbing, retailers too say that flour prices have seen a rise in the past month. \"All branded flour has gone up by Re 1 per kg. Not just that, sugar too has become expensive by Rs 2 per kg,\" said a kirana shop owner in Preet Vihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15440656", "title": "All India United Democratic Front leaders meet PM, Sonia Gandhi in Delhi", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) on Friday met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and demanded immediate scrapping of the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) and dismissal of Tarun Gogoi as the chief minister of the state for keeping ties with the BTC leadership.AIUDF's lone Lok Sabha member and perfume baron Badruddin Ajmal led the 20-member strong delegation, including 17 party MLAs of the state in three back-to-back meetings with the three national leaders in New Delhi on Friday. The AIUDF delegation also met President Pranab Mukherjee and vice-president Hamid Ansari .\"As long as Tarun Gogoi remains as the chief minister, there can be no peace in the state. He should be dismissed immediately as he is maintaining close ties with the Bodoland People's Front (BPF) as a coalition partner in the state government,\" Ajmal said, adding that it is up to the Congress leadership to decide on this party matter.The AIUDF, while demanding scrapping of the BTC in its memorandum to the PM, stated that the Bodoland territorial treaty was \"against the interest of the non-Bodos in the trouble-torn BTAD (Bodoland Territorial Area Districts).\"The party said in the memorandum: \"The strategic ground behind all the inhumane activities done by Bodo extremists with the help of the BTC administration are with a view to reduce the non-Bodo population from the existing 71 per cent within the BTC area.\"AIUDF also alleged that several Bodo organizations are currently demanding creation of the separate state of Bodoland \"and to make this attempt successful, interested parties are creating clashes between the communities to create a fear psychosis among the non-Bodo people by using deadly weapons in possession of various outfits operating the area openly.\"Besides demanding adequate compensation for the affected people on the lines of what was decided by the Delhi high court for victims of the Sikh riots (1984), the party sought the PM's intervention for \"meticulous mopping up by the army and security forces for immediate seizure of illegal arms and ammunition kept by surrendered BLT, NDFB cadres and other militants as well as licensed arms with civilians.\"AIUDF media secretary Haidor Hussain Bora said that on a request from Badruddin Ajmal, a five-member team of medicine specialists from Sifa Hospital in Gujarat arrived here with medicines worth Rs 10 lakh for distribution among the inmates of relief camps in Dhubri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15446472", "title": "Fix your daily chores at metro Stations", "text": "Bangalore: Drop off your laundry before you board the metro and pick it up on the way back home, have a quick haircut, fix your umbrella or handbag, get a medicine for your headache or shop for personal care\u2014all in the metro stations!Come October, Bangalore Metro stations on the Purple Line in its eastern corridor will have retail in transit facilities, where different kiosks will serve the commuters on the go. Taking a que from Delhi Metro and metro railways across the world, the Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC) has floated tenders to start retail in transit project.\"Unlike a mall experience, the retail outlets at our metro station will be functional rather than recreational. When the entire pahse one is operational, the BMRC expects over a million passengers a day, and the commuters can fix their daily chores while on the go. Over time, the metro will redefine commuter lifestyle address based on their needs,\" said UA Vasanth Rao, general manager (finance), BMRC.The outlets will be designed based on availability of space and infrastructure required to run them, also considering the security implications and commuters circulation areas.While all the five stations\u2014Mahatma Gandhi, Trinity, Halasuru, Indiranagar and Baiyappanahalli will have pharmacy shops within the paid areas of the stations and salons outside the paid areas, vending machines, currency changing machines, take-away food joints, repair shops, express laundry, florist, quick service restaurant and tea cafe will be there in each of the stations, depending on the availability of space.The tea or coffee vending machines will be coin-operated but notice stuck to it saying\u2014consumption of food is not allowed in the trains. Even the take-away food joints which will serve sandwiches, burgers, south Indian food items, bakery items, hot and cold beverages will bear same notice. You can also heat up your food in this joint in a microwave oven.Some of the services like vending machines, currency changing outlets, pharmacies, laundry and repair shops will be within the paid areas of the station and cater to the metro commuters, the services like florist, take-away food joints, salon, book, sifts and novelty store and quick service restaurants will be placed outside the paid areas.But the BMRC has mandated the bidders of the second category of services to make technical presentations of their kiosks based on technical designs, garbage disposal ways and hygiene factors before they proceed for financial bids for these spaces.The tenders have been floated from Saturday and will close during mid of September and the finalizing of spaces for these retail services will be done during the festival season of October.\"These non fare revenue collection will help us keep the fares low and reasonable for some time and also bear the Operation and maintenance cost and debt servicing,\" Rao told", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441682", "title": "War on graft: Farmers stand with Baba Ramdev", "text": "NEW DELHI: Drawn to Baba Ramdev's ongoing agitation are hordes of farmers. Pushed to the brink by crop failure, poor returns and debt, they have come to the capital in large numbers to add muscle to Ramdev's war on graft. They are not small bands of disaffected farmers but belong to pan-India groups such as Bharat Kisan Union (BKU), Rashtriya Kisan Mazdoor Sangathan, Tamil Nadu Farmers' Association, Kheti Virasat Mission, Shetkari Sangathan and others.At Ramlila Maidan on Friday, they expressed their angst over their plight and pledged to turn up in lakhs if needed to make the government listen to them. \"An event of this kind in the capital gives the farming community the chance to ask for their dues. If I start talking about our issues, it will take an entire day. Right now, farmers need financial relief from this year's drought. Wheat, potato and most other crops are failing. We also need a minimum wages programme for farmers as more and more of us are falling under debt,\" said Naresh Singh Tikait, president of BKU, and son of prominent farmer leader Mahendra Singh Tikait.National coordinator of BKU, Yudhvir Singh, said: \"We should have a Farmer's Income Commission. If our agricultural policies mimic the US and European policies, then the status of the farmer should also be raised accordingly,\" he said.Rajkumar Baliya, a farmer leader from Muzaffarnagar, said if the farmers get fair prices for their crops, it will reduce their worries to a great extent.Chella Muttu, heading Tamil Nadu Farmers' Association, lamented, \"The southern monsoon has completely failed. There is no Cauvery water for paddy. We need drought relief immediately. Now, only 10 of us have come; but if required, we can come in lakhs.\"Some other leaders claimed that even while the minimum support price for their produce was low, what they received was almost 25% lesser than that. They also claimed land acquisition has become a major problem along with a drop in the number of people giving up agriculture.Farmer groups and Ramdev's team endorsed the idea of a farmer's income commission, abolition of the Land Acquisition Act in its present form, promotion of bio-fertilizers and organic agriculture, and a stop on FDI in retail.Later, Ramdev was gifted a plough and a farmer's turban by the groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15442578", "title": "Hike in taxes for hoarding", "text": "NASHIK: The standing committee of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Friday directed the NMC commissioner to invite a joint tender of advertising hoardings within 15 days with a plan to to hike advertising taxes on private hoardings.The issue was raised by the standing committee member Vikrant Mate of the NCP.Incidentally, the NMC has its 54 hoardings of its own at 21 places. Mate said, \"NMC levies taxes of Rs. 37.15 per sq ft per month on its own hoardings. Taxes levied on private hoardings are much less at Rs 1.6 per sq ft per month. Private players charge Rs 35 per sq ft per month on their hoardings. Hence, existing taxes must be hiked to Rs 3.5 per sq ft per month. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15448679", "title": "Lady Gaga and beau Taylor Kinney celebrate first anniversary", "text": "Lady Gaga celebrated her one year anniversary with actor boyfriend Taylor Kinney on Sunday by enjoying a dinner date with pals in Chicago, Illinois.The pair dined on caviar and oysters with four friends at Spiaggia restaurant in Chicago, where Kinney is currently shooting the upcoming TV drama 'Chicago Fire ,' the New York Post reported.The 'Paparazzi' hitmaker and the 'Vampire Diaries' hunk were first linked to each other last summer when he played her love interest in her video for 'You and I', and while the pair briefly split in May, it looks like their relationship is back on track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15443522", "title": "Notice to remind bifurcation of Indore police force", "text": "INDORE: A city-based lawyer had sent a notice to the top officials of the state on Thursday reminding them to initiate steps to bifurcate city police force into two wings-investigations and law and order as directed by the High Court.Advocate Sanjay Mehra who had served notice told TOI, \"The Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh High Court had ordered to create two separate wings of police for investigation and law and order from the existing man power, while disposing a PIL filed by him over the increasing crime in Indore in 2010. Even two years after the court directives the authorities have failed to initiate action.\"He said that he had served notice to chief secretary R Parshuram, home secretary I S Dani, Director General of Police (DGP) Nandan Dubey, IG of Indore Anuradha Shankar, collector of Indore Akash Tripathi and SSP Indore A Sai Manohar.\"If they fail to reply within 15 days then I will file a contempt petition,\" Mehra said elaborating that he had filed the case in 2008 and raised the issue of increasing the police force and a separate police set up for investigation and law and order and nexus between criminal and politicians. Later then collector and SP had filed a joint reply saying that law and order situation is under control and they are making arrests in cases of crime. However, they had admitted that police stations of the city are working with inadequate staff. The then DGP had informed the court that a proposal prepared by police headquarters had been sent to government for increasing the number of police personnel and improve the police set-up.The court had disposed the petition in 2010 with an order that as per the direction of SC police can easily create two separate wings\u2014 investigation and law and order from the existing police force.Court had observed that it can be done without taking much effort.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15443394", "title": "Tech for transliteration of Konkani literature", "text": "MANGALORE: The solution to the Konkani script issue is just a click away. Thanks to the technological initiative of World Konkani Centre, Mangalore, people can transliterate any Konkani text from source script to a script of their choice. Dubbed the Konkanverter, this software programme is an automatic script converter and has been developed by the research wing of the centre under the visionary leadership of TV Mohandas Pai. This software will be launched here on Saturday.World Konkani Centre believes that the software, result of two years of work, will help resolve a major conflict between the different sections of Konkani-speaking community. Konkanverter is an online, free to use, automatic script converter for Konkani language. It will help Konkani writers reach out to a readership base almost four times larger than the present one.Some adapted applications of the software can be immense. It can be made functional in every Konkani language website. It can also be used for offline purposes such as publishing. Konkani literature in the form of e-books with such conversion facility will benefit for its wide reach and readership. Research scholars will benefit as they will not be handicapped because of many scripts.The project team is headed by Gurudath Bantwalkar, assistant director, World Institute of Konkani Language, with Konkani language experts like Melwyn Rodrigues, Gokuldas Prabhu, Tanaji Halarnkar, Rocky Miranda, Damodar Ghanekar and technical experts like Hariprasad Nadig of Sampada.net as advisors.One language, 5 scriptsFor many historical and socio-cultural reasons, Konkani people have been using five different scripts (Devnagari, Romi, Kannada, Malayalam and Perso-Arabic) to write in Konkani Language. Due to this, Konkani Literature has been divided into several script groups and not intelligible in entirety to every Konkani person. This situation has become an obstacle to a free-flow of Konkani literature and has created a rift between script communities in some domains like teaching Konkani in school and selection for awards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441339", "title": "Measures to curb graft, seize black money in place: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Baba Ramdev's agitation against the government's failure to check corruption and confiscate black money entering its second day, the government on Friday claimed that it has taken several measures to deal with the twin menace.Government issued a statement, an unusually long one, on a public holiday to catalogue the measures, including commissioning of a study by three leading think tanks to estimate the unaccounted money at home and abroad, it claims to have taken to stop the generation of black money.The note said undisclosed income of Rs 49,000 crore has been detected in the country in the last three years; foreign deposits of Indians show tax evasion of Rs 600 crore and that the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) had seized assets worth Rs 2,600 crore.Most of the details provided in the press note were also part of the press releases the government had issued more than a year ago, when agitation by civil society groups were at its peak.Reiterating its resolve to fight menace of black money, the government said its network of amended Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement (DTAA) have now been signed with 84 countries, while tax information exchange agreement with another nine countries have been signed.These exchange of information agreements and specific requests made by tax authorities have yielded results with more than 12,500 pieces of information regarding details of assets and payments received by Indian citizens in several countries have been obtained that are now under various stages of processing and investigation, it said.At home, the Financial Intelligence Unit has obtained 30,765 pieces of information about suspicious transactions which are under probe by respective agencies. The Directorate of Transfer Pricing, an arm of the Income Tax department, has detected mispricing of Rs 67,768 crore in last fiscal and Rs 43,531 crore in the current one. This has not only prevented shifting of equivalent profit out of the country, but helped the department to collect taxes of Rs 48,951 crore from cross- broader transactions in the last two financial years.The investigation wing of the CBDT has detected concealed income of Rs 19,938 crore in last two financial years. Focused searches have been conducted in a number of cases in the current year on the basis of information received from foreign jurisdictions under the provisions of DTAA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15443487", "title": "Madhya Pradesh to get doppler weather monitors", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh's first doppler weather monitoring system for accurate forecast of rains, storms and cyclones over large distances may be ready by next monsoon.Under a Union government scheme, the state was to get Doppler Weather Radar Systems in the four cities of Bhopal, Indore, Jabalpur and Gwalior at an expenditure of Rs 100 crore. The radar in Bhopal was expected to be operational this August, but delay in building construction and infrastructure layout will probably see it working in monsoon 2013.\"We were expecting to start the Bhopal radar for remote sensing operational by this monsoon. But there has been a delay in the construction of the building which will be our observatory on which the radar is to be placed,'' said director meteorological department D P Dubey.\"The observatory is a seven-floor structure near the airport. Six floors have been constructed and the seventh floor might take another two months. Once the construction work or the first phase of the project is complete, we will place the remote sensing radar on top of the structure.'' Next monsoon, Bhopal can hope to get precise weather forecast of areas within a radius of 400 km from the city.Through 24-hour automatic weather radar remote sensing, imageries are collected about cloud formation and the directions of its likely movements.Indore, Jabalpur and Gwalior may have to wait longer for their doppler observatories. \"In Indore, we are in the process of acquiring some land near the airport. In Jabalpur, the department has its own land. For the Gwalior observatory, a request has been sent to the state government for some suitable land,'' the Met director said, adding that work on these three observatories is yet to begin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15441996", "title": "Two held for killing techie, stealing his car", "text": "GURGAON: Two persons were arrested by the Kherki Dhaula police for allegedly killing an engineer and stealing his car fifteen days ago. Police have also retrieved the car from them and lodged an FIR against the two. The identity of the accused has not been disclosed yet.The deceased, 41-year-old Saji PA, was an electrical engineer with the National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) plant in Badarpur, Delhi. He belonged to Kannur district in Kerala. His wife is a native of Italy and runs a charitable institution in Darbaripur village. The couple used to live in the trust house.The incident took place on Darbaripur road on July 27. The deceased was in a hotel on Mehrauli road with his two friends. Saji left the hotel and when he was on Darbaripur road, the accused stopped him and hit his head with a sharp weapon and fled with his car, mobile and some cash. Saji was rushed to a nearby hospital by an autorickshaw driver, where he died later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15442740", "title": "IIT-Hyderabad holds its first convocation ceremony", "text": "HYDERABAD: Throwing light on the present economic situation in the country, C Rangarajan, chairman of Prime Minister's Economic Advisory Council said that India's per capita income can reach levels of $8,000 to $10,000 by 2025 if the economy grows at 9% annually. The current per capita income is $1,600. He was addressing the first convocation ceremony of IIT-Hyderabad. A total of 111 B Tech students and 80 M Tech students passed out of the institution here on Friday.A total of five gold medals were awarded to students with a B Tech degree and 11 gold medals to students with M Tech degree. Athavale Apoorva Mahindra of B Tech, Electrical Engineering (EE) stream got the president's gold medal at the ceremony. After the current admissions, a total of 1,045 students out of which 625 are B Tech students were enrolled in IIT-Hyderabad. IIT-H is now offering B Tech program in six disciplines including Electrical, Mechanical, Computer Science, Chemical, Civil and Engineering Science while all 12 departments are offering post graduate and PhD programme. Ajai Chowdhry, founder-HCL and chairman, Board of Governors, IIT-H also attended the ceremony.Referring to the current economic growth of the country, Rangarajan said that Indian economy is currently passing through a difficult phase with growth slowing down and inflation remaining high. The fiscal and current account deficits also stand at high level, he said.\"These issues need to be addressed, if we have to achieve a sustained high growth rate. However, these developments should not cloud the fact that over the seven year period beginning 2005-06, the average annual growth rate has been 8.3%,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15442608", "title": "Radiation from mobile towers may affect wildlife: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Radiation from mobile towers may have varying negative impact on wildlife especially birds and bees, according to the environment ministry.Amid concerns over health hazards and impact on wildlife due to mobile tower radiation, the environment ministry has issued an advisory asking the department of telecommunications not to permit new mobile towers within a one-km radius of the existing ones. The ministry directed that the new towers should be constructed with utmost care and precautions \"so as not to obstruct flight path of birds, and also not to increase the combined radiation from all towers in the area\".\"To prevent overlapping of high radiation fields, new towers should not be permitted within a radius of one km of the existing towers. The sharing of passive infrastructure if made mandatory for telecom service providers can minimise the need of having additional towers,\" it said.The advisory has been issued on the basis of an expert committee study. The panel was constituted by the environment ministry in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15442571", "title": "Nimse, Khandare to visit hospital over equipment row", "text": "NASHIK: The chairman of the standing committee of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) Uddhav Nimse on Friday said that he, along with municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare, will visit Bytco Hospital to verify the new equipment allegedly lying unused in the store room of the hospital.The proposal to purchase essential equipment and machineries amounting to Rs 20 lakh for all the hospitals of NMC in the city was tabled on Friday at the meeting of the standing committee of NMC. A panel member from Shiv Sena , Suryakant Lavate, objected to the proposal to purchase equipment and machineries for hospitals saying that new equipment were lying idle in the storage rooms of Bytco Hospital of NMC and urged the chairman to verify those.Standing committee member from the Congress party, Dinkar Patil, said the NMC hospital in Gangapur village has not been functioning since many months. Doctors come for one or two hours only.Replying to Patil's objection, NMC's health officer D B Patil said that the hospital in Gangapur has started functioning regularly since the last couple of weeks. Two medical officers are performing their duties in the hospital. He added that two more nurses have been recruited there.Shiv Sena's Suryakant Lavate objected to the proposal to buy machineries worth Rs 20 lakh, saying that new equipments were lying idle in Bytco Hospital", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441614", "title": "2 quacks promise to cure ailments in a week, held", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mulund police recently arrested two quacks who posed as Ayurveda practitioners and conned unsuspecting citizens by promising to cure any ailment within a week. Investigators are now hunting for two more members of the gang of four.The police believe the gang duped more than 50 people in Mulund in the last few months. The gang charged anything between Rs 40,000 and Rs 5 lakh for its \"cures\".The matter came to light after the gang's latest victim, Mulund resident Umesh Mahadik, approached the police. \"Mahadik's father is a diabetic and one of his kidneys has failed. The quacks extracted Rs 5 lakh from Mahadik by promising to cure his father in a week. They gave Mahadik a tonic for his father, saying its intake would improve his condition,\" said assistant commissioner of police (Mulund division) Mahadev Gundewadi. \"Mahadik realized he had been conned when his father's condition didn't improve.\"Based on the complaint, the police laid a trap and arrested the gang's kingpin, Ravi Shetty, and one of the quacks, Bhimappa Gholar. They have been booked for cheating and under the Medical Practitioners Act.\"Shetty and his aides operated in an area for 2-3 months. They kept changing their location to avoid being caught,\" said an officer. The solutions recovered from the \"clinic\" have been sent for analysis.The men, part of a four-member gang, duped a Mulund resident of Rs 5 lakh by claiming to cure his father of diabetes and a chronic kidney disease", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "15443406", "title": "In the age of electronics, Nilgiris library promotes reading through book club", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: In an age of electronics where the habit of reading is facing a losing battle, the Nilgiri Library is making valiant efforts to revive it by conducting book club activities, hosting cultural events and scheduling story-telling and reading sessions for children over the last two years. The library is located in a Victorian building with striking gothic style architecture, on Commissioner's Road in Ooty.Members of the book club meet every second Saturday to discuss the book selected for the month. This past Saturday marks the beginning of the third year of the club. \"It is an interesting experience. It is not necessary to agree with popular sentiment regarding the book. You are free to agree or disagree with the reviewer or ideas and concepts of the author,\" said Kamala, the coordinator of the book club.The book to be read is announced well in advance, usually three months before the discussion happens. The reviewer chooses the book to be read. This coming Saturday the book to be discussed is 'The Secret Life of Plants' by Christopher Bird and Peter Tompkins. Ravindran Govindan, who chose the title, will review the book followed by a debate on its content among club members.Members really look forward to the Saturday meetings. In fact, one member who knew that she would be missing one such meeting sheepishly asked if it could be recorded. Another member, Dr Kousalya would like to meet every week. \"These meetings are very gratifying,\" Kamala said. A few recently reviewed books include White Tiger by Aravind Adiga, The Alchemist by Paulo Coelho and The Old Man and the Sea by Hemingway.The 150-year-old library also conducts reading and storytelling sessions for children. A small children's corner has been identified inside the library for the purpose. \"Children are very enthusiastic about the reading sessions and they participate actively,\" said Kamala.A garden club has been formed by the library members to maintain the area surrounding the library building. \"We want the library to be a hub of cultural activities,\" said Ramakrishnan Nambiar, secretary of the Nilgiris Library. About 40 saplings of indigenous trees were planted inside the campus a few days ago.The library also organizes talks by authors, audio visual sessions, dance and music programmes to draw more members. They also plan to come out with a cinema club. Last week it screened the Oscar award winning Iranian movie, The Separation. The screening was sponsored by INTACH, the Nilgiris chapter. \"We plan to screen art movies and award winning movies for our members,\" said Nambiar.The cultural activities organized have attracted another 150 members to the library. Presently, the library which houses more than 40,000 books, some as old as 400 years, has 600 members.Run by a committee, it came into existence in 1858 to cater to European readers. Among visitors to the library are many distinguished personalities including I K Gujral, former Prime Minister of India, Fatima Beevi, former Governor of Tamil Nadu and Rajam Krishnan, a renowned writer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "15443527", "title": "Slaughter houses found unsafe in Kottayam, says study", "text": "KOTTAYAM: A study conducted by Tropical Institute of Ecological Sciences (TIES) revealed the presence of harmful bacteria in the meat samples bought from the cold storages and slaughterhouses here.\"More than 11 types of bacteria and four types of fungus were found in the samples collected from 12 different places including Kottayam, Kaduthuruthy and Pala. One-third of the sample was highly contaminated while the remaining portion was 60% contaminated,\" said TIES secretary Dr Punnen Kurien Vengadeth.Bacterial pathogens salmonella, E coli and aeromonas were found in all samples. Bacillus cereus, staphylococcus aureus, bacillus subtilis and proteus were found in 80% of the samples, he said.Aspergillus flavus, aspergillus niger and penicilium were some of the fungus found in all samples. The presence of these bacteria despite proper cooking is a dangerous situation, warned Vengadeth.The bacteria could cause diseases like diarrhoea, pneumonia and typhoid.Many slaughterhouses function in unhygienic conditions and illegal ones thrive in remote areas.The animal to be slaughtered is left amid garbage and the ones brought from other states do not have a medical certificate.Various cold storage units buy meat from such slaughter houses.\"Around 90% of the cold storages refused to give a bill of purchase,\" said Vengadeth.Meanwhile Kottayam chief food safety officer David John said the department has formulated a plan to tackle this problem.\"A squad will examine all slaughter houses and cold storages in the district next week,\" he said.A study revealed the presence of bacteria causing life-threatening diseases in the meat samples bought from the cold storages and slaughter houses here.The study was conducted by Tropical Institute of Ecological Sciences (TIES), a research centre affiliated to Mahatma Gandhi University. \"An excess of 11 types of bacteria and four types of fungus were found in the samples,\" said Dr Punnen Kurien Vengadeth, secretary, TIES.\"The samples were collected from 12 different places in the district that included the slaughter houses at Kottayam, Kaduthuruthy and Pala. One-third of the sample was found highly contaminated while the remaining two-third was 60% contaminated,\" he said.Bacterial pathogens salmonella, E coli and aeromonas were found in all the samples. Bacillus cereus, staphylococcus aureus, bacillus subtilis and proteus were found in 80% of the samples, he said.Aspergillus flavus, aspergillus niger and penicilium were the fungus found in all the samples.The presence of these bacteria in the samples despite proper cooking is a dangerous situation, said Vengadeth. The bacteria found could cause diseases like diarrhoea, pneumonia and typhoid. These bacteria can cause serious diseases for those who are less resistant, said Vengadeth.Most of the slaughter houses function in unhygienic conditions. There are many illegal slaughter houses which function in remote areas. The animal to be slaughtered is left amidst garbage. Those animals brought from other states are not examined medically. Most of the cold storages buy meat from such slaughter houses. \"Majority (90%) of the cold storages refuse to give a bill for what we buy,\" said Vengadeth. He said that all illegal slaughter houses should be closed down.Meanwhile, David John, chief food safety officer, Kottayam, said the department has formulated a plan to control the slaughter houses and cold storages. \"We will be forming a squad and by next week we will examine the slaughter houses and cold storages in the district,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "angara (ranchi)", "code": "15440992", "title": "Greening of Angara with drip irrigation", "text": "ANGARA (RANCHI): Goverdhan Munda (22) of Janum village in Angara block of Ranchi district was like any other village boy who went to the local school and dreamed of becoming a \"sahib\" in a government office. But one day his father told him he could not afford to buy his books nor pay his fees anymore. His father, who owned 25 decimals land, was an alcoholic and whatever zhe earned from working as a labourer he wasted in drinking. The land was also unproductive as there was no irrigation facility in the village. The teenager who was in Class 7 then, was shattered. Goverdhan set out to earn his bread and butter for the family and found work in a brick kiln for Rs 60-70 per day. \"Even though there were a number of wells and ponds in the village there was no way we could take the water to the fields,\" said Goverdhan.When in 2010, representatives of UNDP and Nabard came to the village and explained they could reap gold from their fields if they adopted drip irrigation technology for intensive cultivation, Goverdhan jumped at the idea. Though scoffed by fellow villagers who could not fathom how drops could irrigate acres of land and feared outsiders would grab their land, Goverdhan visited some of the models of drip irrigation facility at the local Birsa Agricultural University and elsewhere along with others. Taking the onus to convince fellow villagers, Goverdhan, after a stint at training, gave the thumbs up to UNDP and was ready to take up the project. \"Though others were doubtful, it was Goverdhan went ahead with the idea,\" said Bhukli Devi, a neighbour of Goverdhan, who is also now a prosperous farmer.Along with UNDP and Nabard, Jharkhand State Livelihood Promotion Society (JSLPS), an NGO, provided them with the technology in April 2010. Goverdhan borrowed money to buy water tanks and basic infrastructure. Seedlings and saplings were provided by the agencies. \"In less than four months, I plucked more than 40 kgs of ripe tomatoes and sold them at the local market. I earned a good Rs 35-40,000 every season,\" he said.Goverdhan never looked back after that. He took up multiple cropping on his field and grew all kinds of seasonal vegetables to sell them in the local market. What Goverdhan achieved was a huge learning experience for the villagers and today 25 more farmers have formed clusters to take advantage of the irrigation facility and in villages like Getalsud, Bangarbera and Nawagarh, the green revolution is a treat for the eyes.Said BDO Angara, Ravi Prakash, \"Several organizations have taken a cue from Goverdhan. Whenever the administration introduces this micro irrigation facility in a new area, we bring them to Goverdhan's fields which have emerged as a model for farmers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15442015", "title": "Shimla local body to soon impose green tax on non-Himachal Pradesh vehicles", "text": "SHIMLA: It will soon cost you more to enter Shimla as its municipal corporation is all set to impose a green tax on all vehicles bearing non-Himachal Pradesh numbers.\"We are convening a meeting of the municipal corporation officials to finalise the date. We are going to impose the tax from this month,\" Shimla deputy mayor Tikender Panwar said on Friday.While two wheelers would be charged Rs 100, cars and SUVs owners would have to shell out Rs 200 and Rs 300, respectively. Heavy vehicles need to pay Rs 500.Though the proposal for levying the tax is around a year old, it was on August 9 that the Shimla municipal corporation got a go-ahead from the Union road transport and highways minister.Corporation officials said the money collected would be used on measures to protect the environment. The green tax is likely to generate an income of Rs 6 crore annually for the municipal corporation, which is facing a financial crisis.Manali, another tourist town in the state, has been for the past five years collecting a similar green tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15441895", "title": "Central cloud server to keep track of government records", "text": "GURGAON: E-governance is the new buzzword in Haryana's administrative circles. The state has kept itself busy in the recent years trying to shift to this new info-tech mode like never before. A massive data centre is being established in Chandigarh, which will act as a central 'cloud' server for all government departments anywhere in Haryana. All land records are being digitized and are to be made available online.Citizen services like pension claims, tax payments, and grievance redress are now all accessible at the click of a button. How efficient these projects are in the long run remains to be seen. But this, at least, is a start. And the next essential step now, according to the National Informatics Centre (NIC) officials in Gurgaon, is to ensure proper training for the government officials. NIC is organizing a computer literacy program for the government officials in the city, which will be held in various departments over the next few weeks. Officials say that the program is slated to begin after August 15, and will focus on various aspects of incorporating IT in governance and practical training.\"It will include different departments and the programs will be made to fit each of them separately,\" said an NIC official here.The drawing and distribution officers (DDO) of all government departments will also be a part of this new drive, in order to better equip them to handle the new e-salary software. \"An e-salary module has recently been implemented in all departments, that enables workers to draw their pay and maintain the records online. The DDOs in all departments will be taught how to make use of this new feature,\" the official added.A special group of trainers might also be called in from Chandigarh for the program, but this is yet to be confirmed.NIC officials say that in terms of computer literacy in government departments, Gurgaon has come a long way. \"Awareness has increased a lot over the years,\" the official said. On an estimate, the official added, around 70% of the official class, lower and mid-level, can be categorized as IT literate and are familiar with the new system. \"But I think another 30% of these officials still need training, and that is why we are holding such programs on a regular basis.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15447097", "title": "Guru visits his Shishyan on the sets", "text": "Director-turned-actor Sasikumar had a surprise visitor on the sets of his film Sundarapandian. Sasikumar, who plays the lead in the movie, which is set in the rustic villages of Usilamapatti, was in for a surprise when his mentor Bala visited him on the sets of the film and appreciated the team's work. Bala, we hear, was quite impressed by the way his shishya's film had turned out and spent a lot of time with the crew, discussing their work. The team, in turn, was quite kicked about the fact that none other than the National-award-winning director had visited them.Debutant director Prabhakaran, who happens to be a former associate of Sasikumar wields the megaphone for the film and the Kumki actor Lakshmi Menon plays the femle lead. Director Sasikumar was a former associate of director Ameer, and he in turn was an associate of director Bala. With Prabhakaran joining the trio, it looks like there is yet another guru-shishya combination in the making in Kollywood.Sasikumar, in the meantime, has been going places with hits like Subramaniapuram and Naadodigal to his credit. The Hindi version of Subramaniapuram, Gangs of Wasseypur received mixed reviews and the Kannada version, Adda is being made with the Jogayya director Prem playing the lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15446312", "title": "Rihanna opens up about Chris Brown split", "text": "Rihanna opened up about her controversial relationship with her former boyfriend Chris Brown to Oprah Winfrey in a candid interview recently.\"It was embarrassing. It was humiliating. I lost my best friend,\" the New York Daily News quoted her as saying on 'Oprah's Next Chapter'.She told the talk-show host of how she reacted after the pair split up.\"I was resentful. I held a grudge. I was dark,\" she said.Rihanna and Brown, 23, had a very public falling out in 2009 after Brown physically assaulted her on the eve of the Grammys, leaving her black and blue.However, the pair are reconciled now, after they released two collaborations together earlier this year.It is also rumored that they have been hooking up \"on and off\" since their public breakup.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15447516", "title": "Andrea sings for Ilaiyaraaja", "text": "Andrea might not be a much sough-after actress but she is certainly in demand in Kollywood for her singing skills. The actress, who has become the go-to girl for young composers, was recently asked by maestro Ilaiyaraaja to croon for his Telugu film.Andrea has sung in Gundello Godhari , the Telugu version of Marandhen Mannithen , which stars Aadhi, Tapsee, Sundeep Kishan and Suja Varunee in the lead. The is being produced by Lakshmi Manchu and directed by debutant Kumar Nagendra.The actress is over the moon as finally her dream of singer under the maestro's baton has come true.Andrea recently shot for a promo video of her song Crazy Minnal... in the film Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15446218", "title": "Get ready to dance to the tunes of Hun Moi", "text": "After the Smash hit Song 'Bach Mitran', Sazi Judge releases her latest track 'Hun Moi' produced by music director Jeeti Singh. The song is written by living legends Punjabi song writer Mangal Hathur.Sazi Judge says \" I dedicate this song to you our rich Punjabi Virsa &amp; Punjabi Culture; this song was the favorite song of both my grandmother and Mangal Hathur's. With this Old Punjabi folk song, I bring together to our new generation with our rich Punjabi virsa &amp; Punjabi culture.Get ready once again to sing along and see who rules the dance floor with 'Hun Moi'. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15442709", "title": "Madurai inventor's next, an electric toilet brush", "text": "MADURAI: Abdul Razak , a Madurai-based inventor who wants to help people through his innovations, has added another feather to his cap, an electric brush that can remove bathroom stains without you having to toil hard to remove those stubborn blemishes.This man is one person who has proved that the sky is the limit by refusing to let his low education credentials come in the way of his inventions. Poverty forced this 45-year-old to drop out of school before completing eighth grade. He believes this too was a blessing in disguise because it was at that time that he started dismantling old electrical gadgets to study their systems and wiring, which now help him in many ways. He is a self-made electrician, who most of the people of Meenakshipuram in Madurai depend on for their 'power' needs.It all started about 10 years ago, with his first invention, the cooker, which allowed people to boil rice and remove the starchy water through a tap at the bottom of the vessel, helping both old and younger women protect themselves against burns from the scorching gruel. \"Even today, my double boiler cooker is in good demand, with parents wanting it to be among the dowry of their newly married daughters,\" he said.His latest invention is the 'electric bathroom brush' for which he has applied for a patent. This will incidentally be his 25th patent in 31 inventions. \"I browsed the web and discovered that there was no electric bathroom brush. Hence I came up with the idea,\" he said. The new gadget has a 12-volt DC charger, which has to be fitted to the bathroom wall and the brush, with a long handle, can be connected to the tap through a tube for water supply. \"I am improving on the design and trying to attach the charger to the handle so that it can be carried around easily, making the brush a multi-purpose one,\" he said. The purpose of using the battery charger instead of a direct electrical connection is to avoid the risk of electric shocks as the work involves water, according to him.The brush can be used both for Indian and western seats. Razak is waiting for his patent, before starting commercial manufacture of his product as he fears it will be duplicated. \"But already offers are pouring in with many companies willing to tie-up with me,\" he said.A leading store in Madurai gave him the toilet seats free of charge so that he could test his design. This brush, which costs about Rs 3,500 to make, could be the solution to many toilet hygiene problems such as getting acid and bleaching powder on your skin, observers say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15441237", "title": "Man gets 10 years rigorous imprisonment for raping daughter", "text": "PUNE: Additional sessions judge V P Utpat on Friday sentenced a man to 10 years of rigorous imprisonment for repeatedly raping his 16-year-old daughter in 2008.The accused, Ramesh Bhikule (48) of Bibvewadi, had raped his daughter when his wife was away for work. He also warned her against disclosing the incident to anyone.The crime came to light when the girl was taken to a doctor due to severe stomach pain and the doctor found that she was 28 weeks pregnant.While lodging a complaint on May 11, 2008, the victim told her mother that a person called Yogesh was the father of her child. But, later, she revealed Bhikule's name, the prosecution said.Bhiukle's lawyer C B Chavan argued that his client was falsely implicated in the case because he had objected to his daughter's relation with Yogesh.Additional public prosecutor Hira Keshav Bari told the court that the victim and her mother had given reasons why the name of Yogesh was mentioned in the complaint. She relied on the victim's statement and medical evidence to prove that the girl was raped by her father and not Yogesh.Bari submitted that the minor girl had revealed the incident after she was examined by a doctor. If Yogesh had an affair with the victim, he would not have allowed the girl and her child to stay at an observation home. The victim had not identified Yogesh, she added.The judge observed that the accused had ruined the life of his child by taking advantage of her tender age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15442715", "title": "CM Kiran Reddy's security breached", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a security breach and huge embarrassment to police, two members of Akhila Bharat Vidhyarthi Parishad (ABVP) succeeded in entering chief minister's camp office on Friday night.Nearly 20 ABVP members came to CM's camp office at around 8pm to protest against the cap on fee reimbursement. Suddenly, two agitators scaled the gate and entered the CM's camp office. The ABVP activists had made an attempt to gate crash into CM's camp office in the morning also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "with a popular actor for a father, a teenage girl would be forgiven for dreaming of making it big in tinseltown. but a v jayaveena has dreams of a different kind", "code": "15443410", "title": "Pool princess: A V Jayaveena wants to rule the pool in Olympics", "text": "With a popular actor for a father, a teenage girl would be forgiven for dreaming of making it big in tinseltown. But A V Jayaveena has dreams of a different kind: She wants to rule the pool in the Olympics, like her idol Michael Phelps.Fourteen-year-old Jayaveena, daughter of actor Thalaivasal Vijay, is the reigning junior national girls swimming champion. It is a crown she shared with a swimmer from Maharashtra after winning four gold medals at the junior national aquatic championship held in the city last month. Three of her gold medals were national records that brought her into the limelight as one of the country's most promising prospects.As a three-year-old , Jayaveena would accompany her brother to his swimming classes. Little did she know that one day be champion swimmer. \"My brother Jaywant used to attend swimming classes in Nungambakkam. I was fascinated by the pool and would always want to join him. My parents gave in and enrolled me in a camp and that's how it all started,\" said the soft-spoken Class 9 student of Chettinad Vidyashram.Jayaveena's love affair with swimming may have started when she was very young, but it was in 2008, she began swimming competitively under the tutelage of B Girish, head coach of the Turtles swim school. \"When I saw her for the first time she was very raw. The talent was obvious but she needed to work on a lot of aspects. Through hard work and dedication she has developed into a fine swimmer,\" said Girish. \"Her performance at the National Games in 2011 was a turning point.\"Watching the Olympics on television has only strengthened her ambition to represent the country at the highest level. \"Every time I watch an event, I get inspired. The problem was that most of the big races were telecast late at night in India so it was difficult for me to watch all of them with my training and school to attend. I just couldn't miss the 200m breast stroke event though,\" she said. Jayaveena credits her school, swimmer J Agnishwar and her family for the support they have given her.Her father says he'll always back her. \"As a parent I have always believed that children should make a career out of what they enjoy. Jayaveena is still young and enjoys her swimming. But in the future if she decides to pursue something else, I will not stand in her way,\" Vijay said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441736", "title": "State set to hardsell Mumbai makeover plans", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has decided to push for its plans to transform Mumbai.Besides big-ticket infrastructure projects, worth Rs 60,000 crore, plans are afoot to seek additional funds to increase the affordable housing stock. \"We will meet the Union environment minister to push our case for withdrawal of a notification that has hindered high-rise construction in Mumbai,\" said chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.On August 14, a delegation led by Chavan will meet senior functionaries of the Centre. On Friday, Chavan convened a meeting of state officials to chalk out plans.Among infrastructure projects, a demand for funding aid and fast-track clearances for the trans-harbour link (Rs 10,000 crore), Virar-Alibaug multi-modal corridor (Rs 10,000 crore), Colaba-Bandra Metro line (Rs 16,000 crore), Navi Mumbai airport (Rs 14,000 crore) and the coastal ring road from Marine Drive to Malad (Rs 8,000 crore) will be made.During Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to Mumbai in October 2011, the government had sought 'national projects tag' for key projects, which could allow the state to seek up to 90% of the projects' cost from the Centre. This demand is likely to be reiterated, sources said.With the land crunch and various policy hurdles blocking Mumbai's slum makeover plan, the delegation will push for unlocking of land owned by central agencies for shanty redevelopment.The state is also expected to make a revised pitch of Rs 3,011 crore for short-term drought relief. Panel to discuss elevated rail project on August 14The elevated rail corridor project between Oval Maidan to Virar will be presented before a steering committee of the central railway board on August 14. Senior officials made a presentation before CM Prithiviraj Chavan on Friday for assistance required from the state in acquiring land and fixing floor space index for commercial development. While the Railways is to implement the Rs 17,800-crore project, a state support agreement is to be inked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15442784", "title": "Reading habit back among students", "text": "PATNA: To acquire the habit of reading is to construct for yourself a refuge from almost all the miseries of life, said W Somerset Maugham. A good book is considered panacea for mental agony one suffers during day-to-day life.With the technological advancements in the satellite era, reading habit is said to have taken a beating, or it seems. But that is not the case as reading had never been a habit of common people. What seems to have changed over the years is the taste of youngsters who are more inclined to light readings with the plot they identify themselves with than the one loaded with philosophical anecdotes. Again, it depends on their taste. TOI reached to a few youngsters to feel their pulse on the issue and found that they read every kind of authors, from Charles Dickens to Chetan Bhagat.Kids and young adults seem to be getting inclined to books once again in search of best friends. While a whole generation considers itself to be of 'Harry Potter' (HP) generation and would feel offended if you did not know who 'The Dark Lord' is (for those who actually don't know, he's the baddie in HP series and Harry's biggest adversary), popularity-wise it has a close contest with 'The Twilight Saga', as girls swoon over vampires (Edward Cullen) and werewolves (Jacob Black).\"Books transcend me to a different world. I feel I'm a character in the story as the plot unveils. I don't feel merely a distant observer,\" said Naina, a student of Notre Dame Academy (NDA) who claims to be a voracious reader.Anshika of class XI of the same school, says, \"I like to read books. It is fairly regular but not frequent.\" Her friend Esha adds, \"I'm more into reading novels.\"Sr Neha, principal, junior section, NDA, says, \"As I have observed as a whole, reading habit is picking up. We have library classes every week for all students. Individual as well as group reading is promoted.\"Raveena, a class VII student says, \"My favourite are horror novels as I find them very interesting.\"Atmanand Das, owner of Books en Amee on Boring Road says, \"A few years back, there was decline in the number of young readers but now the trend in on the rise again. Personality development books are more popular among them.\" His shop also has a book club which has 1,640 members. \"About 75% of the club members are school and college students. Most of them visit regularly, if not often. Parents usually encourage their wards to read beyond textbooks,\" Das said.Srishti, a class XI student says, \"I read eBooks. Most of the publications are easily available on the internet and can be downloaded free. Though it is not the same as holding the paperback but still getting the information is better than not reading at all.\"With the kind of deluge of young Indian writers in the publishing industry, whose works are generally referred to as '100 Rupees literature' (as most of them are available at this price), many teenagers are drawn towards fiction reading.Aditya, a class 12 pass-out, says, \"These novels make for easy reading as they are written in the lingo commonly used. We can read it without putting much pressure on our grey matter.\"Br Felix, principal, senior section, Loyola High School, said, \"There has been an improvement in the reading habit of children. We have about 21,000 books in our library and we encourage students to read newspapers, articles, course books as well as novels.\"When asked what type of books you like to read, Nilesh and Thakur Abish, class VII students of St Michael's High School, replied they liked reading fiction. \"Charles Dickens is my favourite. I also read Chetan Bhagat,\" said Nilesh.Poonam and Rikoo, class XI students from the same school, also like Dickens. Poonam said, \"His style of writing and the way he describes the scene are very good.\" Rikoo adds, \"Despite a lot of syllabus, we find time to read books.\"Aditya, a class IX student of St Michael's High School, said, \"I don't know much about classics or great authors. But I like to read whatever I can lay my hands on.\"Jose, the librarian at Don Bosco Academy, said, \"With the coming of TV and internet, the reading habit among children has gone downhill. We have about 6,500 books, but students have so much pressure to score high marks and concentrate on their career that they only read textbooks.\"Rakesh, a class X student said, \"It's not that I don't like to read. But school and tuition homework take so much time that I am left too exhausted to do anything more.\" He added, \"I try to compensate during summer vacations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15448720", "title": "Lajong to sign Nigerian striker Friday", "text": "KOLKATA: Shillong Lajong FC, who will be playing their third season in the I-League, have decided to rope in Nigerian striker Gbeneme Friday for the upcoming season.Friday, who played for I-League club Mumbai FC last season, becomes the Shillong-based side's second foreigner after Liberian Johnny Menyongar was the only foreigner to be retained from last season's squad. Lajong still have the provision to sign two more foreigners, including the quota of one Asian player, and they are looking to fill the slots soon.Lajong are at present undergoing their pre-season training under the team's new Scottish coach Desmond Bulpin, who was previously coach of Indian Arrows and later the Indian under-23 side, in Shillong.The Federation Cup, which is likely to be held in the second week of next month, will be the team's first major tournament this season and before that they are likely to take part in a pre-season tournament. Not only will the tournament provide the players with much-needed match practice before the Federation Cup but will also allow Bulpin the chance to assess his boys before the crucial tournament begins.Lajong finished 10th in the I-League last season with 28 points to their kitty from 26 matches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15449858", "title": "DGP inaugurates foundation stone for officer\u2019s rest house", "text": "NAGPUR: State director general of police Sanjeev Dayal, during his first visit to Vidarbha after taking over from K Subramaniam, inaugurated the city police's proposed scheme of officers' rest house earlier this week. The rest house is slated to come up adjacent to police gymkhana at Civil Lines.City police, at present, has only gymkhana to accommodate officers. Most of the officers, who either fail to find occupancy at Gymkhana or want to avoid it for lack of facilities, opt for MLA hostel or guest houses of different organizations.During the winter session of the state legislature that is held in Nagpur every year, city police struggles to offer accommodations to the visiting officers been sent on bandobast duties.City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay had planned the scheme for the officers' rest house viewing the problem regarding the accommodation for the senior personnel. The construction at the site, it is learnt, is set to start shortly. Under Dhanvijay, a police lawn too has come up in the headquarters at Takli where the personnel can organize their private programmes.Dayal, known for his upright attitude and no-nonsense approach, examined the proposed structure in the projected map that was put up on a board at the construction site. CP Dhanvijay briefed the state top cop about the plans before the senior officials headed for unfurling the cover that guarded the plaque.Dayal and other senior officials also planted saplings of ornamental plants which would line the boundary of the rest house premises in the front.During the visit, Dayal also participated in the sent off programmes meant for the retired police personnel. He also addressed the senior officers from different districts during the brief halt at the city enroute to Mumbai from Naxal-affected Gadchiroli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "iritty (kannur)", "code": "15443599", "title": "CM Oommen Chandy announces relief packages for flood-affected", "text": "IRITTY (KANNUR): Chief minister Oommen Chandy has announced a special relief package for the people in Iritty and Srikandapuram regions affected by the recent floods. Addressing the press in Iritty block office on Friday, Chandy said all families would be given free ration for a month. He also announced other financial packages.On Monday, the district administration sanctioned Rs 1,500 each to the affected families. The relief amount has been enhanced to Rs 5,000, and the money will be disbursed immediately. Chandy said the relief camps in the area would function till all the people in them were ready to go back to their houses.There are around 45 families in two relief camps now. By Sunday, except 13 families, all others are expected to go back. One family in the locality, which lost all its property including house, will be provided 10 cents of land in a safe location.Those who lost their houses will be provided Rs three lakh each. \"If the affected families are willing to construct houses on their own, the government will give them the money, or else it will take measures to construct houses for them,\" said Chandy. Those with damaged houses will be given up to Rs 50,000 each, and all affected families will be given Rs 10,000 each to construct toilets. Those families whose houses are located in unsafe places will be given five cents of land each.Those admitted in hospitals will be provided Rs 5,000 each. People who have lost their important documents like ration cards, voter's identity cards and passports would be issue fresh documents immediately, the chief minister said.Special package for business establishmentsThe government has also announced a special package for business establishments that have incurred heavy losses in the floods. Earlier, Chandy visited Srikandapuram town, Pazhassi dam, the relief camp at Perumparamba school, and the shops in Iritty and Srikandapuram. The district administration has been asked to calculate the loss incurred by the agricultural sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15443454", "title": "Mysoreans turn health-savvy, shop for sugar-free confections", "text": "MYSORE: Calorie-conscious Mysoreans are increasingly ordering sugar-free sweets for celebrations. Keeping themselves updated with the change in people's eating habits, some of the confectionaries in the heritage city have already revamped their menu, offering a wide-range of low-calorie, sugar-free delicacies.Some of the established confectionaries in the town have in fact got a new set of fan following for their wide range of sugar-free delicacies, while other sweet-makers are closely monitoring the trend to make the right leap. \"The city got a taste of sugar-free sweets four years ago, and since then, it is in great demand,\" says Mysore proprietor of Bombay Tiffany Anish Gupta. He claims Bombay Tiffany was the first store to start the concept of sugar-free sweets in the city.Bombay Tiffany currently has sugar-free soan papdi and motichur ladoo on its menu. \"If the demand increases, we would add some more varieties to it,\" Anish said.Mohammad Nizar, who runs one of the famous pastry shops in the city, said he gets lots of queries on sugar-free cakes. \"In a month, the shop gets nearly five orders for sugar-free cakes,\" Nizar says. Natural sweeteners and availability of sugar-free fresh creams have helped his shop bake the mouthwatering cakes, claimed Nizar. But he was quick to add that cakes in all flavours cannot be prepared out of low-calorie sugar as they just don't taste good. Vanilla-flavoured cakes taste the best when low-calorie sugar is used, he said.Sugar-free confections are priced a little higher than usual sugar products. \"I love to have sweetmeats once in a while and sugar-free preparations are just the right thing,\" says a diabetic from Kuvempunagar.'Sugar-free isn't fat-free'How safe is it to have low-calorie, sugar-free confectionaries? TOI spoke to endocrinologist and diabetologist Dr Anish Behl, who explained that, \"it is good for health when consumed once in a while. But intake of a huge quantity would be hazardous\". Just because it is sugar-free, the sweet cannot be consumed on a everyday basis. The word 'free' sends the wrong signal that a higher quantity of the sweet could be consumed. \"Also, 'sugar-free' does not mean 'fat-free,'\" he stressed. We generally ask diabetics to limit sugar free sweets strictly to just one or two pieces, the doctor added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15442552", "title": "Businessman held for passport fraud", "text": "HYDERABAD: A US-returned businessman from Gunfoundry, who obtained three Indian passports under different names, was on Friday arrested by East Zone Task Force sleuths.City police said that 46-year-old Guru Prasad Tiwari had in 1991 obtained his first passport in his original name. But after failing to secure a visa to the US, Tiwari allegedly obtained another passport under the fake identity of Sathguru Pershad Tivari, in 1992.\"Using his second passport, Tiwari obtained a US visa in 1993 and stayed in that country till 2000. While in the US, he obtained a third passport in his original name from the Indian Consulate in New York City by falsely claiming that he had lost his passport,\" additional deputy commissioner of police (Task Force), Suhas Chathurvedi, said in a news release. Task Force inspector RG Shiva Maruthi said that Tiwari is presently involved in the hatcheries business and followed the same occupation in the US.In another case, East Zone Task Force arrested two persons \u2014 T Srinivasa Reddy and Bodlapati Narasimha Reddy, claiming to be representatives of SR Nagar's Sowrya Educational Consultancy \u2014 for their alleged involvement in a fraud wherein they sold fake documents, including bank statements of nationalized banks, to those looking to go abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441021", "title": "Mumbai law graduate Pallavi Purkayastha's killer was driven by lust", "text": "MUMBAI: It was sheer lust that led to the life of a young woman being snuffed out. Watchman Sajjad Ahmed Mughal entered Pallavi Purkayastha's flat at 1.30am on Thursday with stolen keys and rape on his mind. He saw her lying asleep inside and tried to force himself on her. When she resisted with all her strength, the 22-year-old slashed her throat with a knife. The 25-year-old daughter of senior Delhi-based bureaucrats died soon after.The grisly crime, which has jolted the city that is increasingly witnessing horrific crimes, was described by police as \"perversion of the highest order\". Officers said Mughal had plotted in detail to rape 25-year-old Pallavi in her 16th floor flat of 'Himalayan Heights' at Bhakti Park in Wadala.Mughal put his plan to rape Pallavi into execution after she, a legal advisor in filmmaker Farhan Akhtar's firm Excel Entertainment Pvt Ltd, returned home from work around 11.30pm on Wednesday. Originally a resident of Uri in Baramulla district of Jammu and Kashmir , he switched off the electricity to her flat from the power room on the ground floor, knowing that she would seek help.As it happened, Pallavi called up her live-in partner Avik Sengupta, another lawyer who was at work, and informed him of the power outage. Sengupta told her to take the society's assistance. Police said that since the intercom was not working, Pallavi walked down and complained to Mughal. Around 12.30am on Thursday, Mughal brought along an electrician who restored the supply. Not long after, Mughal again switched off the power.\"At 1.03am, she send a BBM to Avik, telling him that there was again a power problem and that she had summoned the electrician again. She said that she would go to sleep if the electrician did not arrive,\" said joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy.The electrician came the second time with Mughal. He again restored the supply but suggested to Pallavi to switch off heavy electrical appliances. While he and Pallavi were distracted, Mughal stealthily stole her house keys that were kept on a table next to the drawing room's door.Mughal returned around 1.30pm with a knife.Using the stolen keys, he opened the house's door and crept into the bedroom where Pallavi was asleep. He tried forcing himself on her, but she pushed him away. So he whipped out the knife and threatened her. \"Pallavi was strong. She resisted him. So, Mughal caught her by her hair and slashed her throat. Pallavi too caught his hair and started hitting him. Mughal then started flailing the knife, cutting Pallavi's face and injuring himself,\" said investigating officer Shirish Sawant.Investigators said Mughal has admitted to killing Pallavi. After the murder, he washed his hands in the house and ran down the stairs. On the third floor, he hid the knife in a shoe rack lying in the corridor. Thereafter, on reaching the guards' room, he changed out of the blood-stained uniform and fled by jumping over the fence. He was caught by the crime branch on Thursday evening at Mumbai Central station, from where he intended to flee in a train to Surat. From there, he wanted to escape to Jammu and Kashmir.\"It was a heinous crime. The deceased was a national level swimmer and cautious by nature. She would never open the door to strangers,\" said additional commissioner of police Niket Kaushik. \"The accused entered the flat knowing well that she would be alone, and that Avik was away and would come in the morning. She fought him till the last.\"Investigations revealed that Mughal had furnished incorrect and incomplete information to his employer, security agency Ahmed Hamid Enterprises. To the company he had said his name was 'Sajjad Pathan' and his address was \"Lal Chowk, Srinagar, Kashmir\". The police have asked their Kashmir counterparts to help verify the details.Roy said, given the heinousness of the crime, the police have asked the state to use a special public prosecutor and to fast-track the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15442007", "title": "Kiss of life for children\u2019s park at Mapusa", "text": "MAPUSA: Mapusa Municipal Council (MMC) chairperson Sudhir Kandolkar on Friday laid the foundation stone for the renovation and restructuring of the dilapidated Chacha Nehru children's park in the town, at an estimated cost of 25.4 lakh.While pointing out that children's park has been redesigned with the help of \"consultants and experts\", Kandolkar said that besides providing entertainment , the park \"will be developed as a geographical park\".\"The park will have an ice-cream parlour, recreational facilities, security room and toilet facility. And the work is expected to be completed within six months,\" said the MMC chief.Presently, in the absence of security guards the park has become a regular haunt for anti-social elements during the night.Kandolkar informed that there will be around-the-clock security guard at the park. Besides the existing facilities like swings, slides, merry-go-rounds and see-saws, new facilities such as paintings of the universe , the planets and the solar system are being designed. The park will be beautifully landscaped and the lush green lawns will create an ideal atmosphere for children, said Kandolkar.The park, which is situated near the police station, was built during the Portuguese era and was named 'Parque Infantil' (Children's park). It was renamed 'Chacha Nehru park' after Liberation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15442940", "title": "Total rainfall deficiency in Bihar: 23%", "text": "PATNA: Farmers outside the command areas of river basins in Bihar are a worried lot as the overall rainfall received this season has not been adequate. Good rainfall in the remaining part of August, which has, till now, 'light to moderate rain', is a matter of chance. The movement of rain-bearing clouds has already been hit by what is being called the 'break monsoon' phenomenon in the meteorology lingua.According to Met director D C Gupta, monsoon rain in the country occurs due to a combination of westerly and easterly winds. But the axis of monsoon trough has already moved to the foothills of the Himalayas and beyond, leading to rainfall in the foothills of the Himalayan terrain and regions lying beyond. As per the phenomenon, there is rain deficiency in the plains, including in Bihar and Jharkhand.\"This phenomenon is called break monsoon. Accordingly, there is rain in the states like J&K;, Himachal Pradesh, and other areas in the foothills of the Himalayas. The break monsoon phenomenon is expected to continue for the next three-four days,\" Gupta said, adding: \"We, in Bihar, can expect good rain only after August 15. Yet, it depends on chance. That is, the chance of rain is there, but nothing can be said with certainty.\"As Gupta put it, the El Nino effect in Pacific Ocean had caused weak monsoon, but the break monsoon phenomenon has rubbed salt into the wound of farmers. \"Bihar has so far received 464.8mm of rain against the 603.3mm normal monsoon rainfall during the period. Today, the rain deficiency is 23%,\" Gupta said.The overall agriculture prospect due to insufficient rain in the state is not encouraging. Pushpraj Singh from Guagachhi village in Amdabad block under Katihar district was worried on Friday. \"Our village and arable land lie in the Mahananda river basin. But there is neither floodwaters nor accumulated rainwater in our cultivable land,\" Singh said.However, farmers using water supplied through canal network in the command areas of Sone, Gandak and Kosi rivers, as well as of North Koel Canal system and respective reservoirs in Bhagalpur, Gaya, Aurangabad districts and Dehri in Rohtas are comparatively better placed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15443525", "title": "Officials unconcerned about loss to govt: HC", "text": "KOCHI: Higher officials in the state government are unconcerned about the losses suffered to the government through illegal mining of rocks, the Kerala high court has observed.The criticism by division bench comprising of Justice C N Ramachandran Nair and Justice Babu Mathew P Joseph was following non-compliance to its earlier order directing the government to initiate proceedings for recovering loss sustained to it through illegal mining of rocks at Thiruvaniyoor, Ernakulam. Observing the delay in taking steps to recover the loss estimated by government's own geologist at Rs 32 lakh, the division bench observed in the judgement, \"We are of the view that the higher-ups in government are unconcerned about the loss caused to the government.\"The illegal mining came to be noticed by the government when a geologist inspected land belonging to Aji J Paramban of Thiruvaniyoor while considering an application to allow permission for mining rocks.Upon inspection, he found that the land had already been mined extensively without obtaining government permissionfrom the government. Based on the geologist's report, which estimated loss of royalty to government at Rs 32 lakh, the court had ordered for adjudication to realize the amount from the land owner. In an earlier order on July 10, the court had observed that the land owner is trying to continue the illegal mining already done by applying for mining licence through another person.Earlier, based on the government's submission that a vigilance inquiry on illegal mining is progressing, the court had ordered for identifying and taking action against government officials who directly or indirectly colluded with illegal miningand take action against them.When the case came up for hearing again, a DySP of the Vigilance and Anti Corruption Bureau submitted to the court that according to the communication received by him by him from the vigilance headquarters, no government official is being probed as part of the inquiry.Though the government counsel submitted that the time limit for adjudication (two months) is already over, and is not proceeding due to monsoon, the court disagreed and ordered that the government should complete proceedings be completed within two months.Higher officials in the state government are unconcerned about the losses suffered to the government through illegal mining of rocks, the Kerala High Court has observed.The criticism by division bench comprising of Justice CN Ramachandran Nair and Justice Babu Mathew P Joseph was following non-compliance to its earlier order directing the state government to initiate proceedings for recovering loss sustained to the government through illegal mining of rocks at Thiruvaniyoor in Ernakulam district.Observing the delay in taking steps to recover the loss estimated by government's own geologist at Rs 32 lakh, the division bench observed in the judgement, \"We are of the view that the higher-ups in government are unconcerned about the loss caused to the government.\"The illegal mining came to be noticed by the government when a geologist inspected land belonging to Aji J Paramban of Thiruvaniyoor while considering an application to allow permission for mining rocks.Upon inspection, the geologist had found that the land had already been mined extensively without obtaining permission from the government. Based on the geologist's report which estimated loss of royalty to government at Rs 32 lakh, the court had ordered for adjudication to realize the amount from the land owner.In an earlier order on July 10, the court had observed that the land owner is trying to continue the illegal mining already done by applying for mining licence through another person. Based on the government's submission that a vigilance enquiry is already progressing about the illegal mining, the court had also ordered for identifying government officials who directly or indirectly colluded with illegal mining and take action against them.When the case came up again for hearing, a DySP of Vigilance and Anti Corruption Bureau submitted to the court that according to the communication received by him from Vigilance headquarters, no government official is being probed as part of the enquiry.Though the government counsel submitted that time limit for adjudication, which is two months, is already over and adjudication is not proceeding due to monsoon, the court disagreed and ordered that the government should complete the proceedings within two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15447325", "title": "Independence Day: Celebs on 65 years of India's independence", "text": "As we ready to celebrate the 65th year of independence, TOI gets celebs to suggest symbols to represent the new India.Gone are the days of associating India with snake charmers and elephants. As the nation is poised to celebrate 65 years of freedom, it's also time to search for alternative symbols to represent our country. Not cliches but something more meaningful that expresses both the anarchy and the ecstasy associated with living in this country. TOI get talking to celebs to think of their images for a new India.Shubha Mudgal, Vocalist The singlemost important image of contemporary India is that of our Parliament. It represents our democracy. But behaviour of our legislators inside the Parliament shows what kind of a democracy we have. There is so much of verbal violence. Our leaders have complete disregard for the fact that their chaos is being seen on live television. If our politicians have no shame in showing this face to the outside world, why should I want to hide it as a symbol of our country? Tagline: Anarchy in democracyBharat Dabholkar, Adman My India can be best expressed by a giant elephant being weighed down by politicians and corruption and how despite all that, it marches ahead with a lot of pride. Good or bad, right or wrong, I am proud of my nation. In a patriotic video on India, I would show all the good things of India, including the landscapes, the space programmes, education reaching the smallest of the small villages and the international awards. In the background, I'd want rousing music like that of the Rocky film theme with Indian flavour. Tagline: Heaven on earthBickram Ghosh , Percussionist India is going through a process of change. It might be slow but being an eternal optimist, I am happy with that. While the middle class has progressed a lot and enjoys far more creature comforts than what it did a decade back, rural India remains largely deprived. There are many Indias in our country. Hence, my metaphor would try to capture the flux. I've tried to depict this changing face of India through the video of my album that is an interpretation of \"Vande Mataram\". For me, an image of India would be that of a revolving globe with a person trying to pinpoint where exactly India is. He can miss it at times and also be able to locate it. Tagline: India in FluxTanushree Dutta , Actor India is a country that's embracing modernity and has yet retained its earthy identity. I was in the US recently and I was told that my country is the only place where you will get to see a cow and a Cadillac side by side. That, I think, is the correct representation of India of today. There are malls and multiplexes and yet, there is a section of society that's below poverty line. Tagline: Where opulence meets minimalismNawazuddin Siddiqui, Actor Though we live in free India, I think we aren't completely independent. Our freedom of expression is often curbed and in every field of professional life, we live with the fear. Woh toh bade log hai \u2014 that's always an apprehension. In the film industry, why do we have to live with the belief that films only starring superstars will work? We need to think beyond. Contemporary India can be best expressed by an image of a man trying to remove a band-aid that seals his lips. Tagline: Let's break free", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15441865", "title": "Centre told to decide on citizenship", "text": "The Bombay high court on Friday told the Centre to decide on an application by Reza Saboonchi in May 2012 on his Indian citizenship. The court told additional solicitor-general Kevic Setalvad to inform it on Monday, by when it will be able to decide on his application. Government lawyer Aruna Pai told the bench of Justices Ajay Khanwilkar and A R Joshi the government had passed a fresh restriction order against Saboonchi in June to prevent him from leaving as he was Iranian. She said the police had filed a chargesheet against him in a criminal case too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15448073", "title": "Photobucket: Nude pics hacked, posted on Reddit", "text": "NEW YORK: An alarming number of women have no idea that their private, nude photos posted on Photobucket have been made public and are being passed around on internet message boards.An entire thread on Reddit is devoted to posting X-rated pictures stolen from the photo-sharing site.Nude, explicit, and R-rated images uploaded on the online photo-hosting platform were in some cases made available to view on public web forums dedicated to exploiting Photobucket's privacy settings.The forum has more than 10,000 members.Unbelievably, another thread takes requests. Reddit users post names of girls whose private photos they want to see.Skilled hackers are bypassing Photobucket's security settings and scouring for naked photos users wanted to keep private. They use software to retrieve the hidden snaps, a disturbing trend known as \"fusking.\"Photobucket users have the choice of making their albums or individual photos private, but every single photo still has its own URL.The image title is part of the URL, and even if the URL is private, the title isn't hard to guess.For example, if a user has an image titled IMG_03 that is made public, they most likely have an IMG_04, even if it's not public.Frisking programmes essentially speed up the guessing process and produce URLs for someone's hidden photos, something like: http://www.photobucket/com/image/username/IMG_04.jpg.Photobucket said that it's aware of fusking and provides a URL scrambling service that makes photos harder to hack.\"Scrambled URLs have been an option for the past two years and will be the default for all new uploads,\" the New York Daily News quoted Photobucket spokesman David Toner as telling CNN.\"The company is in the process of reminding users about the option to scramble URLs to prevent fusking,\" he said.Toner insisted that the breach of privacy is \"very rare\" and said it has \"only affected a small number of Photobucket's users.\"Experts suggest that the best way to avoid starring in your own X-rated Reddit show is to keep nude photos off the Internet altogether - private or not.\"Privacy settings on social media sites just can't keep up with how fast technology is adapting,\" social media attorney Ethan Wall said.\"As sites get more private, hackers and people who want to get more information will continue to get more sophisticated,\" Wall added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15445517", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan likes GOW 1 over 2", "text": "Amitabh Bachchan prefers Anurag Kashyap's Gangs Of Wasseypur 1 over part 2. The actor  tweeted\" Got  a rare off this afternoon and saw GOW 2 .. quite impressive and rugged .. more violence, and some twists and turns unexpected !!The actor tweets further, \" GOW 2 ... though I must say despite its brilliance I did seem to enjoy GOW 1 , more .. maybe because it came first !\"But Bachchan goes to praise the performances in the film. GOW 2 ... the performances, the natural and most vivid visuals and the unique music, so novel and attractive !!Gangs of Wasseypur .. a riveting film on the conditions and state of this region in Bihar !! Most naturally performed !!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15448795", "title": "Finance company's letterheads forged to issue call letters", "text": "New Delhi: A leading finance company has registered a case with the Delhi police claiming that the company's letter heads and their former managing director's name was being misused to issue fictitious call letters forjobs at their company to the youths.\"We received an invitation mail?, ?containing a call letter for appointment in Aditya Birla Finance?/ ?Birla Global ?Finance Limited and the said letter was alleged to be issued by Mr?. ?S K Mitra,assistant manager? in the company having its office at district centre in Janak Puri New Delhi?. ?However, the company does not hold any office at this address and the company has not issued any such letter,\" said the complainant.The complainant in his statement further said that ?no such ?person named S K Mitra worked as an Assistant Manager with the Finance compnay but there was a managing director in the company by this name whose name is probably being misused for cheating applicants?. ?A senior police officer said that applicants were directed to deposit an amount of Rs ?9400 ?as refundable security amount in an account? after which the accused promised to mail the call letter and Air tickets to the applicant.?The accused in the mail promised the applicants salaries ranging from ?27000? ?to ?1?,?56?,?000? ?per month. As per the company, they hadearlier also received complaints from public regarding receipt of appointment Letter?s on behalf of the company and a complaint had been registered at the EOW wing of crime branch.A case under sections of cheating and forger ?415?/?419?/?420?/?463?/?468?/?469 ?IPC and Trade Mark Act? has been registered at the Parliament Street police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15443600", "title": "Another sector for Chandigarh: 56 West", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After Sector 38 West, the city will now have Sector 56 West as UT urban planning department has decided to use the vacant land at the west-end boundary of the city along Punjab, next to the existing Sector 56.Instead of developing a whole new sector in the biggest chunk of available land close to Maloya, most of the land will be kept aside for future use. It has already been decided to set up a bulk material market in the proposed sector. A green belt will be maintained around the area.\"A housing scheme for UT employees is already coming up in Sector 56 and is shaping up well. The area next to it will not be used in a hurry and Sector 56 West will have projects coming up depending upon the future requirements of the city,\" said a UT official.\"There is already a mad scramble for plots and flats in Sector 56 and the same would happen if UT plans to come up with housing projects in Sector 56 West. Sector 38 West has proved to be a successful experiment and this, too, is prime land close to Mohali,\" said Randhir Chahal, property dealer based in Sector 61.Other newly-developed sectors in Chandigarh such as 61 and 63, besides 48, have portions falling in Mohali, but this wouldn't be the case with Sector 56 West. The detailed layout of the area will be worked out by the urban planning department before budget sanction is made for the projects to come up there. Sector 38 West too wasn't a part of the original master plan and was planned later by the administration.The bulk material market will be the first in the city and will offer dry materials such as coal, cereals, wood chips, sand, gravel and stone in loose bulk form.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15443336", "title": "Plea for HC intervention in Vid\u2019s irrigation backlog", "text": "NAGPUR: Three social workers from the city have knocked the judiciary's doors claiming that the Maharashtra government had miserably failed to wipe out irrigation deficit of the region since last three decades - 1980 to 2010. The backwardness of Vidarbha region is primarily due to step-motherly treatment meted by influential politicians from western Maharashtra, the petitioners said.Citing information obtained under the Right to Information (RTI) Act, the social workers moved the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court praying for directives to central and state governments to complete all the pending projects on war footing to remove the huge backlog of the region.According to petitioners, Mohan Karemore, Amit Khot and Bharti Dabhadkar, if 36 projects cleared by the government from 2004 to 2007 had been completed it would have led to irrigation capacity of 4.91 lakh hectares. They also stated that it would have led to massive jump in revenue to the tune of 5,000 crore for the region. Subsequently, over five lakh farmers and farm labourers would have benefited.A division bench comprising justice Pratap Hardas and justice ML Tahaliyani issued notices to union secretary of Urban Development Department (UDD), state secretaries of General Administration Department ( GAD), UDD, Irrigation and Forest Department, and Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC). They were asked to reply in four weeks.Counsel for petitioners Shrikant Khandalkar pointed out that the government officials and bureaucrats deliberately delayed the projects in Vidarbha. Despite project reports for many being ready and approvals granted, the VIDC failed to take them further. Giving example of Washim, the petitioners informed that about 27 minor irrigation projects were yet to see the light of the day due to state irrigation department's apathy. Moreover, about 54 projects are pending for necessary permission from the forest and revenue departments of both central and state governments.Criticizing the government, Khandalkar contended that it declared special packages to farmers after large-scale suicides in the region, but corruption has prevented funds from reaching the affected people. He informed that many projects including Gosikhurd, inaugurated by former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi, were pending since last three decades, due to which their costs have escalated manifold.He argued that the department of minor irrigation had identified 36 projects at the cost of 244.22 crore in 2001 but due to inordinate delay, their cost has jumped up by a whopping 270% to 672.31 crore. Citing a TOI report, Khandalkar informed that the government had diverted 1 lakh crore meant for Vidarbha's irrigation projects to western Maharashtra during the last decade. The petitioners also demanded a high level inquiry into the alleged irrigation scam and a panel to examine environmental impacts due to opening of 85 power projects in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15440806", "title": "Assam Higher Secondary Education Council declares higher secondary exam dates", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam Higher Secondary Education Council (AHSEC) declared the dates for the Higher Secondary examination for the year 2013 on Friday. The Higher Secondary examination will start on February 18, 2013 for the new course students and the exams for the old course students will begin on January 2, 2013.U C Das, AHSEC secretary said, \"The new course students will fill their forms on September 20 while the old course students will fill their forms on September 29 this year.\"\"The routine, however, is not out yet, but is likely to be declared this week itself. Since we haven't received the government holiday list yet, the routine has not been made, but meetings are being held and after discussion, we will declare the routine,\" Das said.The council has also introduced Environmental Studies (EVS), which has been made compulsory in class 11, that is, the higher secondary first year. The grades of the EVS will be tallied in class 12, that is, HS final examination.\"The EVS marks will be out of 50 marks, 30 marks for theory and 20 marks for project work. The decision came after a Supreme Court order and EVS books are now available in the market,\" Das added.Parmita Duara, a student said, \"The dates are out so it feels like the countdown has already begun and it is time to start preparing for the exam as the higher secondary is the most crucial exam of a student's life.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15442106", "title": "Man shot dead in fight between 2 groups", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A man was shot dead and three others injured when an altercation occurred between two groups regarding a case of alleged eve-teasing at Ghori Baccheda village on Thursday night. Cops said that the deceased has been identified as Vali Ahmed (40). The other three sustained injuries after shrapnel from bullets fired struck them.SSP Praveen Kumar said the incident took place around 10.30pm outside Kanshi Ram Awaas Yojana near the village. \"Some men had allegedly eve-teased a girl from another community and attacked the man with her,\" the SSP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15441050", "title": "Jairam Ramesh, Subodh Kant Sahay to inaugurate state-of-the-art hospital in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: A business house in Ranchi has come up with the state-of-the-art hospital which is to be inaugurated on Sunday by Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh and union minister for tourism Subodh Kant Sahay.Located at close proximity to the capital's main square, Santevita hospital would have some of the unique facilities like Sleep laboratory, labour delivery room and 24x7 critical care ambulance services.Addressing media here on Friday, medical director of the hospital, HD Sharan who is trained in non-invasive cardiology from Cleveland Heart Foundation said the main idea is to provide quality medical care to the patients for a select income group. \"We want to maintain transparency in billing and the charges so that the patients don't feel being cheated by the management,\" he said.The 80-bed hospital would be providing medical care in three formats. \"There would be three types of rooms-Twin share for Rs 1200, Single deluxe rooms for Rs 2500 and suite for Rs 4500 per day,\" Sharan said clarifying that the room charges would include fees of duty doctor medical care and dietary requirement of the patients. The ICU charges would be Rs 3500 per day whereas the fees for consulting experts and oxygen would be charged separately.The hospital has plans to provide labour delivery room in which an expecting mother would be provided with every facility along with delivery under expert supervision in the room itself. Sharan said that Sleep laboratory would be equipped to diagnose the sleep pattern in some of the obese people who suffer from a medical condition called sleep apnoea in which mild snoring sometimes becomes fatal due to sudden breathlessness during sleep time. \"Patients once diagnosed with such problem could be advised to use a small ventilator kind of equipment to help them breathe easily even while sleeping,\" he said.The critical care ambulance with mini ICU facilities would help mitigate the time elapsed in transport of the patient to hospital. Sante-meaning health in French and Vita meaning life in Italian would ensure that the main focus is on saving life of the patients. Amit Sahu who is the proprietor of the hospital said that they have entered into a tie up with Delhi based Medanta hospital for expert guidance and would soon apply for NABH certification (national accreditation board for hospitals and healthcare services).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441368", "title": "Actuarial science course at Hindu College from August 16", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hindu College is launching actuarial science as an add-on course on August 16. The first college to initiate this course in Delhi University , Hindu will run it in collaboration with an insurance firm. \"The idea is to increase the students' employability in the insurance sector,\" said the college's acting principal, Pradyumn Kumar.The minimum qualifying age is 18 and the candidate needs to have scored at least 85% in maths in Class XII. But there's no upper age limit and graduates and post-graduates are welcome, too, provided they have 55% in maths or math-related subjects. \"The faculty will be from within the college and outside. The students will intern with Metlife,\" said Kumar.Actuarial science involves the use of mathematics and statistics to understand the financial impact of future events. Considering their chief function as risk assessors, actuaries are most often employed in the insurance sector. For life-insurance, for instance, actuaries will focus on analysis of mortality. Actuarial models are generally used to price insurance products.\"The course will prepare students for the exams conducted by the Institute of Actuaries of India. Exams are held twice a year and there are 12 compulsory papers, including maths, statistics and general insurance,\" said Kumar. Hindu is currently hoping for a class of about 25-30 students but if the response is good, the college may even add another section.Hindu has till now run add-on courses in languages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15443869", "title": "Pune races: Astapi for feature", "text": "PUNE: Four-year-old Astapi, who has been doing well in the morning workouts, seems to have weight advantage over his two main rivals Macchupicchu and Native Knight in the Eve Champion Trophy (Grade 3), the feature event of the Saturday's Pune races.There are 10 races on Saturday with first starting at 1.30 pm.Selections1. Ruben Star Plate: Grand Design 1, Swift Memories 2. 2. Deepak Raut Gold Trophy-Div-II: Maori Chief 1, Smokey Baba 2. 3. Zephyr Bay Plate: Lazor Razor 1, Pumba 2. 4. Cabriolet Plate: Stromboli 1, Enlightenment 2. 5. Al Dente Plate-Div-II: Serena 1, Matilda 2. 6. Eve Champion Trophy (Grade 3): Astapi 1, Macchupicchu 2. 7. Deepak Raut Gold Trophy-Div-I: Winston 1, Lightening Thunder 2. 8. Ronin Plate: Brunello 1, Westerlie 2. 9. Aspinalls Plate: Eskimo 1, Winter Wind 2. 10. Al Dente Plate-Div-I: Wings Of Glory 1, Aliyana 2. Day's best: Grand", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15442884", "title": "5 techies from Hyderabad die in US accident", "text": "WASHINGTON: Five software professionals, all from Hyderabad, died when their car hit a tractor-trailer and burst into flames in the US city of Oklahoma on Friday, the police said.The accident happened when the car, a Chevrolet Camaro, hit the tractor-trailer, the Oklahoma highway patrol spokesman Capt Chris West said.The car slid underneath the truck, went down an embankment and burst into flames. All five occupants of the car were killed on the spot.The five have been identified as Jaswanth Reddy Subbayyagari, Phanindra Gade, Anurag Anthati, Srinivas Ravi and Venkat, the Telugu Association of North America (TANA) said quoting friends of those who died in the accident. Only Venkat was married. Police said none of them was wearing seatbelt.TANA president, Prasad Thotakura, said the organization was working with the police and local community to inform the families of the deceased, and making necessary arrangements to send the bodies to Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "15447931", "title": "Summons to Badal in US: family of complainant back home being frequented by Punjab police", "text": "Barnala: The summons to Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal by a US court during his ongoing USA visit has its undercurrents felt in a Barnala village. Punjab police is on its toes to pin down the family of one of the complainant against Badal. Jagtar Singh of Shiromani Akali Dal(Amritsar) and US organization 'Sikhs for Justice' had approached court under US alien torts claim act and torture victims protection act in Wisconsin and the court going by the complainant had issued summons to Badal giving him 21 days time to file reply.The Barnala police after getting to know about Jagtar Singh belonging to Kothe Gill village in Barnala is making frequent visits to the family for gathering information about the man behind issuance of summons to state chief minister. Jagtar Singh, who according to police officials was declared proclaimed offender in Punjab, had shifted to US in late 2008.Barnala police led by DSP Tapa and Sehna police station SHO visited the village on late Saturday evening and enquired about Jagtar from his father Chand Singh, brother Chamkaur Singh. It is being said that police is exerting pressure on the family to ask Jagtar for withdrawing the complainant. The family fears that they may have to face harassment at the hands of police.Barnala SSP Surjit Singh confirming the Barnala police getting active about Jagtar said \"it came out during digging information about Jagtar' past that he is a PO for jumping bail in an NDPS act case and has dubious past\". SSP said it has come out that Jagtar in the past had links with terrorists and police wanted to know whether he still is in contact with some terrorist organization\". He though denied putting pressure on the family.Jagtar' brother Chamkaur Singh said police and intelligence officials had come calling on several occasions from Saturday to enquire about my brother and his activities in US and back home in the past. We have been told that they could be summoned to police station anytime\". We are law abiding citizens and are living peacefully let no one should harass us, he added.A Wisconsin district court issued summons to Badal on the eve of his US visit on August 8 after Sikhs for Justice and Jagtar had approached court for Badal allegedly shielding the police officials(pointing towards Punjab Director General of Police Sumedh Singh Saini) as being responsible for alleged torture and killing of innocent people during terrorism in Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15443391", "title": "Kori rotti and mutton curry for sehri, iftar", "text": "MANGALORE: The holy month of fasting for Muslims has just another 10 days to go. Sehri, the meal consumed early in the morning before sun rise, and iftar, the evening meal after sunset to break the fast, consist of a wide array of dishes.Restaurateur Barkhat Ahmed says: Generally, sehri consists of meat dishes; he prefers rice gruel, which is prepared by boiling basmati rice with ghee. His home folk have rice rotis with either chicken curry, fish fry or dal fry. \"I have conji (rice gruel) because it gives me stamina to stay throughout the day without feeling the hunger pangs.\" Another reason for him having conji is health-related. \"The spicy curries or masalas usually cause acidity or other problems. Hence I avoid them for Sehri,\" he adds.The iftar fare includes mutton/ chicken or vegetarian samosas, locally available dates, and variety of fruits. The fare changes every day. \"Those who come from abroad get dates from Saudi Arabia , otherwise, we use what is locally available,\" adds Barkhat. Bombay Lucky's Mohammed Iqbal says that they prepare spring rolls, rice roti, chicken curry, boiled rice, fish fry, dal curry, ghee rice, mutton curry, prawns puli munchi (sour variety). \"These are the general dishes prepared. The fare changes every day. Today I had rice roti with chicken curry. Tomorrow it may be parathas with mutton curry and so on,\" he adds.Large families have gatherings in one house and celebrate.\"We don't do it every day. But on the last day, we see that all congregate at one house and share the festive meal,\" says former mayor K Ashraf.On Thursday, it was a veritable feast for iftar, which included varieties of custards, kheer, spiced dahi vada, spiced chana, chicken samosa, chicken fritters, mutton cutlet, onion pakodas and varieties of fruit.On Wednesday night, people from different communities came together for a feast of harmony at 'Souharda Ifthar Koota' at the police station of Coastal Security Police in Kasaba Bengre. The iftar was hosted by Jamat-e-Islami Hind, Kasaba Bengre unit along with Coastal Security Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15441984", "title": "\u2018Amendment to gambling Act a farce\u2019", "text": "PANAJI: Aaam Aurat Admi Against Gambling (AAAAG) has termed the amendment to the Goa Public Gambling Act as a farce and said that the state government should have consulted the citizens before finalizing any decision on casinos if the government was sincere in tackling the casino issue.Spokesperson Sabina Martins said that the chief minister has given a big advantage to the casino vessels by declaring that they don't need permission from the director general (DG) of shipping to operate in River Mandovi.Ridiculing the statement, Martins said the captain of ports (CoP) permission allows the boats to be in the river and added that the amendment also gives scope for the government to allow casino boats to operate in other rivers in the state. While pointing out that in the amendment there is also no clear definition of 'off-shore' , she said that the people of Goa have not forgotten Parrikar's stand on casinos over the last few years.Martins also ridiculed the chief minister for including pilgrims in the definition of tourists visiting the casinos. In the bill, the definition of 'tourist' means 'a person or a group of persons, who have attained the age of 21 years, including pilgrims who are on a visit to the state of Goa, and not domiciled or permanently residing in the state of Goa, holding a valid tourist permit issued under this Act'. Parrikar's reply on this two days ago was that the definition is taken from Tourist Trade Act.Martins also questioned Parrikar's contention that if casino licences are cancelled, it would send a wrong signal to the investors. \"If that is so, then why did he in the past enjoin the anti-casino groups to demand scrapping of offshore casinos in Goa? Every government is supporting gambling,\" she said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15440893", "title": "Adi Students' Union gives government 30 days to meet demands", "text": "ITANAGAR: Expressing displeasure over the Arunachal government's alleged failure to respond to their charter of demands, the Adi Students' Union (AdiSU), issued an ultimatum to the government to fulfill their demands within 30 days.The union on December 22 had submitted a memorandum to the state government demanding review of the MoUs and MoAs of hydropower projects in all the Adi-inhabited areas, alleging that the state government had signed the agreements without the consent of the local people.Demanding exclusion of Adi-inhabited villages from the proposed Lower Siang district, AdiSU said that Adi villages, namely Depi, Depi-Moli, Detak, Korang and Sido, are under the administrative control of the Nari ADC headquarters and Koyu CO headquarters of East Siang district. The merging of these villages with the proposed new district would be against the will and consent of the villagers, it added.The union further asked the government to initiate legal action against the East Siang SP for his alleged misbehaviour with AdiSU volunteers during the chief minister's visit to Pasighat recently. The student body threatened to launch a democratic movement if its demands are not fulfilled within the given time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15440684", "title": "Seize arms to preempt violence in Bodoland Territorial Council: Digvijaya Singh", "text": "GUWAHATI: AICC general secretary Digvijaya Singh has joined the bandwagon of leaders demanding seizure of illegal arms in possession of ex-militants in order to preempt violence in Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) areas in future. After visiting the violence-affected areas and meeting relief camp inmates in Dhubri and Kokrajhar districts, Singh said in Guwahati on Friday that the presence of illegal arms in BTC was a matter of serious concern.\"Presence of illegal arms has become a matter of concern. We appeal to the Assam government to disarm those who are in possession of these weapons. This disarmament should be taken up at the highest level,\" Singh said. His demand for mopping up illegal arms came after chief minister Tarun Gogoi and former Union home minister P Chidambaram expressed similar concerns.Earlier this month, the All India Muslim Majlis E Mushawarat (AIMMM), an umbrella body of Muslim organisations in the country, had raised the issue of illegal arms in the BTC with the chief minister.Amid demands for dissolution of the BTC raised by political parties like Badruddin Ajmal-led All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF), the AICC general secretary categorically said that his party did not support scrapping the elected body.\"We do not believe in dissolution of an elected body like the BTC. Dissolving the BTC is not possible. The BTC should take advantage of pro-poor development schemes and work for the welfare of people living in the area,\" Singh said.Without naming anyone, he also attacked political parties trying to play a divisive game in the region taking advantage of the situation. \"Unfortunately, there are political groups that are trying to take advantage of the divisive sentiment. In such a charged atmosphere where people are being killed, it is important to bring peace rather than incite violence with communal statements,\" Singh said.The Congress leader also suggested that along with relief and rehabilitation exercises, initiatives should be taken for reconciliation of all the communities in the BTC.\"We have suggested the government to form peace committees at the picket-level so that people from all communities can meet and hold discussions frequently. We have to create a sense of security among the people affected by the violence,\" he said.\"Along with relief and rehabilitation, reconciliation is also the need of the hour. We have suggested the government to form peace committees at the picket-level so that people from different communities can meet and hold discussions frequently. We have to create a sense of security among the people affected by the violence,\" he said.Singh also attended the Congress coordination committee meeting on Friday, in which the chief minister was also present. The AICC general secretary said that there were no differences among the cabinet ministers on Gogoi. He informed that the stand of Bodoland People's Front (BPF), which is an ally of Congress, was also discussed in the meeting.\"I had interacted with BPF leaders during my visit. And their stand is very clear - peace should be brought back in the BTC,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15443281", "title": "Sewage in your drinking water supply at Gorewada lake", "text": "NAGPUR: Sewage has been flowing into Gorewada lake, which supplies drinking water to almost 70% of the city, from the last five-seven years. This has come to fore only after several complaints by corporator Jagdish Gwalbanshi.Confirming pollution of the drinking water source, mayor Anil Sole claimed the quantity of sewage flowing into Gorewada lake is very less. \"The situation is likely to worsen in the coming days, as the number of houses is on rise on the layouts that are discharging sewage. Inspection of the entire area was done for three hours on Friday with NIT chairman Praveen Darade, since have been sanctioned by NIT. It's a very serious issue and requires an immediate solution. I have directed officials to prepare a plan and execute the works in association with NIT,\" he said.Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari said NMC is planning to construct a sewage system in the layouts from where the sewage is flowing into the lake. \"Sewage water will be treated at the treatment plant. The treated water will then be released into Bor nullah, from where the water will flow into Pili river. This will stop sewage water from flowing into the lake. NMC and NIT will share the cost of the work,\" he said.Asked if any immediate measures are possible, Darade told TOI that the process will take some time. \"Layouts in the area were regularized before 2004-05, without a sewage system. Engineers from NIT and NMC will conduct a survey, and prepare a proposal. Then the tender will be issued and construction process will begin,\" he said.Explaining the seriousness of the problem, Gwalbanshi told TOI that around 10 layouts with 500-600 houses have developed near Khadak nullah, which starts from Khadakgaon Road situated near Dhaba. \"There is no sewage system in these layouts. NIT constructed three sewage tanks beside the nullah for sewage. But population in the area has increased tremendously. The first sewage tank has become defunct and sewage is flowing into the nullah. The other two sewage tanks are of no use, since sewage seeps into the nullahs from there too. Thus, the entire sewage is flowing into the nullah, which flows into Gorewada lake after crossing Katol Road,\" he said.Gwalbanshi also said that he had brought the issue to the notice of NMC officials a couple of years ago. \"NMC did not pay any attention. I raised the issue in the general body meeting too. Sole assured to look into the matter, and came on a visit,\" he said.NIT, the planning authority for the city, never constructed a sewage system to ensure sewage flows out of the city, which would have prevented pollution of city's 11 lakes and natural water streams. Even the Nag river, one of 20 notified rivers in the state, has turned into an open sewage drain.Gorewada lake is the only one among 12 lakes to have been saved from pollution, as it is situated outside the city.However, this lake too is facing a threat from sewage pollution now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15448763", "title": "Britney Spears channels her 'inner Cleopatra' for perfume ad", "text": "Britney Spears has taken inspiration from historic diva Egyptian Queen Cleopatra, for an upcoming fragrance campaign.\"Channeling my inner Cleopatra today at Elizabeth Arden Fantasy Twist shoot,\" the New York Post quoted her as tweeting.The mother-of-two dressed up as an ancient Egyptian, with over-the-top golden gear, including a head-piece and feathers on her shoulders, as she posed for the ads.She said that the fragrance will be out next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15441545", "title": "Single window for speedy clearance of CNG outlets", "text": "PUNE: District collector Vikas Deshmukh on Friday announced that a single window system will be set up to speed up the processes to grant clearances and no objection certificates (NOC) from various government departments for CNG refilling centres. The food grain distribution office (FDO) will monitor functioning of one-window system and will initiate steps to restrict delays by conducting monthly meetings, said collector.The collector also said as many as 13 new CNG refilling centres are expected to open across the city in next one year. Besides this, the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Ltd (PMPML) has agreed to provide plots at four places to start CNG refilling centres which will benefit the buses, autorickshaws and private cars.The meeting, held to address issues pertaining to supply of CNG in the city, was attended by the officials of the Regional Transport Office ( RTO), Pune Petrol Dealers Association (PDA) , FDO, Maharashtra Natural Gas Ltd. (MNGL) and representatives of Rickshaw Panchayat were present for the meeting.The meeting was crucial as the PDA and autorickshaw unions had threatened to go on strike from August 16 citing insufficient supply of CNG. \"It has been decided to resolve all issues regarding insufficient supply of CNG in the city,\" said Deshmukh.\"The officials of PDA, oil companies and MNGL have been told to hold talks in the next 15 days about revision of CNG commission from 60 paise per kg to Rs 1.20 and increasing the number of CNG outlets by giving a gas connection to every petrol pump. The dealers have agreed to start CNG outlets at existing pumps if the commission is revised\".Deshmukh further said, \"We have told the MNGL and dealers to identify the locations for refilling centres along the gas pipeline. This would reduce excess burden on existing refilling centres. The existing refilling centres have been asked to work in two shifts to increase CNG distribution\". He said, Pune and Pimpri Chinchawd areas have 15 CNG centres. There is a need to start more centres as the number of vehicles with CNG kits in the city has crossed 20,000 mark.Baba Dhumal, vice-president of the All-India Petrol Dealers Association, said, \"We will not go on strike as the talks were positive. We hope our demand for revision in commission would be addressed\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441290", "title": "13 held for gambling in Borivli", "text": "MUMBAI: Thirteen persons were arrested on gambling charges late on Thursday from an apartment at Borivli (W) . The accused, nine of whom are women, were caught playing cards against money at Hariom apartments on SV Road. All the accused were produced before a metropolitan court at Borivli on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15434193", "title": "Soha Ali Khan manhandled!", "text": "While shooting for a brutal scene in her new film, Chaarfutiya Chhokre, Soha Ali Khan didn't allow any still cameraman be on the sets. \"Usually there's a photographer present on the sets clicking pictures for continuity's sake.But we had to do away with them for this particular scene,\" revealed a unit source. Apparently, the scene, a crucial part of the film, required the villain (played by actor Zakir Hussain), rip apart her shirt in a disgusted manner exposing her. The source said, \"In the scene, Soha is thrown in front of Zakir who starts to beat her and humiliate her and in the process has to tear off her shirt completely. She felt uncomfortable doing the scene in the presence of the photographers. But once they were off the sets, Soha, like a thorough professional, played the victim and allowed the villains to be their most evil selves.\" Soha was manhandled and pushed and in the bargain landed up getting badly bruised. \"Despite injuries, she continued to shoot and refused to use a duplicate.The manhandling caused red patches and marks on her arms and the back. There were places she was badly wounded too and had to be given medical aid,\" concluded our source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "15440587", "title": "National School of Drama launches camp course in Tripura", "text": "AGARTALA: The National School of Drama (NSD) started its first camp course in Agartala to impart theatre learning at the elementary level, said NSD chairperson Amala Allana.Allana on Wednesday said that the NSD has taken the initiative to run the full-time, one-year postgraduate certificate course in theatre-in-education in Tripura to make children aware of the importance of theatre. The camp course attempts an interface between education, child development and theatre.She added that the course would use theatre as a learning resource to enliven parts of curricular content. The course would also provide opportunities for children to use dialogues besides using local folk traditions to explain childhood concerns and contemporary issues.She said they have selected Tripura for this venture considering the potential and positive environment of cultural development in the state and \"to make theatre-in-education an independent discipline that encompasses several other disciplines relating to children's education and creative expression.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15448537", "title": "Telly- towners get knotty", "text": "After all the hue and cry and bucketful of tears, audiences love to see some lighter moments in their favourite TV shows. Well, it's not just the melodrama that keeps the audiences hooked on to a show is it? With a few telly couples tying the knot recently (or about to tie the knot), Indian audiences are set to witness some celebrations and happy times in their living room as their favourite on screen couples get married.Some couples who got married recently include Megha and Mohan in 'Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha', Anji and Dr Ranganath in 'Kuch Toh Log Kahenge' and Madhubala and RK in 'Madhubala - Ek Isshq Ek Junoon'. While in the first two shows mentioned above saw a lot of singing and dancing in the sangeet and mehendi ceremonies, Madhubala's wedding was another dramatic situation, in which she is forced to get married to superstar RK. While these sequences create a lot of TRP froth, they also ensure loyal viewership.One of TV's favourite couple - Viraat and Manvi in 'Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai' are also set to tie the knot now that Manvi has battled cancer. With some more musical performances lined up by her sister Jeevika (played by Krystle D'Souza), the audiences are all set to witness some naach-gaana on the small screen!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15446381", "title": "Bhubaneswar goes green", "text": "Aiming to revolutionize the trend of making children movies in the country, KIIT University, along with with the Children's Film Society, India, kick-started the International Green Screen Lab-2012 in Bhubaneswar yesterday.Director Nila Madhab Panda, who is an organizing member of the event, was all smiles when BT asked him about this initiative. \"We have German director Arend Agthe, screenplay writer Sanjay Chouhan, filmmaker Onir and actor Tannishtha Chatterjee with us. They will play mentors to the scrip writers,\" he shared, adding, \"We are expecting to make at least five quality children cinemas out of the total 18 entries.\"Tannishtha Chatterjee, who visited this city for the first time, was pleasantly surprized to find it so clean and green. \"I am here to mentor the scriptwriters but after reaching the city, I felt that I have a lot to learn from here. It's really beautiful and I wish I could stay here forever,\" said Tannishtha. \"I also have plans to visit the famous Sun temple of Konark,\" added the actor.Meanwhile, German director Arend Agthe was also impressed with the cleanliness of Bhubaneswar. \"I'm finding Bhubaneswar very environment-friendly. I intend to explore the landscape and visit the famous temples. Going to Puri is also on my agenda,\" said Arend.Onir, who is back in the city after a long 23 years, was overwhelmed to find how much it has changed. \"Coming back to Bhubaneswar after such a long gap is making me very happy. Oh, how I wish Mumbai was this clean,\" said the director.Jyoti Prakash Naik", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15440874", "title": "Wine shops reel after high court 'punch'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state excise department has closed down nearly 80% of wine shops and bars in Kamrup (metro) district since Thursday - evoking mixed reactions from the public.The move comes after Thursday's Gauhati high court order of sealing wine shops or bars within a 500 meter radius of educational institutions, religious places, courts and healthcare centres. Justice Ujjal Bhuyan gave the order while hearing a writ petition filed by Arun Pathak, owner of a bar at Christianbasti area of the city.The bar owned by Pathak was closed down by the administration on March 31 this year following public complaint that the bar was creating nuisance in the Christianbasti locality.However, wine shop and bar owners, who were affected by the diktat, are planning to challenge the high court order. \"We are constantly in touch with our counsels and will soon take a decision to move the court against the high court order,\" said Sushanta Kumar Roy, owner of SR Wine shop in the Kalapahar area in Guwahati.Sources in the district administration said many schools, temples and healthcare centres in the city have come up after the wine shops and bars were already operating in the areas. There are 441 bars and wine shops in Guwahati alone, which comes under the Kamrup (metro) district.Some of the oldest wine shops in the city, BN Dey Wine Shop and Khubchand Wine Shop at Panbazar were among those which have been closed down due the high court order.The high court on Thursday asked the Kamrup (metro) district administration to close down all the 'erring' bars and wine shops within the area and submit a compliance report by 10:30 am on Friday. The district administration, however, sought one week time for filing the report. The next hearing on the matter will take place on August 24.Explaining the cause of this delay, deputy superintendent of excise, Kamrup, Amarendra Nath said: \"Rule 183 (2) of the Assam Excise Rules, 1945, says no liquor shops or bars should be permitted within a distance of 500 meters from religious places, healthcare centres, educational institutions or similar buildings as far as possible. But, the location of the wine shops and bars are not calculated in terms of radius. We are conducting surveys to find out if there are still any such bars or wine shops we need to shut down as per the Gauhati high court order.\"The high court on Friday also ordered the deputy commissioner of Kamrup (metro) to furnish the names of the liquor shops, bars, pubs, lounge bars, hotels that were shut down along with names of the officials, who were responsible for granting them licenses, within 10 days from Friday, said B D Konwar, counsel of Pathak.While some of the residents have welcomed the high court order that led to closure of 80% bars and wine shops in the city, many are unhappy. Many city residents on Thursday night thronged to Jorabat in neighbouring Meghalaya to buy liquor after most of the bars and wine shops in the city were closed down by 5pm. The rush continued on Friday and wine shops across the state's border had brisk business.An official of the excise department said the state government earns approximately seven crore as revenue every month from bars and wine shops in the city.\"There are 16 liquor bottling plants and 20 bonded ware houses in Guwahati. Hundreds of people working in the bottling plants and bonded ware houses will become jobless if retail sale come down,\" said the official. After packaging at bottling plants, liquor goes to bonded ware houses for distribution among retailers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15443339", "title": "Semi nude rally to protest changes in carry over system", "text": "MANGALORE: Members of All College Students Association (ACSA) will stage a semi-nude rally to protest the change in the carryover system in polytechnic courses on Saturday.The procession will be taken out from Jyothi Circel to the deputy commissioner's office to urge the government to find a solution for their problems.Association member HJ Vinay said that the regulations in the latest government circular, which was issued to state technical education directorate, had put several in trouble.\"As per the circular issued on July 23, a student who failed in more than eight subjects are not qualified to be admitted to the next academic year. Similarly, those who failed in more than four subjects in the 2012-13 batch will not be qualified to be admitted to the classes of next year. Hundreds of students will be suffering due to the new policy of the government,\" he said.\"The state government should change the decision and allow all students to continue their study even if they are failed in all subjects. A uniform policy needs to be chalked out to find solutions to the problems of the diploma students,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15442153", "title": "Noida authority warns residents against encroachments", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has issued a public notice saying that strict punitive action will be taken against anyone found illegally encroaching upon roads and sidewalks across the city. According to an Authority survey, people have been found encroaching by constructing ramps and grills.According to the survey, a number of plots were found where illegal constructions were made to encroach upon the road, especially around drains. \"We have found that residents have constructed grills, placed generators, or built structures such as ramps, garages and store rooms to encroach upon the land,\" said Sanjeev Saran, CEO, Noida Authority.The survey has also found encroachment of drains, which has led to the blockage of water flow leading to a problem in the general sanitation of the area. \"The problem of drains in Noida has been a perennial complaint. With people encroaching upon drains the water flow stops due to the debris that fall into it,\" said an official.In the public notice, the Authority has given residents a month to remove encroachments before punitive action is taken. \"During this month, residents who have encroached upon this land must remove their structures on their own. Following this grace period, strict action will be taken against offenders,\" added Saran.The Authority has been coming down heavily on encroachment in the city. Recently, the administration has conducted drives against hawkers and shops in residential areas, illegal farmhouses and unauthorized parking in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15443097", "title": "Shoddy job leaves roads cracking", "text": "BELGAUM: Several arterial roads in Belgaum city, which were recently re-laid by the municipal corporation, have been battered due to heavy rain over the last few days, or so the municipal authorities claim.In the past four years, the city has seen an influx of funds as it hosted high profile events like the World Kannada Meet and the legislature session. Huge grants were sanctioned for overall infrastructure development, especially roads. Besides, former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa had also sanctioned Rs100 crore special grants for development.Though projects were taken up, the quality of work was tardy. The asphalt has worn out at several places and the rain has thrown open several potholes. Many major roads like College Road, Ambedkar Garden Road, Court Road, Club Road, Congress Road are damaged. These roads were asphalted twice or thrice in the past three years. But the potholes that have already resurfaced on Congress Road, Fort Road, Khade Bazar Road, Central bus stand road, Ganeshpur Road and Fort Road to Railway Station Road stand testimony to the substandard work taken up under the Rs100-crore special grants.Not just tarred roads, but even roads that were concretized, which are supposed to last for eight to 10 years, are in a pathetic condition. Ganapati Galli is the best example for this. The roads inside Mahantesh Nagar, Udyambag and Shahapur are also been damaged.Former city councillor Latifkhan Pathan alleges that government guidelines were not followed while developing these roads. He demands a CID inquiry into it.Another former councillor Parashuram Dhage said the Basavana Galli Road in Khasbag area, which was laid recently under the Rs100-crore grants, has completely worn out. \"The potholes here are so big that even people travelling in SUVs find it back-breaking to drive through this road,\" he said.Speaking to TOI, Vikas Kalaghatagi, former president of Belgaum Chamber of Commerce and Industries, pointed out that rain could not be blamed for the bad condition of roads. \"Neighbouring Goa gets more rain than Belgaum, yet the roads are not as damaged as roads in Belgaum. This proves that the work was of substandard quality,\" he said.According to district statistical department sources, the city has recorded the lowest rainfall of 457.5mm till date against the expected average of 1,128mm. Of the 457.5mm, 206.9mm rainfall was recorded in the month of July alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15448715", "title": "Jessica Simpson's dad Joe arrested for DUI", "text": "Jessica Simpson's father Joe Simpson was charged with drunk driving in Los Angeles last Saturday.According to law enforcement sources, the singer's dad was caught on Ventura Boulevard in Sherman Oaks on August 4, TMZ.com reported.LAPD cops had pulled his car over at around 10 pm and during the stop, they got the feeling that 54-year-old Simpson was intoxicated and ultimately handcuffed him and took him to jail.He was booked and spent the rest of the night behind bars and was released without having to post any bail at 9:41 the following day.The case has not been sent over to prosecutors in the Los Angeles City Attorney's Office yet, but if the criminal charges are filed, it's likely that he will not be getting any jail time and will just have to pay a heavy fine, as this is his first offense.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15448652", "title": "Mariah Carey to launch nail polish line", "text": "Mariah Carey is working the nail polish brand OPI to introduce two new collections that will go on sale next year.The singer says she can't wait to get to work as she's always loved doing manicures.\"I actually went to beauty school in 11th grade so I could have something to fall back on, so believe me, I've done my share of manicures as well as getting them. OPI knows that the polish you use makes a big difference not only in the look, but in the care of your nails and that's why I believe in the brand,\" Contactmusic quoted her as telling WWD.The Grammy-winning singer is perfect for the job, as \"nails are part of her personality,\" according to Suzi Weiss-Fischmann, executive vice president and artistic director of OPI.\"I really have always looked for celebrities for whom nails are very important, and it is not something you just Photoshop on a picture. She was very much part of the colour selection,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15442142", "title": "Central government returns revised BRTS project", "text": "JAIPUR: The Union government has returned the revised Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) project seeking an explanation of funds utilized in the project that were approved earlier. The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) had recently sent the revised proposal to the Centre for approval of funds as the estimated construction cost increased after a few alterations in designs. A senior JDA official said, \"The development report of the project will be sent to the Centre.\"This is the second time the JDA has revised a proposal for the BRTS project. Earlier, in June 2010 the authorities had sent the revised proposal of Rs 660 crore to the Centre for its approval. The original estimated cost for the project was around Rs 480 crore, however, expenses of Rs 180 crore were incurred due to additional construction of elevated roads and bridges.According to the officials as the elevated road from Panipech to Collectorate Circle under BRTS project, phase II, was dropped, the JDA sent a revised proposal of Rs 590 crore to the Centre for approval. \"In the revised development project report (DPR) elevated road on B2 bypass was proposed. However, it excludes the elevated road between Panipech and Collectorate Circle.\"An official said, \"Two elevated roads have been proposed. One is proposed from the end of Tonk Road that will be constructed till the end of New Sanganer Road. It will be approximately around 2,100 metres long. Similarly, from New Sanganer Road the road will be constructed till Amanishah Nullah and will be 1,200 metres long.\"The estimated cost of the proposed elevated road will be Rs 100 crore. We conducted a survey one-and-a-half year ago when the estimated cost was around Rs 65 crore.\"After the elevated road proposed by the state government from Collectorate Circle to Government Hostel was shelved after facing strong criticism that it might cause damage to the heritage building along the route, the decision was even taken to drop the plan of constructing elevated under BRTS to send the revised plan without including elevated road on this route. Officials said, the JDA has sent the revised proposal of 18.5 km BRTS route from Panipech to Sanganer as mixed corridor and priority lane. Explaining the concept of priority lane in BRTS, an official said it would be on similar lines as it was done in Delhi during Commonwealth Games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15442778", "title": "Patna buses running in red", "text": "PATNA: The city buses that were flagged off with great fanfare in May 2011 by chief minister Nitish Kumar , are running in huge loss. The flow of passengers is not even half of their capacity.The fleet of 70 city buses launched by Bihar State Road Transport Corporation (BSRTC) on six main city routes was supposed to bring relief and comfort to commuting Patnaites, but they have become a headache for their owner. These 32-seater, non-AC buses get adequate number of passengers during the office and college hours only; rest of the time their condition is quite miserable.Eden Transport, the company that runs these buses in public-private partnership (PPP) mode, was forced to convert its seven ladies buses into general ones just five months after their launch. Kunal Sharma, chief operating officer, Eden Transport, told TOI, \"Footfall of passengers in general buses is very low and the condition of women special buses is even worse.\"\"On an average, we earn Rs 1,000 from each bus per day, which is not enough even to meet our expenditure. If we get at least Rs 1,500 from each bus, then we will be in a 'no profit, no loss' situation, but our present situation is disappointing,\" he said.\"City buses are as costly as autos and we have to wait for them, not knowing when the next one will arrive. That's why, I prefer auto over these buses,\" said Kavita Singh, a daily commuter.Eden Transport is also facing acute shortage of drivers. \"We are also facing staff problem; it is very hard to get drivers with license of heavy passenger vehicle,\" said Sharma.Besides, tenders were awarded for introducing another 72 city buses on eight routes, but only six of these buses are plying. \"Since other interested parties have not submitted any papers stating their problems, we have given them warning and a time limit,\" said a BSRTC official, adding, \"We are lenient towards them and looking forward to introduce more buses under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) buses. If we launch all the buses simultaneously, the city would get choked.\"Despite losses, BSRTC is in high spirits and looking forward to introduce 100 more low-floor buses that would be funded by the Centre under JNNURM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15443200", "title": "Plate tectonics exist on Mars too, say researchers", "text": "The phenomenon of plate tectonics, previously thought to exist only on Earth also occurs beneath the surface of Mars, a scientist has claimed. A researcher from the University of California - found that the geological phenomenon, which involves the movement of huge crustal plates beneath a planet's surface, also exists on the red planet. \"Mars is at a primitive stage of plate tectonics. It gives us a glimpse of how the early Earth may have looked and may help us understand how plate tectonics began on Earth,\" said An Yin, a UCLA professor.Earthworm-like robot created: Scientists have engineered a robot that crawls like an earthworm and can squeeze itself through tight spaces and navigate rough terrain. Researchers from MIT, Harvard University and Seoul National University have engineered a highly resilient, soft autonomous robot that moves via peristalsis, crawling across surfaces by contracting segments of its body.World's first eyeless spider found: Scientists have discovered the first eyeless huntsman spider in the world in a cave in Laos . Researchers from the Senckenberg Research Institute in Frankfurt found that 'Sinopoda scurion' is the first huntsman spider which does not have eyes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15441387", "title": "DJB\u2019s bulk connection plan to create chaos", "text": "Delhi Jal Board's idea is bound to create chaos in multi-storeyed buildings. It should be clear to anyone familiar with life in apartments that supplying water to a common underground tank and leaving it to the occupants of the building to work out who gets how much is a recipe for daily strife. DJB's task does not end with producing enough potable water and making sure it reaches buildings. Ensuring equitable distribution of water to the capital's residents is surely very much part of DJB's mandate. It cannot look for the easy way out by outsourcing that job to individual building owners.Related story  :  Flak for Delhi Jal Board's bulk connection plan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15449316", "title": "Poor will now get ATM cards", "text": "MUMBAI: The poorest of the poor will now be able to open bank accounts with an ATM card with RBI issuing new guidelines asking banks to do away with minimum balance requirement for basic accounts. These accounts are also aimed at preparing the infrastructure for transfer of government benefits electronically from the government to the citizen.\"What the new norms mean is that no customer who comes to open an account can be turned away even if he cannot maintain minimum balance\" said KC Chakrabarty, deputy governor, Reserve Bank of India. The new directive comes after banks failed to make any major headway in `no-frills' accounts. Also a major disadvantage of the no-frills account was that without a cheque book or ATM facility the ability to conduct transactions was limited.\"With a view to doing away with the stigma associated with the nomenclature 'no-frills' account and making the basic banking facilities available in a more uniform manner across banking system, it has been decided to modify the guidelines\" RBI said in its circular.The basic savings account cannot be used by customers for opening multiple accounts. RBI norms require that a customer can open a basic account only after closing all other accounts. Also all existing 'no-frills' accounts have to be converted into basic accounts. The central bank has said that the basic savings bank deposit account would not have any minimum balance requirement, should facilitate cash deposit and withdrawal in branches and ATMs and also permit the customer to receive or send money by way of electronic payment channels.\"While there will be no limit on the number of deposits that can be made in a month, account holders will be allowed a maximum of four withdrawals in a month, including ATM withdrawals; and facility of ATM card or ATM-cum-Debit Card\" RBI said.Unlike the no-frills account, the basic savings account would be subject to RBI's `know your customer' and `anti-money laundering guidelines' which require customers to prove identity and address and places restrictions on cash deposits. But if the account is opened on the basis of simplified KYC norms, the account would be treated as a `small account' and subject to restrictions on transactions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15443027", "title": "Bureaucrat holds up Air India flight for 45 minutes", "text": "KOLKATA: A senior bureaucrat, who got late for his Air India flight to Delhi, pulled strings to hold it back by 45 minutes on Friday, making a mockery of aviation rules and leaving 95 passengers, including an infant, harassed.J K Dadoo, joint secretary (anti-dumping and subsidies) in the commerce ministry, arrived at the airline counter at 9.30am, when the boarding gates had already closed for flight AI 021, say sources. Three persons, who had arrived around 9.10am, had already been denied boarding passes. But Dadoo demanded to be let on board. When the airline staff refused, he threw his weight around and called an AI executive director, who directed the Kolkata ground staff to accommodate Dadoo, say sources.But if the airline was to accommodate the bureaucrat, they had to also take in the three other passengers \u2014 Srichand Samtani, wife Chitra and S Birendra Singh. Finally, all four were handed boarding passes. Then, the situation had to be explained to the CISF so that security check for the flight could be reopened. A document on passengers and cargo, required by Customs for foreign flights, had to be re-issued. And Daboo and the trio walked into the plane at 10.15am. Of the 95 passengers, 15 were to take connecting flights to London and New York .The incident once again highlights the blatant manner in which politicians and bureaucrats bend the rules to bring disrepute to the national carrier. Private carriers though, refuse to be bullied. A couple of years ago, a Jet Airways flight from Kolkata that was to carry then aviation minister Praful Patel left without him when his flight from Guwahati was delayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15441289", "title": "Times property showcase opens today", "text": "PUNE: The Times Premium Property Showcase will be held at The Westin, located in Koregaon Park, on August 11 and 12.The two-day show promises to be the one-stop shop for housing requirements for prospective home buyers in the city, with a special focus on premium homes. The exhibition will remain open between 10.30 am and 7.30 pm on both days.It is the seventh expo in the series of special edition property exhibitions. It has been conceptualised specifically keeping in mind the needs of the upper crust of society and will have properties on display that would essentially appeal to this niche segment of high-end property buyers.The exhibition will have select premium projects spread over the city, suiting the needs of today's discerning premium home buyers and investors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15449582", "title": "Two killed as protest over Assam riots turns violent in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Two persons died and 14 others were injured when a protest here against Assam riots turned violent as demonstrators torched vehicles, including media vans, and pelted stones, leading the police to fire in the air and use batons to the disperse the unruly mob on Saturday.Hundreds of people poured in at Azad Maidan in south Mumbai this afternoon on a call given by a city-based outfit, Raza Academy, to denounce the riots in Assam and also alleged attacks on a minority community in Myanmar .They suddenly turned unruly and torched vehicles, damaged buses and pelted stones. Police opened fire in the air and resorted to lathi-charge to disperse the mob and restore order, said a policeman deployed at the Azad Maidan.At least, 16 persons were injured and two of them later succumbed in a government hospital at south Mumbai. Among the injured were some media persons.\"Two persons, who were injured during the violence at Azad Maidan and were in critical condition, died while undergoing treatment at St George Hospital,\" a police officer told PTI.Police said they were trying to ascertain the victims' identity. Security has been stepped up at religious places across the metropolis.Azad Maidan, a regular venue for protests, is located near local civic body headquarters and Mumbai CST railway station. The bustling area wore a deserted look as policemen cordoned off the locality and patrolled the streets.The situation has been brought under control, police said, adding cause of the violence was being probed.Due to the unrest, suburban train services and road traffic were disrupted.The injured are admitted in St George, GT and JJ Hospitals, officials at disaster control room said.\"Three media OB vans and a police vehicle were set on fire. A BEST bus, two four-wheelers and five two- wheelers were damaged in the stone pelting,\" they stated.Meanwhile, Raza Academy distanced itself from the violence. \"While we were protesting, some people got aggressive and started behaving violently,\" Mohammed Saeed, general secretary of the academy, said. \"We never encourage violence and strongly condemn such acts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15442483", "title": "Farmers find farming unprofitable", "text": "HYDERABAD: A report released by National Sample Survey Organization ( NSSO) reveals that farmers in rural India spend less than Rs 35 a day. The situation in the rural hinterland of Andhra Pradesh is no better with monthly expenditure hovering at Rs 1,234 per person (or Rs 41 per day).This when the monthly income of farmers in rural areas is being pegged at Rs 1,054 and at Rs 1,984 for their counterparts in urban areas. Expressing concern over the widening income-expenditure gap, professor Aldus Janayya of Acharya NG Ranga Agricultural University told TOI that the incomes of 84% of the members of the farming community is less than what they spend.How do the peasants then overcome this gap? Ryots opt for loans at high rates of interest, work as farm labourers/coolies and labour at construction sites. Analysts say that lack of support price for various crops, income security and increased input costs has led to dipping incomes, higher expenses and distress migration among farmers.\"In states like Maharashtra, there is a major shift from agricultural to the horticultural sector. Their farmers have better incomes than our ryots,\" said KR Choudary, former advisor to the central government on agriculture.Thanks to the diminishing incomes from farming, peasant migration has assumed significant proportions in districts like Mahbubnagar, Karimnagar, Anantapur, Adilabad, Prakasam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam where cultivators are altogether shunning agriculture. \"Most of the construction workers in Hyderabad hail from the north coastal districts of Andhra Pradesh while farmers from Mahbubnagar and Anantapur head towards Maharashtra and Gujarat to look for work as labourers at construction sites,\" an expert pointed out.The worst hit are the marginal and small farmers. In 2010-11, the farmers got Rs 6,500 (per quintal) for cotton, Rs 14,000 for turmeric and Rs 12,000 for chilli. But their rates fell to Rs 3,500, Rs 4,000 and Rs 5,500, respectively, in 2011-12.\"The steep fall in remunerative prices has forced us to abandon cultivation. I am working as a construction labourer but neither is that fetching me much,\" said Sidda Naidu, who migrated to Hyderabad from Vizianagram.Agricultural activists blame the government for the present mess. \"Paddy is procured by the government, which fixes a low remunerative price. How do the farmers recoup their losses?\" pointed out GV Ramanjaneyulu of the Centre for Sustainable Agriculture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15442827", "title": "Bengal Engineering and Science University, Jadavpur University refuse govt order on seats", "text": "KOLKATA: Jadavpur University and Bengal Engineering and Science University have rejected the government's proposal to allow students to fill up vacant seats without taking the West Bengal Joint Entrance Examinations (WBJEE).On Friday, the Besu admission committee took a resolution that it will not take in \"inferior quality\" students to fill up seats.\"We are sending a letter stating our standpoint. The admission committee on Friday has decided that it will not be possible to admit students who have not appeared for WBJEE. We won't compromise on quality. It will also be unfair to students who secured a rank in WBJEE,\" said a senior Besu official.\"We have 55 vacant seats. But in reality, this number will reduce because we will have to give seats to students seeking lateral entry, students of foreign origin, Kashmir immigrants and also fill up the defence personnel quota. Even after allocating seats and filling up the quota, there will be very few seats left which can go vacant without any hassle.\"A senior teacher of the university said, \"What will happen when a student who has secured a rank in WBJEE goes to court if we decide to admit students without JEE ranks? The government should allow a fourth round of counselling.\"A senior JU official said: \"We have already informed the higher education department that it will not be possible for us to accept the proposal and adhere to the strictures. We do not want to compromise on the quality of students. Moreover, accommodating candidates who have not taken WBJEE to fill up 115 vacant seats will require the university to bend statutes and acts.\"On Monday, both the universities will send representatives to meet education minister Bratya Basu and other authorities in the higher education department in order to solve the imbroglio. WBJEE chairman Bhaskar Gupta has also been called to attend the meeting.\"We will go into the meeting with an open mind. We have already informed the government about our decision. Let us see what they suggest,\" said a JU official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15442894", "title": "Bihar State Industrial Development Corporation land encroached in Jharkhand", "text": "PATNA: The 18.71 acres land of Bihar State Industrial Development Corporation (BSIDC), which is worth 21.32 crore, has been encroached in Jharkhand's two towns - Ranchi and Sindri - as the sick corporation failed to make adequate arrangements for safeguarding its property.The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG), in its latest report tabled in Bihar assembly this week, has revealed that the BSIDC land on the sprawling premises of the High Tension Insulator Factory (HTIF) at Namkum in Ranchi and the Bihar State Super-Phosphate Factory at Sindri in Dhanbad district have been encroached by different government bodies and former employees of the two factories as the BSIDC failed to make proper arrangements for security of its immovable property, which includes land and buildings.While the 18.21 acres of land at HTIF, Ranchi, worth 20.32 crore, has been encroached, the 0.5 acre plot worth 1 crore at Sindri is grabbed.According to the CAG report, the Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) constructed a grid substation on 11.39 acres of the BSIDC land (on HTIF campus) valued 13 crore (at current market price) without any payment to the corporation and also without entering into any formal agreement for either sale, lease or transfer of the land. However, the Jharkhand high court intervened in the matter and directed the JSEB in March 2005 to approach the BSIDC for taking the said land on lease. But the JSEB neither paid any amount to the corporation nor approached it for any agreement for the land, the report said.Similarly, 40,000 sq feet (0.92 acres) of the land at the HTIF has been encroached either by the ex-employees, families of ex-employees or outsiders for 15 years or more. The BSIDC, however, failed to take any effective step to get its land vacated. Thus, the land valued at 1.63 crore is still under encroachment, the report said.Moreover, a hospital has been constructed by the Employees State Insurance Corporation on 5.9 acres land worth 5.69 crore (at current market price) on the HTIF premises, without any payment to the BSIDC and without entering into any formal agreement with it, the CAG report said.At the Sindri factory, 0.5 acre of residential area valued at 1 crore has been grabbed by the ex-employees/outsiders since the year 2000. The BSIDC didn't take any effective step to get the residential land vacated, the CAG said.The BSIDC was incorporated as a government company on November 5, 1960, with the objective to promote, establish and execute medium and large industries. \"The corporation has become non-functional since 1991-92 due to financial crisis and redundant technology,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15441637", "title": "Maruti unrest not planned, cops say", "text": "GURGAON: The violence in Maruti's Manesar plant on July 18 in which its GM-HR Awanish Kumar Dev was killed was the result of the workers' resentment against the management although it was not pre-planned, a police investigation has concluded.According to a Gurgaon police source, cops have come to the conclusion based on the interrogation of the arrested union leaders.\"The workers accused of the violence at the Maruti plant had the intention to hurt and damage although they had not planned the way in which the episode unfolded. When the accused Jiyalal slapped his supervisor and got suspended, it provided the right trigger for the manifestation of their motives,\" said Maheshwar Dayal, DCP (south-east).The police source said that union members were resenting the suspension of union president Rammehar and another worker a month before the incident. Although the two suspensions were revoked, union members had planned to teach the management a lesson.A senior police officer said that during the interrogation of the main accused, the union leaders clarified that they had no intention to kill Dev, although they were angry with him. The workers felt let down by Dev, who had a key role in the formation of the new union with Rammehar as the president.Though the suspensions were revoked the seeds of revenge were sown by then. \"On the very next day the union leaders held a secret meeting and decided that if the management suspended anyone now they would not take it lying down. From that point of time the union started finding fault with the management on all issues,\" a member of the special investigation team (SIT) said.\"After worker Jiyalal slapped a supervisor and got suspended on July 18, the workers in the first shift demanded his immediate reinstatement but the management insisted that it would be taken up the next day.\"If the union leaders had given the go-ahead, violence would have started in the first shift, but they were waiting for second shift workers to arrive. When the second shift workers reached the company, a meeting on the issue was under way. At one point the union leaders boycotted the meeting and the unrest began,\" the police officer said.During the interrogation, the main accused had told police in reply to a question on Dev, \"He was the man who was very helpful to the workers and we had pinned our hopes on him. But when we saw him indifferent in the case of the suspension of three of our colleagues we wanted to teach him a lesson, but we did not have any intention to kill him,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15442906", "title": "Student\u2019s body found in pond, kin cry foul", "text": "KOLKATA: Mystery shrouds the death of an 18-year-old schoolgirl whose body was brought out of a pond at Dactarbagan in Baranagar on Friday morning.The girl's family alleged that she had been murdered and lodged a complaint with police. An investigation has been started and the body was sent for autopsy.Police said Puja Shaw, a Class XII student of Ramakrishna-Sarada Vidya Mandir in Baranagar, had been missing since Thursday night. The girl, a resident of Baranagar Metropally, had left home around 6.30 pm as usual to attend a private coaching class in Dactarbagan, barely a kilometer from her residence. \"We learnt from her classmates that after attending the class, she left the coaching centre around 8.40 pm and was on her way home. But she never arrived home. We lodged a missing diary with Baranagar police late on Thursday,\" said Kishori Shaw, the girl's father.Around 10 am on Friday, residents of Dactarbagan noticed a schoolbag and a pair of ladies' shoes lying on the bank of a pond adjacent to the Bagjola canal and informed Baranagar police. The latter found Puja's identity card in the schoolbag. A team of divers was deployed at once and the girl's body was finally found around 11.30 am. \"Puja was an innocent girl and was very good in her studies. She used to return home straight from her coaching class. She had mentioned once that a group of drunken youths would make lewd comments at her while she returned home,\" said Puja's aunt Mina Begam, with whom she used to stay after her mother's death two years back. Mina was sure that \"Puja was murdered\".Puja's father, a hawker who lives in Kolkata's Tangra, also alleged that his daughter was murdered. \"My daughter could not swim and it's impossible that she should try to take a bath in the pond at that hour. She must have been abducted on her way home, murdered and her body dumped in the pond. I have demanded a proper inquiry into her death and immediate arrest of the culprits,\" he said.Police, however, said no injury mark was found on the body. \"After preliminary investigation we suspect she drowned in the pond. We are waiting for the post-mortem report to know the exact cause of death,\" said Sanjay Singh, commissioner of Barrackpore police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15446301", "title": "Ramzan celebration light up Jaipur's walled city", "text": "Jaipur: The deserted lanes and bylanes of Walled City come alive at dusk in the month of Ramzan. The day starts immediately after rozedars break their day-long fast at magrib azaan, following which a large number of people jostle for space at their favourite shopping places.During Ramzan the markets in Muslim stronghold are flooded with temporary shops on the pavement selling different accessories to be sported on Eid. Garments and accessories like embroidered white kurtas, pathani, skull caps, are put up for sale in these shops.This festive season is incomplete without the savouring of culinary delights. In fact, the Walled City has turned into a non-veg hub. The special 'nahari'and 'paya' which is available in Sehri is the most popular among the rozadars.Another delight is 'Haleem' (a soup prepared with mutton and pulses) attracts people from the other parts of the city as well. It is available only in the evening. Talking about its speciality, Mansoor Ali, who cooks Haleem everyday said, \"It is very nutritious. It helps rozedar to sustain energy till the Iftaar.\"The large number of burqa clad women can also be spotted shopping after dusk. They usually come down with their male counterparts to give a final touch to their Eid preparations. \"During day it becomes impossible to visit markets due to fast. We visit city in the night to purchase the household goods,\" said Nausheen Rizvi, a resident of Johari Bazaar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15448343", "title": "Taraka Ratna\u2019s turn to play a cop", "text": "Nandamuri Taraka Ratna will be seen as a powerful cop in this forthcoming movie directed by debutante Ponuganti Rajareddy. The action entertainer, which is has a student backdrop, is likely to go on floors in September 2012.Sources from the unit say that the movie will be wrapped up in two schedules and would be shot in the surrounding locations of Hyderabad. A popular heroine has been roped in for an item song in this untitled film, which will hit the screens in November. The film is produced by P L K Reddy and the remaining details of the cast and crew shall be announced soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15445157", "title": "London 2012 Olympics: Google's Rhythmic Gymnastics doodle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google, on Saturday, displayed its 16th doodle of its series of London Olympics 2012 doodle. The London 2012 Rhythmic Gymnastics is the latest doodle dedicated to rhythmic gymnastics, as the internet giant had shown rhythmic gymnastic doodles during the 2004 and 2008 Olympics.The London 2012 Rhythmic gymnastics doodle showcases a female athlete seen performing her skills and trying to create circles by manipulating a rope or ribbon.Rhythmic gymnastics is a thrilling sport in which atheles perform their skills of manipulation of apparatus and gymnastics, ballet, dance and other artistic effects. The apparatus includes ribbons, ropes, hoop, balls and clubs.The London 2012 Rhythmic gymnastics doodle is displayed in a hexagon shape.Moreover, the circles created by the athlete also forms the two letters 'O' of the Google logo.Google has been displaying fascinating and animated doodles to show its support and spirit towards the sporting extragavanza.The London Olympics 2012, officially the Games of the XXX Olympiadis, kicked off on 27 July, 2012 and will conclude on August 12, 2012.About 10,000 athletes from 204 countries are participating in the games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15443445", "title": "Metro work resumes at several sites after crane crash", "text": "The crane crash at a Chennai Metro Rail site which killed one and injured six others on Wednesday does not seem to have affected the spirit of the workers. On Friday, many resumed using heavy machinery at several sites. Cranes which were cleared for use after inspections were used at some of the sites on Anna Salai. \"We checked around 45% of the cranes as part of a safety drive that was kicked off after the accident. The rest of the machines will be checked in the coming days,\" said a senior CMRL official.A safety team of the general consultant for the project has completed the investigation into the cause of the crash and will submit a report on Saturday.\"Cranes which are crucial for ongoing works were inspected and certified first. This was done to prevent the checks from stalling work on the project which was going on in full swing when the accident happened,\" said an official. Those machines which were not involved in active work or were kept on standby will be inspected in the coming days.\"All steps are being taken to prevent the works from slowing down. Even as cranes were inspected, workers were engaged in manual exercises like threading the metal mesh for reinforcement, moving soil and other works,\" the official added.However, work at the Pachaiyyappa's College underground station where the accident occurred has been stopped and is expected to resume after the investigation report comes out.\"Stopping work for a few days will not affect the schedule because work has been assigned and planned by factoring in possible disruptions, including rain,\" sources in CMRL said.However, the contractor could suffer losses if the works are stalled for a long time. Following the accident, other contractors, too, have started to be cautious in handling machinery because they cannot afford to suffer losses caused by stalling of work or damage caused by accidents.Metro rail underground stations are coming up along Anna Salai and Poonamallee High Road. In most of the places, diaphragm walls are being constructed inside narrow trenches along the boundary of work sites. Soil will be excavated after the wall works are over.Body of worker killed in crash flown to KolkataThe body of Sindhu, the metro rail worker who was killed when the boom of a crane came crashing down at the Pachaiyappa's College underground station work site on Wednesday night, was flown to Kolkata on Friday morning. The agent who hired workers for the project from villages of West Bengal accompanied the body on the Jet Airways flight that left Chennai airport at 7am.\"The agent who brought the worker to Chennai will hand over the body to relatives. Larson and Toubro has borne the expense of transporting the body. Subcontractors supply workers from Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand , West Bengal and other states for metro rail contractors in Chennai,\" said an official.Meanwhile, three of the six workers who were injured in the accident are recovering at the government general hospital. Three were shifted to Apollo Hospitals. Of these, Immanuel underwent a spine surgery on Friday. Hospital sources said the surgery was performed by spine surgeon Dr Shajan Hegde. \"The patient is recovering well after the surgery,\" said one of the doctors.The victims suffered severe injuries because they got stuck under the metal reinforcement which came crashing down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15442993", "title": "Tracing Bengal\u2019s legacy of cartoons over 140 years", "text": "KOLKATA: When a cartoon appeared in a Bengali newspaper in 1872 making fun of how the British trained their Bengali bureaucrats, there was quite an uproar. This new art form excited contemporary artists so much that by 1874, two cartoon magazines started getting published from Bengal. They made fun of almost every accepted socio-political norm \u2014 be it the Calcutta Corporation, the police administration, the Brahmo Samaj or the Bengali babudom.Subhendu Dasgupta, who recently retired from the economics department of Calcutta University, has been researching on Bengali cartoons and has in his collection thousands of cartoons that were published over the last 140 years. A part of this collection has already been donated to the Centre for Studies in Social Sciences and another portion will soon be given away to Jadavpur University's media laboratory. The remaining collection of rare cartoons will soon be showcased in a special exhibition to be organized by the Victoria Memorial. Dasgupta has been working on his Bengali cartoon project under the aegis of the India Foundation for Arts, Bangalore.The British magazine of satire and humour, Punch, which started creating waves across the colonial world through the 1850s and 60s, is supposed to have inspired Bengali cartoons. However, Punch was replete with cartoons that made fun of Indians as an enslaved race. \"Naturally, Bengali cartoons were created to counter this. In 1874, when the two cartoon magazines \u2014 Harbola Bhar and Basantak \u2014 were published, they were popularly touted as the 'Indian Punch',\" Dasgupta said.Basantak was brought out by two scions of the Hatkhola Dutta family \u2014 Prananath Dutta and Girindranath Dutta. Take the case of one cartoon published in the 1870s. Here the chairman of the Calcutta Corporation, S S Hogg, who was also the city police commissioner, was likened to the varaha avaatar of Vishnu, thanks to his name. Till this time the cartoons were all made from woodcut blocks and were heavily inspired by the drawing style of Battala and Kalighat pats.The style was later modernized by Gaganendranath Tagore, whose cartoons came out from 1917 onwards in three books that he published \u2014 Naba Hullor, Adbhutlok and Birup Bajra. These were replete with satires against the class of Bengalis that went all out to imitate the British ways. Take this cartoon where Gaganendranath draws himself as the dhoti-clad bhadralok who is not allowed to enter a first-class railway compartment by another Bengali, dressed in European clothes and sporting a pipe. There's another one in which a Kalighat priest is seen \"selling aashirvaad\" and yet another cartoon where a Bengali gentleman in a hat and coat is called a hybrid Bengali.Pointing out to cartoons by Gaganendranath from his collection, Dasgupta said, \"You will notice how the cartoons of Gagan Tagore were markedly different from the ones that preceded him. He brought about a distinct modernity with his play of light and shade, depth and volume in his cartoons, something that is comparable with the trends that were popular in Europe then.\" This is not all. To give a professional edge to his cartoons, Gaganendranath started using the lithograph for printing them.Inspired by this trend of printing cartoons, magazines like Bharatbarsha, Mashik Basumati, Bharati, Manashi-O-Marmabani, Sachitro Shishir and Shonibarer Chithi were replete with cartoons that were a great hit with the readers of the times. Cartoonists like Jyotindra Mohan Sen, Satish Chandra Singha, Binoy Kumar Basu were stalwarts of the time.\"We were intrigued when we saw the collection of Bengali cartoons, right from the first days till the present times. You can gloss over the whole socio-political history of the city, from the mid-nineteenth century onwards, just by going through these cartoons. The added advantage of the collection is that Dasgupta has traced their evolution through the times and the exhibition is being designed in that order,\" said SV Raman, programmes consultant of Victoria Memorial.Artist Jogen Chowdhury sounded happy. \"This genre of drawing has not been highlighted enough, though they have been instrumental in creating political rhetorics for long. I am happy that an exhibition showcasing cartoons over the years is being organized. I am sure this will bring in a lot of visitors and generate awareness,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15442603", "title": "Strife in Syria continues despite month of peace", "text": "Ramzan is a month of piety and peace. But there are some Muslim nations that do not to bother about such beliefs and cannot put off their wars until the holy month of fasting and intense prayers are over. One such country is Syria from where reports of blood and gore are continuously pouring in. The situation is grim with no sign of peace in sight.The conflict is not simply about the regime change. It is a geo-political crisis with deep sectarian hues in which the entire world seemed to be involved but unable to resolve. Instead of helping the Arab Spring to continue with its sweep to bring about bloodless revolutions in many other dictatorships, it has been turned into something loathsome. It is no more spring. It is an unusual autumn with winds of misery blowing all around.The geo-political manipulations are reflected in the fact that even as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is preparing for what is dubbed as an emergency unity conference to be held in Mecca on August 14 and 15, Iran attempted to preempt it by organizing a conference in Tehran on August 9.The Tehran conference, in which about 25 countries including India took part, yielded no concrete results. But it did bring Iran to the centre stage as one of the main players without which peace may not come to Syria.Iran has also said that its president Md Ahmedinijad will be attending the summit conference in Mecca. Would he use the Mecca conference to attack once again all those trying to topple Bashar Al-Assad through what he believes is a US-led game? Or join hands with the Saudi-led group with the Organization of Islamic Cooperation? Iran clearly is not willing to give up its position of preeminence in Syria.According to some observers, while the uprising in Syria has a lot to do with the way Bashar Al-Assad or his father Hafiz Al-Assad have been ruling the country, it is also a fact that the Sunni countries in the region are worried about the growing clout of Shias. They see the unrest that rocked Bahrain some time back in that context and they also see Bashar Al-Assad's allegiance to Alavite sect of Shia Muslims in the same perspective.They believe that the Sunni regimes in the region are worried over the stirrings in the Shia populations that have noticeable presence in several countries including Bahrain, the Eastern province of Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Syria and Lebanon . They also believe that Iran is supporting the Shia Muslims. Joining in this Sunni-Shia power struggle is Turkey which, though Sunni, had hitherto kept itself away from the regional sectarian affiliations. The active interest of Turkey in the Syrian conflict ostensibly generates from its strife-ridden history with the Kurds who are found in Syria, Iran, Iraq besides Turkey.In the meantime, war rages in parts of Syria, especially in Aleppo, where hundreds of people including women and children are becoming victim of violence. UN representative Kofi Annan has failed and quit his six-month-old job and there is no significant effort from that international forum to douse the flames of war and violence in Syria.No well meaning, result-oriented policy is emerging from anywhere. In this scenario, the possibility of the summit meeting in Mecca failing becomes real. No one really seems to care about the general public in Syria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441795", "title": "27% of power goes waste: Moily", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around 27,000 mw of electricity, which could ensure uninterrupted power supply to Delhi for four days in peak summer, goes waste every day in India as the power sector records AT&C; losses at 27.15% of the power generated.Power minister M Veerappa Moily on Friday said his top priority was to reduce aggregate technical and commercial (AT&C;) losses to 12%, which if achieved would make available 15,000 mw for various sectors.\"If private distributors can reduce AT&C; losses to 7% in some cases, why cannot the government do it? Within three months, we will put a road map to achieve drastic reduction in AT&C; losses which will have multiple beneficial effects on the power scenario of the country,\" Moily told TOI in an interview.Assuming charge of the power portfolio immediately after the shock grid failures on consecutive days that plunged most parts of the country into darkness, Moily said, \"The priority is to maintain strict grid discipline and bring down the all-India average AT&C; losses to 10-12% level.\"All-India average AT&C; losses were pegged at 27.15% in 2009, in which southern region had an average of 19.49% and the north-eastern region 36.44%. Some states had loss levels as high as 70% and at the same time, some others had the loss average in single digit.To improve the power generation capacity, Moily said there were several power projects in states which were ready for commissioning but were held up for months due to minor environmental objections or other issues. \"In the next few week, I will strive to hold consultations with other ministries to clear these small issues so that the plants ready for commissioning can start generating electricity,\" the minister said.On simultaneous failures of northern, eastern and north-eastern grids, Moily said it happened because cash starved, loss making state-owned utilities preferred to overdraw power rather than contracting adequate power, thereby putting the grids at risk.He said, \"Another priority is to introduce stringent penalties for state governments and officers concerned for withdrawal of power beyond contracted quantities. If need be, related provisions in Electricity Act, 2003 could be amended.\"Power ministry documents noted that \"some of the states have not only been over-drawing power from the grid with impunity, they are also defaulting in payment of the unscheduled interchange charges which presently was to the tune of Rs 1,500 crore at the end of May with the biggest defaulters being Uttar Pradesh (Rs 842 crore), Jammu and Kashmir (Rs 498 crore), Punjab (Rs 81 crore) and Haryana (Rs 58 crore)\".Times ViewReduction of AT&C; losses in the power sector, or what were earlier called transmission and distribution losses, is a task that has not received sufficient attention so far. If more than a quarter of all power generated is lost in transit, or more likely stolen, it is the law-abiding, bill-paying consumer who is forced to bear the burden of this loss. It is good that the government is talking about drastically reducing this figure, but what counts is walking the talk. State governments must show political will and police forces must cooperate with power distributing agencies if this talk is to be translated into reality, and it must be.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441640", "title": "Poor accused must get free legal aid at all levels: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has ruled that free assistance must be provided to all poor accused, irrespective of the severity of the crime attributed to them, at every stage of the three-tier justice delivery system and could not be restricted to the trial stage only.\"We are of the opinion that neither the Constitution not the Legal Services Authority Act makes any distinction between a trial and an appeal for the purpose of providing free legal aid to an accused or person in custody,\" a bench of Justices A K Patnaik and Madan Lokur said.The bench ordered fresh hearing of appeal of one Rajoo, whose conviction in a gang rape case was upheld by the Madhya Pradesh High Court even though there was no legal assistance provided to the accused in the appeal stage. He had got free legal aid during the trial proceedings.Justice Lokur, writing the judgment for the bench, said when the Supreme Court Legal Services Committee provided assistance to eligible persons in the apex court, how could there be a bar on providing free legal aid to accused in the high courts.\"It is important to note that Section 12 and 13 of the Legal Services Authorities Act do not make any distinction between the trial stage and the appellate stage for providing legal services. In other words, an eligible person is entitled to legal services at any stage of the proceedings which he or she is prosecuting or defending,\" the bench said.It disagreed with earlier judgments which hinted at carving out exceptions for providing free legal assistance to accused facing trial in economic offences or offences against law prohibiting prostitution or child abuse.\"We have some reservation whether such exceptions can be carved out particularly keeping in mind the constitutional mandate and the universally accepted principle that a person is presumed innocent until proven guilty,\" the bench said.\"If such exceptions are accepted, there may be a tendency to add some more, such as in cases of terrorism, thereby diluting the constitutional mandate and fundamental right guaranteed under Article 21 of the Constitution,\" it said.The bench said it was obligatory for every court, from trial court to the Supreme Court, to inquire whether the accused or convict required legal representation at the government's expense so as not to deprive the person a \"fair trial or hearing\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441784", "title": "Girl gang-raped by 8 men, dumped near Agra highway", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 22-year-old woman employed with the Delhi Jal Board was allegedly gang-raped by an acquaintance and at least seven of his friends through Thursday night and dumped near the Ballabhgarh flyover on the Delhi-Agra highway. The victim managed to call the control room immediately and on the basis of the car number she recalled, a youth has been detained.The main accused, however, are still at large, triggering allegations by the victim's family that they were being protected due to their political connections in the region. A case has been registered under sections 376 G (rape), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 506 (criminal intimidation) at the sector 55 police station.According to the girl's complaint, the acquaintance, Inderjeet, had asked her to meet him to sort out a quarrel between him and his girlfriend. The victim said she knew Inderjeet's girlfriend from Ballabhgarh where she lived until recently and the latter had confided in her about her relationship. The victim has moved to Badarpur in Delhi since.\"On Thursday, Inderjeet called up the victim and asked her to mediate between him and her friend, saying they were facing problems in their relationship. The victim received the call at 8pm and she was asked to meet him near the Britannia factory close to Jharsaitali village. When the girl arrived at the spot, she found Inderjeet standing with his Santro along with several friends. They abducted the girl in the car,\" says the FIR, a copy of which is with TOI.The accused, Inderjeet, lives in Jharsaitali village, near sector 55.While Inderjeet and three of his friends - identified as Lukka, Navin and Santu - were in a Santro, the others followed in a Nano and a Skoda. The cars stopped at a barren field off the Agra-Delhi highway near Jharsaitali village and Inderjeet and his friends took turns raping her. The family alleged that she was raped in the moving car too. The FIR says the girl was made to gulp down alcohol as the ordeal continued well past midnight. Around 1.50am, the accused forced her into the Nano and dropped her near the Ballabhgarh flyover. The girl contacted the police control room at 1.55am.The police claimed they immediately set up police barricades across Faridabad based on the girl's description of the car. The victim could remember only the last digits of the Santro but remembered the Nano's registration number in full. \"We immediately located the Nano and have picked up a youth for questioning,\" said a senior police officer. There were allegations, though, that the police allowed media personnel to freely photograph the traumatized rape victim as she accompanied them to identify the vehicle.Police said the victim was medically examined and rape was confirmed. Officers said they would be taking the statements of the girl's friend soon.Police have been raiding several places in Ballabgarh, Faridabad and Delhi but have not been able to arrest any one of the key accused so far. The victim's family alleged that the youths had political clout in the region and were being protected. Top Faridabad police officials said as of Friday evening, five teams were on the lookout for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15441115", "title": "Government offers job to acid attack victim", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand government on Friday offered a permanent job to Sonali Mukherjee, who lost her vision in an acid attack in Dhanbad about 10 years ago. Chief minister Arjun Munda has asked the home secretary to treat it as a special case and prepare papers for her appointment within two days. The order was issued by Munda after Sonali met him at his residence in the afternoon.Officials in chief minister's secretariat said the government will offer her Class III job and work will be assigned in accordance with her abilities. \"I have asked the home secretary to complete all the formalities and submit the papers at the earliest,\" said Munda after talking to Sonali's for almost an hour.The chief minister even personally talked to the Dhanbad superintendent of police after he came to know about the threats she was receiving for the last few years. He asked the SP to personally supervise the investigation and ensure that Sonali gets proper security in wake of the threat calls. Sonali expressed her gratitude. \"I am happy that the chief minister has offered me a job as my family is passing through a bad phase. I hope things will start improving,\" she said Sonali.As a teenager, Sonali was allegedly sexually abused for years by three youths. When she refused to give in to the demands of her assailants, the trio attacked her with acid. After the attack she was left complete blind and partially deaf. Since 2003, Sonali and her father kept visiting hospitals for treatment and running from pillar to post seeking justice. In this process they have spent their entire life savings.Police sources said two of her attackers, Tapas Mitra and Sanjay Paswan, were released on bail six years ago. The third accused Brahmadev Hajra was let off as he was a juvenile at the time of crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai/thane", "code": "15442166", "title": "1 dies, 225 hurt in dahi handi revelry", "text": "MUMBAI/THANE: Gokulashtami revelry turned tragic late on Friday with the death of a 35-year-old man, Deepak Tupe, during the dahi handi celebrations in Panchpakhadi, Thane. Tupe had come to Thane with the Kurla-based Hanuman Krida Mandal.While doctors at Thane Civil Hospital were reluctant to confirm the cause of Tupe's death, organizers told TOI that he may have died of suffocation. More than 10,000 people were jostling for space at the dahi handi hosted by NCP's Jitendra Awhad.Till Friday evening, over 225 injured govindas were rushed to hospitals in the city.Though the number was higher that last year's 205, most had suffered minor injuries or fractures. There were a few of serious cases, though. A 22-year-old youth from Malad is critical in Bandra's Bhabha Hospital after he was electrocuted when he came in contact with an overhead cable wire. A 32-year-old man has suffered quadriplegia after falling from a human pyramid in Santa Cruz . Doctors at KEM Hospital, where he was taken, said the chances of him moving his limbs again were very less. All the other injured are stable and 37 were sent home by Friday evening.Two 9-year-old boys were among the youngest to be injured. Both Bhushan Raju Sharma and Sukarya Waghe have suffered fractures and are being treated at Jupiter Hospital and Kalwa Chhatrapati Shivaji Hospital, respectively.Dharavi resident Joseph Kole (42) had his ankle bone protruding out when several members from the upper levels of his pyramid fell on him. \"The sight of the protruding bone was scary. Doctors have said it will take a long time to heal,\" said a friend who rushed Kole to hospital. Nikesh Damedar (18) fell from the third tier of an eight-tier pyramid, sustaining a deep cut on the back of his head. Nikesh's friend who accompanied him to Sion Hospital said, \"Everyone was getting off the pyramid and there was no one behind Nikesh when he fell on his back.\" Nikesh is a Class 12 student of Acharya College, Chembur, and will now miss out on studies.It was not just participants who suffered injuries, some non-participants too were at the receiving end. Aniket Patil (14) collapsed after he received a shock while on the stage for a cultural programme during the dahi handi celebrations at Prabhadevi. \"He was climbing the staircase and suffered the shock when he touched the railing. We rushed him to hospital immediately,\" his uncle Sanjay Patil said. Aniket had to be administered saline at KEM Hospital. Though he regained consciousness, he has been kept under observation. Lamenting the injuries, Dr Pradeep Bhosale, head of orthopaedic department at KEM Hospital, said, \"We hope that people realize the importance of healthy lives over the fun of a few hours.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15443518", "title": "Beloved\u2019s murder prompted man to end life", "text": "INDORE: In a dramatic turn of event, the man who had committed suicide on Thursday left a suicide note in which he had clearly mentioned his relations with the woman who was found dead the same morning. Sanwer police station in charge U P S Chouhan said the police found a suicide note in which the deceased Rakesh Singh had claimed that he loved Savita and did not want to live anymore as she has been killed. He also wrote that he was taking the extreme step as police might suspect his role in the murder.Chouhan said both Savita and Ramesh had talked over phone before the murder and the suicide. They used to talk almost daily and more than 20 times a day.Regarding the murder, the police said they are investigating the case and will solve it soon.On Thursday, a woman Savita Singh, 23, wife of Vijay Singh, was found dead in the morning and another man Rakesh Singh, 26, son of Gopal Singh, had committed suicide in the afternoon. Both the deceased were the resident of same village. However, Savita married Vijay almost one and half years ago. She had come to celebrate Rakshabandhan at her parental home in Barodia Khan a few days ago. She was staying there since then.The police said that both were in relationship which continued even after Savita's marriage. Police are investigating the case to know about the accused and motive behind murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15441371", "title": "Soon, no frisking for HC lawyers", "text": "MUMBAI: Lawyers coming to the Bombay high court may no longer need to undergo body frisking. The HC is now planning to instal a system of bio-access control at the entrance gates. Lawyers who have completed five years of practice will be eligible to apply for the special ID cards.\"The system will obviate the need for physical frisking at the entrance of the high court building,\" a notice issued by registrar general S B Shukre said. Security measures, including metal detectors, x-ray scanners and CCTV cameras, were installed at the HC following the 26/11 terror attacks.Advocate Uday Warunjikar, member of the Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa, while welcoming the move, feels that it may create two sets of lawyers\u2014one with ID cards and the other without.\"What about lawyers who come from other cities or those who practise in other courts?\" asked Warunjikar. \"The ID cards should be issued to all lawyers. Lawyers, the Bar Council and the various associations must be taken into confidence before implementing the new rules,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15442653", "title": "Food and Drug Administration to inspect malls over sale of food items", "text": "NASHIK: As part of its drive to monitor transaction of food items as prescribed under the Food Safety and Standards Act, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is planning to launch an inspection drive at the malls in the city from next week.Chandtrakant Pawar, Joint commissioner, Nashik division, FDA, said, \"We are planning to launch an inspection drive at malls across Nashik. The objective is to ensure that consumers are getting quality foods with good packaging.\" There are six-seven super markets and malls across the city.\"We will check the quality and standard of foods sold at these places. Besides, various offers are given at the malls to attract consumers such as buy-one- get-one schemes are also offered. We want to also check how such schemes are affordable to vendors and want to ensure they are not compromising on the quality of food being sold. We will also check weight, date of manufacturing and packaging and expiry dates on packaged foods,\" Pawar said.\"Since the festive season has begun, some food items like khava and rava are sold in large quantities during this time of year.We are therfore also planning to launch a drive to inspect all food related businesses shortly. This drive will continue until the end of the festive season in December. The drive is also a part of a slew of measures to ensure the sale of hygienically prepared foods consumers. This drive will be launched across Nashik division, which includes five districts- Nashik, Ahmednagar, Jalgaon, Dhule and Nandurbar,\" Pawar said.He added that as part of the run-up to the next Kumbh mela, the FDA would also start inspecting city hotels to ensure visiting devotees get quality of food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "ram nagar", "code": "15443660", "title": "Mehfooz\u2019s clan feasts on \u2018keema\u2019, \u2018korma\u2019", "text": "RAM NAGAR: The 11 members of Dr Mehfooz Khan's family have made it a routine to gather at home for iftaar every evening. The owner of two garment factories, Khan and his brother Nazaquat Khan live in a joint family and make it a point to gather the entire family for iftaar during Ramzan.Khan, who migrated to Ludhiana from Rampur in Uttar Pradesh 40 years ago, says his family includes wife Shagufta, daughters Aaliya (Class IX student), Saniya (Class VIII), Ifra (Pre-nursery) and son Muhammad Annas (Class V). All his children study at the DAV School, BRS Nagar.\"My brother's family includes his wife Rana Begum, daughters Farah (MA student), Azra (post-graduate in fashion designing), sons Salman (BCA student) and Sohail (Class XII). Except Ifra, who is too young to fast, all the members in our family observe 'roza' throughout the month of Ramzan,\" says Khan.He adds, \"We break our fast with dates and have a 'sherbet' made of Roohafza and milk to quench the day's thirst. The menu for iftaar includes varieties of fruits and snacks like 'pakodas' and 'dahi phulki'.\"The family offers evening prayers after iftaar in unison and sits together for dinner.Talking about the dinner menu, Shagufta says the aroma of delicious non-veg emanates from her kitchen almost every day of Ramzan, but she also cooks vegetables like lady finger, brinjal and green leaves for dinner. \"The non-veg dishes include 'keema', chicken 'korma', mutton 'korma' and 'biryani'. The mutton 'biryani' I cook is a special one as made in Rampur. It is more spicy with lot of green chillies and lemon,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15446076", "title": "CM reviews elevated railway proposal", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has decided to push for the Oval Maidan (Chiurchgate) to Virar elevated railway project with the Prime Minister and the Planning Commission.A presentation on the proposed 60 km long railway route estimated to cost Rs 17,836 crore was made before Chavan at the Sahyadri state guest house on Friday. The presentation was made by Western Railway general manager Mahesh Kumar.The proposed railway corridor will have 26 stations of which five will be underground, 11 elevated and two will be overground.The railways plan to run 15-coach trains on this route. Along with the Western Railway, other authorities involved in the planning of the route include BEST, MTNL, Tata Power, Reliance, the State Electricity Board, BMC, Mahanagar Gas Limited and GAIL .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15434771", "title": "Pak N.O.C. for 'Ek Tha Tiger'", "text": "Ek Tha Tiger has got a No Objection Certificate for its print to be taken to Pakistan for viewing by the Pak Censor Board.The Pakistan CBFC saw its trailer last week and gave an NOC to import the print. Mohammad Ashraf Gondal, vice chairman of the CBFC, told us, \"A few board members watched the trailer. Filhaal single opinion nahi hai . CBFC chairman Shahnawaz Noon will submit a final approval report after watching the whole film.\"Sheikh Amjad Rasheed from IMGC Global Entertainment , the distributor of the film in Pakistan, said, \"They have asked for the print by August 12. On August 13, the final content will be watched and a decision taken. But hopefully, Eid tak Pakistan ke theatres mein film lag jaayegi. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15443955", "title": "Swatika stuns top seed Riya to enter quarters", "text": "NAGPUR: Promising city shuttler Swatika Butey shocked top seed and current junior India team player Riya Pillai to storm into the U-19 girls singles quarterfinals of the first Maharashtra Junior (U-17 and U-19) State Selection Badminton tournament being played at Nashik on Friday.Swatika, a Standard X student of BVM, Civil Lines, came up with a sterling performance to upset Riya of Mumbai Suburban 21-15, 21-19 in the pre-quarterfinals.It was perhaps the best win of Swatika's career so far. Riya has been in very good form and recently had beaten state champion Anuradha Shrikhande in Mumbai's senior state selection tournament.Second seed Rasika Raje of Nagpur overcame stiff challenge from her citymate Vaishnavi Bhale to enter last 8. Swatika and her practice partner Vaishnavi Bhale thumped Vibhuti Agarwal and Sai Pitre 21-19, 21-19 to enter the U-17 girls doubles semifinals.Vaibhav Bisne defeated A Kumbhar of Pune 21-16, 14-21, 21-5 to book his place in the U-17 singles last eight. The city shuttler along with his Kolhapur partner Sarang Deshpande also made it to the U-17 boys doubles semis.In the U-19 boys singles, Manan Goenka thrashed Pune's N Gajendragadkar 21-11, 21-12 to enter pre-quarters.Important Results:U-19 girls (pre-quarters): Swatika Butey (Nag) bt 1-Riya Pillai (MS) 21-15, 21-19; 2-Rasika Raje (Nag) bt Vaishnavi Bhale (Nag) 22-20, 21-10.U-17 girls singles (quarters): 3-Revati Deosthali (PDMBA) bt Mrunmayi Saoji (Nag) 21-19, 19-21, 21-10; 2-Karishma Wadkar (MS) bt Rujuta Bhagwat (Nag) 21-15, 21-16.U-17 girls doubles (quarterfinals): Vaishnavi Bhale-Swatika Butey (Nag) bt Vibhuti Agarwal (MS)-Sai Pitre (Thane) 21-19, 21-19; Revati Deosthali (PDMBA)-Vaishnavi Iyer (GM) bt Asavari Albal-Bhakti Dahasahasra (Nag) 21-16, 21-13.U-17 boys singles (pre-quarterfinals): Vaibhav Bisne (Nag) bt A Kumbhar (Pune) 21-16, 14-21, 21-5.U-19 boys singles (Round of 32): Manan Goenka (Nag) bt N Gajendragadkar (Pune) 21-11, 21-12; Sushrut Karmarkar (MS) bt Gaurav Rege (Nag) 21-6, 21-8.U-17 boys doubles (quarterfinals): Vaibhav Bisne (Nag)-Sarang Deshpande (Kol) bt Nihar Kelkar (Thane)-Pauras Kulkarni (Kol) 21-14, 21-16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15443418", "title": "Bin shortage raises a stink in new areas of corporation", "text": "COIMBATORE: Heaps of garbage dumped along the roadside have become a daily sight for residents, especially in suburbs that have been recently added to the city municipal corporation almost a year ago.The reason for this pathetic situation is simple: the limits of the corporations got expanded from 105 sq km to 257 sq km but the civic body could not procure enough garbage bins to meet the needs of the new areas. As of now, just about 150 garbage bins have been placed in the extended areas while the requirement to ensure proper collection of waste materials is over 2,000.\"We have already floated tender for procuring more bins for the added areas of the corporation alone. More will be procured later. We are also trying our best to streamline waste collection and disposal in the suburbs,\" said T K Ponnusamy, commissioner, Coimbatore Municipal Corporation.Corporation officials also confirmed that they have floated tenders for procuring 750 garbage collection bins which are expected to be handed over to the civic body within the next fortnight. A proposal to float tenders for additional 1,300 garbage bins for the added areas have been prepared and despatched to Chennai and a green signal from the government is awaited at the moment. The total waste generated from added areas daily is estimated to be about 200 tonnes.Residents and the newly elected councillors from the added areas have started to raise the issue at corporation council meetings and various other grievance forums. They point out that garbage strewn around has wreaked havoc in their neighbourhood. After rain, the garbage becomes slushy, blocks passage of rain water and, often, the slush flows into residential plots and flats.The roads leading to Sriram Nagar, Indira Nagar, Chettipalayam main road and nearby localities are some of the worst affected in Kurichi. It is a similar situation in Thudiyalur especially near the market where there is not even a single garbage bin to collect the garbage and waste, which accumulate in the market on every Monday and the entire area will be strewn with it.\"Some of the village panchayats and other local bodies outside the area annexed by the corporation in Thudiyalur are providing at least temporary garbage bins but garbage disposal is a major issue in areas included inside the corporation limits,\" said S Kandhasamy, a resident near Thudiyalur main market.Adds S Mohan, a resident of Kurichi: \"The shortage of garbage bins is pretty obvious as we could spot heaps of garbage dumped along the roadside and that too is left uncollected due to shortage of conservancy workers.\"It is a similar situation in most areas of Kuniamuthur, Veerakeralam, Vadavalli, Kavundampalayam, Vellakinar, Saravanampatti, Chinnavedampatti and Kalapatti, which were brought under the city corporation limits. The corporation has around 42 vehicles involved in garbage collection from the added areas and around 177 vehicles catering to the old 72 wards, which was reorganised to form 60 wards out of the total 100 wards in the expanded corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "15443395", "title": "Cold storage plant will aid horticulture farmers", "text": "SHIMOGA: The long pending demand of fruit and flower growers in the district for a cold storage unit has finally been approved by the state government.A huge cold storage facility at an estimated cost of Rs 5 crore will come up on 8.33 acres of land granted by district administration at Urgadur village six kilometres from Shimoga. The facility will be managed by the horticulture department.The facility, to be funded by both the Centre and state governments, will provide space for storage, packing and grading of fruits. Once the construction of this facility is complete, it will protect the growers from the losses they suffered due to the lack of cold storage.Every year, more than 750 to 800 tonnes of ripe fruit and flower would rot due to the lack of storage. The Centre is keen on promoting floriculture in the district, said M Viswanath, deputy director of horticulture department. A large number of farmers, particularly women, have evinced interest in cultivating traditional and cut flowers. The new storage facility will help promote export quality graded flowers and fruits, he added.Fruits such as banana, sapota, mango and pineapple grown on thousands of hectares in the district can now be preserved for longer without any concerns. The grading system available in the proposed unit will also help growers separate high quality products for export purposes.With government support, many women have started growing export quality flowers in the district. Asha Sheshadri, an enterprising farmer of Kanangi village in Theerthahlli taluk, is the first lady in the district to develop rare flowers using green house technology. She has won several national and international awards for cultivating anthurium, orchids and other rare varieties of export quality flowers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15441890", "title": "Kudankulam nuclear power plant gets nod for loading fuel", "text": "CHENNAI: The Kudankulam nuclear power plant is likely become operational by month-end with the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) giving its approval for loading fuel in the 1,000MW first unit. The green signal for loading fuel, the last step before the reactor starts producing power, came after a meeting of the regulatory board on Thursday evening.\"The board in principle gave its clearance for loading fuel after reviewing the progress of Unit 1. An official communication is being sent to the Nuclear Power Corporation Limited (NPCIL) and the plant authorities in this regard,\" AERB chairman S S Bajaj told TOI. Once the first of the two 1,000MW units becomes operational, Tamil Nadu will get around 450MW and the rest will be shared between Kerala, Puducherry and the central grid.Fuel loading is likely to begin in another 10 days and power production by the end of this month, said an NPCIL official. \"The fuel assemblies are ready, which are open to inspections by officials of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). Fuel loading will happen in the presence of IAEA officials,\" the official said. Russia, which has provided the two VVER-type reactors, has also provided the fuel to last till the lifetime of the reactors (35 years).The meeting of the board and NPCIL officials started on Monday. An AERB press release said the clearance for loading fuel is the culmination of a detailed review of the documents submitted by the NPCIL. The next stage is obtaining clearance for phase-wise increase in reactor power level, and this will be granted after multi-tier safety review, the release said.The first step in the process of loading fuel is to replace the parts of the reactor vessel which was opened for inspection soon after work at the plant resumed in March. The work had come to a halt due to protests by anti-nuclear activists and villagers. The vessel of Unit 1, which is the heart of the reactor, can hold 163 fuel assemblies, each 4.57 metres long and comprising fuel bundles.Peoples' Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE), which is spearheading the protests, condemned the AERB's decision as \"authoritarian and illegal\". In a press statement, PMANE convenor S P Udayakumar said that since the Madras high court's judgment on a batch of petitions challenging the legality of the environmental clearance granted for the project was awaited, the decision amounts to contempt of court and outright insult of the rule of law. \"It is a gross violation of AERB's commitment to the court and against the sentiments of the locals,\" he said.The original agreement for setting up the nuclear plant was signed in 1988 by then Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi and USSR President Mikhail Gorbachev, but another agreement was signed after the breakup of the Soviet Union in 1998 and the foundation for the plant was laid in 2001. But due to protests and objections by many stakeholders, the operation of the plant was delayed and deadline for its commissioning was postponed several times. The work on the second reactor is progressing fast and it is expected to go critical in March 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15448587", "title": "Jada Pinkett Smith rubbishes divorce rumours", "text": "Jada Pinkett Smith has shot down reports that and husband Will Smith are heading for a split, insisting that she can't even fathom divorce since her husband is \"like another part of me\".The actress, who married the 'Men In Black' star in December 1997, has denied a new round of rumours suggesting her relationship is falling apart and she's hoping to silence the gossip once and for all by pledging her devotion to her partner.\"It's rumoured that we're getting a divorce. But no. We're not getting a divorce. Where am I going to go? That's my boo. It's like he's another part of me,\" the Daily Express quoted her as telling America's Essence magazine.The Hollywood couple has two children, musicians/actors Willow and Jaden, while Smith is also father to a son, Trey, from a previous relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15443101", "title": "Pedigree dogs being stolen in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: If you have expensive dogs at home, don't let them out onto the road and ensure they're safely locked up when you go out.Increasing incidence of pet thefts, particularly expensive breeds of dogs, over the past few days are giving their owners a tough time.Recently, Dobermans, Labradors and German Shepherds have been stolen in many areas. From puppies to 2-year-olds, thieves are stealing pedigree dogs by luring them away with biscuits.\"I bought a Doberman for Rs 10000 and groomed it for six months, but when we went out of town, it was stolen.\"We also bought a German Shepherd for Rs 8000 but it too was stolen after three months. We're very worried about our pets,\" said Krishna Pawar, a businessman from Rajdhani Colony.Sources said a gang of thieves has been targeting nuclear families in which both persons go to work and their children are at school or college through the day.Thefts have been reported from Daneshwari Colony, Netaji Colony, Keshvapur, Vidyanagar, Deshpandenagar, Vijaynagar and Gayatri Colony.In the past week, six Labradors were stolen in Daneshwari Colony, three Dobermans from Keshwapur and two German Shepherds from Vijaynagar.As pet owners are not filing written complaints about their missing pets, police are finding it difficult to track the exact number of stolen dogs.But they confirm that theft of expensive dogs is on the rise.\"I raised a Labrador for a few months, but was shocked when it was stolen when there was nobody at home on a Sunday. Many people in and around our area have lost their pets,\" said Anand Barikayi, civil engineer who notified the police about it.N I Firjade, ASI, Keshvapur, said many residents told police about their pets stolen from the area.\"We've already beefed up security to nab these thieves,\" she said.She added that German Shepherds, Labradors and Dobermans are available for a price between Rs 8000 and Rs 25000, but thieves may sell them for less.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15447533", "title": "Charulatha publicity not at par", "text": "In another two weeks, Dwarakish's presentation 'Charulatha' will be hitting the screens, but the necessary promos and audio has not yet been released yet. The film's Tamil and Telugu versions are also releasing on the same day.Charulatha has Priyamani doing two characters of Siamese twins and the film is being directed by Pon Kumar who showed lot of promise through his first directorial venture Vishnuvardhana a hugely successful film. But unfortunately his second film suffered because of lack of publicity. Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15442840", "title": "If Shivpal is found to be guilty of what he is being accused of, he must go", "text": "The remarks attributed to Shivpal Yadav, if they are indeed correct and not taken out of context or twisted, are extremely shocking. Yadav and his party should remember what brought them to power in such emphatic fashion in the assembly elections earlier this year. It was the perception that the earlier regime was corrupt and arrogant that helped the SP ride a wave of revulsion. Akhilesh Yadav's government must now show that it has learnt lessons from the previous regime's downfall and will give the state a cleaner, more responsible and responsive administration. So far, they have given the sceptics enough reason to feel vindicated. That must change, the sooner the better. If Shivpal is found to be guilty of what he is being accused of, he must go.Related story : It's OK to steal a little, Mulayam's brother tells babus", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15446387", "title": "Under the Radar with Sukhdev", "text": "Once again the dynamic duo of Sukhdev Darapuria and E=MC return after the success of the FAUJ movement, with Darapuria's solo album. This album offers a wide variety of sounds and lyrics, displaying the talent of the duo. Finally Sukhdev has been given the chance to exhibit his versatile styles of singing.One of the most dedicated and motivated vocalist that the game has to offer, Sukhdev Singh Darapuria. For the past 20 years, Sukhdev has performed worldwide, released tracks on various albums, talented at singing folk boliyan, performing traditional bhangra and a new fusion mix of bhangra and hip-hop. Sukhdev has never been given the credit he deserves until his smash hit 'Azaadi', produced by Toronto's very own E=MC. That is when many began to say that Darapuria was the one to lead North America to the forefront of the Punjabi music industry. Darapuria slowly began to work on his next album which will be releasing very soon, once again with E=MC.Working with UK Asian music award winner E=MC has helped Sukhdev attract the new generation of bhangra music lovers. E=MC, known for many hit tracks one right after the other, such as 'Tere Mere', 'Gal Sunja', 'Mahi ve Mahi' and of course the song that put this Canadian producer on the map, 'Desi Fly Chick'. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15443034", "title": "Tomin Thachankary catches the eye at NIA meet", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: He seemed to be the odd man in the group. The presence of civil rights protection IG Tomin Thachankary in the regional conference of NIA held here on Friday stunned many. Though Thachankary could attend the conference in his official capacity, the fact that he had been under the scanner of NIA till recently for suspected terror links raised many an eyebrow.A departmental action was initiated against Thachankary following a finding by the NIA probe that he had met persons with criminal background during his trip to Qatar in 2010. Though he was suspended and later reinstated, a departmental inquiry against him is still pending.DGP Jacob Punnoose said international probes needed to be carried out to unearth the role of some persons or organizations who inspire and indoctrinate people and lure them to terrorism. NIA additional director general N R Wasan promised to share the data on terrorists available with the agency with anti-terrorist cells functioning in all states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15442373", "title": "Govt likely to take over granite quarrying in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu cabinet is likely to meet early next week to decide on taking over granite quarrying operations in the state. On Friday, chief minister J Jayalalithaa chaired a review meeting to deliberate upon suggestions that the government exercise control over granite quarrying on the lines of its takeover of sand mining, sources told TOI.Finance minister O Pannerselvam, electricity minister Natham Viswanathan, industry minister P Thangamani and senior officials attended the hour-long meeting at the state secretariat. Among the officials present at the meeting were chief secretary Debendranath Sarangi and director general of police K Ramanujam.Friday's meeting comes against the backdrop of a report by former Madurai collector U Sagayam that illegal quarrying in the district had caused a loss of more than 16,000 crore to the state exchequer. A crackdown was ordered by his successor Anshul Mishra and in the last three days, many units have been raided and sealed. So far, at least 23 employees of granite quarrying companies have been arrested.In the report sent to state industries secretary on May 19, days before he was transferred from Madurai, Sagayam said the loss pertained to illegal quarrying at Keelavalavu, Keelayur, E Malampatti and Semminipatti villages in the district. Sagayam's report said during an inspection of three quarries on April 3 this year, more than 4,000 cubic metres of granite was found to have been mined illegally.Cases have been registered against owners of granite firms, including DMK leader and Union fertilizer minister M K Alagiri's son Durai Dayanidhi and his partner, for alleged illegal quarrying. More than 175 firms have come under the scanner. A joint team of revenue and police officials on Thursday raided and sealed the premises of PRP Granites Exports, a leading company involved in the blue metal business in Melur near Madurai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "panaji/mapusa/bicholim", "code": "15441978", "title": "Heavy downpour affects normal life", "text": "PANAJI/MAPUSA/BICHOLIM: Heavy rains in several parts of the state on Friday affected normal life due to flooding, uprooting of trees and causing traffic jams.The monsoon became active again on Friday evening, taking the seasonal total past the 80-inch mark.In South Goa, fire fighters were on their toes throughout Friday, but no casualties were reported till late Friday.In Mapusa, torrential rains caused hardships to vendors, traders and buyers at the busy Friday weekly market. There was heavy waterlogging inside the market areas and traders and vendors were seen busy shifting their goods to safer places. The market which remains open till late Friday evening, wore a deserted look due to the sudden heavy downpour.The Mapusa bus stand too was inundated due to the rains. For the commuters, it was difficult to walk on the roads as the drains were overflowing and mud running onto the roads. Minor accidents were also reported.Bicholim deputy collector Narayan Gad visited the Anjunem dam on Friday and instructed the authorities there to be on the alert for release of water. He told authorities to keep people informed on the release of water as the dam was nearing its full capacity.Anjunem dam executive engineer M K Hudedgaddi said that he has informed panchayats and departments nearby about the water level.Assistant engineer M V Radhakrishnan said that the water level of the dam has reached around 90.75m and that the water level is within manageable limits as the full capacity is around 93.27 m.Sanquelim MLA Pramod Sawant has told the disaster management officials to keep a close watch on the situation as there is a possibility of flooding in the Sanquelim area. The WRD had spent around Rs 10 crore in flood precautionary measures.The meteorological centre at Altinho has predicted heavy rainfall in isolated places in the state. Fishermen have been warned not to venture out into the sea as conditions will be rough. The wind is likely to be westerly or southwesterly with speeds of 45-50 kms per hour, reaching 60 kms per hour in gusts, said the a source at the meteorological centre.\"An offshore trough between Maharashtra and Kerala coast is active,\" K V Singh, director of meteorological centre, Altinho said.For some traditional fishermen, the season begins on Friday as the feast of St Lawrence was celebrated in Sinquerim and other places. The Met centre has recorded more than 2000mm of rainfall till Friday evening. \"The cloud cover as seen from satellite images is heavy and it will yield heavy rainfall during next 24 hours,\" Singh said.The Met centre has predicted occasional spells of rain or thundershowers for the city and its suburbs.Quepem has recorded the highest amount of rainfall of 10 cms, Valpoi 6 cms, Sanguem 5 cms, Ponda, Pernem, Canacona and Margao 4cms each Mapusa and Mormugao 3cms each and Panaji 2cms during the last 24 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15446859", "title": "Transliteration software now available for Konkani", "text": "MANGALORE: The solution to the Konkani script issue is just a click away. Thanks to the technological initiative of World Konkani Centre, Mangalore, people can transliterate any Konkani text from source script to a script of their choice. Dubbed the Konkanverter, this software programme is an automatic script converter and has been developed by the research wing of the centre under the leadership of TV Mohandas Pai. This software will be launched here on Saturday.World Konkani Centre believes that the software, result of two years of work, will help resolve a major conflict between the different sections of Konkani-speaking community. Konkanverter is an online, free to use, automatic script converter for Konkani language. It will help Konkani writers reach out to a readership base almost four times larger than the present one.Some adapted applications of the software can be immense. It can be made functional in every Konkani language website. It can also be used for offline purposes such as publishing. Konkani literature in the form of e-books with such conversion facility will benefit for its wide reach and readership. Research scholars will benefit as they will not be handicapped because of many scripts.The project team is headed by Gurudath Bantwalkar, assistant director, World Institute of Konkani Language, with Konkani language experts like Melwyn Rodrigues, Gokuldas Prabhu, Tanaji Halarnkar, Rocky Miranda, Damodar Ghanekar and technical experts like Hariprasad Nadig of Sampada.net as advisors.One language, 5 scriptsFor many historical and socio-cultural reasons, Konkani people have been using five different scripts (Devnagari, Romi, Kannada, Malayalam and Perso-Arabic) to write in Konkani Language. Due to this, Konkani Literature has been divided into several script groups and not intelligible in entirety to every Konkani person. This situation has become an obstacle to a free-flow of Konkani literature and has created a rift between script communities in some domains like teaching Konkani in school and selection for awards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15442714", "title": "2-day diabetes exhibition in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Diabetes 2012, a diabetes awareness exhibition organised by Dr Mohan's Diabetes Specialities Centre was inaugurated by mayor V V Rajan Chellappa at the Lakshmi Sundaram Hall in Tallakulam on Friday.This is the first time such a diabetes exhibition is being held in Madurai, after it was conducted five times in Chennai and once in Hyderabad. The expo, to be held on Saturday and Sunday, features more than 30 theme stalls to educate public on diabetes-related issues through models, posters, charts and photographs. Besides, the expo would have video and audio programmes on diabetes, computer-aided programmes to calculate one's risk of developing diabetes, yoga demonstrations and aerobics for health, body fat measurement and quiz programmes on diabetes.Several cultural programmes like puppet show, 'villupattu, koothupattarai' and 'pattimandram' are also part of the exhibition.Blood sugar testing meters and strips, special diabetic footwear, insulin pens and pumps, books and other diabetes related educational materials would also be sold at the venue in addition to sugar-free products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15442971", "title": "Election commission closes in on education minister Kolusu Parthasarathi", "text": "HYDERABAD: Spelling more trouble for school education minister Kolusu Parthasarathi, election officials are all set to book him for not declaring in his 2004 and 2009 election affidavits that a criminal case was pending against him. The minister was recently convicted by an economic offences court under the Foreign Exchange Regulation Act (FERA) and sentenced to two months simple imprisonment and a fine. The sentence was put on hold allowing the minister to go for an appeal in a higher court.If found guilty of filing false information in his election affidavits, Parthasarathi can be booked under section 125 (A) of the Representation of People Act that would invite a jail term of six months or penalty or both. Parthasarthy was elected MLA from Penamaluru constituency in Krishna district.Soon after his conviction under FERA, former IAS officer and now activist E A S Sarma filed a complaint with the Election Commission that Parthasarathi had concealed the information that a criminal case was pending against him in his election affidavits. According to sources, Krishna district revenue authorities verified the election affidavit of Parthasarathi during the last two days- following a directive from the EC- and concluded that the minister did not mention the case pending against him.AP's chief electoral officer K Bhanwarlal had annonuced that a case under section 125A would be slapped against the minister if found that there was no mention of pending cases in the affidavit. \"Based on a complaint filed with us, I had asked the concerned returning officer to look into the issue. He is studying the case. Further action would depend on the findings,\" Bhanwarlal told TOI on Friday.But sources told TOI that Vijayawada revenue divisional officer ( RDO) S Venkata Rao has already submitted a detailed report to Krishna district collector Buddha Prakash M Jyothi in which he confirmed the charges against the minister.As per the Act, a candidate who himself or through his proposer, with intent to be elected in an election,-(i) fails to furnish information relating to sub-section (1) of section 33A; or (ii) gives false information which he knows or has reason to believe to be false; or (iii) conceals any information, in his nomination paper delivered under sub-section (1) of section 33, or in his affidavit which is required to be delivered under sub-section (2) of section 33A, as the case may be, shall, notwithstanding anything contained in any other law for the time being in force, be punishable with imprisonment for a term which may extend to six months, or with fine, or with both.\"Soon after his conviction by the economic offences court, the opposition had demanded that Parthasarathi be dropped from the Kiran cabinet. The demand is likely to be renewed now in view of the latest development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15445562", "title": "Shatrughan Sinha to finally go home on Sunday", "text": "After a month and ten days in hospital Shatrughan Sinha is finally going home tom. In fact he would have been home on Friday.But the Janmashthami festivities on the streets of Mumbai kept Shatruji's travel plans back home on hold.A disappointment for Shatruji's best friend producer Pahlaj Nihalani who had made grand welcome-home plans for the now- fit-and-fine actor-politician.Says Pahlaj, \"Yes, he's coming home on Sunday.We are very excited to see him come home again. With Shatru I go back a long way. In an industry driven only by self interest our friendship has lasted for 35 years.It didn't matter whether we work together or not, we remained friends even when we were not working together.\"For his latest film Avatar Pahlaj Nihalani has decided to get his buddy to do a voiceover , something that Shatrughan Sinha in spite of his famous baritone has never done. Says Pahlaj emotionally, \"I can't imagine making a film without Shatru being a part of it. I've something in mind for him in Avatar . It's something he has never done before. But first, let's get him home and give him time to get back to his normal routine.\"Adds Shatrughan Sinha's wife Punam Sinha, \"We were taking him home on Friday. But because of the crowded roads for Janmasthami we decided to stay back.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15444962", "title": "Rani Mukerji's tantrums cost Rs 10 lakhs", "text": "Rani Mukerji is leaving no stone unturned to make her next film appearance 'perfect'.Apparently the actress has been keeping a close eye on every detail of the film Aiyya - even when it comes to her makeup and hair. And recently, while shooting for a special song in the film at YRF Studios, Andheri, the actress unleashed her perfectionist avatar. So much so, that it cost the film's co-producers Anurag Kashyap and Viacom 18 a whopping Rs 10 lakh just for the hair and makeup fees.TOI found out that Rani wasn't too happy with the initial look and got it changed several times before she felt it was 'perfect'. When we asked Subbu, Rani's makeup artist for details, he said, \"Rani's look in the song had to have a Middle Eastern touch. We used lots of bronze shades and smoky eyes. We changed it around four or five odd times till the look matched Rani's expectations.\"Explaining the several looks he tried on the actress, Subbu added, \"We tried nude eyes with a bright mouth. Then we also tried having smoky eyes with a nude face. So on and so forth, till we achieved the perfect look. Rani clearly knows what she wants and does not settle for anything less.\"Anu Kaushik, the actress' hairstylist for the song revealed that a lot of research had gone into the look even before the day of shooting. \"We sat down with Rani and Neeta (Lulla, who had designed the outfits for the song) to plan the look. But on the day of the shoot, we were still a bit unsure of certain things. Rani wanted to look perfect and thus we did change the hair and makeup eight to ten times before we got what we wanted,\" said Anu. Both Subbu and Anu refrained from discussing monies.A source close to the film however told us, \"Several look changes hiked the budget. The makeup and hair bill for the song added up to nearly Rs 10 lakh.\" Anurag and Rani remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15443809", "title": "Raina, Chawla get Test lifeline against New Zealand", "text": "MUMBAI: The present national selection committee's term ends this September and in what was their last meeting in Mumbai on Friday, to select the Test team for a home series against New Zealand and the World T20 in Sri Lanka, brought much surprise.Suresh Raina, who did not tour Australia in 2011-12 for the Test series returns for the home series against New Zealand.Yuvraj Singh returns to play the two T20 internationals against New Zealand and the World T20 in Sri Lanka later this year.The talented Cheteshwar Pujara, who is now back in the Test team, is fit and looking forward to a fresh start. Accompanying him in the middle-order are Virat Kohli and Ajinkya Rahane, who have been in good form.Surprisingly, Mumbai opener Rahane finds a mention in the Test squad but despite his efforts in the shortest format in the IPL this year, he's been kept away from the World T20 team.Rahane was the fourth highest scorer in IPL 2012 with a century and three half centuries to his credit, earning the praise of none other than Rahul Dravid for his form and consistency.Instead of Rahane, the selectors settled for Manoj Tiwary, who had a comparatively duller outing this IPL, but picked up four wickets in an ODI game against Sri Lanka with his loopy leg-spinners.Rahane, it should be added here, has played consistently as an opener, but has also batted comfortably down the order. With no room at the top - Sehwag and Gambhir joining forces - it seems the selectors settled for Tiwary only to ensure a regular middle-order batsman.Rahul Sharma, the leg-spinner who got embroiled in the Juhu rave party controversy, has been dropped and instead, Uttar Pradesh leggie Piyush Chawla, who had a poor outing in the 2011 World Cup has been picked in both formats.Sharma was part of the one-day team that returned from Sri Lanka, but only got one match. Neither BCCI nor selectors have clarified yet if he's been dropped because of the on-going police investigations in the rave party scandal or on form and fitness.In another surprising move, Nagpur pacer Umesh Yadav, who has been retained in the Test squad, doesn't find a mention in the World Twenty20 team despite being the fourth highest wicket-taker in the IPL after foreigners Morne Morkel, Sunil Narine and Lasith Malinga.Yadav loses his place in the T20 squad to Ashok Dinda who has earned praise from skipper MS Dhoni and also a former great like Allan Donald, who called him 'the pick of Indian bowlers' this IPL.Splitting Yadav and Dinda for Tests and World T20 is clearly to accommodate the more experienced Zaheer Khan who is part of both the squads. Ishant Sharma returns from injury to retain his place in the Test team.However, in the World T20, the selectors have opted for L Balaji. Harbhajan Singh has once again been ignored in Tests, but has been retained in the World T20 squad solely because of the experience he brings to the table.\"We have picked the best available squad,\" chairman of selectors K Srikkanth said post the three-hour meeting.Times ViewVVS Laxman has served Indian cricket with great distinction for over a decade and it would be churlish to deny him the chance to go out on a high. However, the selectors and team management must also consider the needs of the team, and indeed place it above those of the individual. It would be best, therefore, if they sat down and had a chat with the batting maestro to work out an exit strategy for him that is fair to both sides. It must take into consideration the fact that any youngster who replaces Laxman should get a chance to be blooded on home turf before he is asked to fend for himself on more hostile pitches abroad.Test squad: MS Dhoni (captain), Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir, Sachin Tendulkar, Venkatsai Laxman, Cheteshwar Pujara, Virat Kohli, Ravichandran Ashwin, Zaheer Khan, Pragyan Ojha, Umesh Yadav, Ajinkya Rahane, Piyush Chawla, Ishant Sharma, Suresh Raina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15447498", "title": "An anthem for school kids!", "text": "The audio of Thanga Meengal, directed by Ram (of Katradhu Tamizh fame), is all set to be launched in the city soon. Produced by Gautham Menon , Reshma Ghatala and Venkat Somasundaram, the film has music by Yuvan Shankar Raja.Interestingly, Ram also plays the male lead in the film, which deals with the relationship between a father and his daughter. Rohini and Padmapriya also play important roles in the film.Gautham says, \"After Taare Zameen Par , I was searching for a script with a societal concern. That's when Ram came to me with this script.\"Ram says, \"The music of the film will surely enthrall the audience. An anthem for children will make parents and the society at large sit up and take notice as it dwells into the realms of the current education system, examinations and teachers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15442101", "title": "Delhi police in Goa to probe links", "text": "PANAJI: A Delhi police team on Friday visited the residences of Nupur Mehta and Ankita to record their statements in the Geetika Sharma suicide case. Both were unavailable.\"The team visited Nupur and Ankita houses and Ankita's brother's shop. Both houses were locked and the shop was closed,\" police sources said. Sources said the police team is in Goa to uncover any link to a previously registered case at Panaji police station by Geetika against Nupur and Ankita.In 2009 Geetika has logged a case alleging threats and theft against Nupur and Ankita. As per the chargesheet filed before the judicial magistrate first class, Panaji police said the accused threatened to kill Geetika and her family members if she did not quit her job at Mint Casino Company and thereafter stole her belongings.Sources said that when Geetika filed the complaint she was employed as MDLR group coordinator.MDLR is owned by Haryana minister Gopal Kanda who has also been named in the suicide note.The Delhi police team arrived on Thursday and includes a PI and PSI.TOI had published Geetika's suicide note, where it was stated that Kanda \"has an illegal relationship with woman named ***** and a girl child with her\". Sources told TOI that the woman is based in Goa.Initially, Geetika was based at Mint Club Casino in a five star resort at Arpora and later oversaw affairs at Mint Cruise Casino, sources said. MDLR had then bought the offshore Casino Rio owned by Leela Group and renamed it Mint Cruise Casino.Geetika, a former airhostess with the now defunct MDLR airline, was found hanging in her flat in north west Delhi on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15446397", "title": "Facebook to undergo privacy checks for 20 years", "text": "WASHINGTON: Social networking giant Facebook will be subjected to two decades of regular privacy checkups and other penalties, as part of a settlement finalised by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).The FTC agreement implicated that Facebook must now obtain 'consent' before sharing a user's information with advertisers or others, which differs from its current privacy settings, and also bars the social site from misrepresenting its privacy and security practices again.The settlement has the same outlines as the agreement, which FTC reached with Google in 2011 over that company's botched rollout of the Buzz social network, Politico reports.The FTC faulted Facebook in 2011 for the way the company had handled users' private information, and allowed access of third-party apps.Among other slip-ups, in December of 2009, Facebook changed its site in ways, which resulted in the private information of users being available to the public, the report said.The FTC also charged Facebook with misrepresenting the sort of information that it shared with advertisers, and said that the social site wasn't clear with users about the fate of their photos and videos, upon deletion of their accounts, as some of the content didn't disappear, contrary to what the site states, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15441716", "title": "2 held for robbing women across Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A gang of snatchers and robbers has been arrested for looting older women who would go on morning walks or visit temple in the morning wearing gold ornaments.Nandu and Sunil, who were arrested by the anti-autothefts squad of west district, had previously committed crimes across north, west and northwest Delhi at Hari Nagar, Punjabi Bagh, Subhas Nagar and Rajouri Garden, police claimed.According to additional CP (west) V Renganathan, a tip-off was received that the accused duo would come on motorcycles and loot old women at the Punjabi Bagh market every Thursday. They were nabbed from the spot and two bikes, which they used to commit the crime, have been seized.During interrogation, the accused told investigator Maninder Singh that they had committed crimes like snatchings and robberies before as well.For the past two months, the duo would target old women who used to visit parks, temples and gurdwaras in the early morning hours wearing gold jewellery. Whenever they found such a target alone, they would threat and loot the victim.It was further revealed that they had come to the Punjabi Bagh market on Thursday to loot these women would come to visit markets and temples on the eve of Janmashtami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-11"}
